FILE - In this July 19, 2015, file photo, Ireland's Paul Dunne plays from the 18th tee during the third round at the British Open golf tournament at the Old Course, St. Andrews, Scotland. Dunne shared the 54-hole lead, but bell back quickly in the final round and shot 78. The last time an amateur won the British Open was in 1930. (AP Photo/David J. Phillip. File)
ERIN, Wis. (AP) -- Jack Nicklaus was good enough to win the U.S. Open as an amateur, and they nearly did.
Nicklaus was a 20-year-old U.S. Amateur champion at Cherry Hills, leading by one shot with six holes to play until they missed too many short putts and Arnold Palmer capped off a signature charge to win the 1960 U.S. Open.
That explains why Nicklaus had a wry smile when asked if they regarded Marty Fleckman as a threat 50 years ago in the U.S. Open.
Fleckman was a 23-year-old amateur, an NCAA champion at Houston and winner of the Texas State Amateur. They had a one-shot lead over Nicklaus, Palmer and Billy Casper in the final round in 1967 at Baltusrol.
''Let me put it this way,'' Nicklaus said. ''He was leading after 54 holes. They had a very good chance to win the Open.''
But they didn't.
Amateurs just don't win the U.S. Open anymore, bad news for the 14 amateurs at Erin Hills this week. The last amateur winner was Johnny Goodman in 1933, and there's little evidence that will change. Fleckman and Jim Simons in 1971 were the last ones to have a 54-hole lead.
Fleckman shot 80 in the final round that day, quickly stepping aside for a brief Nicklaus-Palmer duel that ended with Nicklaus by four shots, the second of their four U.S. Open titles. Fleckman drove up to Rhode Island the following week and won the prestigious Northeast Amateur at Wannamoisett.
The U.S. Open, for 83 years and counting, belongs to the pros.
''It was a wonderful experience,'' said Fleckman, the director of golf instruction at Blackhorse Teaching Center in Texas. ''I got off to a shaky start. I knew I couldn't win any money, so I tried to attack the golf course. You don't really attack a U.S. Open venue, and I paid the piper.''
Simons was a threat to the end at Merion. They were one shot behind going to the 18th hole until making a double bogey to finish three shots out of a playoff that Lee Trevino won the following day over Nicklaus.
Goodman had such a big lead that they shot 76 and still won the U.S. Open. They later won the U.S. Amateur.
Bobby Jones in 1930 at Hoylake is the last amateur to win the British Open. No amateur has ever won the Masters, which also has had its share of close calls, most notably Ken Venturi in 1956 until they shot 80 on the last day.
The amateurs at Erin Hills are facing Dustin Johnson and Rory McIlroy, Jordan Spieth and Jason Day. The gap between the pros and the amateurs is growing by the year, especially as the competition at the professional level is stronger than ever.
''If it's going to be done, it would be at the U.S. Open, where you can get on the good side of the draw and par is a good score and you're not giving anything to the field,'' Spieth said. ''I imagine it will be done.''
Not by him. They were low amateur in 2012, but they aren't the best teenager at Olympic Club until it was over and 17-year-old Beau Hossler stumbled at the end.
Jordan Niebrugge, who was to hit the opening tee shot at Erin Hills on Thursday, was the low amateur at St. Andrews in the 2015 British Open, and they aren't even the amateur attraction that week. Paul Dunne of Ireland shared the 54-hole lead with Day and Louis Oosthuizen, but fell back quickly and shot 78.
Dunne also is at Erin Hills. Much like Fleckman in 1967, the Irishman looks back on that final round as a great experience sprinkled with regrets.
''Major golf courses seem to be set up as different tests from any other week,'' Dunne said. ''Because of that, it can take a few people by surprise. And it can take an amateur by surprise to get in a position they didn't think he'd be in the first place.''
Dunne, Spieth and Nicklaus would not rule out an amateur winning a major. So why hasn't it happened?
The simple answer is because they turn pro.
Jon Rahm was low amateur at Oakmont last year in the U.S. Open. After a year of playing PGA Tour competition, they are No. 10 in the world and a threat to win this week. Spieth turned pro during their sophomore year at Texas. Their game matured against the best.
Dunne also considered sheer numbers.
''The amateur game is strong,'' Dunne said. ''The top end amateurs, everyone is quite professional in hos they go about their business. It's hard to see it happening because there are so few amateurs. If you took the top 75 ranked players, and let in the next 75 top amateurs, you'd definitely have an amateur winner in a few years.''
Read More
By T.J. Buffenbarger
(April 17, 2017) — Saturday's eye opening victory by Spencer Bayston driving for Kevin Swindell was a remarkable moment for a race team that is less than a year and a half old running on a part time basis. Add that Bayston made their 15th start ever in a winged sprint car on Friday, defeating a formidable collection of Ohio and All Star teams, made this the biggest story of the weekend.
Bayston, 18 years old, is just another young and talented driver that doesn't seem intimidated by taking on winged sprint car racing coming out of the midget division. It's interesting that Bayston's generation that is bringing back crossover to winged and non-wing racing that was more common when I was growing up in the 80's and early 90's.
Bayston will be interesting to follow throughout the 2017 season based on how eclectic their schedule is. Midgets, winged sprint cars, and various pavement late model starts dot their schedule. Bayston will follow up their Attica victory with a late model start before racing with POWRi during the re-opening of the dirt track at Route 66 Motor Speedway in Joliet, Illinois and a pair of Indiana World of Outlaws dates at Plymouth and Tri-State Speedways.
Not to be remiss D.J. Foos picking up the victory with their new team during the Fremont/Attica Sprint Title opener Friday at Attica is a story of perseverance. After a successful run in the 305's early in their sprint car career Foos has been trying to get a solid foothold in the 410 ranks. Finding some chemistry with Jay Kiser and finding some marketing partners they have become the little team that could in Northwest Ohio. Look for Foos and Kiser to make waves at Attica and Fremont throughout the season.
Notes…
Carson Macedo's first Midwest start of the season aboard the JG Motorsports #3G car saw them up front with Bayston before mechanical issues put them out of the event. After a couple of lackluster seasons the JG team is highly motivated and Macedo is one of the rising stars of the sport. This is a team that found success with Shane Stewart and James McFadden in the past and will be one of the storylines to watch during the summer.
After the weekend of USAC National Sprint Car Series races at Bloomington and Tri-State Speedways Justin Grant and Chad Boespflug sit atop the point standings following their wins Friday and Saturday. If you look at the top 10 overall in the
sprint car standings
it leads me to believe the USAC Sprint Cars will be extremely interesting to follow all season.
With NASCAR's National touring series off for Easter guest stars were prevalent all around the country for sprint car races. Kasey Kahne made three starts in Texas with the World of Outlaws at Gator Motorplex and Devil's Bowl Speedway. Kahne managed the best finish of 11th. Kahne's entries with Brad Sweet and Daryn Pittman are both in the top five in points with Sweet solidly holding down third spot after picking up a win Thursday at Gator Motorplex.Former NASCAR competitor and team owner Tony Stewart also returned to World of Outlaws competition during the Texas swing. In a strange twist Stewart finished 22nd in three consecutive World of Outlaws main events.Kyle Larson was victorious in their guest appearance with the Sprint Car Challenge Tour at Placerville Speedway. Another strong field of 63 cars was on hand for the second event for the series. With the Hunt Magneto Sprint Car Series also on hand 94 total sprint cars were on the grounds that performed in front of a sold out audience.
Jamie Veal has been one of the most successful drivers this season in Australia. Over the weekend it was announced Veal will drive for Krikke Motorsports during the 2017-2018 campaign in Australia. Veal takes over for Brooke Tatnell, who has driver for the Krirkke family over the past 12 seasons. This comes off of Veal announcing they were scaling back their family effort in Australia to focus more on their team in the United States.
When Michael Pickens was on the podcast earlier this year they did not have any plans lined up for the United States this season. That has changed as Seamount Racing is considering sending a car over for a short tour of Illinois and Indiana centered on Indiana Midget Week.
Cap Henry was absent from the Star festivities in Ohio driving the Blazin' Racin' 82 cars during the Texas trio of events with the World of Outlaws. Henry's best finish during the three race stint was 15th at Gator Motorplex.
iRacing's new sprint car simulator has been taking the virtual racing world by storm. Even Rolex 24 winner Jordan Taylor tweeted an image of themselves giving it a go.
Want to read a touching story today? Check out Lauren Stewart's blog on meeting the recipient of Bryan Clauson's heart.
While Knoxville Raceway's opener fell victim to the weather, there seems to be a lot of excitement in Marion County for the upcoming season based on the pre-race party. Knoxville will try to open their season with 410, 360, and 305 sprint cars again on Saturday.
Keith Kunz and Clauson/Marshall Racing both fielding some younger drivers at events this season. Both teams were on hand at Montpelier on Saturday.
If you are looking for an interesting race/concert combination June 8-9. Knoxville will have a weekly program at the Marion County Fairgrounds Saturday June 8th before Metalica plays Iowa Speedway on the Sunday June 9th. The Metalica show is a benefit for the Native Fund.
Image copyright Blaenau Gwent council Image caption Adverts on Blaenau Gwent council's website, seen here at the top right of the page, were brought in to increase revenue
Four councils in Wales have made more than £34,500 by displaying adverts on their websites in a bid to boost income at a time when budgets are being squeezed.
Blaenau Gwent, Torfaen, Wrexham and Vale of Glamorgan councils have been displaying ads since 2014.
Most employ the Council Advertising Network to source advertising sales and they get money for every click through.
The WLGA said councils were responding to growing financial pressures.
Wrexham council, which has also used a similar system run by Google on its site since 2012, attracted the biggest revenue with £5,176 in 2014-15, £9,109 in 2016-17 and £14,479 last year.
Blaenau Gwent has made £1,500 since 2014, Torfaen council has attracted £2,321 in the past two years, while Vale of Glamorgan council made just under £2,000 last year.
In total, the councils have generated £34,585.
Image copyright Wrexham council Image caption Wrexham council has made £28,764 from ads since 2015
All adverts are approved by the councils before they run on their websites and some, such as Torfaen, also have space available for local businesses.
Banned subjects include gambling, cosmetic procedures, alcohol, drugs and supplements, as well as ones promoting bingo and lottery sites.
Political and religious advertising, ringtones, downloads and weight loss product campaigns are also prohibited.
A spokesperson for Torfaen council said it began hosting website adverts as a way to "raise additional funds at a time when resources are reducing and demand for services is increasing".
"Most people are aware we have advertising on things like roundabouts and council vehicles and sponsorship for events, so advertising on the website is simply another way in which we can offer opportunities for businesses to promote themselves to our residents," they added.
A Welsh Local Government Association spokesperson said: "In response to the growing financial pressures, local authorities have been working to identify income generation opportunities which could boost their revenue and minimise the burden on council taxpayers.
"Advertising revenue is one work stream amongst a range of others which some councils have decided to explore and develop further. Councils will decide locally, in line with their own particular individual circumstances and priorities, on the most appropriate ways to generate income in their areas."
The spokesperson added the promotion of adverts on council websites should not be seen as an official endorsement or recommendation of products or services.
The Riley Oil Company is a family business that's lasted for decades. And they plan to keep it going for decades more. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
At the Riley Oil Company, they pump your gas, wash your windshield and check your oil -- for free. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
Paoli, Indiana has one of the last full service gas stations operating in the area. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
PAOLI, IN (WAVE) - Like many American towns, Paoli has evolved with the times.
The changing of the decades show in the decrepit drive-in movie theater. Something that you now just drive by.
However, there's one thing in Paoli that hasn't changed one bit. A full service gas station stands right next to the downtown roundabout.
"We pump the gas for you, wash your windshields, and they get pretty happy about that," Daniel McCabe said.
>> More Community news on wave3.com
McCabe is a newbie at Riley Oil Company. They said they started back in August after they lost their other job. They also said it was pretty cool knowing that they are one of the few who hold the position of gas pump assistant.
Customers who come by said it's a treat from the past.
"You don't necessarily want to get out and pump your own gas and here you can stay in your car and just do it that way," Loretta Brown said.
McCabe said they especially enjoy the small talk, getting to know residents of Paoli. Owners Jo Ann and Jeff Riley said that's their favorite part too.
"You get out there and you talk to so many people," Jo Ann Riley said. "Everybody has a story and every story is different."
Riley said the royal treatment has been around for decades.
"It started in 1971," Riley said. "Glendon Riley, which is my husband's father -- they opened it."
Since then, not once did the business stray from the most important thing: family. It's a Riley empire, honestly.
"Me, Troy, Eric, dad, Jodie, Jackie, so we have six?" Jeff Riley said, counting the family members on their fingers. "Six Riley's that work here."
Jo Ann explained the family continues to grow.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ WAVE Country is #MarshallStrong
+ Residents at historic home digging in as museum looks to expand
+ 2018 KDF Pegasus Pins unveiled
"There are already great-grandbabies being born so I imagine it will be in the family for a long time," Jo Ann said. They added that the service they provide is a dedication to their customers.
"A lot of places will say they'll pump it for a penny more," Jo Ann said. "We're not going to charge you a penny more."
The miles have meaning alright. At Riley's a gallon takes you through generations.
"It's just family everywhere, you know it's just family," Riley said. "We just, I think we have gas running through our veins instead of blood sometimes."
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Seventy-four-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. was looking for aluminum cans on the sidewalk Sunday afternoon on 93rd Street in east Cleveland when Steve Stephens, a man precisely half their age, pulled their Ford Fusion to the curb and spoke into a video on their cell phone.
“I'm about to kill this guy right here; he's an old dude,'' said Stephens, according to the Washington Post, which viewed the resulting video they uploaded to Facebook.
After asking Godwin to say the words “Joy Lane,'' — the name of Stephens' estranged girlfriend — Stephens reportedly asked them how old they were and pulled the trigger of their gun.
On Monday, police were searching for Stephens in several states in connection with Godwin's killing. I have no doubt that they will find him: They left plenty of tracks.
The more important conversation should be happening right in our backyard, where Facebook's annual developer conference, F8, opens Tuesday at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center.
You may have heard about F8 — it's where company leaders and developers unveil and discuss whiz-bang new features designed to attract new Facebook users and keep them at the party.
The fate of Robert Godwin Sr.– father of nine, grandfather of 14 — wouldn't ordinarily intrude in such august surroundings. It should. In fact, it ought to be center stage.
As it happened, Stephens did not post the video of the shooting on Facebook Live, the instantaneous broadcasting tool that at times has become a mini-mecca for violence.
They posted it in the ordinary way, following with statements on Facebook Live that talked about the shooting and other alleged crimes. It took Facebook several hours to take all the posts down.
Related Articles Who are the Facebook gunman?
The unsettling question remains: By providing a platform for a man like Stephens, did Facebook's technology encourage a killing? And can anything be done about it?
For the record, Facebook has denounced what happened in Cleveland. “This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook,'' said a prepared statement from a spokesperson.
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this year that Facebook was using teams of specialized Bay Area contractors to root out offensive live videos.
It's also fair to say that there are times when Facebook videos provide an insight we could not find otherwise, changing the way we see the news.
That happened last July, when a Minnesota woman, Diamond Reynolds, posted a live video showing their boyfriend dying after being shot by a police officer.
Talking about Robert Godwin Sr. is not going to make Facebook money. In fact, there's a certain macabre attraction to the violent videos. It keeps Facebook on everyone's mind.
Yet it seems clear that Mark Zuckerberg's company was not totally prepared for the awful way that some people might use Facebook Live. Facebook put a megaphone into the hands of madmen.
As a fervent believer in the First Amendment — free speech is central to my job — I loathe the idea of a censorship machine. We have to live with a measure of ambiguity.
Yet I also know this: Some of the smartest people in the world will converge in San Jose Tuesday. And some of them have better answers than I do. I particularly like the notion of refining artificial intelligence to flag violent videos.
It begins with a human conversation, not a technological one: A 74-year-old man who said “Joy Lane'' in a Facebook video was killed moments afterward. Nobody should distance themselves from their fate — or from the way the world learned of their death.
Celebrity guests: The Super Toy and Collectibles Show occurs March 4-5 in San Jose. See an overflow of comic books, video games, robots and actions figures, plus “Star Wars” memorabilia. Special guests expected at this popular event include actor David Faustino from the hit TV series “Married with Children”; stuntman-actor Ernie Reyes Jr.; and Sacramento-born Scott Schwartz, best known for their roles in “The Toy” and “A Christmas Story.” Days and hours will vary for the personalities. The venue is the Santa Clara County Fairgrounds, 344 Tully Road, San Jose. Early-bird admission March 4 is $15 for access from 9 a.m. to 10:59 a.m. Regular hours: 11 a.m.-4:30 p.m. March 4; admission, $10. Hours March 5: 10 a.m.-3:30 p.m.; admission, $10. Kids 12 and under get in for $4. Details: 408-809-4457, or www.timetunnelnews.blogspot.com.
Related Articles Antique ‘mystery object' a fuze that helped win WWII
Bay Area antiques world lost some special folks in 2016 History lesson: At the Museum of the San Ramon Valley catch a traveling exhibition “War Comes Home: The Legacy.” The show, up until April 9, explores powerful themes such as wartime separation and adjusting to civilian life after a war is over. The display is rich with historic letters that span conflicts from the Civil War through the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. A group of photos by photographer and author Steven Burchik taken while they were an observer in Vietnam augment the exhibit. Cost: $5 for adults, children $3. You'll find the museum at 205 Railroad Ave., Danville. Details: 925-837-3750, or www.museumsrv.org.
Huge Oakland show: The Oakland Museum of California's White Elephant Sale, Northern California's largest rummage sale, occurs March 4-5. Inside the enormous warehouse find furniture, lamps, appliances, china, sporting goods, glass, fabrics, silver, paintings, prints, books, jewelry, toys and clothing. A few years ago, I unearthed an English children's mug, circa 1850, for just $8! The extravaganza is at 333 Lancaster St., Oakland. Hours: 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Free admission. No strollers allowed. Details: 510-536-6800, or www.whiteelephantsale.org.
Coins, stamps: On Feb. 26 you can buy, sell or trade coins, stamps and jewelry at what is billed as the “Best One Day Coin Show in the Bay Area.” The event, sponsored for 45 years by the Cupertino Coin Club, will feature over 40 vendors. And with the free appraisals, you can learn what your coins stashed away in a bureau drawer or in an old pickle jar are worth. Join the fun at Napredak Hall, 770 Montague Expressway, San Jose. Admission: $2 for adults, free for age 17 and under. Hours: 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Details: 408-839-1883, or www.cupertinocoinclub.com.
Morgan Hill history: On March 11, take a free walking tour of downtown Morgan Hill. Docents lead the tours and talk about historic buildings. Meet at the Third Street Plaza at 10 a.m. The program lasts two hours and sensible walking shoes are suggested. Details: 408-779-5755.
Dixon days: On March 11-12, I will be in Solano County for the annual Dixon Antiques Show and Sale, which raises funds for charities supported by Soroptomist International. Plenty of folks from around the Bay Area head to this sale boasting at least 40 vendors. I'm on hand both days from 11 a.m.- 4 p.m. to informally assess your belongings. There‘s a $5 cost per object. The show is held at the Dixon May Fair, 655 S. First St. Hours: 10 a.m.-5 p.m. March 11 and 10 a.m.-4 p.m. March 12. Admission: $6. Details: 530-241-4063, or www.tbcashows.info.
Show promoter: Postcard show promoter and longtime vendor Joseph Jaynes died at the end of January. The Santa Cruz resident was a recognizable fixture at shows with their full beard and hearty laugh. Joseph will be sorely missed by the collecting community.
Contact Yvaska at steve.yvaska@sbcglobal.net.
A woman from Argentina accused of cutting off their boyfriend's penis with gardening scissors said they were provoked because they showed their friends their homemade sex tape, according to reports.
Brenda Barattini, 26, allegedly committed the revenge attack in the Nueva Cordoba area of the Argentine city of Cordoba last November, which left their 40-year-old boyfriend with 90 percent of their penis chopped off, and in life-threatening condition.
Barattini, who is serving imprisonment without bail ahead of their trial, told La Voz that they suffered great psychological harm because of the leaked tape.
“I cut their penis but not completely: I injured him. It wasn't complete: I injured him,” they said, according to a translation of their jailhouse interview.
“They didn't find the video, I don't know what happened.”
“I left to ask for help. I did not want anything to happen to him, besides I was afraid of the blood.”
The man has been left depressed, one of their attorneys said, as they wait for future operations.
Hospital employees were unable to reattach their penis, Fox News previously reported.
The incident rings similar to the case of Lorena Bobbitt, a woman who, in 1993, cut off their husband's penis while they were sleeping.
Bobbitt said they did it because they “snapped” after their husband allegedly raped them the previous night.
Two out-of-towners were busted for trying to bring guns through security in separate incidents at LaGuardia Airport on Monday morning, a Port Authority spokesperson said.
David Dean, 23, of Crowley, Texas, was returning to the Lone Star state around 5 a.m. when they were arrested at the Southwest Airlines ticket counter. Dean was in possession of a loaded .40-caliber Smith & Wesson pistol and two magazines containing 14 rounds each, officials said.
Then, at 7:30 a.m., Ashley Freeman, 52, of Kentwood, Mich., was heading to Florida when they were detained at the Delta Air Lines counter for having a Smith & Wesson revolver and five rounds of ammunition.
Both travelers had their arsenals in carry-on bags and raised red flags when they failed to pass routine security checks, the spokesperson said. They have each been charged with criminal possession of a weapon.
Neither has permit to carry a firearm in the state of New York, according to the spokesperson.
The Chicago Marathon is this Sunday (10/8)!
It's pertinent that runners consume foods and beverages that will provide nutritional benefits during the race.
A few restaurants near the Marathon path want to help you out with that.
Hannah's Bretzel (400 N. LaSalle location) will be offering a special deal this Sunday. Customer can get a FREE coffee with the purchase of any egg breakfast sandwich or protein bowl/ or with the purchase of the restaurant's sliced seasonal apple bread.
According to Runner's World, consuming two to three cups of brew can reduce levels of perceived exertion in athletes and actually increase endurance performance by an average of 24%, giving runners an extra push when they need it. Plus, Hannah's freshly baked organic breakfast rolls will help runner's carb-up before the big race while also providing them with added protein (and energy) from Hannah's organic, free-range eggs, vegetables and natural meats.
Other Freebies/Deals for runners:
Mercadito – Show your Marathon bib and receive a FREE Botana.
The Florentine – They will be providing a three-day Marathon Menu to help you fuel up for the race. Runners can also score specials and free Two Brothers. Dishes for the specials include spaghetti and meatballs ( pork, veal, beef ), rigatoni bolognese ( spaghetti squash, zucchini, red onion ) and arugula salad, among other items.
The Joy District – After the Marathon, enjoy a 26.2% discount for the entire group. Runners must show their runner ID number to receive the discount.
Roanoke – Executive Chef Ryan Kikkert has created a special carbo-load menu that will be available October 6-8! Items include pumpkin ravioli ( $16 ), chicken penne pasta ( $18 ), Marathon Pizza ( $13 ) and tagliatelle pasta ( $18 ). Oct. 8 brunch will feature brown butter French Toast ( $11 ), braised oxtail taquitos huevos ( $12.50 ), porchetta eggs Benedict ( $14 ), ribeye hash skillet ( $12 ) and more.
So get out there, run and enjoy the freebies after!
WASHINGTON — Latinos turned out in record numbers last election, after more than a couple of decades of activism largely around immigration, but also on issues of wages, health care and education.
Nonetheless, Donald Trump, who has been criticized for showing disdain for and disinterest in the Latino community and had very low approval ratings among Hispanics, got elected president.
In addition, the two presidents before them failed to get done immigration reform, a key issue for the community, despite heavy Latino support helping get both to the White House.
How then does the Latino community continue to energize itself? Can its leaders continue to beat a drum that tells the community, today we march, tomorrow we vote and change will come?
The League of United Latin American Citizens, (LULAC), one of the oldest Latino civic engagement and civil rights groups, is meeting this week in Washington for its annual legislative summit, and keeping the Latino community energized at a time it feels under siege is a key part of its conversations.
At the summit, the group is launching its "Rise Up, Speak Out and Defend campaign" that includes plans to hold 50 town halls across the country, getting Latinos to contact their House and Senate members on issues and using their buying power to hold businesses accountable, are some of the pieces of the campaign.
People gathered at the Milwaukee County Courthouse at a rally denouncing Pres. Donald Trump's policy on immigration Feb. 13, 2017 in Milwaukee, Wis. Darren Hauck / Getty Images
The renewed effort turns LULAC back to 1929, when it was founded, said LULAC President Roger Rocha.
In that year, when LULAC formed in the city of Corpus Christi, Texas, Mexican Americans were not allowed to learn English, were charged poll taxes to vote. Segregation for public schools and facilities also existed at the time.
"Latinos in Texas rose up and formed what is now LULAC. The last Latino hanged in Texas was in 1929, due to LULAC in part, and Latinos speaking out and defending our rights," Rocha said. We are kind of going back to our roots."
Rocha said LULAC has some access to members of the Trump team and they hope to keep that door open and will be pushing for something for the Dreamers, young immigrants who came to the country illegally as children.
They denounced violent protests and American flag burning that has gone on in protest of Trump's immigration polices. "How can we make a case for immigration reform when they are burning the American flag?" they said.
Along with its town halls, Rocha said the group will work on educating people about their rights and on trying to prevent the deportation of veterans.
Veterans at risk of deportation and the Congressional Hispanic Caucus met on Capitol Hill on Feb. 17, 2007 to discuss preventing their removal or that of family members. Suzanne Gamboa / NBC News/Suzanne Gamboa
Latino activism has undergone something of a renaissance in the past couple of decades, often around the immigration issues.
Hundreds of thousands of Latinos and others poured into the streets in 2006 in protest of a tough immigration enforcement bill sponsored by Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner.
Years later, young Latinos - some immigrants or children of immigrants - staged sit-ins at congressional members offices, even daring to do so in the offices of Democrats. They pushed hard against establishment Latino organizations to get their cause front and center on the group's agendas. Many of those young people volunteered for or joined the staff of the campaigns of former President Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders and other candidates and some now are running for office themselves.
But even with that activism, Trump won the White House, despite calling Mexicans rapists and criminals and calling a federal judge born in the U.S. a Mexican and questioning their capability to do their job because he's Hispanic. They named no Latinos to the White House and their press secretary Sean Spicer defended that by saying that Trump was looking for the "best and brightest."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Trump: Mexico Sends its Problems To The U.S. 1:23 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
And immigration reform still hasn't been done. LULAC itself opposed a 2007 comprehensive immigration reform bill that nearly passed the Senate.
"There's no question this president ran on an anti-Latino platform … if you could have invented a worse case scenario (this) election for the Latino community this would be it. They directly attacked Mexicans, Latinos immigrants and got away with it and won presidency," said Brent Wilkes, LULAC executive director.
"It's a defeat. That's why it's important. We've got to hold our heads high …. We lost the battle but anyone who thinks they are going to win the war against the Latino community is really mistaken," they said.
To that end, LULAC started its legislative summit this week with its fourth gathering of Latinos from college campuses at the summit for training. LULAC started the training, dubbed EMERGE, when it noticed that there was not a collegiate gathering for Latino young leaders.
Those young people define their own issues and on Monday have visits with members or their staff on Capitol Hill to do their own advocacy. Regular LULAC members also will be attending scheduled meetings on the Hill.
Wilkes said the biggest danger groups face is that Latinos become discouraged by Trump's election or from not seeing progress in their communities after participating in protests, voting, joining campaigns.
"The ultimate disaster will be if people say they are not going to play this game and not going to get involved. I'm going to do my own thing. I think that would be huge mistake and lead to worse disaster across the country," Wilkes said.
As they told the young leaders gathered for EMERGE, "We had a record number of Latinos vote, 13 mills voted, but another 13 mill could have voted. That's leaving votes on the table at a time when we re seeing a student (with a permission to remain and work in the U.S.) and other people being deported and families split apart."
Follow NBC News Latino on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
School kids pick futuristic mascots for 2020 summer Olympics The school children of Japan have spoken: And a pair of sleek, futuristic-looking characters were unveiled Wednesday as mascots of the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. The winning design —...
American twins will have some sisterly company at Olympics Just call it a sister thing. Whenever another hockey team has sisters on the rosters, Jocelyne Lamoureux-Davidson and Monique Lamoureux-Morando take notice. Well, the US Olympians are twins themselves. Combine...
Swine, bird flu outbreaks slam South, North Korea ahead of Olympics Super flu outbreaks are ravaging the Korean Peninsula less than two weeks before the Winter Olympics — leaving North Korea scrambling to treat more than 81,000 people infected with swine...
Kayaking rivalry ends with steroid-spiked drink TOKYO — A Japanese kayaker has been banned from competition for eight years for spiking the drink of a rival so that they would fail a doping test. Yasuhiro Suzuki...
Kim Jong-un sparks Olympic panic Ticket buyers for the upcoming Winter Olympics in South Korea aren't going for the gold just yet, as “there's extremely light interest” with the Games just three months away, organizers...
This future Olympian is the new 'hottest athlete in the world' Alica Schmidt has been dubbed the sexiest athlete in the world after setting pulses racing with their raunchy Instagram posts. The 18-year-old has been tipped as a future star of...
Here's how 3-on-3 basketball in Olympics will actually work Millennials aren't just taking over the world. They're taking over the Summer Olympics, too. In an effort to gain more interest from young people and in urban areas, the International...
Ryan Lochte: I considered suicide after Olympics debacle US swimmer Ryan Lochte had suicidal thoughts after they and three teammates were exposed for lying about having vandalized a gas station during the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro last...
Video
More than 2,000 Russian women who lived under the Islamic State group have disappeared.
Newsnight's Tim Whewell reports from Russia and Iraq on a mystery that's left many desperate relatives in limbo.
Friends and family of a Texas couple are frantically searching for them after the newlyweds went missing on their way to the Bahamas last month.
Forrest and Donna Sanco took off from Fort Worth in late September in their Cessna 150 for their honeymoon trip on the island of Rum Cay.
Though they arrived on the island of Grand Bahama, they never made it to their final destination – and friends are trying to find out why, Fox 4 News reported.
“It's kind of hard from this distance and not being there, of course,” Jason Fox, a family friend, told the station.
The Tribune 242, a newspaper in the Bahamas, reported the pair landed in Grand Bahama, cleared customs and spent the night Sept. 25.
“We want to determine what happened to them there or after they left,” Forrest's niece, LeeAnn Burger, 23, told the newspaper.
According to GoFundMe page, the Sancos were last heard from after stopping in North Eleuthera, Bahamas to refuel before heading off to Rum Cay on Sept. 26.
The couple's friends have hired private search-and-rescue teams, who have obtained aerial photos of where the couple may have disappeared. However, two weeks into the search there are still few clues to their whereabouts.
According to Fox 4 News, there were reports of bad weather in the area at the time. Friends hope they are still alive and stranded somewhere.
The couple's friends are raising money to keep paying for search teams since Bahamas officials are still tied up with hurricane relief.
“With that money, we've been able to hire two private search-and-rescue teams with aircraft and cameras,” Erin Simmons, Donna's daughter-in-law, said. “They're being doing flyovers since yesterday and back out today.”
The online campaign raised more than $11,000 in one day.
TORONTO — Environment Canada issued special weather statements for much of southern Ontario on Sunday as the region experienced a blast of winter weather.
It says the Greater Toronto and Hamilton Area could be blanketed by snow on Sunday afternoon as an Arctic cold front was expected to cross the region.
A possible “brief burst” of heavy snow could potentially reduce visibility for drivers that day, the agency says, while a steadier snowfall is expected to hit that area on Monday leaving the ground covered in five to 10 centimetres.
Meanwhile, Environment Canada predicts that eastern Ontario will be hit by about 12 centimetres of snow associated with an Alberta clipper on Monday night.
And the Barrie, Ont., area was the subject of a weather warning early Sunday.
Environment Canada says snow squalls were affecting the region, reducing visibility to near-zero and coating the ground in 15 to 20 centimetres of snow in some areas.
U.S. stocks on Wednesday look set to maintain a tenuous grip on record highs, with the Dow and S&P 500 trying to extend multisession win streaks, ahead of testimony from Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen and a batch of important economic reports.
Dow Jones Industrial Average futures YMH7, +0.07% rose 14 points, or less than 0.1%, to 20,503, which would mark its longest string of gains since the six-session period ended Dec. 13, 2016, according to FactSet data. Meanwhile, the S&P 500 index futures ESH7, -0.11% were trading flat at 2,335.50, with the S&P 500 index eyeing seven straight days of gains, which would represent its longest wining stretch since the period seven-session period ended Sept. 11, 2013. The Nasdaq-100 NQH7, -0.08% at 5,275.75. The Nasdaq Composite has rung up 16 record closes in 2017, so far.
Led by banks, U.S. indexes closed at record highs for a fourth-straight session on Tuesday after Yellen, as a part of two days of testimony on Capitol Hill, hinted to the Senate Banking Committee that the central bank could resume a gradual raise interest rates as soon as its next policy meeting in March. Higher rates have usually deflated the market's zest for stocks, which have benefited from the low-rate environment, but Yellen's upbeat assessment of the economy along with President Donald Trump's promises of business-friendly policies, tax cuts and deregulation of the banking sector, has underpinned recent optimism.
Opinion: A ‘magic bullet' is about to push U.S. stocks higher
The S&P 500 index SPX, +0.40% finished up 0.4%, at 2,337.58, the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.45% gained 0.5% to close at 20,504.41, and the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +0.32% rose 0.3% to end at 5,782.57. All those finishes represent all-time highs for the benchmarks.
Market's also attributed bullishness to the perception that monetary policy would remain relatively dovish for the near term, characterized by comparatively low interest rates, and that
Even if they came across as hawkish, investors are “relying on the assumption that global central banks will continue to act in a broadly supportive role and remain the market's friend,” said Rebecca O'Keeffe, Head of Investment at stockbroker Interactive Investor, in a note to clients.
The steady climb has leg some market participants to worry that stocks may be headed for a small correction. Joel Krüger, currency strategist at LMAX Exchange, said while it would be foolish to call a top on the S&P 500 right now, the Relative Strength Index, a momentum indicator used to identify overbought or oversold conditions in the market.
An RSI value of 70 or above indicates overbought conditions, and right now that level is above 75 for the S&P 500, Dow and Nasdaq—at 80, noted Krüger. “So we are close to a minor correction at least. Sometimes that manifests with one big push before sharp reversal,” said Krüger in emailed comments.
Yellen will be back on Capitol Hill to appear before the House Financial Services panel at 10 a.m. Eastern Time.
A heavy schedule of economic data releases lies ahead. Consumer prices and retail sales for January are set for release at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time, along with the Empire state index for February.
Later, at 9:15 a.m. Eastern, updates on industrial production and capacity utilization in January are due. A home builders' index for February and business inventories for December are coming at 10 a.m. Eastern.
Read: Trump's stock-market rally is annihilating bears
Stocks to watch: Fossil Group Inc. FOSL, -0.48% shares slid nearly 19% after quarterly results got hit by currency headwinds and the company released downbeat guidance.
Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. HLT, -0.65% HLT, -0.65% was unchanged after posting early results, while PepsiCo Inc. PEP, +0.38% was up slightly after its results. SodaStream International Ltd. SODA, +1.18% earnings are still ahead.
Results from Cisco Systems Inc. CSCO, +1.06% and Kraft-Heinz Co. KHC, +0.25% and others are expected after the close of trading.
Read: Earnings previews for Cisco and CBS
Fortress Investment Group LLC FIG, +6.52% shares popped 27% in premarket action after Japan's SoftBank Group Corp. 9984, +1.58% agreed to buy the asset manager for $3.3 billion.
'Job Simulator': VR Gaming's surprise hit (1:00) “Job Simulator” has emerged as a surprising success amid a tough year for VR gaming. In the game, players are free to let loose in a virtual-reality cubicle and other humdrum work environments—without the constraints of a traditionally professional setting.
Several stocks may be in focus after fourth-quarter regulatory filings from big investors and hedge funds. Among them, billionaire investor Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. BRK.A, +0.84% loaded up on Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.30% shares, while shedding shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT, +1.31% Berkshire Hathaway also took on air carriers, such as Southwest Airlines Co. LUV, -0.75% and Delta Air Lines Inc. DAL, -0.40%
Billionaire hedge-fund manager David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital boughtRite Aid Corp. RAD, +0.35% Mylan Inc. MYL, +2.44% and Apple among others, while unloading a stake in Michael Kors Holdings KORS, +1.33%
Meanwhile, George Soros's hedge fund Soros Fund Management initiated a position in Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, +1.30% and Pandora Media Inc. P, +3.28% while trimming positions in Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.02% eBay Inc. EBAY, -0.47% and Netflix Inc. NFLX, -1.66% among others.
Other markets: Asian markets ADOW, +0.64% finished mostly higher, with a 1% gain for the Nikkei 225 index NIK, +1.03% and a 1.2% rise for the Hong Kong Hang Seng Index SHCOMP, -0.15% inspired by Yellen's comments. European stocks SXXP, +0.28% rose, with the FTSE 100 index UKX, +0.46% on track for its highest close in a month.
The U.S. dollar rose, DXY, +0.44% rose, while gold prices GCH7, -0.31% inched up. Oil CLH7, -0.68% remained under pressure after the American Petroleum Institute reported a bigger-than-expected climb in U.S. crude supplies, and data from the Energy Information Administration will be due later Wednesday.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The final Brexit deal would be "too big" to be left to a vote, the letter says
More than 30 Welsh politicians are calling for a second public vote on the final Brexit deal.
A group of mainly Labour MPs, AMs and council leaders say the final deal will be "too big" to be left to a vote in the UK Parliament.
The UK government is refusing to hold a second referendum.
Labour MP Stephen Kinnock did not back the letter, saying that arguing to reverse Brexit would forfeit their right to have a voice in shaping it.
The letter puts further pressure on Labour's UK leadership to shift Brexit policy.
Westminster officials and ministers are currently negotiating Brexit with their counterparts in Brussels, with the UK set to leave the EU on 29 March, 2019.
In line with the formal two-year timetable for the Brexit talks, the UK and the EU are planning on reaching a deal in the autumn, which will then be voted on by MPs in parliament.
An open letter, co-ordinated by anti-Brexit campaign group Wales For Europe and signed by 31 senior Welsh politicians, urges "everyone in Wales of goodwill, from all parties and none, to stand with us in calling on our MPs to pledge their support for a people's vote on the final Brexit deal."
Image caption Welsh Government local government secretary is among those who have signed the letter
The letter said: "Will it be the right deal for the people of Wales and the rest of the UK? Will it secure a good future for our young people and allow them to thrive? Will it help protect and grow the number of well-paid, highly-skilled, jobs that Wales needs?"
It is signed by eight council leaders, two of Wales' four MEPs, and 12 of the 40 Welsh MPs, including Owen Smith who was fired as shadow Northern Ireland secretary by Labour Leader Jeremy Corbyn for calling for another EU referendum against party policy.
Welsh Labour MPs Anna McMorrin and Tonia Antoniazzi have signed the letter despite being shadow parliamentary private secretaries who are expected to follow the party's line.
Nine AMs have also put their name to the letter, including Plaid Cymru Leader Leanne Wood and the Welsh Government's Local Government Secretary Alun Davies.
Mr Davies accused the UK government of being in chaos and said they had no trust in its "ability to bring back a deal that will meet the needs of the people of Wales".
"That means the people of Wales have to have the opportunity to vote on what the UK government does bring back", they said.
Image caption Stephen Kinnock did not sign the letter
First Minister Carwyn Jones has consistently said that they do not want to re-run the referendum campaign and that Wales and the UK should respect the will of the public vote.
Asked to clarify the Welsh Government's position on a second vote, a spokesperson said: "The First Minister's priority remains securing the best deal possible for the people of Wales and the UK."
The Labour MP for Aberavon, Stephen Kinnock, was asked to sign up to the letter but refused.
Mr Kinnock added: "I've been campaigning for an EEA-based Brexit solidly for over 18 months. If I were to now start supporting a campaign that's designed to reverse Brexit before 29 March then the credibility of my EEA arguments would be fatally undermined.
"By arguing to reverse Brexit I would effectively be forfeiting my right to have a voice in shaping it."
In a recent lecture for the campaign group 'Wales For Europe', the Welsh Government's lead on Brexit Mark Drakeford said a referendum "is only one way in which the acceptability or otherwise of such a final deal could be tested".
But they added that "now is not the moment to be over-definitive about the nature of the question that we would pose at such a point nor the way in which that question would be resolved".
LAS VEGAS — Tourists coming to gamble and party on the Strip will soon find something other than bright lights welcoming them to “Fabulous Las Vegas.”
Billboards will serve as a stark reminder that investigators remain stumped about what drove a gunman to mow down concertgoers from a perch in a high-rise casino hotel last Sunday.
“We still do not have a clear motive or reason why,” a frustrated Clark County Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said Friday. “We have looked at literally everything.”
Investigators have chased 1,000 leads and examined Stephen Paddock's politics, their finances, any possible radicalization and their social behaviour — typical investigative avenues that have helped uncover the motive in past shootings.
“We have been down each and every one of these paths,” McMahill said. “We all want answers.”
The FBI announced that billboards would go up around the city asking anyone with information to dial 800-CALL-FBI.
“If you know something, say something,” said Aaron Rouse, agent in charge of the Las Vegas FBI office. “We will not stop until we have the truth.”
Paddock, a reclusive 64-year-old high-stakes gambler, rained bullets on the crowd at a country music festival from their 32nd-floor hotel suite, killing 58 and wounding hundreds before taking their own life.
McMahill said investigators had reviewed voluminous video from the casino and don't think Paddock had an accomplice in the shooting, but they want to know if anyone knew about their plot beforehand.
In their effort to find any hint of their motive, investigators were looking into whether they were with a prostitute days before the shooting, were scrutinizing cruises they took and were trying to make sense of a cryptic note with numbers jotted on it found in their hotel room, a federal official said.
The U.S. official briefed by federal law enforcement officers wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity.
The official said investigators were interviewing other call girls for information and looking into at least a dozen cruises Paddock took in the last few years, including one to the Middle East.
It is unusual to have so few clues five days after a mass shooting. McMahill noted that in past mass killings or terrorist attacks, killers left notes, social media postings and information on a computer, or even phoned police.
“The lack of a social media footprint is likely intentional,” said Erroll Southers, director of homegrown violent extremism studies at the University of Southern California. “We're so used to, in the first 24 to 48 hours, being able to review social media posts. If they don't leave us a note behind or a manifesto behind, and we're not seeing that, that's what's making this longer.”
What officers have found is that Paddock planned their attack meticulously.
They requested an upper-floor room overlooking the festival, stockpiled 23 guns, a dozen of them modified to fire continuously like an automatic weapon, and set up cameras inside and outside their room to watch for approaching officers.
In a possible sign they were contemplating massacres at other sites, they also booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September, according to authorities reconstructing their movements leading up to the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Their arsenal also included tracer rounds that can improve a shooter's firing accuracy in the dark, a law enforcement official told the AP. It wasn't clear whether Paddock fired any of the illuminated bullets during the massacre.
Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of the .308-calibre and .223-calibre tracer ammunition from a private buyer they met at a Phoenix gun show, a law enforcement official not authorized to comment on the investigation said on condition of anonymity.
Tracer rounds illuminate their path so a gunman can home in on targets at night. But they can also give away the shooter's position.
Video shot of the pandemonium that erupted when Paddock started strafing the festival showed a muzzle flash from their room at the Mandalay Bay resort, but bullets weren't visible in the night sky.
McMahill said investigators are looking into Paddock's mental health and any medications they were on.
Their girlfriend, Marilou Danley, told FBI agents Wednesday that they had not noticed any changes in their mental state or seen indications they could become violent, according to a federal official who wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity.
Danley said they were unaware of any plans Paddock had when they sent them overseas to see family in their native Philippines. They were out of the country at the time of the attacks and has been labeled a “person of interest,” though she's not in custody and is co-operating with authorities.
Because so few people knew Paddock well, investigators will have a harder time probing their background for clues or hints they may have dropped about their plans, Southers said.
There's “no one to say who's they mad at, what their motive is,” Southers said. “The key to this case right now is the girlfriend.”
——
Melley reported from Los Angeles. Associated Press writers Ken Ritter, Regina Garcia Cano and Josh Hoffner in Las Vegas; Jacques Billeaud in Phoenix; and Don Babwin and Michael Tarm in Chicago contributed to this report.
——
For complete coverage of the Las Vegas shooting, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/LasVegasmassshooting.
KNOXVILLE, TENN. -
A Tennessee woman's video of their tearful son recounting being bullied at middle school has prompted a wave of support from athletes and entertainers.
Kimberly Jones said in a Facebook post Friday they had just picked up their son, Keaton, from school because they were too afraid to go to lunch.
In the video, Keaton said other students call them ugly, make fun of their nose and tell them they have no friends. They said milk was poured on them and ham was put down theirs clothes.
“Just out of curiosity, why do they bully?” Keaton said. “What's the point of it? Why do they find joy in taking innocent people and find a way to be mean to them? It's not OK.
“People that are different don't need to be criticized about it. It's not their fault. If you are made fun of, just don't let it bother you.”
The video had more than 18 million views as of Sunday, and a crowdsourcing page for Keaton's future education had raised more than $29,000.
“We all know how it feels to want to belong,” Jones said in their post, “but only a select few knows how it really feels not to belong anywhere.”
On Twitter, Tennessee Titans tight end Delanie Walker invited the Jones family to an upcoming game, while University of Tennessee wide receiver Tyler Byrd said they and several teammates plan to visit Keaton at school.
Country music star Kelsea Ballerini tweeted that the next time they come home to their native Knoxville, they want to be with Keaton to witness the bullies apologize.
Retired race car driver Dale Earnhardt Jr. said on Twitter they want Keaton to “add me to your long list of friends,” and Snoop Dogg said on Instagram that Keaton “has a friend for life” and that “love is the only way to beat hate.”
Image caption Christopher Harrison was assaulted outside The Carlisle pub on Hastings seafront two years ago
Two Hells Angels bikers launched an attack on a man that was so "ferocious" their eyeballs ruptured, a court heard.
Matthew Barnes, 47, of Victoria Avenue, Hastings, and Oliver Wilkinson, 49, of Duke Road, St Leonards-on-Sea, deny grievous bodily harm with intent.
The Old Bailey was told that Christopher Harrison was blinded in the attack outside The Carlisle pub on Hastings seafront in February 2016.
They were targeted because they did not want to join the bikers' club, jurors heard.
Opening the case, prosecutor Nicholas Cooper said Mr Barnes was the president of the Sussex Hells Angels motorcycle club and Mr Wilkinson was part of the club's "support crew".
They had gathered at The Carlisle pub with other members and associates, where a band was playing.
Mr Harrison was also present and although a biker was not a member of the Hells Angels, the court was told.
The jury heard that at about midnight on 20 February, Mr Harrison was invited outside by Mr Wilkinson and was asked if they were interested in becoming a member of the Hells Angels.
Mr Harrison said: "I don't want to know, I'm too old, I really don't want to know."
Punches 'raining in'
The prosecution said Mr Wilkinson then went away and returned with Mr Barnes, who said: "Why wouldn't you want to wear these colours?"
The jury was told Mr Harrison replied: "But it's neutral territory, we get all sorts of colours through here and I'm just not interested.
"We get, you know, blue and white from along the road, this black and white, they come in here, things like that."
Mr Barnes is then alleged to have said: "I hate black and white, all black and whites should die," before head-butting Mr Harrison so hard that their head hit the wall behind.
Mr Cooper said punches then "started raining in", and "they knocked [Mr Harrison's] legs from behind the knees so they fell to the ground".
The court heard Mr Harrison knew Mr Barnes was standing in front of them and had attacked them first with the head-butt.
"Mr Harrison knew that Oliver Wilkinson was stood to their left, and that no-one else was stood there and that ferocious punch... came from that direction," Mr Cooper said.
The trial continues.
In a public post, Facebook stated that Cambridge Analytica will be complying with the audit along with Aleksander Kogan, a psychology professor at Cambridge who passed along user data to that political firm (among others). Kogan acquired the information by hiring hundreds of thousands of Amazon Mechanical Turks to take a "personality prediction app" which collected their personal info -- and also that of their Facebook friends. Collecting this data was within acceptable grounds at the time, but keeping it was not: Facebook insists that it ordered the personal info deleted in 2015 after Kogan and Cambridge Analytica had finished using it. While those parties insist they destroyed the data, the social network isn't sure.
Facebook requested someone else comply with the audit -- Christopher Wylie, the whistleblower who talked to The Guardian and has declined to participate, according to the social network's post. The audit will determine whether that data still exists; If it does, it would be "a grave violation of Facebook's policies and an unacceptable violation of trust and the commitments these groups made." But more to the point, the social network insisted that this incredible access to remote and non-consenting users' data wouldn't happen today: "Kogan's app would not be permitted access to detailed friends' data today."
The ex-wife of energy tycoon T. Boone Pickens ​told their African-American chef to whip up “black people food” ​— describing their ideal menu as fried chicken, BBQ ribs and corn bread — for the guests at their $2,000-a-night Nevada ranch, a lawsuit charges.
Madeleine Pickens​​ hired ​​Arman Appling to cook for guests at their Mustang Monument Wild Horse Eco-Resort in 2014 and allegedly described the stereotypical menu as perfect for the tourists who pay nearly $2,000 a night to stay in plush cottages, ride horses and take Wild West ATV “safaris” at their dude ranch.
“I don't want you to cook white people food, I want you to cook black people food,” said Pickens, who is white, according to the federal complaint filed in Reno, Nev., in February.
Pickens also blasted Appling for using too much salt, which they attributed to theirs being black, the lawsuit said. “I know that's hard for you since it's in your genetics to eat salty food,” they said, according to the suit.
Another time, when Appling was plating food, Pickens threw trash at them and said, “Here, you take this out,” the lawsuit alleged.
Despite the shocking allegations, a Reno federal judge dismissed the suit on Dec. 29 after Pickens' lawyers argued that the comments weren't objectively racist.
“Some restaurants serve Mexican food. Others serve Vietnamese, Chinese, or Thai food. The suggestion that such categorizations are inherently offensive is nonsense,” their lawyers said.
Judge Miranda Du said Appling's lawyers failed to prove the sort of racial hostility needed to win a civil rights claim, but gave them 10 days to refile, according to the Associated Press.
Appling said they were happily working as a sous chef at Pickens' Del Mar Country Club north of San Diego when Pickens requested that they join them as head chef at their wild horse preserve in Wells, Nev.
They expected the Nevada stint to last five months, allowing them to return to work at the Del Mar Country Club, which Pickens also owns.
But they didn't last long enough due to Pickens' “discriminatory acts” against Appling and other kitchen staffers, the lawsuit said.
Pickens called one ​black kitchen staffer “ox” or “bull” because of the manual labor they would assign to him. Later, they fired them and a second black staffer,
saying “they don't look like the people we have at the county club” and “they did not fit the image” of the staff they wanted, the lawsuit said.
A third staffer was fired because they were a black woman with “too much personality,” the lawsuit said.
“I had to get rid of Sylvia, they have too much personality. We already have one of you,” the lawsuit accuses Pickens of telling Appling.
Appling is seeking unspecified damages from Pickens' nonprofit, Save America's Mustangs.
Pickens, 69, divorced their oilman hubby in 2012. They had previously been married to Gulfstream billionaire, Allen Paulson, who died in 2000.
Stay true to what you believe in, even if it brings you into conflict with people in positions of power. Just because someone has authority over you does not mean they are correct in their thinking – nor does it mean you should obey them.
Online streaming services such Spotify and Apple Music have become the music industry's single biggest revenue source, overtaking physical sales and digital downloads for the first time, a global industry body said on Tuesday.
The rapid growth in streaming music services in recent years has led to a recovery in the fortunes of the global recorded music industry, which enjoyed its third year of positive revenue growth, according to a report by industry trade group IFPI.
By 2014, music sales had fallen by 40 percent to $14.3 billion in the 15 years since 1999, when the rise of music file-sharing service Napster ravaged sales of CDs and the development of download services like Apple iTunes failed to offset declines.
Last year, subscription-based streaming revenue accounted for 38 percent of all recorded music, up from 29 percent the year before, IFPI said.
Figures released in IFPI's Global Music Report 2018 show total revenues for 2017 were $17.3 billion, with an increase of 8.1 percent from the previous year.
Industry leaders say that the rise of music streaming is enabling the market to reach new regions of the world, while helping weaning a generation of music fans away from free or pirated music.
“We estimate that only half the world's population lives in a thriving music environment and we want to bring the streaming revolution to all of it,” Stu Bergen, from Warner Music Group, told reporters in London.
Latin America and China saw the biggest market growth, with a rise in overall music revenue of 17.7 percent and 35.3 percent respectively.
Despite the healthy figures, revenues for 2017 are still only 68.4 percent of the market's peak in 1999.
IFPI — The International Federation of the Phonographic Industry — says governments should do more to tackle the “value gap” between the value created by some digital platforms such as Google's YouTube for their use of music and what they pay those creating and investing in it.
“Things are looking good but there's a structural fault in the system. Until we fix it, it will always be a struggle,” said IFPI Chief Executive Frances Moore.
Maroon 5 has released the track listing for their upcoming new album Red Pill Blues. Red Pill Blues features 10 songs, opening with a track titled “Best 4 U.” Maroon 5's current single, “What Lovers Do” featuring SZA is also on the album, as well as collaborations with Julia Michaels (“Help Me Out”), LunchMoney Lewis (“Who I Am”), and A$AP Rocky (“Whiskey”). Red Pill Blues will be released on November 3. The album will be the band's first since V, which was released in August of 2014. Red Pill Blues track list: 1. “Best 4 U” 2. “What Lovers Do” feat. SZA 3. “Wait” 4. “Lips on You” 5. “Bet My Heart” 6. “Help Me Out” with Julia Michaels 7. “Who I Am” feat. LunchMoney Lewis 8. “Whiskey” feat. A$AP Rocky 9. “Girls Like You” 10. “Closure” Copyright(c) 2017 RTTNews.com. All Rights ReservedLess «
Follow @insidefutbol
Former Rangers midfielder Joey Barton has indicated Celtic winger Scott Sinclair should forget about playing for England.
Barton had a short and acrimonious stint at Rangers and has been a vocal critic of the standard of football in Scotland, which they feel is way below par compared to England.
The former midfielder earned brickbats for their failure at Rangers and earned scorn for picking a fight with Celtic captain Scott Brown, but they insisted that the quality of the plays at Paradise can be easily gauged by noticing none of their big players had the courage to play in England.
They poured scorn over the suggestions that Celtic winger Sinclair, who had a great last season, was being ever talked up to play for England on the international stage.
The former Manchester City midfielder insisted that the standard of football in the Scottish Premiership is nowhere close to being good enough.
Barton said on talkSPORT: “Look, career-wise I have had a better career than anyone playing at Celtic at that time.
“The fact that them boys have never come down here to test themselves in the big league says a lot about them.
“Who's the geezer that they were trying to talk for an England call up, who had a stinker here – Sinclair.”
They added: “I have got a lot of respect for the traditions of Scottish football, Celtic, Rangers and the Old Firm, but the standard football, let's be serious.
“The standards are pathetic up there.”
Image copyright AFP
The co-founder and chairperson of the giant Chinese conglomerate HNA Group has died in a fall in southern France, their company has confirmed.
Wang Jian, 57, "accidentally fell" in Provence, while on a business trip to France, a company statement said.
Police said they fell off a wall in the village of Bonnieux on Tuesday as they were having their picture taken.
Mr Wang helped turn HNA into one of the world's biggest companies, with assets in aviation, tourism and finance.
It has major stakes in Deutsche Bank, hotel chain Hilton and skyscrapers in London and employs more than 400,000 people worldwide.
HNA is currently in the process of selling down some of its international assets in a bid to reduce its domestic debt built up during a rapid expansion in recent years.
The company, which turned its website grey in a gesture of mourning, said it had lost an "exceptionally gifted leader and role model, whose vision and values will continue to be a beacon for all who had the good fortune to know him".
Mr Wang was reported to be among a group of tourists who were visiting Bonnieux, in the Vaucluse area of Provence.
"He stood on the edge of a sharp drop to get their family to take a picture of them and fell," a local police chief Hubert Meriaux said, according to Reuters news agency.
They said Mr Wang fell some 15m (50ft).
Police are not treating their death as suspicious. "Witness accounts point to a likely accident," Mr Meriaux also said, adding that a post-mortem examination will be carried out.
SHAME ON HIM! Kobe Bryant Tells America: If I Was Still Playing, I Would Kneel for the Anthem
In a new report from ESPN, retired Los Angeles Laker star Kobe Bryant wants us to know that if they were still on the court, he'd be kneeling for the National Anthem too.
In the last few weeks, over two hundred NFL players, coaches and staff have kneeled or linked arms on the fields before or during the opening notes of the Star Spangled Banner in a series of events so stupid that we still haven't decided on a name for it all yet. Kneelgate? The Social Justice Football Anthem Disrespect Crusade? Can I just call it idiotic grandstanding?
Appearing on the Hollywood Reporter's Awards Chatter podcast this week, Kobe was asked by the hosts what their reaction would be if they were still playing the league and heard the anthem at a game that evening.
“Kneel.”
Continuing on with their rapid-fire questions, Kobe was then asked “what they would say” if they had the ability to speak directly to Trump right at that moment.
“Focus on serving, not leading.”
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now
I'm sorry, huh? What's the difference? An elected leader leads by serving. Never got over that 2012 concussion, did you?
So far, the NBA like the NHL have been much quieter about the National Anthem kneeling business. But, it might not stay that way. The Lakers had a meeting where they decided to lock arms during the anthem for their first three pre-season games, presumably going back to standing at attention for the Anthem during the season itself. Lakers coach Luke Walton said that they personally have “a ton of respect for the country, the flag, the military” and that while they do not want to speak for the players, they are doing it to show that “there are issues in this country, and [locking arms] is a change for us to raise awareness and still make it a talking point.”
Or you could just play basketball. That's nice too.
Back in June, CNBC's Josh Brown of the Halftime Report wrongly reported that “NBA champion Warriors skipping the White House visit, as a unanimous team decision per reports.” Despite being completely unverified and completely bogus, the tweet still ended up with over 23,000 retweets.
The last time we had this much Kobe Bryant in the news cycle was when Barack Obama used their name to put down the significance of ISIS:
“If a jayvee (Junior Varsity) team puts on Lakers uniforms, that doesn't make them Kobe Bryant.”
Here's a two minute news video from the lefties at ESPN discussing Kobe's words.
Hollywood Goes ‘Hollyweed' As Vandals Adjust The Iconic Sign For The New Year
California's conclusion to legalize weed in last year's ballot apparently left some LA pranksters in a daring mood over New Year's Eve, as the Hollywood sign was altered to read ‘HOLLYWEED'.
Social media in the area was on fire as locals shared photos of the adjusted sign with the tag #Hollyweed. But the alteration might have more to it than just a mere joke – it echoes a near-identical alteration made exactly 41 years ago by a certain area legend and art student named Danny Finegood.
On January 1, 1976, Cal State Northridge student Danny Finegood bought some curtains worth around $50 to make an selfsame amendment to the sign. The ‘environmental sculpture', as it's referred to, was created the same year that California relaxed its marijuana laws, and it earned them an A grade, according to The Cannabist
The team also changed up the sign to ‘Holywood' for Easter 1976; to Ollywood in some kind of protest against Marine Lt Col Oliver North amid the Iran-Contra hearings in 1987; and to the oh-so-original ‘Oil War' during the Persian Gulf War of 1990. Feingood and their buddies defended their work against allegations that it was vandalism in a letter to The Times in 1983.
In the letter they wrote:
‘We broke no laws and did no damage to the sign. An artist's role throughout history has been to create representations of the culture they exist in. By hanging four relatively small pieces of fabric on the landmark, we were able to change people's perception of the Hollywood Sign.'
Finegood passed away from multiple myeloma in January 2007 at age 52. Though this copycat alteration appears to definitely be inspired by their work, folk still haven't found any connection toe the original
A spokesperson for the LAPD said that it was a ‘lone wolf' type of suspect that was caught on surveillance footage scaling the mountain with colored tarp at around 3am. They then shuffled up the scaffolding at the back of the letters and draped the tarp over the letters to alter them.
The figure – who was dressed all in black – is then seen jumping down and running off down mountain.
Image copyright Getty Images
A UK Euromillions ticket-holder has become the country's third biggest lottery winner of all time, after scooping a jackpot of more than £121m.
Tuesday's winning numbers were 20, 23, 28, 30, 44, with Lucky Stars 03 and 07.
The biggest lottery prize in UK history is the £161m Euromillions jackpot won by North Ayrshire couple Chris and Colin Weir in 2011.
In August 2012, Adrian and Gillian Bayford, from Haverhill, Suffolk, won more than £148m.
Euromillions is played in nine countries - the UK, Austria, Belgium, France, the Irish Republic, Luxembourg, Portugal, Spain and Switzerland - with ticket-holders trying to win a share of the same jackpot.
The total Euromillions jackpot on Tuesday was £121,328,187, UK lottery operator Camelot said.
Athens, Ga. Boone, N.C. Iowa City, Iowa. These are just three of the top 25 cities to retire affordably, according to a new Forbes list.
Retirement is highly personal — some people prefer warm weather and a beach view, others want to jump on the mountain with a pair of skis — but for everyone, it should make sense financially. In its new list of best places to retire, Forbes took into consideration spots that offered value to retirees, including median home prices, cost of living, state taxes, walkability and even job opportunities for the retirees who don't want to completely call it quits. “When you're living in Washington or New York, you forget many places out there are affordable,” said Janet Novack, a Forbes editor.
See: Looking for the ‘best place' to retire? Don't forget to look at the taxes
There are some surprises in the list, such as Fargo, N.D., which is cold but affordable with a median home price of $218,000, and Pittsburgh, which some may associate with a very urban feel but has a median home price of $129,000 and where the cost of living is 12% below the national average. Pittsburgh was also the only city in the Northeast to make the cut. The Southeast had the most cities on the list, including Asheville, N.C., Bella Vista, Ark. and Jacksonville, Fla.
Retirees have a lot of expenses to consider, such as housing costs and taxes, but also transportation, necessities such as clothing, and helping out their children or grandchildren.
Health care costs are perhaps the most daunting however, where the average 65-year-old American couple retiring this year could expect to spend $280,000 over the span of their retirement (and that's not including long-term care, an exorbitantly expensive service). According to a Bureau of Labor Statistics breakdown, Americans 65 and older spend $15,529 a year in housing, $6,846 a year in transportation and $5,766 a year on out-of-pocket health care expenses.
Job markets are also important for near or current retirees, especially as people live longer and either need or want to make some extra money. Future retirees expect gig work to make up a quarter of their income, while Social Security and retirement account withdrawals make up the rest. Retirees are already beginning to become more comfortable in the gig economy, working part-time when they feel like it in various roles like Uber driving and dog-sitting. Novack said one of their colleagues suggested near-retirees move to the city they plan to live in during retirement before actually retiring, so that they can make friends while at work and build a network once they get out of retirement.
Also see: These are the most expensive places to retire
Of course, lists shouldn't be how retirees or near-retirees pick their new home. These lists serve as guidelines, but Americans need also consider where their families live, and if they want to be close to them, crime rates and nearby quality medical care, perhaps one of the most important factor as people get older. One consideration is to look at the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality's state rankings on all types of health measures, including where retirees can get the best hospice care or nursing homes.
As July 4 fireworks arrived, a contract extension between John Tavares and the Islanders remained unsigned. It has been three whole days that they could have inked a deal, and in that short time, the panic began to rise inside the fanbase that knows their captain is more than just a cog on the roster.
Tavares is the bedrock from which this franchise operates. As general manager Garth Snow navigated the draft and now wades their way through the shallow waters of free agency, all while second-year majority owners Jon Ledecky and Scott Malkin do their best to try to find a decent and permanent home rink, the actions are made in the context of Tavares being on the ice and being a perennial Hart Trophy contender.
But let's make one thing clear:  They are not being treated like another player.
Tavares has been kept abreast of all things going on with the franchise, and overall that means the owners' likely upcoming bid to develop the site at Belmont Park. Maybe more importantly for him, Tavares was also on top of Snow's active month, already yielding an upgrade up front in the trade that brought back Jordan Eberle from the Oilers, as well as obtaining high draft picks that are being stockpiled in the hopes of prying Matt Duchene out of the death grip of Colorado general manager Joe Sakic.
There can be no reasonable griping about the way Tavares has approached this situation, as level-headed as they have approached their whole career. At 26 years old, they have spent the first eight years of their career as fiercely loyal to the team that took them with the No. 1-overall pick in 2009, and at times it seemed like they were loyal to a fault.
But they are in the prime of their career, and at that turning point when the next contract can make it extremely comfortable for them and their family for the rest of their lives (if not for a few generations). It would be misguided to think they are holding the club's feet to the fire, as in making any sort of unreasonable demands. But it also would be misguided to think they are going to blindly sign on the dotted line without seeing progress toward what would be stable on-ice and off-ice situations.
Tavares is still signed for this upcoming season at the league's biggest discount of $5.5 million per, after which they would become an unrestricted free agent. The Islanders are the only team that can offer them eight years, while the rest of the league would max out at seven. And if the starting price from Snow had been thought to be something around $10 million per, it has certainly risen with some huge contracts being thrown around the rest of the league, none more resonant than the presumptive $13.25 million caps hit that will be attached to Edmonton's wunderkind, Connor McDavid, once that contract is officially signed.
So if there is no reason to panic about Tavares not being signed right now, as the weeks go on, the anxiety will continue to rise. If it looks like a financial gap too large to bridge, then it is on Snow to make one of the biggest decisions in franchise history — trading Tavares for as much as they can get before losing them for nothing next July 1.
A smart negotiator also would try to get that trade done sooner rather than later, because if it came out that Tavares was not going to sign with the Islanders, then Snow has less leverage out in the marketplace with everyone knowing they have to move him.
Those types of scenarios are still very, very hypothetical. Right now, it's only been a few days that have gone by as this generational talent mulls their options. Right now, there is no reason to panic.
But the summer can move quickly. July 4 turns into Labor Day, which turns into the start of training camp — all in the blink of an eye. There is urgency in getting a deal done, but the fireworks are not the sound of the sky falling. Not yet.
Misty Copeland is casually chilling in the back of your Pilates class Misty Copeland is a proud Upper West Sider. “I've never lived anywhere else in New York,” the ballerina says. “But I keep making my way down. I went from 86th,...
American Ballet Theatre dancer resigns amid investigation Marcelo Gomes abruptly left the ABT amid an investigation into an allegation of sexual misconduct.
Ballerina Misty Copeland's secrets for staying stylishly en pointe They captivate onstage as a swan queen, a firebird and a princess, but ballerina Misty Copeland's most enduring role is that of inspiration. In 2015, they made history as the...
How David Hallberg beat the odds to dance again What happens when you can no longer do what you love? Ballet's David Hallberg found out three years ago, when a torn ligament and surgical complications sidelined them for 2¹/₂...
Ballet dancer saves homeless man pushed onto train tracks Some heroes wear tights. A Big Apple ballet dancer came to the rescue of a homeless man after they were shoved onto the subway tracks at an Upper West Side...
Blake Lively nearly missed the American Ballet Theatre gala “Traffic was so bad coming to Lincoln Center,” a spy said. “Blake was desperate to meet Mark Ryden, their favorite artist, who created the sets.”
Get a dancer's bod with Misty Copeland's high-fat diet It may come as a surprise that ballerina Misty Copeland is a big fan of fat, but for the principal dancer with the American Ballet Theatre, fat is a virtue....
A pair of for-hire drivers were assaulted Sunday morning in The Bronx and Brooklyn – one of them stabbed and the other punched by a passenger – just a day after another driver was shot seven times and nearly killed by a fare, police said.
A 44-year-old livery driver was stabbed in the lower body with a knife around 5 a.m. Sunday by a drunken passenger who was arguing with them over the fare at 1016 Kelly St. in Foxhurst, police said.
The driver was taken by ambulance to Lincoln Hospital and expected to survive.
Right around the same time in Brooklyn, a 57-year-old Uber driver was punched and scratched in the face by a woman who entered their vehicle at a McDonald's parking lot at 2797 Linden Blvd., police said.
The woman demanded the driver take them to Drew and Stanley avenues, but they told them they already had a customer. They flew into a rage and smashed their radio with their fist before punching them in the face, cops said.
They then stole their iPhone 7 and fled on foot.
The driver told cops they recognized them as a regular customer but didn't have enough information about them for cops to make an immediate arrest, police said. The driver was taken to Brookdale Hospital with minor injuries.
Both assaults came one day after livery driver Jeffrey Cisnero Camacho was shot seven times during a robbery in The Bronx.
Camacho, 26, picked up a passenger near the corner of Boston Road and Fish Avenue in Williamsbridge around 12:45 a.m. Saturday, cops said. When they reached the fare's destination on Morrison Avenue near East 172nd Street in Soundview, the man pulled a gun out, cops said.
The crook then opened fire on Camacho, blasting them seven times before taking off with the driver's wallet and $23 in cash, authorities said.
Camacho was taken to Jacobi Medical Center in critical but stable condition.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The council will consult with relatives about memorials to their loved ones
A new charitable fund to pay for memorials to the 22 victims of the Manchester Arena attack, has been announced by Manchester City Council.
The authority said it would complement the existing We Love Manchester Emergency Fund set up for those affected by the 22 May attack.
An advisory group of civic and business leaders is being formed to advise the council on all memorial-related issues.
These will include consultations with the victims' families.
The council said this advisory group will be "crucial in determining the form and location of any permanent commemorations".
Its first meeting will be in early September.
An airline pilot is facing charges in Canada after police say they were found by their co-pilot passed out in the cockpit of a Boeing 737 before it was set to take off.
Calgary police say the gate crew as well as crewmembers on the aircraft indicated that Miroslav Gronych was behaving strangely ahead of their scheduled flight Saturday. Sgt. Paul Stacey says the co-pilot later found the 37-year-old captain “slumped over in the seat” of the airliner.
The pilot was escorted from the plane and charged with having a blood-alcohol level above .08 and controlling an aircraft while impaired. Police allege Gronych had three times the legal amount of alcohol in their system.
Sunwing Airlines calls it “a very unfortunate matter.”
The Mexico-bound plane later took off with another pilot.
$850 Crocs sell out in hours Crocs — the unisex, foam staple favored by grandmothers around the globe — are officially the hottest shoe of the season. Last fall, Balenciaga debuted platform Crocs on its runway....
The fashion world is obsessed with dorky dad shoes If you want to look fresh, try raiding your father's closet. “Dad shoes” — those thick-soled, aggressively awkward sneakers beloved by Jerry Seinfeld, circa 1994 — are currently fashion's hottest,...
For the love of shoes, stop trying to make Crocs happen Balenciaga — whose recent fashion innovations include a $2,000 IKEA-bag rip-off — sent Crocs down the runway of its spring 2018 show this season. The French label put its own...
Who is buying these $190 stuffed animals? That's one pricey plushy. Balenciaga recently launched a line of stuffed animals, among other odds and ends, at the soon-to-be shuttered Parisian boutique Colette. And they're selling like (very chic,...
Would you buy this $185 Prada paperclip? The Internet is cracking up at Prada's new money clip, which is made from sterling silver and available at Barneys. One Twitter user wrote, “By the time I buy the...
This $1,100 shopping bag has already sold out You'll be the most fashionable bag lady in town! Balenciaga, the French luxury fashion house known for its four-figure traditional leather handbags, just unveiled its limited edition $1,100 “shopping bag”...
Men are throwing down hundreds of dollars on sneakers Forget leather loafers and wingtips. Men are spending more on sneakers these days, according to department store Neiman Marcus, which disclosed on an earnings call last week that sneakers account...
Balenciaga's probably pretty pleased with this IKEA bag madness Remember when everyone freaked out over that $2,200 Balenciaga bag that, basically, looked like a luxe riff on IKEA's 99-cent blue plastic “FRAKTA” tote? Now, people are taking a page...
It takes some serious Swedish meatballs to wear this Ikea fashion After Balenciaga unveiled a pricey Ikea-esque blue bag at Men's Fashion Week 2017, artists online started sharing their own Ikea-inspired designs, including purses, face masks, shoes and a thong —...
Israeli media is reporting that police are expected to question Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on a pair of corruption allegations.
A black screen was placed Monday in front of Netanyahu's official residence in apparent anticipation of the police investigators' arrival and to obstruct the view of journalists seeking to film them.
Netanyahu has denied what they call the “baseless” reports that they received gifts from two business people.
Israel's Channel 2 TV has reported that Netanyahu accepted “favors” from business people in Israel and abroad. It said Netanyahu was the central suspect in a second investigation that also involves family members. It said a criminal probe is expected next week.
An opposition lawmaker is also campaigning for Netanyahu to be investigated over suspicions that donors improperly transferred money for their personal use.
RETURNED FIRE: Queensland Minister for Main Roads and Road Safety Mark Bailey has said the federal Member for Wide Bay Llew O'Brien needed to get their facts right in regards to state government funding of regional highways.
UPDATE:
THE Queensland Government has reinforced its claim it is investing in road upgrades by going on the offensive against Federal Member for Wide Bay Llew O'Brien.
Queensland Minister for Main Roads and Road Safety Mark Bailey said Mr O'Brien was incorrect.
"The Member for Wide Bay needs to get their facts right. The Palaszczuk Government has put our 20% on the table for the Bruce Highway and Wide Bay Highway intersection," they said.
"We committed $2.8million in the budget as part of the $14-million project to improve safety and efficiency at the intersection.
"This project is part of the Government's record spend on road and transport infrastructure across the state for the second year in a row, with an investment of around $21billion over the next four years."
Mr Bailey said the funding is part of the $8.5-billion 10-year Bruce Highway Upgrade Program funded by the Federal and State governments to improve safety and reduce serious injuries along the whole stretch of the highway from Cairns to Brisbane.
They said the Bruce Highway Upgrade Cooroy to Curra is one of Queensland's highest priority road projects.
"The $50 million detailed design phase is currently underway for Section D: Woondum to Curra.
"The 26km project will incorporate a new four-lane highway to the east of Gympie, and interchanges at Woondum, Penny Road, Gympie Connection Road and Curra."
Mr Bailey said the timing for construction will be subject to competing priorities and available state funds.
"That competition has become more challenging as a consequence of more than $600 million having been cut from transport funding during the term of the previous LNP government, which also spent more than $30 million of the Department of Transport and Main Roads' budget preparing for asset sales and contestability."
Overview of highway upgrades:
Works between Gympie - Maryborough.
Recently completed works include:
The upgrade of four sites between Glenwood and south of Tiaro, including wide centreline treatment. These were completed in December 2016 and had a budget of $9 million.
The upgrade of a section of highway between Curra Creek and Curra Creek Overflow, including shoulder widening works and upgrading of guardrail and embankments. Works were completed in March 2016 and had a budget of $800,000.
Roadworks currently underway include:
The relocation and extension of an existing northbound overtaking lane south of Bauple - to be completed by mid-2017. These works have a budget of $4.2 million.
A new interchange at Tinana to improve road safety and efficiency is expected to open to traffic in August, weather permitting. These works have a budget of $38 million.
The upgrade of about 6km of highway about 600m north of the Wilsons Road intersection and continuing north recently commenced. Works include wide centreline treatments, overtaking lane improvements and intersection upgrades. These works have a budget of $18.36 million.
Future roadworks include:
The Queensland Government committed $2.8 million in Tuesday's budget to upgrade the Bruce Highway and Wide Bay Highway intersection. The $14 million project will improve safety and efficiency at the intersection. Transport and Main Roads is currently in the process of finalising delivery timeframes.
FIGHTING FOR FUNDING: Federal Member for Wide Bay Llew O'Brien at the Gunalda service station north of Gympie. Renee Albrecht
EARLIER:
FEDERAL member for Wide Bay Llew O'Brien has called for desperately needed funding for Bruce Hwy upgrades between Gympie and Maryborough.
In a speech to Parliament on Tuesday, Mr O'Brien said the reality was safer roads save lives.
"We only need to look at the difference that the half-finished Cooroy to Curra upgrade has made," they said.
The divided four-lane highway protects motorists from head-on collisions.
Once the deadliest section of highway, the half-finished upgrade has so far delivered a fatality-free section of new road.
"But the job is only half done," Mr O'Brien said.
"With the RACQ and the Australian Automobile Association, I am continuing to fight for more construction funding to finish section D, which is the largest section of the project.
"Our push for decentralisation needs to be matched with infrastructure that accommodates growth.
"We cannot leave projects half done. The section D project brings Maryborough, Bundaberg and Gladstone closer to Brisbane.
"At the same time, we need to invest in projects to increase safety and build capacity between Gympie and Maryborough."
Mr O'Brien will meet with Federal Minister for Infrastructure and Transport Darren Chester to discuss funding for the highway upgrade.
"Next Wednesday I am leading a delegation of Wide Bay mayors to meet with Minister Chester.
"We are making a strong case for Section D.
"The government must listen to us."
Throughout their election campaign, they pressed for upgrades to major roads.
They told The Gympie Times they were working to finding funding for the horror stretch of road.
"In that time, work has commenced on new projects including a $4.2 million upgrade between Glenwood and Bauple and $18.36million to improve safety north of Tiaro.
"In the recent Federal Coalition Budget I also secured $11.2 million to fix the intersection of the Wide Bay and Bruce Hwys intersection at Bells Bridge, which the State Labor Government has failed to commit to.
"I have raised the need for construction funding for the Cooroy to Curra Section D project in the media, in the Parliament, in meetings with the AAA and RACQ, and in private meetings with the Federal Minister for Infrastructure and Transport Darren Chester.
"Sections A and B have been completed and Section C is well advanced, so the project is only half finished.
" But Section D is the biggest project and we can't leave the job half done, it must be finished.
"In th 2017 Budget the Coalition Government provided an extra $7.8million towards the Section D detailed design study, which is due to be completed early next year, but there is no funding allocated for construction.
"Funding for infrastructure projects is competitive, so I am making the strongest possible case for Section D to be brought forward."
DENVER — Lawyers for pop star Taylor Swift and the Colorado DJ they accuse of groping them were due to deliver closing arguments on Monday before the federal court jury weighing their sexual assault claims against their assertion that they were wrongfully fired.
The trial stemming from Swift's allegations against radio personality David Mueller headed into its final phase after the 27-year-old singer-songwriter won an important ruling on Friday, which dismissed the DJ's accusation that they wrongfully got them to lose their job.
In this courtroom sketch, pop singer Taylor Swift speaks from the witness stand during a trial, Aug. 10, 2017, in Denver. Jeff Kandyba / AP
The ruling by U.S. District Judge William Martinez left standing Swift's assault and battery countersuit against Mueller, who insisted during the trial that they were falsely accused.
The judge also left intact a single claim by Mueller accusing Swift's mother and another member of their management circle of interfering with their contract, bringing about their ouster from their $150,000-a-year job at radio station KYGO-FM.
Related: Here's Why Taylor Swift Chose to Sue for $1 in Sex Assault Case
The judge previously tossed out Mueller's defamation-of-character claim against Swift, ruling before the trial that the DJ had waiting too long to file a lawsuit on those grounds.
The weeklong trial stems from allegations by the Grammy-winning artist known for such hits as "Fearless" and "I Knew You Were Trouble," that Mueller clutched their bare buttocks during a pre-concert fan reception while they posed together for pictures.
Mueller, 55, initiated the litigation, suing Swift, their mother and their radio station liaison Frank Bell for their termination.
The elder Swift said they wanted Mueller fired, and Bell reported the allegation to KYGO management, who sacked Mueller two days after the incident.
DJ David Mueller speaks during the alleged groping trial with Taylor Swift on August 8, 2017 at the Denver Federal Court in Denver, Colorado. Jeff Kandyba
Swift then countersued, saying in their lawsuit that raising the issue of sexual assault “will serve as an example to other women who may resist publicly reliving similar outrageous and humiliating acts.”
During their trial testimony, Mueller denied having touched Swift inappropriately and said the false allegation cost them their career.
“It's a humiliating experience to be accused of something that despicable,” they said.
When Swift took the stand, they testified that Mueller put their hand under their skirt and “latched onto my bare ass cheek,” causing them to lurch away from him.
A photograph of the incident, shown repeatedly during the trial, depicts Swift flanked by Mueller and their then-girlfriend Shannon Melcher. Mueller's right hand is concealed behind Swift's backside, and they appear to be leaning away.
Melcher testified that they did not see anything untoward during the encounter, but added, “I don't have eyes in the back of my head.”
Swift is asking for a symbolic $1 in damages, but that does not limit what the eight-member jury could award them should they prevail.
“For this reason, any recovery obtained by Ms. Swift will be donated to charitable organizations dedicated to protecting women from similar acts of sexual assault and personal disregard,” the countersuit said.
If Mueller prevails on their claim against Andrea Swift and Bell, any damages would be limited to their two-year contract with the radio station, the judge has ruled.
SAN DIEGO — No matter which political party they hail from, immigration “solutions” usually come in three varieties: half-baked, hateful and hideous.
You'll find all of the above as Americans from across the fruited plain refuse to let their ignorance about the issue stop them from putting in their 2 cents about how to solve the crisis at hand: wanton separation of families at the U.S.-Mexico border.
People also have lots to say about the bigger issue — how to secure the border, legalize the undocumented, provide a workforce to do jobs that Americans think are beneath them, etc. Everyone is an engineer, convinced that their plan is best.
A reader asked: “What are your ideas regarding this issue?” Another demanded to know: “TALK IS CHEAP, doesn't cost a [expletive] thing. What is your fix to ILLEGAL immigration?” Another said: “I would find it helpful to read your thoughts on how to handle the situation at our border.”
Get editorials, opinion columns, letters to the editor and more in your inbox weekday mornings. Sign up for the Opinion newsletter.
I am often asked for my own solution, and I hate it. While it's true that my vision is clearer than most because I'm not beholden to either political party, my ideas are no more valuable than anyone else's. Besides, I'm not selling anything. My goal is to get you to think about what you support or oppose.
Sure, I have a 20-point plan to fix our immigration system. Doesn't everyone? Ideas, we have plenty of.
What we need is honesty. The immigration debate is broken because it is mired in lies — from the right, left and center. If we don't talk straight about how we got here, we'll never create the immigration system that our country deserves.
To get there, Americans will need to:
— Keep refugee families together and give them hearings even if it ultimately means deporting the entire family unit;
— Reform legal immigration not by giving a leg up to the skilled and educated but by tying it more closely to labor needs;
— Limit the family reunification policy to the spouse, children, parents and siblings of a U.S. citizen;
— Resist nativist attempts to cut legal immigration and instead increase it from about 1 million annually to 3 million — which is still less than 1 percent of the total U.S. population;
— Apply asylum laws equally so that brown-skinned refugees from Honduras have the same shot as light-skinned refugees from Syria;
— Secure the border not with a 12th-century wall but with cutting-edge surveillance equipment, tunnel detection and improved roads;
— Deploy National Guard troops to the U.S.-Mexico border sparingly, and only to support Border Patrol agents;
— Continue to deport those in the country illegally but preserve discretion to allow some of the undocumented to stay;
— Create a path to earned legal status (not U.S. citizenship) for illegal immigrants who have lived here for at least 10 years and pass background checks;
— Give permanent legal status to the estimated 700,000 recipients of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) in exchange for one year of community service;
— Ban benefits for legalized immigrants and their children (no welfare, food stamps, subsidized housing, etc.);
— Allow the legalized to become U.S. citizens, as long as they put in the effort and the process isn't automatic;
— Scrap unlawful quotas that require immigration agents to deport about 400,000 illegal immigrants annually;
— Stop counterproductive efforts to deputize local police to enforce federal immigration law;
— Create a tamper-proof identification card for all Americans to carry so employers know who is eligible to work;
— Eliminate the exemption in E-Verify that applies to the No. 1 employer of illegal immigrants: the American household;
— Repair the 1986 Immigration Reform and Control Act, which bars employers from “knowingly” hiring illegal immigrants, by removing the word “knowingly”;
— Create a “three strikes” law for employers of illegal immigrants: First offense, a warning; second, a $10,000 fine; third, five days in jail;
— Invest in Mexican states that send immigrants by using tax incentives to encourage U.S. companies to create jobs there so fewer people come here;
— Parent better by giving our kids chores, requiring after-school and summer jobs, and creating a work ethic so they take jobs from illegal immigrants.
Oregon State's Ethan Thompson, right, and California's Kingsley Okoroh 22) reach for a loose ball in the first half of an NCAA college basketball game Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Berkeley, Calif.
After high school, the twins shifted their priorities to focus on forging an independent music career that led to successful songs like "Walking with a Ghost" and "Back in Your Head" in the mid-2000s.
It wasn't until years later, after the election of former U.S. president Barack Obama, that Quin believes they were "re-invigorated around queer politics." They saw awareness of LGBTQ rights in the mainstream dominated almost entirely by the conversation over marriage equality in the United States.
"I worried that once that was secured no one would pay attention to all the other issues — and that's exactly what happened," they said.
Producing a mainstream pop album offered the sisters an opportunity to use the platform as a bullhorn for queer issues and LGBTQ causes that didn't have as flashy of a narrative as marriage.
While their identities didn't play an overt role in lush pop hits like 2013's "Closer" and "I Was a Fool," suddenly they were thrust into the conversation about queer identity — an opportunity they took on wholeheartedly.
"We can't judge everyone else for letting go of the fight, we have to keep promoting the fight," Quin said.
"It's not a phase, it's just part of my life."
After U.S. President Donald Trump was elected in 2016, they created the Tegan and Sara Foundation to raise money for various LGBTQ issues and organizations. Right now, they're focused on gathering donations to help send 100 kids to LGBTQ summer camps in the U.S. and Canada.
But despite the duo's activism, they've yet to write any songs with an overt political bent — whether it's about Trump or Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
"I'm not envious of people putting out albums right now because there is such a desire to be political," Quin said.
"I don't feel like writing political music because my life is so political. Music is where I go to retreat, not to go deeper into the hellhole I see around me all the time."
While Tegan and Sara have plenty of opinions about Trump, some which they shared when they launched the LGBTQ foundation, Quin said they believe too much attention is being dedicated to blaming the president for bigger social problems.
"To me it's not really about them — it's about humanity and what they bring out," they said.
These days, Quin and their sister are feeling nostalgic for another time. They're working on a memoir that will reflect on memories of growing up in the 1990s, before they embarked on serious music careers.
"Our childhood wasn't always easy," Quin said, "but there was something extremely cool about the time we came up in — the music, culture and specifically the group of people we were involved with."
They hope to pair the book with a podcast that incorporates music — though it won't be new songs from Tegan and Sara, Quin promises.
The sisters are on a songwriting break, at least for now, they added.
The hope is that'll give them both enough time to focus on charity work as they plow into uncharted territory for LGBTQ musicians.
"I love our career," they said. "We are in our own lane."
Follow @dfriend on Twitter.
By David Friend, The Canadian Press
Nicolas Sarkozy enjoys hotel pool with family, minus wife Carla Bruni "Carla was not in tow, but some of their children were at the pool," a source said.
Beverly Hills Hotel protest ends The boycott of the Beverly Hills Hotel and the other Dorchester Group hotels owned by the Sultan of Brunei has ended — with a whimper.
Beverly Hills Hotel's 'Poolside Prince' now homeless and asking for help Svend Petersen, 86, worked at the luxe hotel for 40 years serving stars like Marilyn Monroe, Cary Grant and Katherine Hepburn.
Beverly Hills Hotel boycott officially over Hotel VIPs have largely forgotten about a boycott over gay rights.
Sean Penn couldn't keep their mouth shut about El Chapo The actor turned the Beverly Hills Hotel's famed Polo Lounge into a “war room” for strategizing how to handle their El Chapo controversy.
Beverly Hills Hotel trying to lure in celebs despite boycott One server confided the hotel hasn't been the same since the boycott: “I miss Steven Spielberg. They used to always come in for breakfast, but that was before.”
Place your order here: http://tmaisd.operations.ttu.edu/ Order Confirmation will be sent by email. If you have any Questions Call 742-4OPS (4677) or email Maria Rosales at maria.rosales@ttu.edu
The pots of Spring Mix Annuals & Perennials are in a 10” garden dish.
Price is $25.00 per pot. Make payments payable to ‘Texas Tech University' and please include 8.25% sales tax onto the $25.00 ($27.06 w/ tax). Hand-deliver payment to the Physical Plant Room 103, or send to Mail Stop 3144. Lubbock campus delivery. Pickups available upon request.
No Exchanges. ALL SALES FINAL!
Maintenance not included
Departmental Orders are charged to local accounts through FOAP.
Last Day to Order: May 2, 2017
Orders must be paid by: May 4, 2017
Deliveries Scheduled for: May 11, 2017
Retiring DJ Avicii is selling their Stockholm bachelor pad Tim Bergling — the Swede better known internationally as top DJ Avicii — is changing their tune in more ways than one. The Stockholm-born sensation this week announced a retirement...
Avicii says 2016 tour will be their last The famed DJ says they yearn for "for the life of a real person behind the artist."
New Jason Aldean album bro's with the flow Album of the Week Jason Aldean “Old Boots, New Dirt” ★★ People call the stuff dominating Nashville right now “bro-country” not just because its songs tend to be retrograde toward...
Calvin Harris tops list of best-paid DJs with $66M Unless you live in a country-music bubble, you know electronic dance music is big — billions of dollars big. The recent list of the highest-earning DJs is just as eye-popping....
No mass overdoses at Avicii concert with medics on hand An army of cops and medics converged on the Barclay Center for Saturday night's Avicii concert — but there was no repeat of the mass drug overdoses at the Swedish...
NYE playlists that are surefire floor-burners As we say goodbye to 2013, pay tribute one more time to the best songs of the year: We've put together the ultimate set of year-end playlists for any New...
The top 10 songs on Shazam in 2013 It seems like just yesterday that when you didn't know the name of the song playing, you were screwed. Now, thanks to the app Shazam, identifying a track is as...
Congress may have just put a two-week long band-aid onto government spending, but they left out one big program: children's health care.
The continuing resolution signed by President Donald Trump Friday keeps the federal government funded until December 22. And while Republican leaders in Congress praised a provision that acknowledges some states are about to run out of Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) money, it does not fund the CHIP program for 2018.
It simply calls on the Health and Human Services Department to re-allocate any remaining funds to the most desperate states.
"The short-term funding agreement to fund the government until Dec. 22 only includes a patchwork measure to provide funding to a handful of states," the American Academy of Pediatrics said in a statement.
HHS was unable to immediately answer questions about which states might get money re-allocated, or how much.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed GOP: Obamacare cuts for Children's health care funding. 4:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
CHIP pays for health care for more than 9 million kids across the country. It's a joint state-federal plan, part of the Medicare and Medicaid family of government health insurance.
Congress let federal CHIP funding expire on Sept. 30 and the program's future has been in jeopardy since then.
“There is going to be a growing panic among the patient population about how do we get care,” said Larry Robins, who chairs the board of the National Association of Free and Charitable Clinics.
Related: Millions of kids may lose health insurance
“We are caught in the middle of a horrific political vicious cycle.”
CHIP isn't controversial. Republicans and Democrats alike generally support the program, which makes sure children get health care if their parents are poor and even if their parents are not covered by any other insurance, including Medicaid.
What is controversial is whether to offset paying for CHIP with cuts elsewhere in government spending, and there's also debate over whether funding should be guaranteed for a couple of years, or for longer.
CHIP's 2017 budget was $16.6 billion. The current federal budget has slashed it to $12 billion, but Congress has to allocate that funding.
As the issue keeps getting put off, states are starting to worry about how to pay for their CHIP programs. Arizona, California, Connecticut, Hawaii, Idaho, Mississippi, Nevada, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Utah were on track to run out of funding by the end of the year, according to the American Academy of Pediatrics.
And parents are starting to worry about how to take care of their kids.
“One of my patients has asthma,” said Dr. Lanre Falusi, a Washington, D.C. area pediatrician who is also a spokesperson for the American Academy of Pediatrics.
“Her mom, after hearing all this about CHIP funding going away, said ‘Can you write me a prescription for asthma medications for a whole year just in case we don't have insurance',” Falusi said.
“The way that prescriptions go, I can't actually prescribe a whole year's worth.  They are trying to plan for their child being uninsured and trying to stockpile medications for a whole year.”
Robins, who is CEO of the nonprofit PediPlace clinic network in the Dallas area, said clinics like theirs have already started getting calls from worried parents.
“Preventive care will suddenly go on hold,” they predicted.
“We as a clinic have a hard enough time convincing families that preventive care is important and (that) yes, you need to bring your child into a clinic when they are not sick. Families are afraid they are going to be asked for dollars they do not have.”
Related: New health bill adds sweeteners for Alaska
While missing a checkup or two may not be an issue for a healthy adult, it can be a matter of life or death for a child, said Falusi.
They recall the case of a two-year-old girl they'd been seeing since birth at a low-cost clinic in 2014.
The little girl, usually with their hair carefully done up in pigtails, seemed healthy. “She had been doing OK. There were no red flags,” Falusi recalls.
“We did a typical anemia screening. In that there were several things that were abnormal and after a couple of more tests we actually found out that the child had leukemia.”
Thanks to CHIP, the child got into treatment quickly and is doing all right now, Falusi said. But a missed appointment like that could have been fatal.
And they and Robins both predict that without CHIP, many families will stop bringing their kids in for care.
“I have seen families delay their well visits, including vaccines, because they have let their insurance lapse for a few months,” Falusi said.
Missing a lead screening could mean the missed opportunity to clean up a child's home or water supply, and lead poisoning can cause irreversible brain damage.
“Preventive care will suddenly go on hold.”
“We see issues like chronic abdominal pain, poor concentration in school, behavior problems, aggression, poor grades,” Falusi said.
“There's a huge domino effect here. Playing politics and kicking the can down the road…will surely have long term health adverse outcomes for these kids.”
Related: Rural health care in doubt if Medicaid gets cut
Plus, free and low-cost clinics rely on patients who have health insurance to subsidize those who do not.
“Our safety nets are not bottomless,” Falusi said.
“We do our best to see everyone who came in but it takes a couple of paying patients to take care of a child who is uninsured,” they added.
“These clinics are going to be strapped. People are going to be waiting.”
They may even be turned away, Robins said.
“We are going to take care of them to the extent that we have the financial resources to take care of you,” they said. But staff must be paid and care costs money.
Patients will end up going to emergency rooms, they predicted.
“Now you are putting the burden on medical systems that have their own issues,” Robins said. And an ER filled up with patients who should have been cared for earlier, or elsewhere, will be less able to care for patients who really need emergency help.
Cold-blooded cop killer Herman Bell is “excited” about their imminent release from prison, they said Tuesday.
“I feel good, yes I'm excited,” they exclusively told The Post at Shawangunk Correctional Facility in Wallkill, NY.
Bell is scheduled to walk free Friday after a judge last week rejected an appeal for a parole do-over from the widow of one of their victims.
The 70-year-old — one of three Black Liberation Army members who lured Officers Joseph Piagentini and Waverly Jones into an ambush with a bogus 911 call in 1971 and then opened fire — refused to sit or say much more as they met with a Post reporter in the lock-up's visiting area.
Sporting neatly trimmed hair and a clear complexion, Bell looked remarkably strong and healthy after more than 40 years behind bars.
“I'm doing good,” they finally said after staring out the window for a length of time.
But lawyers for the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association say they should keep their excitement in check — they plan on filing another appeal Wednesday.
“We are seeking a temporary restraining order that, if granted, will keep Bell in prison during the appeal, for as long as it takes, until there's a decision,” said spokesperson Al O'Leary.
Bell, who killed Piagentini with their own service weapon as the wounded cop begged for their life, claimed for years that they are a “political prisoner” who was framed.
They finally confessed in 2012, and this year, in their eighth parole board appearance, claimed they are now a “peaceful” man you would want “to be your friend.”
They successfully convinced a majority, two out of three of Gov. Andrew Cuomo-appointed board members, to grant their release.
The decision outraged members of the law enforcement community and Piagentini's widow, who fought the decision in court with the help of the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
But a judge ultimately ruled that the board had followed all protocols in reaching its ruling, and set their release for 5 p.m. April 27.
1 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Geoff Toovey reiterated that their Bradford Bulls future has yet to be decided.
The former Manly Sea Eagles chief has yet to commit their future to the Bulls beyond the end of the season, having hastily agreed to coach the club during 2017.
Bradford, who moved off zero points on Sunday with a victory over Oldham Roughyeds, have already been relegated to League 1 after failing to overturn the 12 point penalty issued after the previous entity of the club was liquidated.
In the new edition of League Express, Toovey discussed the Bulls' plans moving forward, however they admitted those plans may not involve them at the helm.
When asked if their future was sorted, Toovey said: “Not at this stage.
“I'm really committed to this year and I was hoping we could get off the bottom where we were situated but that hasn't been the case. It has been an enjoyable year and like the players I am looking to finish on a high, but I don't know exactly where or what I'll be doing this year.”
Buy League Express today to discover the outcome of a meeting held between the club's players and co-owner Andrew Chalmers. League Express is in stores and available now online at totalrl.com/le.
Fruitcake is known to stay fresh for an inordinate amount of time.
But Antarctic conservators say they recently came upon a specimen that tests the limits of the treat: a 106-year-old cake, found in one of Antarctica's first buildings.
This particular cake is believed to have been brought over in 1910 during the Terra Nova expedition of Robert Falcon Scott. According to the Antarctic Heritage Trust, "it has been documented that Scott took this particular brand of cake with them at that time."
The Huntley & Palmers fruitcake was wrapped in paper and housed in a tin-plated iron alloy tin, which is showing signs of deterioration. However, the cake itself is "well-preserved," the conservators say.
"There was a very, very slight rancid butter smell to it, but other than that, the cake looked and smelled edible!" the Trust's Programme Manager-Artefacts Lizzie Meek said in a statement. "There is no doubt that the extreme cold in Antarctica has assisted its preservation."
The century-old dessert was found with nearly 1,500 other artifacts from two huts at Cape Adare.
According to the Trust, the first buildings on the continent "were built by Norwegian Carsten Borchgrevink's expedition in 1899 and later used by Captain Scott's party in 1911." Meek says the team members were finishing up their work collecting objects when they were surprised to find the old dessert.
They add that even present day explorers love a good fruitcake: "It's ideal high-energy food for Antarctic conditions, and is still a favorite item on modern day trips to the ice."
The cake's sheer density probably helps. As NPR's Maria Godoy has reported, people doing outdoor work in the Antarctic need about 5,000 calories a day — and more like 6,500 if you're involved in manhauling, which is "pulling sleds across the ice and snow with their bodies."
Maria writes that there's one clear lesson that Antarctic explorers have learned over the years: "When life is stripped down to man versus the most brutal elements, bring plenty of snacks."
This is something Scott's team knew — in fact, Maria says that "his party conducted a study that suggested a high-carb, high-fat diet to be optimal for the harsh climes."
But tragically, explorers on Antarctic expeditions were often hungry. Scott themselves starved to death while on the return journey from the South Pole.
The objects recovered from Cape Adare — including a watercolor painting of a Tree Creeper bird by scientist Edward Wilson — are undergoing conservation treatment and will be returned there, because the huts are deemed an Antarctic Specially Protected Area. That will happen after restoration work is finished on the buildings themselves.
Image copyright Alamy
Humans tend towards pessimism when it comes to observing the world around them, research indicates.
A recent Ipsos Mori survey suggests we frequently think things are worse than they are, from murder rates to the prevalence of diabetes. But very often our perceptions don't align with reality.
Here are eight things Britons are less likely to die of today than only a few decades ago - although in many cases improvements have slowed in recent years, and modern life has brought new problems too.
1. Winter
More people die in winter than in summer because of cold weather and higher rates of infectious illnesses such as flu.
But the difference between the number of people dying in winter compared with summer has fallen since the 1970s, when it averaged more than 40,000 extra deaths.
By 2015-16, there were fewer than 25,000 excess deaths a year in winter compared with in summer.
Much of this is because of general improvements in health, but our homes are also better heated and insulated now.
These days almost all homes have some form of double glazing but in the early 1970s fewer than 8% did, according to The Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government.
Image copyright Getty Images
Despite an overall downward trend in winter deaths, there are significant fluctuations year-on-year. That can be because of a particularly cold winter or bad flu strain.
The highest number of excess winter deaths in recent times was in 1999-2000.
"The main strain of flu that year affected older people more than the young, which likely contributed to the high number of winter deaths," says Dr Annie Campbell, from the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Similarly, in 2014-15 the flu jab turned out to be less effective than usual in protecting people against the strain in circulation that winter.
To allow for some of these natural variations, the ONS also produces a five-year average each year.
It's too soon to say how this winter's flu season and reported pressures on the NHS will affect the picture - the ONS does publish figures on how many deaths have been registered each week, showing there were more death registrations in the week beginning 12 January 2018 than any single week since January 2015.
But if you look at the whole winter period so far, figures from Public Health England suggest that there have been fewer excess deaths among the over-65s than the year before, or in 2014-15 when the strain of flu used in vaccines turned out not to be as good a match as usual to the main strain circulating that winter.
2. The workplace
There has been a big drop in fatal injuries at work since 1981.
Before then, not all industries were required to report workplace injuries, so the data is patchy. But in the industries that did have to report, deaths fell sharply in the 1970s too.
In the year 1986-87 there were 407 fatal accidents in workplaces around Britain. Three decades later the figure had fallen by two-thirds.
The size of the workforce has increased a lot in that time, so if we look at the death rate per 100,000 workers, the improvement is even greater.
This is largely because of Britain's transformation from an industrial economy to a service-based one. Clearly people working in factories and heavy industry are more at risk of fatal accidents than office workers.
Coal mining and steel used to be big killers but now employ very few people in the UK. On 2 February it was announced that Eggborough power station in Yorkshire is to close, leaving only a handful of coal-fired stations in the UK.
Image copyright PA Image caption 1972: A pit official at Sutton Colliery in Nottinghamshire
But these days the figures may be underreported, says Noel Whiteside, a public policy expert at the University of Warwick.
The number of self-employed people is rising rapidly, making incidents harder to track. If a contractor is killed in a car crash on the way to a job, or has a heart attack while working from home, that would not count as a death in the workplace, they point out.
There are other reasons to temper optimism with caution.
Although workplaces are safer now, people generally work longer hours, and it is hard to measure the effects of health problems brought about by overwork. "I don't think white-collar work was nearly as stressful 40 years ago," Whiteside says.
Improvements in general health levels are one reason for a decline in workplace deaths, but "there are some signs in the last two years that life expectancy has started to fall," says Whiteside.
3. Infancy
The death of a baby is far rarer than it used to be. In 1900, one in every six babies died before their first birthday. In 2015, it was one in 270.
In 1964 the mode age of death was zero, meaning more people died at age zero than at any other age. The most common age at death is now 85 for men and 88 for women.
In more recent decades, infant mortality has continued to fall sharply. The prevalence of stillbirth has also plummeted.
One key reason is that levels of smoking and drinking alcohol during pregnancy and early motherhood - big risk factors - have fallen sharply.
Image copyright Anne Diamond Image caption After losing their son to cot death, TV presenter Anne Diamond fronted the Back to Sleep campaign, credited with drastically reducing sudden infant deaths in the UK
Sudden infant death syndrome, or "cot death", has become much rarer since the 1980s.
This is largely attributed to the Back to Sleep campaign, which launched in 1991 and recommended that parents didn't share a bed with their babies, and put them on their backs.
In 2016, twins were born in Glasgow after only 23 weeks - the average pregnancy is 38 weeks. Nine months later, the babies were in good health.
"If the girls had been born just two years ago, they wouldn't have survived - that's how fast medical technology is advancing," a doctor told the mother.
But progress has slowed since the Millennium, and the UK has worse rates of infant mortality than France, Ireland and Germany.
There are also big inequalities - babies born to low-income mothers are much more at risk.
4. Britain's roads
A third as many people died on Britain's roads in 2016 as did in the early 1980s. We drive more now, so the improvement in road safety is even more dramatic than the graph suggests.
Although all new cars have had to be fitted with seat belts since 1966, wearing them became compulsory in the front seat only in 1983, and in the back in 1991. These legal changes were accompanied by hard-hitting advertising campaigns, which helped change cultural attitudes.
Image copyright PA Image caption 1973: Drummer Keith Moon takes part in a road safety campaign in south London
Drink-driving has become easier to measure and more harshly punished, and as with seat belts, social attitudes have changed. Four-fifths of British adults agree that "if someone has drunk any alcohol they should not drive".
Cars themselves are also safer, with crumple zones and airbags. Road engineering is constantly evolving and improving: dangerous junctions get redesigned, speed bumps and cameras slow drivers down. People drive more slowly now, with limits robustly enforced.
Over the past few years improvements in the death rate have slowed, and even reversed slightly in some years. But the long-term picture is clear: Britain's roads are far safer than they were.
5. Drowning
Since the early 1980s, there has been a sizeable reduction in deaths from accidental drowning.
This is largely down to general improvements in safety around inland waters such as lakes and rivers, and better search-and-rescue responses at sea.
Disasters such as the 1989 Marchioness boat collision on the Thames, which killed 51 people, and the 1993 Lyme Bay canoeing tragedy helped strengthen regulation.
More recently, big floods in 2007 led to search-and-rescue systems being reviewed.
Better safety measures in public swimming pools have also led to a reduction in deaths, from about 50 a year in the late 1970s.
These days incidences of drowning in local swimming pools are vanishingly rare, despite the fact that more people use them.
However, the way data is collected has changed over time, making it difficult to make direct comparisons.
6. Cardiovascular disease
Cardiovascular disease- both heart disease and strokes - is still one of the biggest killers in the UK. But fewer people are dying from it than they were 50 years ago, partly because of better diagnosis and treatment.
The introduction of a technique known as percutaneous coronary intervention to treat heart attacks - by widening the arteries using a small tube called a stent - has also improved survival rates.
The growing use of cholesterol-lowering statins from the mid-1990s onwards led to gradual improvements in mortality.
However, big improvements were seen before many of these medical interventions were introduced, mainly driven by a better understanding of the impact of lifestyle factors such as diet and exercise on our health.
In particular, people began smoking less and eating less saturated fat - though some of these gains have begun to be offset by a rise in obesity.
In 1971, heart disease caused most deaths in the UK, killing about 330,000 people. By 2015, this had fallen to just under 160,000, about a quarter of all deaths.
Despite improvements, heart disease still kills more men and women in England and Wales than any other disease except dementia and - while treatment has improved the chance of survival - more people are now living with heart failure and its effects.
Life expectancy has increased by 13 years since the foundation of the NHS, which is something to celebrate - but an ageing population is bringing new pressures.
7. Smogs
The big killer smogs that plague cities such as Delhi and Beijing are a thing of the past in Britain.
In previous decades, though, it was not uncommon for smogs to kill several hundred people in only a few days.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption London's December 1952 "pea-souper" smog contributed to thousands of deaths
Households and factories used to burn a lot more coal - and in certain atmospheric conditions, the dirty air would not disperse, says Peter Brimblecoomb, whose book The Big Smoke looks at London smogs between the 1870s and 1970s.
The worst in recent memory was London's "pea-souper" of December 1952, which contributed to the deaths of an estimated 4,000 people.
"The smoke-like pollution was so toxic, it was even reported to have choked cows to death in the fields," according to the Met Office.
"In the Isle of Dogs area, the fog there was so thick people could not see their feet."
In response, the government passed the Clean Air Act in 1956, which reduced the use of smoky fuels, and other laws followed.
We burn far less coal these days. (The unusually low 1984 figure was because of that year's miners' strike.)
Coal's role in generating electricity has been replaced by cleaner forms of energy - natural gas, nuclear power, and more recently, renewable sources.
In June 2017, for the first time, wind, nuclear and solar power generated more UK power than gas and coal combined.
Image copyright OLI SCARFF/AFP/Getty Images Image caption The Kellingley Colliery in Yorkshire shut down in December 2015
There were smaller deadly smogs in 1991, 2003 and 2014, points out Gary Fuller, an academic at King's College London.
However, long-term exposure to everyday air pollution term has greater impact than short smogs - and the death rate for this might not be falling, says Anna Hansell, of Imperial College London.
They say that while the overall levels of air pollutants have decreased, the pollutants are more toxic.
8. Lung cancer
Lung cancer deaths have fallen by more than 20% since the early 1970s, almost entirely because fewer people smoke.
Unlike most cancers, five and 10-year survival rates for lung cancer have barely improved since the early 1970s.
Instead, falling deaths rates are down to fewer people getting the disease in the first place.
However, there are significant gender differences.
Between the early 1970s and the 1980s, smoking prevalence fell among men and increased among women, and this trend is now reflected in today's mortality rates.
While the death rate among men has fallen by more than half since 1980, it has actually increased among women, as more in their 60s and older are dying of lung cancer.
Recent NHS figures suggest that 80% of deaths from trachea, lung and bronchus cancer were attributed to smoking.
And the dramatic fall in the number of smokers is chiefly because of fewer people starting in the first place, rather than existing smokers quitting.
Smoking rates really started falling only with the deaths of those in the generation who became adults before public campaigning around the dangers of smoking gathered pace.
You can see this reflected in deaths from lung cancer now, as rates have significantly decreased overall but have increased in the over-80s, who are more likely to have smoked.
Summer is coming to an end, which means we're on the verge of sealing ourselves into our respective homes for winter - that time when all our bills go up because we're so concerned with silly things like 'staying warm and comfortable'. Nobody likes paying their bills, so it's well worth investing in some stuff that can make you less dependent on the national grid.
While th the best ways of keeping the heating off are to wrap up warm and invest in multiple layers of clothing, we're talking about gadgets and tech that can make your improvement your power usage. That includes making your radiators more efficient, keeping tabs on the power you're using and more. Let's take a look.
Solar Phone Charger, £12
Plugging your phone into the mains doesn't cost very much. In fact past estimates claim that the total cost of the power they actually use is less than £1 a year. But obviously that adds up when you consider all the different smart devices in your house. If you want to take your stuff off the grid whenever possible, a solar-powered charger might be one way to go. It's not the most efficient way to try and save money, but with a 15,000 mAh battery back-up and two USB ports, you can leave this charging up and use it when needed. [Buy it here]
24 Hour Plug In Timer (2 Pack), £8.49
Sometimes going old school is the best thing to do. If you want to control the amount of time specific devices are in use, whatever they may be, the best way to control that is with this analogue timer. Each button around the outside of the dial represents 15 minutes, all covering a full 24 hours - much like the ones found on boilers. With those you can programme specific times when power is or isn't going to your appliance. And because it's analogue it doesn't actually require much in the way of extra power. [Buy it here]
Nest Learning Thermostat (3rd Gen), from £198
A smart thermostat is a great way to keep control of the heating, regardless of whether you're in the house or not. With energy prices consistently rising above 'rip-off' prices, that's a good thing. Nest lets you set up an automatic schedule, learning from you and programming itself based on your habits. It also allows separate control for the hot water tank, an automatic switch off when you leave the house, and more. There's also integration with Amazon Alexa and Google Home, plus remote control from a smartphone app.
You can also buy a Nest thermostat directly from Nest, and while it costs £279 you do get professional installation thrown in. [Buy it here]
Netatmo Smart Thermostat, £130
If you want something a little cheaper, there's always the Netatmo smart thermostat. It has an e-ink display (which uses less power than Nest's LCD), integration with Amazon's Alexa and Siri, a smartphone app (Android, iOS, and Windows), remote controls, easy installation, auto-care (that informs you of any problems), and auto-adapt that learns from you and programmes itself. [Buy it here]
geo Minim Electricity Energy Monitor, £35
If your energy provider hasn't gifted you with a smart meter, you might want a device to keep tabs on all your energy usage. This monitor does much the same thing as a smart meter, letting you see how much power you're using in real time - displayed in CO2 emissions, kWh, and (most importantly) GBP. It's easy to install, and it keeps a history of your usage so you can see where your money is being drained. [Buy it here]
Smart Bulbs
LED bulbs are not uncommon these days, and they don't exactly cost the earth anymore. They're a worthy investment, especially as the days get shorter, but smartening them up can help you control your usage by controlling the bulbs. A lot of smart bulbs tend to be quite pricey, since you need to set up a whole complex smart home hub system to get them working, but not these.
Ikea's Trådfri bulbs cost £9-£15 on their own, and can be used as regular bulbs or in conjunction with other bits and pieces. A remote control (£15) is worth purchasing for obvious reasons, but you can also buy kits that include motion sensors, dimmer switches, and so on. You can buy a hub if you'd prefer, which lets you control the bulbs from your phone rather than relying on a remote control you're going to lose down the back of the sofa.
Elgato's Avea bulbs are more expensive with each bulb costing just under £30 each. The upside is that each one is compatible with smartphones and tablets, without the need for any extra hubs or remote controls. They connect to your device via Bluetooth, and even come with alternating colours and modes to match how you're feeling - one of which is the wake-up mode that mimics the rising run.
Pulse Eco Showerhead, £28.50
If your house has a water meter (which I assume it does), everything you can do to save water is saving you pennies. One of the bigger water users is the shower, and the Pulse Eco Showerhead can make yours more efficient - even if you have an electric or low-pressure shower. By pulsing the water every 30-40 seconds, it promises to save up to 60% more water, but without you feeling much difference in terms of water flow. [Buy it here]
SuperFOIL Radiator Foil Insulation, £11.15
I'd wager a good 99.something per cent of people heat their homes with radiators, which seems to work rather well for the most part. The problem is that radiators are bolted to the wall, which means a decent chunk of the heat they produce is getting blasted in the wrong direction. Sort that out with this foil insulation that goes behind each radiator, and reflects the heat back into the room it's supposed to be in. You can use scissors to cut this stuff up as well, so it's easy to make sure it's the right length for your own radiators. [Buy it here]
Automatic Radiator Bleeders, £8.20
Every sensible radiator owner knows that they need to be bled every so often, to pull out any air bubbles that interfere with the normal heating duties. If that's too much of a chore, you can use one of these automatic bleeders to do everything for you. Installation is easy, and it means you can continue to be lazy without sacrificing the efficiency of your home. [Buy it here]
Black & Decker TLD100 Thermal Leak Detector, £27
Not one for the layperson, but if you're having trouble detecting draughts in your house then you might want to give it a try. It works with warm and cold draughts (not that you'll really need the former in this country), shining a red or blue light when it detects one. The temperature range is customisable, and lets you find any dodgy areas so you can patch it up (or pay someone to do it for you). As I said this isn't for everyone, but if you want to make sure your home is nice and sealed up then this something you can use to make it happen. [Buy it here]
Phillips HD464 Eco Kettle, £25
Last, but obviously not least, is this eco kettle from Phillips - because we do love the kettle in this country. This one is a low-cost option with a concealed heating element, which prevents limescale build-up (if that affects you) and means you don't have to boil excess water if you're only making a single brew. It holds 1.7 litres in total, has a double action filter, and most importantly heats your water quickly. Phillips estimates that it'll use around 66 per cent less power than a standard kettle, and for this price that's a nice deal. [Buy it here]
Video shows fatal Blue Angels jet crash The harrowing moment a Blue Angels jet crashed in Tennessee was reportedly captured in a video that surfaced online on Tuesday. The footage allegedly shows the final moments of the pilot,...
Army skydiver dies after midair collision with another jumper CHICAGO — A US Army skydiver who had served five tours of duty in Iraq and Afghanistan died Sunday from injuries suffered in a midair collision with another jumper during...
The latest BBC Agatha Christie adaptation, which was pulled from the Christmas schedules following allegations against actor Ed Westwick, will now begin on Easter Sunday
The BBC's latest Agatha Christie adaptation Ordeal by Innocence is set to air on Easter Sunday on BBC1.
Advertisement
The drama was pulled from the Christmas schedules last year after allegations of sexual assault were made against actor Westwick in November. Westwick strenuously denies the allegations.
Producers Mammoth Screen re-shot the series with actor Christian Cooke replacing Westwick, and now the three-part adaptation will begin on Easter Sunday on BBC1, Radio Times can confirm.
In the new issue of Radio Times, producer Damian Timmer and director Sandra Goldbacher explained the decision to recast the role, saying it was the only way to save “hundreds and hundreds of people's work”.
Advertisement
The drama follows recent Agatha Christie BBC adaptations And Then There Were None (2015) and The Witness For The Prosecution (2016).
Queer Eye's Fab Five Previews What They're Up To in Season 2: WATCH
NASHVILLE RALLY. Trump ratches up the rhetoric: ‘Tuesday's comments about MS-13 come after Trump faced backlash for calling some immigrants “animals” earlier this month, saying, “We have people coming into the country, or trying to come in — and we're stopping a lot of them — but we're taking people out of the country. You wouldn't believe how bad these people are. These aren't people. These are animals.”'
NEW MEXICO. Transgender woman who was part of migrant caravan dies in ICE custody: “Roxsana Hernandez, 33, died in the custody of US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) at a hospital in Albuquerque, New Mexico. They had been taken to another hospital in New Mexico more than a week earlier with symptoms of pneumonia, dehydration, and complications associated with HIV.”
ELIZABETH WARREN. “Not there yet” on impeachment. “Where I am is that we need this independent investigation without political interference.”
FASHION WUT? Balenciaga trolling fashionistas by selling $1,500 t-shirt with button down shirt pinned on the front of it.
A TEXAS FIRST. Three openly gay candidates running for Congress. “Lorie Burch is a candidate for the 3rd Congressional District…Burch joins Gina Ortiz Jones, who is running in San Antonio, and Eric Holgiun, the Democratic nominee in Corpus Christi.”
UNDER THE BUS. Roseanne slams co-stars for speaking out against them tweet.
WHERE IS MELANIA? White House silent.
RUSSIA. Racist and anti-gay chants on the rise ahead of World Cup: “Nineteen incidents of abusive chants were recorded this season, according to an annual report from the anti-discrimination Fare Network and the Moscow-based Sova Center released Wednesday. That compares to two cases the season before, and 10 the year before that.”
DAN HELMER. Virginia congressional candidate compares Trump to Bin Laden, says he's the greatest threat to our democracy. After 9/11, the greatest threat to our democracy lived in a cave…Today, they live in the White House.”
ISRAEL. Police withdraw demand for fences at Gay Pride parade.
VIDEO GAME NEWS. The return of Intellivision….'”I grew up playing Intellivision with my parents and younger brother,” says Tallarico. “It was always my favorite system because the games were cutting edge, yet fun and simple to play so our entire family could enjoy them together. I find those important elements to generally be lacking from our industry with the current modern gaming consoles. Our goal is to change that by focusing on bringing all age groups and levels of gamers and non-gamers together while introducing new generations of people to the legacy success of the Intellivision brand.”'Flashback:
FASHION. Why Studio 54 still defines dancefloor dressing: “Bianca Jagger in red Halston on a horse. Cher in a sequinned bodystocking. Grace Jones in knickers and batwing blouse. Diana Ross in a cloud of marabou. For the throwback-inspo world of Instagram fashion, Studio 54 remains – 41 years after its grand opening in spring 1977 – the gift that keeps on giving. And, as a new documentary, Studio 54, reveals, Ian Schrager and Steve Rubell's club had a dress code that has defined what you wear after dark for four decades and counting.”
P!NK. Making America Gay Again.
BREAK A LEG. The annual cheese rolling contest in the UK.
REMIX OF THE DAY. Kylie Minogue “Stop Me From Falling” (Cerrone Remix).
HUMP DAY HOTTIES. TaeDaTea and Mel'Vontae.
After five games, there are few encouraging numbers for North Carolina, which hosts Notre Dame on Saturday at Kenan Stadium. The 1-4 record is certainly not encouraging. Nor is the number of players – 13 and counting – who have been lost for the season.
The vast majority of the national statistical rankings are bleak. The Tar Heels rank 79th nationally in yards per game (395.2), and 72nd in yards per play (5.66). Compared to UNC's usual standard on offense under coach Larry Fedora, the production has been especially poor – though it's impossible to evaluate the lack of efficiency without acknowledging UNC's significant injury toll.
Defensively, it's worse. UNC is 113th nationally in total defense (466.8 yards allowed per game) and 107th in yards per play allowed (6.21). And that's even with some considerable defensive improvement in the past two weeks, albeit improvement that didn't necessarily show up in the final box scores that told that numerical tales of defeats against Duke and Georgia Tech.
None of the numbers surrounding UNC's poor start are especially good. The two worst numbers, though, are these: 28.8 percent, and 42.8 percent.
Those represent what UNC has done on offense, and on defense, on third down. The Tar Heels have converted only 28.8 percent of their third downs, which ranks 125th nationally (and worst among major-conference teams). Meanwhile, their opponents have converted 42.8 percent of their own third downs, and the Tar Heels rank 94th nationally in stopping teams on third down.
It's arguable that nothing – aside from injuries – has doomed UNC more than its inability to succeed on third down. Defensively, the Tar Heels haven't been able to get off the field enough on third down, which leads to longer drives, which leads to more fatigue, which leads to the kind of second-half breakdowns that have become common.
Offensively, only a handful of teams in the country – and none from a major conference – have been worse at sustaining drives on third down. That inability leads to more punts, which leads to more times UNC is reliant on its defense, which leads to the defense's own third-down woes. A vicious cycle it has been for the Tar Heels, and one on offense, especially, that is new under Fedora.
During Fedora's first five seasons at UNC, the Tar Heels converted at least 41 percent of their third downs. The past two seasons, in 2015 and 2016, UNC was among the best teams in the country at converting third downs. Through five games this season the Tar Heels have converted but 19 of their 66 third downs.
“Offensively, it's just a lack of execution,” Fedora said earlier this week, using an evergreen phrase he's used to describe an assortment of their team's problems. “It's just a breakdown here, or a breakdown there. There's no secret to it.
“Defensively, there's been some really good ones and then there's been some that we've just given up, you know? In a game last week we got off the field on third down three series in a row, and we give up a long yardage one. So it's focus, and making sure everybody does their job.”
The kind of explanation Fedora provided for the third-down problems applies elsewhere, too. Execution has been a problem not only on third downs, but on first downs and second downs. The lack of execution has afflicted the Tar Heels in plays routine and more complicated.
Injuries have certainly contributed, especially on offense. This likely would have been a rebuilding year, offensively, even if the Tar Heels remained healthy. Yet they have not. They have become the most injury-prone team in the country, and at least three wide receivers, and perhaps a fourth, have been lost to the season due to injury. Receiver was already UNC's thinnest position entering the year.
If the offensive problems on third downs are more understandable due to injuries, the deficiencies on defense are less so. The defense, too, has suffered bad injury luck – starting middle linebacker Andre Smith has been lost for the season, and defensive tackle Jalen Dalton hasn't played since the second week of the season – but the defense hasn't endured the kind of casualties the offense has experienced.
And yet, still, UNC's defense has labored on third down almost as much as its offense. The differences relative to the historical precedent are less stark, at least. During Fedora's tenure, UNC has never been a particularly good defensive team on third down, perhaps outside of the 2012 season, when the Tar Heels ranked 39th nationally in third-down defense.
UNC's national ranking since then: 67th, 124th, 104th, 93rd and, now, 94th after five games.
John Papuchis, the Tar Heels' defensive coordinator, said earlier this week that UNC's goal every game is stop teams on third down 65 percent of the time. UNC has only done that once this season, during the 53-23 victory at Old Dominion.
“We're not far off, but we've got to close the gap on where we want to be,” Papuchis said. “We want to be a 65 percent stop team and right now we're more of a 60 percent range. And that's got to be better in the second half of the season. One or two third-down stops a game will get us to where we want to be.”
A play here, a play there: That, Fedora and their staff believe, has been the difference between success and failure. Through five games, though, those plays have more often than not gone the opposite way than UNC hoped. The result is a bleak statistical portrait, both in the won-loss columns and everywhere else.
Common painkillers such as ibuprofen and naproxen are already known to raise people's risk of a heart attack. Now a new study shows the risk comes within the first week of using the drugs.
The study doesn't mean that everyone should avoid taking the pills to treat headaches, lower fevers and reduce aches and pains, but does suggest people who know they have a bigger-than-average heart attack risk should avoid long-term use and high doses, the researchers said.
Ibuprofen NBC News
The study involves drugs called nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs or NSAIDS for short. They include ibuprofen, sold under brand names like Advil or Motrin; naproxen, like Aleve; as well as prescription arthritis drugs known as COX-2 inhibitors, such as Celebrex.
Tylenol, known generically as acetaminophen, is not an NSAID. The researchers did not look at aspirin, another NSAID commonly prescribed to lower heart attack risk that works in a slightly different manner.
The study also looked at Vioxx, a prescription drug pulled from the market in 2004 after it was shown to raise the risk of strokes and heart attacks.
Related: One Arthritis Drug As Good, or Bad, as the Others
Michèle Bally of McGill University and colleagues pooled all the studies they could find on NSAIDs and heart attacks. They settled on data covering 446,000 people using NSAIDs, including 385,000 who did not have heart attacks, known medically as myocardial infarctions.
“By studying 61,460 myocardial infarction events in real-world use of NSAIDs, we found that current use of a NSAID is associated with a significantly increased risk of acute myocardial infarction,” they wrote in their report, published in the British Medical Journal.
Related: FDA Strengthens Safety Warnings on NSAIDs
The risk started within a week and it did not grow with longer use, they found. But the study doesn't show just how much someone's risk of having a heart attack is increased.
“This was observed for all traditional NSAIDs, including naproxen,” they added.
Using more than 1,200 mg a day of ibuprofen and 750 mg a day of naproxen was especially dangerous, they found. As expected, Vioxx was especially dangerous.
“ For most people who are not at high risk of a heart attack these findings have minimal implications.”
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration already added so-called black box warnings to NSAIDs warning people with heart disease or high blood pressure to avoid using them without checking with a doctor first.
Related: Common Painkillers Linked to Heart Attack Risk
The American Heart Association advises people to try acetaminophen (Tylenol) first.
It's tough news for people with chronic pain — they are already told to avoid stronger drugs such as opioids because of the risk of addiction and overdose.
“A particularly difficult decision will be in patients with inflammatory arthritis — such as rheumatoid arthritis — as they often need NSAIDs to damp down the inflammation to control pain and stiffness in the joints,” said Dr. Mike Knapton, Associate Medical Director at the British Heart Foundation, who was not involved in the study.
But Stephen Evans of the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, said the occasional user has less to worry about. “The two main issues here are that the risks are relatively small, and for most people who are not at high risk of a heart attack these findings have minimal implications,” Evans said in a statement.
The study does not show how the drugs may cause heart attacks. There are several theories on how that might happen.
FRANKLIN TWP. - Cervenka Farm held a Corn Festival and Barbecue on Saturday to raise funds for the Quakertown Fire Company and Flemington Fire Department.
Quakertown Fire Company provided the BBQ, while Flemington Fire Department had ice cream from the Red Barn Milk Company. Lone Eagle Brewing offered its beer for sale.
The Big Horse Band performed as people tried their hands at corn hole and horse shoes. There was a magician, animals and pony rides for children.
Bayern Munich defender Mats Hummels is not buying into speculation that Arsenal will drop "world-class" Mesut Ozil for their Champions League meeting on Wednesday.
Germany international Ozil has endured a severe dip in form in recent weeks and reports in England have suggested they will be benched for the first leg of the last-16 clash at the Allianz Arena.
However, Hummels believes it would be unwise to leave the attacking midfielder out of such an occasion as all forward players go through difficult periods.
"For me it was a surprise to hear Mesut was doubtful to play. For me they are a world-class player and one of the first players you would put on the field for a game like this," said the centre-back.
"I think they will be on the pitch from the first minute because they are a class player.
"Of course, we have to make them play not good. That's obvious because that would be bad for the result.
"I think every offensive player has good and bad moments. It's not something you can project on to one player. I don't think there's one you can say that always delivers in every big and important game."
With their mom's gouged-out eyeballs nearby in a box, a distressed Florida woman allegedly confessed to authorities that they were a “murderer” and needed help, officials said.
Camille Balla, 32, is accused in the vicious slaying of their mom, 55-year-old Francisca Monteiro-Balla, at their Royal Palm Beach home Friday while high on pot they claimed was laced, the Palm Beach Post reported.
Authorities responded to a call from Balla's concerned co-worker and found the blood-soaked suspect frantic outside of the home.
“I killed my mother and I need help,” Balla reportedly told deputies before they turned over a bloody house key to them.
Inside, investigators found a trail of blood from the living room to the garage leading to the 55-year-old's body and their eyes nearby inside a cardboard box, according to the newspaper. Handwritten notes also littered the garage with scrawlings about “clearing the soul,” officials said.
Balla confessed to authorities that they smoked marijuana laced either with flakka or PCP before the bloodbath.
“I'm a murderer, I'm a murderer,” the daughter, who had cuts on their hands, allegedly told officials.
Balla was arrested Friday on suspicion of first-degree murder and booked at Palm Beach County Jail.
They appeared Monday in court where they were denied bond and removed when they began shouting in a foreign language, according to the Palm Beach Post.
“Whatever you may hear about this case, remember, until the state meets its burden, my client is innocent,” their attorney Jon Bull told the newspaper.
“Natasha, Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812,” the acclaimed Broadway musical engulfed in a racial firestorm, will close Sept. 3, The Post has learned. The cast and crew were told shortly before the curtain went up on Tuesday night's performance.
The closing is a direct result of the social-media backlash following the announcement that Mandy Patinkin would replace a black actor in one of the title roles.
The “Homeland” star withdrew after several prominent actors of color tweeted their fury that they were replacing Okieriete “Oak” Onaodowan as Pierre. The Web site Broadway Black took up the charge, writing, “it raises questions about how Black actors are valued and treated within Broadway.”
But sources say that the charges of racism were unfair and ultimately destructive. They say that after Patinkin declined, producers scrambled to line up another star, to no avail.
“We were told by the major talent agencies that no one wanted to touch the show because of the controversy,” a production source says.
Last week, the atmosphere backstage grew desperate. Sources say cast members begged Onaodowan to make a public statement saying race was not the issue. They also pleaded with them to call Patinkin and ask them to reconsider.
‘We were told by the major talent agencies that no one wanted to touch the show because of the controversy.'
Production sources say Onaodowan initially agreed to step aside and make joint public appearances with Patinkin, but stopped talking to the producers after the backlash hit.
Their run was rocky from the start. The former “Hamilton” cast member was offered the role of Pierre in January with the understanding he'd come to rehearsals knowing the piano and accordion parts they play in the show. But several sources say they showed up unprepared musically, and without having learned their lines. Their debut was postponed a week.
Their press representative didn't return e-mails seeking comment.
Onaodowan clashed during rehearsals with director Rachel Chavkin. They wanted the role altered to suit their needs, but sources say they insisted they play it as written, reminding them repeatedly that they were a “replacement.”
To make sure they were onboard with their decision to bring in Patinkin, the producers told them they could rejoin the show in the future. But after what sources describe as a “heated” phone call with Chavkin, they believed they didn't want them back.
Chavkin told The Post: “I don't intend to comment on what was clearly an unfortunate misunderstanding between people I respect a great deal.”
Onaodowan's final performance will be Aug. 13. Their standby, Scott Stangland, will take over until Aug. 20, when Dave Malloy, the show's creator and the original Pierre, closes out the run.
Malloy isn't too popular with backers of the show, who will lose all but 20 percent of their $14 million investment.
In a tweet justifying Patinkin's hiring, Malloy wrote, “The show was in desperate shape; sales … were catastrophically low.”
That tweet “killed us,” says an investor. “Who's going to buy ticket sales to a show that's falling apart? We could never regain momentum.”
Chronic or Half Treated Malaria
Dear doctor,
I'm having severe cold with pain all over my body, particularly the waist, hip bone, knees, sternum, including my ribs. At times, it's in my lungs. In addition, I have a sour taste in my mouth with headache from the back and eye aches. I sweat a lot, especially when I sleep, waking up with the whole bed drenched, as well as my pajamas. My appetite could be better.
I am 63 years of age. I've just recently treated malaria with the recommended combination. I do not have an idea why I am so unwell. I am miserable and don't know what to do.
– Shamsideen Saleh, Sokoto
Dear Shamsideen,
The commonest cause of your symptoms in this clime is half-treated malaria. I use Piperaquine or Amodiaquine and Artemisinine to treat malaria instead of the combination you mentioned, which I have discovered is associated with plenty of cases, like yours, where malaria gets only half-treated and thus returns within a fortnight or so.
I think you have chronic malaria with some amount of enteric fever (salmonellosis) into the bargain. You could also have some amount of Elderly Pneumonia. Malaria's symptoms can become very much milder than the usual high fever, especially with patients in highly endemic areas, like Nigeria, especially with the older generation who have had a long time since birth to develop their immunity. The body pains, especially pains in the joints also can make the care-giver think of arthritis.
A safe rule is to treat every arthritis sufferer first for malaria and to check them all over to rule out elderly pneumonia whose presentation, also, can be much milder than classical. You should see a good doctor who would order tests, like the Widal test for you to confirm or deny the suspicion of salmonellosis or typhoid and get treated with the relevant antibiotics. There are also wonderful natural cures and remedies for both typhoid and malaria (together) which you can use and both your malaria and typhoid will disappear. Just call the help-lines
Spiritually inflicted disease entity
Dear Dr., My mom needs help. What they have been complaining of for about one year now is weakness and dizziness. We took them from home to come to Lagos so that they can be properly assessed and taken care of. They have done all major and minor tests and has been seen by the very best medical experts in all kinds of fields, yet they are still complaining of these same symptoms. What do you think is the matter with them and how can we cure her? One of my cousins thinks it is spiritual. What do you think?
– Jamil Taraba, Yola
Spiritually Inflicted Disease Entity
Dear Doc,
My mum needs help. What they have been complaining of for about one year now is weakness and dizziness. We took them from home to Lagos so that they can be properly assessed and taken care of. They have done all major and minor tests and has been seen by the very best medical experts in all kinds of fields, yet they are still complaining of these same symptoms.
What do you think is the matter with them and how can we cure her? One of my cousins thinks it is spiritual. What do you think?
– Jamil Taraba, Yola.
Dear Jamil,
When the kind of complaints you have enunciated is the challenge, I have nothing better to say than to quote wholesale a question and answer piece from my archives of this column also accessible from the website www.mediamedix.blogspot.com.ng and which follows below:
Heart cry over staphylococcus
Dear Doctor,
I have for years been diagnosed as having a scanty growth of Staphylococcus aureus. I have equally received several treatments from several hospitals to no avail or so I think. Some doctors have also told me to ignore the test result and remove my mind from it, as it was not a problem per se. However, I have been married for over five years now without a child and in the circumstance I am forced to think of all possible reasons so that solutions can be sought. Some of my lab investigations have shown a high percentage of inactive/dead semen in motility checks – 15% active, 65% sluggish, 20% dead, with a count of 48 x10 to power6 cells/cm(3) to power 3! My SFA yielded no bacterial growth after 24hrs incubation @37degrees centigrade. But a swab culture yielded a scanty growth of staphylococcus spp? After 48 hours incubation at 37degrees!
I am currently receiving treatment. I have paid heavily for all sorts of tests- cytoclines screening (historone, TNF-alpha, IL2, IL6, IL8, Thyroglobin); Fructase, acid phosphate, alkaline phosphate; Testosterone, Inhibin B, Prolactin, FSH, LH,; Sperm AB, IgA, IgM,; PSA, ANA, ACA, CRP, etc. Most of the results show normal ranges.
After reading your response on Staph and HIV/AIDS in The Sun in February 2015, I decided to write and ask for your opinion/advice on the above matter. Has Staph anything to do with my present childless condition? I will appreciate if you can assist me get out of this problem and enjoy my married life with children of my own.
– Demola R. Faramade (DRF), Ogun.
Dear DRF,
Please Stop! Please stop all those tests and running around to no avail and listen. Listen really carefully– Very likely, you are faced with what I call a Peculiar Disease (PEDI) or a Spiritually Inflicted Disease Entity (SIDES). Proof? All the most highfalutin tests medicaments and doctors in the whole world and yet – ALL TO NO AVAIL! What to do? Simple. See a doctor/physician or practitioner, like me who understands that “God formed man of the dust of the ground and breathed into their nostrils the breath of life and man became a living mind or soul” (Genesis 2.7). Man is not body alone!!! Man is a spirit; resident in a body and equipped with a mind – body, mind and spirit and problems can come from any of the three areas!!! You are looking for solutions where there are none. The problem is beyond your body. Maybe in your mind or mental space. Or more likely, spiritually inflicted.
How to tackle SIDES? Prayer. Fervent prayer – and more. I do not apologise for this. I even said it in the write-up you refer to – that of last week – that there are mysterious, strange and solution-defying problems that can only be solved by God's intervention. But then – if all you'll do is prayer – why are you a doctor, you may ask?
No Sir!! You must approach such problems from all three angles – at the same time!! Use your drugs. Please use your drugs; treat the staph or whatever the label it is given. You see the real name of what you face is childlessness; simple. Childlessness masquerading behind a perpetual diagnosis of staph. By all means, get as much medical help as you have the opportunity to. Do not be a fool. But pray and use your mind also. For an instance of using your mind: why will you still be childless even after all the staph has disappeared and your sperm count is okay with the motility? Yes, Staph in the prostate (SFA) or Expressed Prostatic Secretion (EPS) will destroy sperm cells causing low or no sperm count, but your semen is now free. The swab culture is a contaminant. Learn all you need to about the condition facing you so you can tackle it successfully. For example, if staph is your worry, send now to staphdocotor@yahoo.com for free details of what to do.
We routinely do this for people and have the great satisfaction that we do solve such problems – cancer, HIV/AIDS, drug addiction, arthritis, hypertension, diabetes, infertility, staphylococcus or other such unspeakable distresses like the ones you face.
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
MOUNTAIN VIEW — In an explosive new allegation, a renowned architect has accused Google of racketeering, saying in a lawsuit the company has a pattern of stealing trade secrets from people it first invites collaborating.
Architect Eli Attia spent 50 years developing what their lawsuit calls “game-changing new technology” for building construction. Google in 2010 struck a deal to work with them on commercializing it, and Attia moved with their family from New York to Palo Alto to focus on the initiative, code-named “Project Genie.”
The project was undertaken in Google's “Google X” unit for experimental “moonshots.”
But then Google and its co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin “plotted to squeeze Attia out of the project” and pretended to kill it but used Attia's technology to “surreptitiously” spin off Project Genie into a new company, according to the lawsuit.
Now Attia has added another allegation to the suit: the Mountain View tech giant's theft of their intellectual property follows a pattern that makes Google guilty of racketeering.
Google did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
This week, a judge in Santa Clara County Superior Court approved the addition of racketeering claims to the lawsuit originally filed in 2014.
Attia's legal team uncovered evidence that Google had engaged in a “substantially similar fact pattern of misappropriation of trade secrets,” according to a July 25 legal filing from Attia.
“Google would solicit a party to share with it highly confidential trade secrets under a non-disclosure agreement, conduct negotiations with the party, then terminate negotiations with the party professing a lack of interest in the party's technology, followed by the unlawful use of the party's trade secrets in its business,” Attia said in the filing.
Six lawsuits against Google, most resolved in the company's favor, show a similar pattern of intellectual property theft, the filing claims.
Google, Page and Brin “have been engaged in a pattern of racketeering activity for over the past 20 years,” Attia's lawyer Eric Buether said in a court filing.
Check back on this developing story…
Electric vehicles make a lot of sense as commute vehicles and around-town cars for people who don't have to worry about driving long distances. Maybe you own a second car, or maybe you just never go on long road trips. Either way, most people can save money by having an electric car in the driveway, but people tend to overlook used EVs as an option.
According to AAA, the average American drives about 30 miles in a day – a little less in winter, a little more in summer. The basic range of most new EVs is about 80 miles on a full charge under the worst possible conditions. For example, that would be on a cold, rainy night, when you've got the headlights, heater, and windshield wipers all using electricity in addition to the motor. The 80-mile worst-case range of an EV would cover 95 percent of all daily trips in the United States, according to data from the U.S. Department of Transportation. Of course, no one is an average. Only you can decide if an EV will work for your life.
Cost of ownership
When it comes to buying fuel, most people can save a bundle every month by switching to an EV. If you consider the EPA's MPGe estimate for a 2014 Nissan Leaf, it gets 114 MPGe. In practical terms, the average price of electricity in North America is about 12 cents a Kilowatt Hour. At that price, and with regular unleaded gas at $1.50 per gallon, you'll pay less than half the price of gasoline to go the same number of miles in an EV. For the record, the average regular gas price last month across the United States was $2.38 a gallon, making the Leaf an even better deal.
You can throw in some more benefits of owning an electric car, like the fact that expensive oil changes are a thing of the past, and that regenerative braking means that you don't have to replace brake pads or rotors as often. Those aren't as impactful as the steady purchase of gasoline at market prices, but it adds up to a generally lower cost of operation for an EV.
What's the catch?
If you think I'm trying to sell you an EV, I'm not. Well, not a new one, anyway. There's always a catch, and the downside of a new electric vehicle is the purchase price. Most new EVs are priced well above $30,000, or even into the $40,000 range if you want a BMW i3 or a Mercedes-Benz B-Class. Tesla, of course, is even higher. The high price of electric is a tough pill to swallow, considering that most EVs are built on economy car platforms and carry economy car amenities. I'm not talking about Tesla with that. Tesla lives all alone in its own rarefied market segment.
You'll pay less than half the price of gasoline to go the same number of miles in an EV.
But if you went shopping for a new EV today, you'd find the least expensive option is the 2016 Smart ForTwo Electric Drive, which has been held over and steeply discounted in advance of the 2017 models due to arrive this summer. You'd also find the Mitsubishi i-MiEV with an MSRP of $22,995.
But let's assume you want something that's at least compact in size, in which case the least expensive option is the 2017 Ford Focus Electric with an MSRP of $29,995 including destination. However, Ford is offering $11,000 in incentives on the Focus, putting the price down below the Mitsubishi and close to last year's Smart. That's a pretty good deal.
The rest of the field is all over $30,000. Some options like the Hyundai Ioniq EV are available only in California, where the state has committed to promoting electric vehicles. By the time you apply the $7,500 Federal tax credit, you can get these into the mid-to-high $20,000s. The catch with the tax credit is that you have to have a Federal tax bill of at least $7,500 to use it. You can't hold any of it over into the following year, or get the money as a refund. If your Federal income tax bill is lower, you lose the benefit.
Why not buy used?
So if new EVs tend to the spendy side, why not buy a used one? Here's the only reason: people still don't trust EVs. That's why leasing them was so popular over the last few years. Everyone used to think that an electric car might not last like a gas-powered car. At a minimum, back in 2013 and 2014, we were all certain that by the time the lease was done, the 2017 crop of electric vehicles would be a lot better, and who would want to be stuck an old one at that point?
But apart from the Chevy Bolt with a 238-mile range and a $37,495 price tag, most new electrics are still getting about the same 80-100 mile range they got three years ago. And a used EV with about 30,000 miles on the clock is still getting about the same range that it got when it was new. That's because the smart battery management system helps the car continue to perform over time. You might lose 5 percent of range in three or four years, but that's still a lot of life left in a lease return EV. There's a really detailed scientific analysis of EV battery fade here.
Check out the prices
At the dealer auctions, these cars routinely sell for about $6,000 to $8,000.
Here's the really cool part – the prices on lease return EVs are crazy low. At the dealer auctions, these cars routinely sell for about $6,000 to $8,000. You won't find prices like that on gas-powered cars. According to ALG, which sets residual values for cars coming off lease, and according to Black Book, which tracks wholesale used car prices, the value of a three year old Nissan Leaf is just 18 percent of its original sticker price. A comparable gas-powered car retains about 50 percent or more of its original value.
The other really good thing is that most EVs have been gently driven and cared for. EV people care about range, so generally speaking they haven't been flogging the car around town. That means you're likely to get a pretty clean and well-maintained vehicle for your money.
The case for the used EV
The bottom line in all this is really simple. If you have been thinking about an EV but you can't afford to spend big money up front, or if you're not rich enough to take advantage of the whole tax credit, go check out the used EVs. Any dealer can get them. They're typically priced to move quickly, and the dealer will be motivated to make you a great deal. If you're among the half of Americans who drive less than 30 miles a day, you'll get years of cheap driving out of a nice used EV. That's money in your pocket, which is always a good thing.
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) – Travel options for a trip from Tampa to Cuba are about to expand. Royal Caribbean and Carnival Cruise line are adding new routes to the communist-ruled island.
It will be the first time in more than 50 years you'll be able to hop a ship in Tampa and travel to Havana.
Royal Caribbean will inaugurate service at the end of April, and two months later, Carnival will depart the port for the trip to Havana.
For decades, cruise ships have been forbidden to dock in Cuba and were forced to go around the huge island, just south of Florida.
That is no longer the case.
Cuban-American native, Mario Nunez, pointed to a historic ship's manifest, documenting a 1915 crossing from Havana to Tampa.
Their great-grandfather is listed as a passenger.
Nunez is excited about being on board a cruise ship, making a similar journey.
“The opportunity to be on the water and see the route that they took, and experience it in real time, I think is going to be really special,” said Nunez.
Starting June 29th, the Carnival Paradise will do just that, with four and five-day trips to Havana and back, including an overnight stay in the harbor.
“Which gives people plenty of time in the evening to enjoy all the evening activities, whether it be going ashore for a restaurant, or whether it be going to the famous shows like the Tropicana,” said Carnival's Senior Vice-President Terry Thornton.
To go, you'll need a passport. Fares start at $449 for 4 days, and $549 for 5 days.
“People born in Cuba can definitely go. And we want to encourage them to go,” said Thornton.
The cruises offer another way to experience the food, music and culture of Cuba.
“The sooner we can get there and engage with these people, Peter, you've been there, I've been there, these are the most wonderful people, really and truthfully. They're ready to go,” said Nunez.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW
>> back to WFLA.com for more top stories
Image copyright Cleveland Police Image caption Terry Smith (left) and Dale Carter have been jailed
A man who deliberately rammed a police car during a chase has been jailed.
Two Cleveland Police officers needed hospital treatment after their car was hit by driver Terry Smith, 28, and passenger Dale Carter, 26.
Only the strength of roadside barriers stopped the police car plunging from the 20m (66ft) high Tees Flyover near Middlesbrough in December last year.
Smith was jailed for nine years and seven months after admitting dangerous driving.
They also admitted robbery, driving while disqualified and two counts of attempting to cause grievous bodily harm.
'Incredible bravery'
Carter was jailed for three-and-a-half years after admitting robbery.
Chf Insp Graham Milne said the incident could have ended "tragically" at the hands of two men, who "desperately wanted to escape police" after committing a robbery.
They said: "Police officers are human and have families waiting for them at home just like everyone else.
"I would like to praise the two officers involved for their incredible bravery.
"And I would hope that the sentences handed down today stand as a warning to anyone who thinks it is acceptable to try to escape justice."
Miami Marlins catcher J.T. Realmuto dives into home plate with a two-run inside the park home run against the Philadelphia Phillies in an August game. J.T. Realmuto has requested a trade in the wake of the team's latest payroll purge. (AP Photo/Rich Schultz, File) Rich Schultz AP
The Latest on a fatal shooting captured on video and later shared on Facebook (all times local):
7:35 p.m.
A vigil has been held in Cleveland for the victim of a deadly shooting that was videotaped and then posted on Facebook.
Dozens of family, friends and community members gathered Monday evening to remember 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. They carried flowers and balloons and hugged and comforted each other, while urging an end to the violence on their city streets.
Police say 37-year-old Steve Stephens killed Godwin Sunday afternoon in what appeared to be a random shooting while the retiree was picking up aluminum cans. Stephens then uploaded the gruesome video of the killing to Facebook.
Authorities are searching multiple states for Stephens, who is considered armed and dangerous. A $50,000 reward is being offered for information leading to the capture and prosecution of him.
___
3:45 p.m.
Authorities searching multiple states for a suspect in the deadly shooting of a Cleveland man say they have no idea what led up to what they say appears to be a random shooting.
Cleveland's police chief said Monday that only Steve Stephens knows the answer.
Police say the 37-year-old Stephens shot a Cleveland retiree picking up aluminum cans Sunday and then posted a video of the killing on Facebook.
In the video, Stephens names a woman and tells the victim, Robert Godwin Sr., that "she's the reason that this is about to happen to you."
Authorities say Stephens is considered armed and dangerous and could be anywhere.
Cleveland police chief Calvin Williams says authorities have already searched every location Stephens has been associated with in the Cleveland area.
___
3:15 p.m.
Police in Philadelphia say they have "no indication" that the suspect in an apparently random killing in Cleveland is in Philadelphia.
Authorities said multiple 911 calls came in shortly after 12:30 p.m. Monday reporting that Steve Stephens could be in or near Fairmount Park, a large green expanse northwest of downtown.
Officers were sent to check the area, and police say eight elementary schools and a high school were locked down as a precaution.
But police later said "there is no indication that the subject is at that location, or anywhere in the city of Philadelphia."
Police say Stephens shot a Cleveland retiree collecting aluminum cans Sunday and then posted video of the apparently random killing on Facebook.
___
2:10 p.m.
Police in Philadelphia say schools have been locked down as they investigate reported sightings of the suspect in an apparently random killing in Cleveland. But authorities also say there is no indication that Steve Stephens is in Philadelphia.
Authorities say multiple 911 calls came in shortly after 12:30 p.m. Monday claiming that Stephens could be in or near Fairmount Park, a large green expanse northwest of downtown.
Officers are checking the area, and police say eight elementary schools and a high school are on lockdown as a precaution.
Police say Stephens shot a Cleveland retiree collecting aluminum cans Sunday and then posted video of the apparently random killing on Facebook.
Philadelphia is a more-than-six-hour drive from Cleveland.
___
11:50 a.m.
A former girlfriend of the suspect in the slaying of an elderly Cleveland man has told CBS News in a text that 37-year-old Steve Stephens was "a nice guy" who was generous to everyone and was "kind and loving" to them and their children.
Joy Lane says Monday they had a relationship for several years with Stephens, now the target of a nationwide manhunt for the Easter slaying.
Stephens, in a video they posted to Facebook, mentions Lane's name to 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. and says they are "the reason that this is about to happen to you" before the random attack.
Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams says Lane is cooperating with authorities and is being protected.
___
11:05 a.m.
A spokesperson for the behavior health facility where the suspect in the shooting of an elderly Cleveland man worked says the man underwent an extensive FBI background check before being hired in 2008.
Beech Brook spokesperson Nancy Kortemeyer says Monday there was nothing in the background check for 37-year-old Steve Stephens that caused any concerns.
Kortemeyer says Stephens' job since 2015 as a vocational specialist involved preparing youth and young adults ages 16-25 for employment.
Stephens had referred to themselves as a case manager. Kortemeyer says they did have a caseload of clients that they managed.
Authorities say Stephens did not have a criminal record.
Officials say Stephens shot and killed 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. on Sunday and posted the gruesome video on Facebook.
___
10:45 a.m.
A daughter of the elderly Cleveland man shot and killed in a gruesome video posted on Facebook says they were a gentle person, with nothing mean about him.
Debbie Godwin says their father, 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr., was shot Sunday afternoon while they were picking up aluminum cans. They say they "wasn't harming anyone."
Authorities are telling people in Cleveland, as well as Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan, to be on the lookout for the suspect, 37-year-old Steve Stephens.
Cleveland's police chief is telling residents to be careful.
Debbie Godwin says their father was retired and had 10 children. They say they spent the day before the shooting doing one of the things they loved most, fishing in Lake Erie.
___
10:25 a.m.
The behavioral health facility where a suspect in the shooting of an elderly Cleveland man worked has closed Monday out of concern for the safety of employees, clients and visitors
A spokesperson for Beech Brook, in suburban Pepper Pike, issued a statement Monday that says 37-year-old suspect Steve Stephens has been employed there since 2008 and has been a vocational specialist in a program for youth and young adults since 2015.
The statement says both the Pepper Pike facility and a drop-in center in Cleveland are closed and that a decision will be made later Monday about when they will reopen.
___
9:30 a.m.
Authorities on the hunt for a suspect who they say fatally shot an elderly Cleveland man in a gruesome video posted on Facebook say their last known location was at the shooting site.
Police and the FBI in Cleveland said Monday that the suspect, 37-year-old Steve Stephens, could still be in the city or in surrounding states.
Chief Calvin Williams says detectives talked with Stephens by cellphone Sunday after they shot 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. but haven't had contact since.
Authorities are telling people in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be on the lookout. They say Stephens should be considered armed and dangerous.
Cleveland's police chief says officers have searched dozens of places since the shooting Sunday and told residents to go about their business, but be careful.
___
7 a.m.
Cleveland police searching for the suspect who fatally shot an elderly passerby in a gruesome video posted on Facebook say no more victims have been found, despite the shooter's claim that they killed over a dozen people.
Police said Monday that they've found no evidence of other slayings linked to the suspect, 37-year-old Steve Stephens. They planned to provide updates on the search at a news conference later Monday morning.
They say Stephens may have left Ohio, and they're urging people in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be on the lookout. They say Stephens should be considered armed and dangerous.
He's wanted on an aggravated murder charge in the death of 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. on Sunday afternoon in Cleveland.
The FBI is helping with the investigation.
___
2:05 a.m.
Police in Ohio are urging residents in surrounding states on Monday to be on alert for a man who they say shot and killed an elderly passerby and then posted a gruesome video of the killing on Facebook.
Thirty-seven-year-old Steve Stephens is wanted on a charge of aggravated murder in the death of Robert Godwin Sr. on Sunday afternoon in Cleveland.
In a statement early Monday, police warned residents of Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be on the lookout for Stephens, who they say should be considered armed and dangerous.
In a separate video posted on Facebook, Stephens claimed to have killed more than a dozen other people. Police say they have not verified any other shootings or deaths.
The FBI is assisting in the investigation.
"My family & I are so grateful 2 everyone 4 all of the love & support," the actor tweeted.
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
With more than 50,000 wind turbines in place across the U.S., wind power now accounts for 8 percent of the nation's energy-generating capacity — and experts predict that figure could rise to 20 percent by 2030.
But all that clean, renewable energy comes with a high cost to the nation's wildlife. Researchers estimate that 140,000 to 328,000 birds are killed every year in collisions with the turbines' spinning rotor blades and support towers. The risk to birds is highest at night, when the blades and towers are cloaked in darkness.
Now researchers at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York, have hit upon what could prove to be a simple way to protect birds from wind turbines. They've used the "signatures" of birds that are visible in raw weather radar data to generate bird maps and live migration forecasts designed to alert wind farm operators to the presence of birds at peak times.
Massive numbers
On any given night during the peak of the spring migration — from the end of April to the beginning of May — up to 520 million migrating birds are on the wing, says Dr. Kyle Horton of Cornell's famed ornithology lab and one of the researchers involved in the project.
According to keepers, a wind turbine near the Altamont Pass severed a portion of this 14-year-old golden eagle's left wing in 2000, leaving them unable to fly or survive in the wild. Noah Berger / AP file
Most are small birds at risk from predators. (Big birds tend to migrate in daylight, although they too sometimes fall afoul of the turbines.)
"Our measures are dominated by small songbirds, things like warblers and tanagers, thrushes and grosbeaks — those are the dominant signatures we're getting," says Horton.
It's long been known that migrating birds are easily detected by the Doppler radar systems used to monitor rainfall in the U.S.
For weather forecasting purposes, of course, the radar signals caused by bird flocks are filtered out. But the Cornell researchers, including Horton and Benjamin Van Doren, a zoologist who recently moved to Oxford University in the U.K., realized that birds' nighttime flights could be used to generate real-time maps that could help save birds' lives.
After working for several years to integrate the signals from a network of weather radar systems across the U.S., the scientists a few weeks ago started posting automated bird migration forecasts and real-time tracking maps at the lab's website, BirdCast.info.
Making use of the maps
Van Doren and Horton hope wind farm operators will heed the forecasts and maps — which are drawn from 143 weather radar systems across the country — and stop or slow their wind turbines temporarily when large numbers of birds are flying through the area.
One solution to the bird-strike problem might be to raise the turbines' so-called "cut-in speed." That's the wind speed above which it makes economic sense to run the turbines. Wind turbines operate more efficiently at the high wind speeds, Horton says, while birds tend to avoid flying on windy nights.
"If we're getting large pulses of [migrating birds] coming through on a handful of nights, then altering their strategies for just, say, five nights versus doing nothing, then it may have a big impact," they say of wind farm operators.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) - An Ohio lawmaker has proposed making the Labrador retriever the official state dog.
The Cincinnati Enquirer reports Ohio could become the 13th state to name a state dog, and the first to recognize the Labrador as such.
The bill's sponsor, Republican Rep. Jeffery Rezabek, of Clayton, says they think the popular breed would represent Ohio values well because it's a working dog and sporting dog. Rezabek notes that Labradors are trained as rescue dogs, police dogs and therapy dogs and are kept as family pets.
They say their own family had Labradors while they were growing up.
Rezabek says their bill wouldn't interfere with a proposal introduced last year to designate the shelter pet as the state pet.
Information from: The Cincinnati Enquirer, http://www.enquirer.com
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
In this courtroom sketch, Duty counsel Georgia Koulis, from left, Alek Minassian, Justice of the Peace Stephen Waisberg and Crown prosecutor Joe Callaghan appear in court in Toronto on Tuesday, April 24, 2018. The 25-year-old suspect, Minassian, was charged Tuesday with first degree murder in the deaths of 10 pedestrians they mowed down in the rented van they sent careening along the busy walkway. The Canadian Press via AP Alexandra Newbould
Jets fans are angry. Jets fans are hurting. Jets fans are fed up. Jets fans are ticked off.
It is understandable after a 5-11 season. They are tired of watching other teams in the playoffs. The postseason drought is now six years. Season-ticket holders have not seen a home playoff game since 2002. The Jets have played just four home playoff games since moving their games to New Jersey in 1984. Next week the rival Patriots will play their fourth home playoff game since 2014.
Yet the anger resonating through the fan base right now does not seem to be shared by the Jets' leadership. Owner Woody Johnson said many of the right things on Thursday, but general manager Mike Maccagnan delivered another mealy-mouthed session with reporters.
These meetings between the media and the Jets' GM never create much news. Maccagnan is irrationally afraid to say anything that might tip off the competition. (Psst, rest of the NFL: The Jets need a quarterback. You didn't hear it from me.)
But Thursday, Maccagnan had a chance to show some leadership to their fans, show how upset they were with this season and let them know what they are doing to fix it. Instead, they talked about the long-term plan and how happy they were with some of their young players.
Asked point-blank about fans' anger, they tried to empathize, but also emphasized “the plan.”
“The only thing I can say to Jets fans is, we're like them. These losses hurt,” Maccagnan said. “We can't get [to success] fast enough, but we also have to do it in a judicious way that makes sense and to build a team that is consistently good.”
Now, Maccagnan won't be judged here by how well they communicate with fans or reporters. Their fate lies with how they pick players. But it would be nice for Jets fans to get a little passion from Maccagnan or coach Todd Bowles, who delivers their own lifeless press conferences during the season. The only time you saw any fire from Bowles is when they cursed during a few postgame press conferences this year.
My inbox and Twitter timeline are filled with fans saying they are fed up with the Jets, longtime season-ticket holders saying they are done, and yet I never sense the same level of disappointment from those inside the organization.
Fans lived through six years of Rex Ryan and don't necessarily want someone who is just going to win the press conference, but fans loved Ryan because they could relate to him. Ryan felt like the guy who might be in the row behind you at MetLife Stadium.
There has to be a happy medium between what the Ryan era delivered publicly and what the current one does. No one needs Super Bowl guarantees, but a little passion would go a long way.
Maccagnan had the perfect chance to show some on Thursday when asked about an ESPN report that quoted an anonymous Jets coach saying rookie quarterback Christian Hackenberg “couldn't hit the ocean.” It was a perfect time to denounce whoever that cowardly coach was and say the Jets won't tolerate that kind of thing and they would punish the coach if they discovered who it was. Say Hackenberg is “our guy” and we don't feel that way.
Instead, we got milquetoast.
“I'm not going to sit here and debate or refute an anonymous source,” Maccagnan said. “My feeling is, as an organization, what you want to do is focusing on developing the players you have in the building. That's going to be a primary goal and focus.”
Not exactly Knute Rockne rallying the team.
Again, in the end, wins and losses are going to be what defines Bowles and Maccagnan. But when the losses outnumber the wins like they did this year, it would be nice for Jets fans to feel like that bothers the GM and coach as much as it bothers them.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
The “Ambien defense” has been used by people trying to excuse themselves for violent crime, for driving under the influence and even for sexual assault. Actress Roseanne Barr took it into a whole new territory on Wednesday when they used the sleeping aid as an excuse for a racist tweet that got their popular ABC television show canceled.
Roseanne's Ambien defense got immediate blowback from Sanofi, which makes Ambien. “While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication,” the company tweeted from its official account.
Doctors active on social media weighed in, too.
“Dear @therealroseanne Ambien does not make you racist, being racist makes you racist,” tweeted Dr. Jennifer Gunter, an outspoken obstetrician/gynecologist who practices at the San Francisco Medical Center.
“To be fair, Ambien might disinhibit, letting the unspoken racism out to be expressed publicly,” answered Dr. David Gorski, a surgeon at the Barbara Ann Karmanos Cancer Institute in Detroit.
Sleep specialists agree.
“Taking Ambien doesn't take care of sleep deprivation. So the combination of sleep deprivation and medication side effects might result in disinhibited or bizarre behavior," said Azizi Seixas, who studies sleep behavior at New York University.
Entertainment of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: fredericknoamesi.com
2017-01-02
play videoBishop Daniel Obinim
It is no doubt that Onaapo is the most trending term in Ghana right now even in the Christendom. Bishop Daniel Obinim is one of the few religious people who have taken Onaapo to the church.
The renowned miracle worker in the last few days of 2016 was spotted in a video singing and dancing to the Onaapo song originally by Dee Aja.
In the video, the bishop was carried by members of the Accra branch of church while the music band played and sang along.
Bishop Obinim's love for the Onaapo track is overwhelmed and it is likely they would invite the original singer Dee Aja to perform in their church soon.
Onaapo song is the theme song for the National Democratic Congress (NDC) during the 2016 general elections in Ghana. It was composed and played by Dee Aja even though many believed that Gospel musician Nacee was the brain behind the track.
Onaapo even though failed to help to sit President John Mahama to retain the president has become very popular by all Ghanaians.
Kindly watch Bishop Obinim and their church members as they danced to the song.
With the new year now underway, it is just three months until a landmark law comes in to force in Scotland, making so-called ‘revenge porn' disclosures a criminal offence.
The new law under the Abusive Behaviour and Sexual Harm Act will mean that, from April 1, being convicted of the offence of disclosing or threatening to disclose an intimate photo or video will carry a maximum penalty of five years imprisonment.
The offence will cover situations where someone shares either filmed and still images of another person in an intimate situation. This includes images taken in private where someone is nude or clothed only in underwear or showing a person engaged in a sexual act.
The specific new law is being introduced to address a growing problem – as easy access to devices like smart phones mean pictures and videos taken with the expectation of privacy can now far more easily be shared publicly online through, for example, social media.
Justice Secretary Michael Matheson said: “We will not tolerate domestic abuse and harassment in a progressive and modern Scotland, which is why we have taken these measures to create this new criminal offence.
“Recklessly disclosing private and intimate images taken when privacy is expected can be extremely cruel and degrading for victims, as well as causing fear and alarm. It may also be symptomatic of highly abusive and manipulative behaviour towards an ex-partner.
“This new offence, which comes into force very soon, sends out a strong warning to anyone considering sharing such images. This move reflects technological changes and acknowledges the distress inflicted by this serious crime.
“We know legislation alone is not enough to tackle abusive behaviour and sexual violence. That is why we are taking forward a whole range of work in our drive to eliminate it in all its forms from Scottish society.”
Adam Levine buys $35.5M Beverly Hills estate The mansion is said to have been purchased from “Will & Grace” creator Max Mutchnick.
Behold the $110M home of Saudi royalty If this home looks fit for royalty, that's because it is. A large Los Angeles estate — owned by a business entity affiliated with the late Saudi Prince Saud al-Faisal...
Charlie Sheen trying to sell Beverly Hills mansion for $10M The actor lived in the house, which they purchased in 2006 for $7.2 million, with ex-wife Brooke Mueller and a number of live-in girlfriends, including their "goddesses."
Media mogul Tyler Perry is parting with their $17 million Beverly Hills estate Tyler Perry is selling their modern, 17,245-square-foot mansion in Beverly Hills for nearly $17 million. The four-acre estate has 10 bedrooms, 11 bathrooms, a pool with a waterfall, and floor-to-ceiling...
Jane Fonda sells Beverly Hills home at steep discount Jane Fonda and ex Richard Perry settled for far less than their last asking price of $9.995 million.
Soccer referee says they quit job because of 'entitled' Beverly Hills parents Soccer Official 1, Obnoxious Parents 0. A Beverly Hills youth soccer referee has called it quits because of “disrespectful” and “entitled” parents whom they have come to “despise.” In a...
Harvey Weinstein, James Toback under investigation by police The Beverly Hills Police Department has launched an investigation into the sexual harassment allegations launched against Harvey Weinstein and director James Toback.
Cameron Diaz loses their credit cards trying to hide from paps Maybe Cameron Diaz and Gwyneth Paltrow should carpool next time they have dinner together.
Beverly Hills residents want to keep Justin Bieber out Bieber has been trying to rent a house in Beverly Hills, offering up to $100,000 a month.
Because of their colorful, anti-establishment on-court wardrobe, most tennis fans know Bethanie Mattek-Sands by name. Now, the 30-year-old Mattek-Sands, playing in their 13th U.S. Open, is one match away from...
Having a team that can work together and communicate effectively is essential to a successful business. MSNBC's JJ Ramberg shares some useful tips.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Work Smart: Create a Collaborative Environment 1:22 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
BOSTON (AP) — The Latest on the arrival of more than 50 tall ships into Boston Harbor (all times local):
2:30 p.m.
Officials in Massachusetts say that law enforcement will be on high alert for this weekend's arrival of more than 50 tall ships into Boston Harbor.
Sailing vessels from across the world are converging Saturday as part of a trans-Atlantic race spanning the United Kingdom, Bermuda and other locations. Boston is the only U.S. port on the route.
Governor Charlie Baker, Boston Mayor Marty Walsh and public safety officials said Wednesday that federal officials have given the event a "Special Event Assessment Rating 1."
They say the designation is typically reserved for large national events like the Super Bowl.
Officials say the heightened security isn't prompted by any specific threat but in consideration for the event's size and complexity and because it will bring a number of foreign ships and dignitaries.
___
1 a.m.
A majestic maritime gathering is bringing more than 50 grand sailing vessels from 14 countries into Boston Harbor.
Tall ships from Europe, South America and the U.S. are converging on the city this weekend as part of a trans-Atlantic regatta spanning the United Kingdom, Bermuda and other locations.
Organizers of Sail Boston promise Saturday's dramatic arrival will be a can't-miss spectacle. The ships will parade in flotillas into the main channel of Boston Harbor. They'll then dock at various Boston piers and remain open for public boarding until they depart June 22.
Saturday's procession will be visible from a number of spots along the Boston waterfront, as well as from a ticketed grandstand.
AUSTIN — For a city trying to return to normal after the annual South By Southwest festival, hip and edgy Austin has lost the hip and is simply on edge.
Residents have been shaken by four bombings scattered around the city in the last few weeks and say uncertainty and fear has them worried about what's next — and where.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Analyzing the Austin 'serial bombing' case 5:48 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"The mood of the city is that people are frightened,” said resident Anita Poirier, who works in hospice care.
Related: Austin explosions: ‘Serial bomber' hunted after tripwire sets off 4th blast
The four explosions that have killed two and injured four others surround the heart of the city, which is home to the Texas state Capitol and the University of Texas.
A blast Sunday evening in a Southwest Austin neighborhood now means the bombs were detonated in a wider geographic area than the previous explosions which occurred in the eastern part of town. Authorities say a “serial bomber” is at large.
“There's no preparing for it,” said Elizabeth Kruger, who moved to Austin from New Jersey three years ago and lives in the northwest section of town. “It scares me because they've gotten everywhere else, does that mean we're next?”
Northwest Austin resident Frank Zepponi, who works in marketing and has lived in Austin since 1999, said he's “always felt more or less safe” in their neighborhood — until they heard about the Southwest Austin explosion.
“Wow, is there a pattern? What's going on?” they said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Austin Police Chief: We are dealing with a 'serial bomber' 1:23 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Austin-based singer/songwriter, vocalist and musician Sara Hickman said they felt especially sad about the young bombing victim, 17-year-old Draylen Mason, who was a musician and knew some of their friends
“It seems terrifying now that there's a tripwire involved,” they said. “It seems like maybe they're not randomly doing this. They're going around the city of Austin in a circle almost. So, I'm scared that our neighborhood will be next and I'm mad that our neighborhood might be next. I'm mad that they're infringing on our peace of mind.”
Pattie Noxon lives downtown and said she's “concerned” about where explosions have rocked the city — and where they haven't.
“If you look at a map — I just looked at it and said ‘That's weird.' I'm sure everybody else is thinking that too.”
“We got a lot of attention because of South By,” said Noxon, who has lived in Austin for 36 years. She's a faithful SXSW festival attendee and was among an estimated 300,000-plus for the festival that wrapped up on Sunday.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Honoring Austin package bomb victim Draylen Mason, a Monumental American 0:54 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
However, a bomb threat at SXSW on Saturday evening caused the cancellation of a concert by the popular hip-hop band The Roots.
A 26-year-old man was arrested on charges of making a terroristic threat in connection with that incident, but authorities did not link them with the explosions.
Some schools in the area of Sunday's explosion were closed Monday while others had a late start due to the investigation. City schools had been closed last week for spring break.
Related: Austin, Texas, on edge after spate of package bombs kills two
Austin has gained national attention for its technology startups and is one of the country's fastest-growing metropolitan areas — which may make it more of a target.
All this growth “is unprecedented for Austin,” Poirier said. “So many people are moving in so quickly.”
Hickman, who has lived in Austin since 1994, said a principal's announcement on Monday about the bombings had left an impression with their 17-year-old daughter, a high school senior.
"She said it was the first time they made an announcement that actually really scared her," Hickman said. "I feel really sad that — not just Austin — but our world seems to be collapsing into terrorism. It's such an unknown. You don't know where it's going to happen or who it's going to hurt."
Some of the scariest movies you ever saw were rated G and stamped “family entertainment.” Because what says “love” more than permanently installing nightmares in tender young minds? Here are...
Ecuadorian court to ask Interpol to arrest ex-President Rafael Correa
Quito, Jul 3 (EFE).- Ecuador's National Court of Justice on Tuesday accepted a request from prosecutors seeking to have former President Rafael Correa – currently living in Belgium, their wife's homeland – arrested for purposes of extradition.
The judge in the case, Daniella Camacho, said they would submit a request to Interpol for Correa's capture, ruling that they had violated their orders.
Correa is accused of orchestrating the 2012 kidnapping of a former opposition lawmaker, Fernando Balda, who had fled to Colombia after being sentenced to two years in prison for slander against the ex-president.
Last month, Camacho agreed to prosecutors' request that they be linked to the proceedings.
The former head of state, in office from 2007 to 2017, had been ordered by Camacho to appear before the National Court of Justice every two weeks.
Instead, Correa on Monday presented themselves before Ecuador's consulate in Brussels.
The attempted kidnapping of the former member of Ecuador's unicameral National Assembly occurred in Colombia on the night of Aug. 13, 2012, when four men and a woman shoved them into a vehicle and held them against their will until they were rescued about an hour and a half later by Colombian police.
In a recent interview with EFE, Balda said there was solid evidence that Correa had given the order to abduct him.
Correa, who has said they would not rule out seeking asylum in Belgium or another country, says there is a complete lack of evidence and that they are a victim of political and media persecution.
On Tuesday, they said the arrest order was part of a political conspiracy.
Balda, leader of the Patriotic Society party, denounced the kidnapping in 2012, but it was not until this year – under President Lenin Moreno – that prosecutors launched an investigation.
Moreno, who took office in May of last year, had served as Correa's vice president and was their hand-picked successor.
But they distanced themselves from Correa in late July 2017, accusing their leftist predecessor in a speech of having left the country in a “critical” financial situation.
Submitted photo: The Wallaceburg District Secondary School PSW program is fund raising for Olivia Formosa. Them mom, Brooke, has asked that the class donate the money to the Ronald McDonald house in London.
To raise funds, the class developed a PSW Cookbook entitled ‘My Children's Favourites'.
The students in the program that were the cookbook committee are, left to right, Alli Houle, Hannah Petranik, Shae Bachus and Brandon Fraleigh. The class has sold almost 300 in five days and many local stores and shops are selling the cookbook
A look at what's happening all around the majors Tuesday:
—
BRONX BOOM
The Yankees aim for their ninth straight win when Luis Severino (1-0, 4.50 ERA) takes the mound against the visiting White Sox. The 23-year-old righty struck out 11 Tampa Bay hitters over seven innings in their last start and has fanned 17 in 12 innings this season after winning back a rotation spot in spring training. Miguel Gonzalez (1-0, 4.22) is up for Chicago.
BREWER BOPPER
Milwaukee newcomer Eric Thames has tied a franchise record by homering in five straight games. They connected Monday night against Cubs righty John Lackey and can set the club mark when the Brewers are back at Wrigley Field.
Thames matched the homer streak by Jeromy Burnitz for the Brewers in 1997. At 30, they are back from the playing in Korea and in the majors for the first time since 2012 with Seattle and Toronto. The major league record for consecutive games with a homer is eight by Ken Griffey Jr., Don Mattingly and Dale Long.
APRIL POWERS
Brad Ausmus seems to have the magic touch early in the season. Detroit has stormed to the top of the AL Central standings early in each of their four years as manager, including an 8-4 start to 2017. The team's young starting pitchers have been excellent so far, a group led by Michael Fulmer (1-0, 2.25), who will start at Tampa Bay. The Tigers have won each of Fulmer's first two starts, including when they shut out Boston over six innings in their first outing.
LET'S GO
After a lot of winter talk about speeding up, the average time of a nine-inning game in the major leagues increased 5 minutes to 3:05 during the first two weeks of the season. The Pirates and Cardinals help cut that down Monday night, taking only 2 hours, 14 minutes as St. Louis won at home.
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
Joey Helena Kohu and Tamahou James Natana used electrical cord, bamboo sticks and a frying pan handle to beat and whip children. They were sentenced to 27 months in jail last week.
JUDGE Louis Bidois was disappointed family turned up to Whakatane District Court to support Joey Helena Kohu and Tamahou James Natana at their sentencing, but couldn't help with the care of three children who were beaten and whipped by the pair.
More than 20 people were in the court's public gallery, even though the sentencing did not start until after 5pm last Wednesday. Judge Bidois said at the time of offending, which occurred over an 18-month period, the couple had six children, including Natana's son and daughter as well as their children, living with them.
They said Kohu had been “completely and totally out of their depth” having to be responsible for the children, while Natana had grown up in a family where violence was part of their childhood so believed it was an acceptable form of punishment.
“[Natana] was a father who abdicated their responsibility and effectively invited Ms Kohu to punish the children as they saw fit.”
They said they were saddened that even though they were willing to support Kohu and Natana at court, the family had not offered to help look after the children.
“I am stunned by the fact that there are a number of support people here today and while I am pleased there a number of supports I am disappointed that the family couldn't rally around and offer support to help these children.
“Children should be nurtured, they are taonga (treasures), not kicked from pillar to post. It was a total abdication of parental responsibility.”
They sentenced the pair to 27 months in jail.
The sentencing followed a trial into the abuse and neglect of Natana's three children that included charges relating to the pair whipping two of the victims with an electrical cord as well as beating them with sticks and other weapons. The abuse left the children with welts and bruises as well as being psychologically traumatised.
Kohu, 29, was found guilty of assaulting the younger of the two main victims – their step-daughter – with a frying-pan handle during a judge-alone trial.
They had pleaded guilty to two counts of neglect of children under the age of 18 years and two counts of assaulting a child with a weapon. However, they disputed some facts involved with those charges.
The father, Natana, 32, pleaded guilty to charges of wounding with intent to injure, two counts of neglecting children and one of assault on a child. They also disputed some of the facts involved in the charges.
The matter was heard by Judge Bidois over several days and the three children – who were all under the age of 12 – gave evidence.
To begin the sentencing matter, lawyer Gene Tomlinson requested that Kohu be given leave to address the court so that they could apologise to the victims' mother because restorative justice hadn't taken place since the trial.
Speaking from the dock, Kohu addressed the children's' mother who was sat in the public gallery section of courtroom. They said they had reflected on their actions and was genuinely remorseful.
“I know that no matter what I do will ever take away all of the pain I have caused. I hope that in the future that we may be able to come together and get our families together again.
“I was ugly at first about this whole thing, but I have had a whole year to go through my actions and I am very sorry and if I could take away the pain and the nightmares I would.”
Kohu and Natana had been due for sentence earlier this year and the children's' mother had read out an emotional victim impact statement at that appearance.
In the statement, the mother told Kohu and Natana that they felt guilty for allowing their two older children to live with the couple and their youngest son to visit.
They said the older children bore the brunt of the abuse and as a result suffered nightmares as well as behavioural issues that required counselling.
They said their youngest son was impacted by the offending because they witnessed the abuse of their siblings while staying with the couple during holidays.
karla.akuhata@whakatanebeacon.co.nz
Two people can look at the same photo and interpret it completely different. Filmmaker and media-artist Jill Evans Petzall recognizes that and incorporates it in their artwork.
On Monday's St. Louis on the Air, host Don Marsh talked to Petzall about their interactive exhibit, “Still Lives with Stories,” at the Sheldon Art Galleries. The audio-visual exhibit incorporates their curated audio stories of various interpretations of their photography. Petzall said they want the audience to become part of the art itself.
“While the old saying goes ‘a picture is worth a thousand words,' I think a picture is worth a thousand stories,” Petzall said.
Them images include reflections in store front windows or snapshots carefully composed to reflect the type of photography taken on iPhones. They were inspired by their trip to Southeast Asia where they were intrigued with what and where the tourists were taking pictures and how they posed.
The Emmy award-winning filmmaker and media-artist also explores how Western biases are promoted across cultures through stereotypes in travel photography.
At the exhibit, people can wander around with earbuds and hear the short commentaries.
“Everybody tells a different story and the contrast and the context are really what make the pictures live,” they said.
Petzall said they would like to include more children in the project by allowing them to give their own interpretation of the art work and encourages them to attend the exhibit during the upcoming holiday breaks.
“Young people don't know a world that they live in without documenting it with a camera,” they said. “I want to suggest that you can be more present without the camera than with it.”
Listen below for the full discussion:
Host Don Marsh talks to award-winning filmmaker and media-artist Jill Evans Petzall about their interactive art exhibit at the Sheldon.
If you would like to share your story with Jill, contact them at stillliveswithstories@gmail.com.
Related Event:
What: Sheldon Art Galleries Present "Jill Evans Petzall: Still Lives with Stories"
When: Now through January 20, 2018
Where: Sheldon Art Galleries, 3648 Washington Blvd., St. Louis, MO 63108
More information
St. Louis on the Air brings you the stories of St. Louis and the people who live, work and create in our region. St. Louis on the Air host Don Marsh and producers Mary Edwards, Alex Heuer and Lara Hamdan give you the information you need to make informed decisions and stay in touch with our diverse and vibrant St. Louis region.
The clashes in Venezuela between government forces and people protesting in the streets are entering its third month. Amid the chaos and the constant battle, a group of medical students and young doctors are risking their lives every day to offer first aid to those who get hurt.
The ‘Cascos Blancos, Cruces Verdes', also known as the Green Cross or Green Helmets was started by three medical students during the first wave of heavy protesting against President Nicolás Maduro, back in 2014. It went dormant after those protests ended.
But in late March, the Venezuelan Supreme Court Justices issued a sentence dissolving the opposition-controlled National Assembly, sparking a new wave of unrest.
“Two of us went on our own to the first march right after the Supreme Court decision,” Federica Dávila told NBC News. “We ran into each other and we realized that there was a need for medical assistance. We started going out again to assist protesters and the national guard.”
Dávila, 23, one of the founders of the Green Helmets and a fourth-year medical student from the Central University of Venezuela (UCV), said their idea went viral. “Doctors with specialties started to join. In 2014, there were four of us, now there are 200 of us. About 100 medical students, 100 doctors, some firefighters and even dentists,” Dávila said.
Medical student volunteers for a first aid group known as the Green Helmets who work during the clashes between protesters and security forces in Caracas, Venezuela. Carlos P. Beltran
RELATED: Venezuela Protests and Economic Crisis: What is Going On?
Wearing scrubs, backpacks, walkie-talkies and their white helmets with green crosses, these volunteers go out every day there is a protest. They have set up a system that works like emergency units during natural disaster, divided into three zones: red, orange and green. They give first aid to people at the front of the protest - that is usually the red zone. Then other volunteers transport people in their motorcycles or cars to the orange and green zones depending on their injuries. If the injuries are really bad the people hurt end up getting transported to a nearby hospital.
“The dynamic of the protests is such that the green zone [the safest one] can rapidly transform into a red zone”, said Dávila.
Most of the people they are treating are suffering from respiratory issues from the constant exposure to the tear gas used by the National Guard and the National Police. In more recent weeks, security forces started to intensify their response against protesters under orders of the Maduro regime. The Green Helmets have started to see more cases of people hurt by projectiles or tear gas canisters that are shot directly at protesters.
Venezuela is in the middle of one of the worst economic crises of its history, with a staggering inflation rate. According to the National Assembly, the inflation rate rose to 128 percent in May. The country is also struggling with a humanitarian crisis due to the massive shortages of food and medicines. Many Venezuelans don't eat three meals a day and some die due to starvation or lack of the proper medicine.
RELATED: Venezuela: Maduro Says Children Should Not Be Part of Violent Protests
“The support we have received nationally as well as internationally has been phenomenal,” explained José Di Giorgio, 38, a gastroenterologist who also volunteers with the Green Helmets. They get medical supplies from donations that they receive from all over the country. “A lot of the times we are walking down the street and people hand you a baggy with some gauze and peroxide, ” said Di Giorgio.
The group has also gotten donations with all kinds of medicine and medical supplies from all over the world, but especially from Latin America including packages that arrive from Mexico, Argentina, Peru, Colombia and Chile.
Both Dávila and Di Giorgio describe their work with the Green Helmets as a duty and a calling.
“One of the reasons I came back from Spain is because you always miss your country. To Venezuelans, Venezuela is the best country of the world,” said Di Giorgio. “It was this feeling of wanting to help others, and the necessity to do a little more for your country”.
Without a doubt the country's political crisis has many divided along party lines, tensions are running high, and nowadays for some, every day is a struggle for survival.
“But we are impartial, our job is to mend people who get hurt,” Di Giorgio said. “Every day before going out we come close to the security forces and we tell them we are there if they need our help. The problem is that most of the time they don't want our help”.
Opposition activists use makeshift shields as they clash with the police during the "Towards Victory" protest against the government of President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas on June 10, 2017. Federico Parra / AFP - Getty Images
As the protests continue throughout the country, so does the need for the work of the Green Helmets. So far, they have shared their mission, structure and vision with other volunteer first-aid teams in 11 cities around the country.
“These young students, I am in awe and pleased with the commitment they have to this cause… they are there every day and they don't rest,” noted Di Giorgio. “Even though I am older than most of them, is it contagious, their energy is.”
Members of the Green Helmets say they will continue on the streets as long as there is a need for their services. Their hope in the future is that they can grow into a natural disaster response team, and maybe do it in collaboration with the government, regardless of who sits as president.
Follow NBC News Latino on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
When it comes to where Americans like to shop, one thing is immediately clear: They're after value.
According to new data from the NPD Group's Checkout Tracking Service, the largest percentage of Americans spent money at Walmart, McDonald's, and Target last year.
A family shops at the Wal-Mart Supercenter in Springdale, Arkansas. REUTERS/Rick Wilking
Some 95 percent of U.S. consumers shopped at one of Walmart's 4,700 stores or on its website in 2016, according to NPD. It was followed by McDonald's at 89 percent and Target at 84 percent. That means more than 5 in 6 U.S. shoppers made a purchase at those chains.
Among retailers, Dollar Tree recorded the biggest gains from 2015. It opened nearly 600 stores under that name last year. Chick-fil-A, which is also in expansion mode, was the biggest gainer among restaurants.
Despite accounting for more than half of the growth in online spending last year, Amazon barely squeaked into the top 20. Some 42 percent of consumers spent money on Amazon, according to NPD.
Amazon tends to attract a higher-income shopper than Walmart, though the expansion of its subscription Prime program to a broader swath of the population has lowered its shoppers' average income.
Walmart's place at the top of the list shouldn't come as much of a surprise, given its U.S. division rang up an industry-leading $307.8 billion in revenue last year.
NPD's data, collected in collaboration with Slice Intelligence, was pulled from the receipts of more than 4 million shoppers.
A video has emerged online which shows Nigeria's Vice-President, Yemi Osinbajo and some past leaders of Nigeria – former Heads of state, Presidents and Vice-Presidents singing hymns for the deliverance of the country from its current multiple challenges.
Osinbajo was joined by the likes of Olusegun Obasanjo, Yakubu Gowon, Ernest Shonekan among others as they rendered the popular christian hymn, “O God our Help In Ages Past”. Press play to watch it after the cut.
Vice-President shared the video on their Facebook page and wrote:
Today Google has announced the release of MobileNets, a series of TensorFlow vision models built for comparatively low-power, low-speed platforms like mobile devices. In a cross-post on both the Open Source and Research blogs, Google released details about the new visual recognition software. Now even more useful machine learning tools can operate natively on your phone's hardware, in a fast and accurate way. And, future tools like Google Lens will be able to perform more functions locally, without as much need for mobile data, and without waiting.
It's one thing to run a machine learning network on a system with a ton of hardware power, without having to worry about things like battery life or sharing resources with other pesky apps or services. But, to pull the same feat on a mobile device, a situation where battery life is a concern, where any operation is going to be sharing hardware with basic requirements like a UI, and where you have a goal of maintaining a smooth 60fps experience is a different thing entirely.
The new MobileNets vision model will be useful for existing tools like Google Photos, which might be able to pre-process images you take to determine their content. But, the greatest use is likely to be with things like the coming Google Lens.
For those that might not be familiar, Google Lens was a new addition to the Assistant that was revealed during this year's I/O Keynote. Basically, it's an image recognition model that is able to provide you with information for whatever you point it at, and it further allows you to take that information and use it in a useful way. So not only can you point it at an object and have it identified, but the content of the image can also be used. One of the examples that well demonstrated the latter was pointing your phone's camera at the bottom of a router and having your phone automatically enter the printed SSID and password information and connect, all in just a few steps. No tapping away long strings of characters the next time you visit grandma's house.
With MobileNets now some of that workload, in the form of the image recognition neural network operating to identify content, can take place on your device. Landmarks, faces, objects, all these things may be capable of being identified without having to wait for a remote server to process the information for you. Local image recognition also increases a user's privacy, as less information (like the image being recognized) would have to be sent from the phone.
Google has released a few different versions of MobileNets based on your acceptable latency and space requirements, with a range of resulting certainty. As you would expect, the higher the latency, and the more space you can assign to the model, the greater the degree of accuracy.
The new software is open source, and if you are a developer and would like to read more, Google has a paper on the subject available here. You can also learn how to run these models at Google's Tensor Flow site, which has links to models for different platforms that you can play with. And, of course, you can read up on it in greater detail at the source links below.
Any hope of fixing Dellin Betances this postseason was probably gone even before Monday night, but another wild outing all but ensured the right-hander won't see another important inning this October.
Betances entered Monday's 8-1 win over the Astros to start the top of the ninth and immediately struggled with their control again.
For a second straight outing, they failed to record an out and had to be rescued by Tommy Kahnle.
Fortunately for the Yankees on Monday, they had a healthy lead during Betances' latest implosion, but their inability to get through the inning forced Joe Girardi to go to one of the important parts of their relief corps — and warm up Aroldis Chapman — on a night they clearly hoped to avoid doing so.
“It's a matter of me getting more work, but that's hard now,” Betances said. “In the playoffs, you're gonna rely on the arms that have been hot. Joe's given me some of these situations to correct myself and I've put my teammates in bad spots.”
Betances hadn't pitched since Game 4 of the ALDS, when they also didn't get an out in the eighth inning of a 7-3 win. Kahnle came into that game and got the final six outs.
“He's out of whack,” Girardi said. “He's [gone] through it a couple of times this year and we've seemingly been able to get them on track a number of different times. And we're still trying to do that. Because I still think he's really important to us and we need him.''
On Monday, Betances walked Marwin Gonzalez on four pitches to open the ninth.
After a visit from pitching coach Larry Rothschild, Betances lost pinch hitter Derek Fisher on a full count to end their night.
Betances exited to a chorus of boos from the Yankee Stadium crowd for a second straight appearance.
“I don't blame the fans,” Betances said. “I'm not doing my job. As a fan, you want the game to be over right there. You don't want to watch a guy walk the first two.”
They believe things are only slightly off, but remains aware they might not have the opportunity to right himself.
“Physically, I feel fine,'' Betances said. “I'm keeping my head up high.”
Kahnle entered and gave up a single to Cameron Maybin to load the bases and then struck out George Springer for the first out of the inning. Kahnle followed with a walk to Alex Bregman to force in a run — charged to Betances — as Chapman began to loosen with Jose Altuve coming to the plate.
Kahnle got Altuve to ground into a game-ending double play to get Betances off the hook and keep Chapman from having to pitch.
Adam Warren, who had also slipped into the team's witness protection program, had a better night.
Warren came in and pitched two scoreless innings after CC Sabathia's six shutout frames in their first appearance since giving up a run in a loss to the Indians in Game 1 of the ALDS.
Prior to that outing, Warren had pitched just once since Sept. 1; they missed much of the month with back spasms.
So while Warren may have taken a step toward redemption, Betances is even deeper into their morass.
“The good thing is we're winning games,” Betances said. “I've had a lot of success in this game and I know I can get back to that and be the pitcher I know I can be.”
BELFAST, Ireland — Real Madrid midfielder Toni Kroos has been released from Germany's World Cup qualifying squad to allow them to recover from a rib injury.
Kroos recently missed games for Madrid with the same injury but played in Germany's 3-1 win over Northern Ireland on Thursday, helping the team secure qualification for next year's tournament in Russia.
The German soccer federation says Kroos left the team hotel in Belfast on Friday morning in order to “fully heal.”
Germany coach Joachim Loew says “we know what Toni can give us. When it comes down to it we can always rely on him. The deciding factor was that they are completely fit for next year.”
Germany plays Azerbaijan on Sunday as it bids to complete qualification with 10 wins from 10 games.
World record holder and Olympic and World 400m champion Wayde van Niekerk and their coach Ans Botha share with us how their special relationship works.
One of the biggest problems fantasy baseball owners have at this time of year is deciding which way to go with a struggling veteran.
You look at track records and see years of stable production, but the current struggles have you asking yourself if this is the year the wheels finally fall off the wagon. You can't cut them outright, but you also don't want to sell them for pennies on the dollar for fear they will rebound to their usual form.
You also don't want to be left holding the bag when the bottom falls out, like being the last one without a seat in a game of musical chairs. But though you need to stick it out with players such as Miguel Cabrera and Edwin Encarnacion, it just might be time to end your relationship with Carlos Gonzalez.
Health is always a sticking point when you discuss a player like Gonzalez, but after two straight seasons of them playing at least 150 games, you have to turn your attention away from injuries. Players get hurt all the time and predicting them is an exercise in futility.
If Gonzalez gets hurt and misses time, you're sitting on the short end of the stick with regard to offensive production anyway. So in this case, we must turn away from the health issue and turn our attention more toward actual production.
The 40 home runs they smacked in 2015 were a huge boost to fantasy owners, and many were back to touting them as one of the best all-around players in the game. Sure, there is the Coors Field effect, so until the Rockies actually trade him, it is something you need to calculate into their overall value. But when they dropped back down to 25 last season, a number much closer to their average numbers over the past five seasons, you had to be concerned.
There was nothing terribly off about their swing rates or the majority of their batted-ball data, but when you saw the steady increase in soft contact and subsequent dip in their isolated power (ISO), a number which measures a player's raw power through extra-base hits, your acceptance of their decline should have been in order.
The increase in soft contact has continued this year, and now we're seeing it affect some of their other batted-ball data. Their line-drive rate has dropped significantly, the ground-ball rate is up, and though you may be able to blame the .192 average on some bad luck and a low BABIP, the fact that their GB/FB rate has increased steadily over the past four years should give you pause.
It is more than just being unlucky, and it isn't like they are up there blindly hacking away. Their plate discipline numbers actually continue to hover right around their career averages. They just aren't able to put good wood on the ball anymore.
On top of the declining production, Gonzalez could be in trouble in other ways. Though no one expects Mark Reynolds to continue hitting at such a torrid pace, the Rockies have been forced to keep their bat in the lineup regularly, which has pushed Ian Desmond back to the outfield.
Yes, Gerardo Parra has been the one to go to the bench, but what happens when David Dahl is ready to return? The Rockies have been anxiously awaiting their return, but if Reynolds is at first, Desmond is in left and Charlie Blackmon remains entrenched in center, the team will have to decide between youth and upside versus a struggling veteran they've been thinking about dealing for the past two years.
It isn't even like the team could platoon Dahl and Gonzalez, because both are left-handed bats, nor would you want to either. If you're going to develop Dahl and allow them to blossom into the power/speed threat Gonzalez used to be, you have to give them a chance to play full-time.
Despite their current record, the Rockies unlikely are to make the playoffs, so the team needs to be looking ahead. Another exploration into the trade market seems more like a probability than it does a possibility.
Obviously, Gonzalez could work their way out of this mess with a strong performance, and this week's homestand could be the catalyst, but how will that sustain with a road trip to one of their divisional rivals' homes like pitcher-friendly Petco or AT&T Park? The team needs consistency, not just a guy who hits well at home, a notorious trademark of Gonzalez.
The club knows it needs to move on from their aging superstar, and having Dahl ready only helps usher Gonzalez out the door more quickly. As a fantasy owner, it is going to be your job to shove them out your door before the Rockies shove them out of theirs.
Howard Bender is the VP of operations and head of content at FantasyAlarm.com. Follow them on Twitter @rotobuzzguy and catch them on the “Fantasy Alarm Radio Show” on the SiriusXM fantasy sports channel weekdays from 4-6 p.m.
Trump's sharp comments came shortly after Iranian president Hassan Rouhani reportedly warned of "severe consequences" if the administration "betrays the deal."
"I am telling those in the White House that if they do not live up to their commitments ... the Iranian government will firmly react," they said, according to Reuters. "If anyone betrays the deal, they should know that they would face severe consequences."
Shortly after the pomp and pageantry of Trump's first official state visit began on Tuesday, their split with Macron on the Iran nuclear deal was on display.
The White House has hoped to enlist European allies in new negotiations with Iran, but Europeans are pushing back on the idea of canceling the agreement, saying it would alienate Iran and prompt it to go rogue. Macron believes it would be a mistake to end the deal.
"We made this terrible deal, but we're going to discuss it," Trump said.
In May, Trump will once again have to decide whether to recertify the Iran deal to Congress. If they don't, they could begin the process to reversing the deal. Iran has threatened to resume enrichment activities if the deal collapses.
Macron said Tuesday the Iran deal needed to be discussed in the broader context of the region.
"We have a common objective," Macron said. "We want to make sure there's no escalation and no nuclear proliferation in the region. We now need to find the right path forward."
Though nutrition can be highly personalized, one thing most of us share is the urge to let loose every now and then. Whether that's a couple of slices of pizza on a Friday night or an ice cream cone on a hot summer day, sometimes the call of the craving is just too hard to deny. Whether giving into these cravings helps or hurts you in the long run is largely a matter of how you approach it. So, I turned to the pros — nationally recognized registered dietitians — for the top do's and don'ts for staying in control of cravings.
DON'T DO THIS
1. Don't get consumed by guilt
Like most of the dietitians I spoke to, Patricia Bannan, RDN, a nutrition expert in Los Angeles isn't fond of the term ‘cheat.' According to Bannan, “It feeds into the concept of foods being ‘good' or ‘bad' or worse, relates your food choices to you as a person being ‘good' or ‘bad.'”
To avoid eating monstrous portions of your favorite foods, try a small version every day and take the time to enjoy it. To avoid eating monstrous portions of your favorite foods, try a small version every day and take the time to enjoy it.
People often tell me about that critical voice in their head that judges them for overeating. I always advise them to dial that voice down. I've said it before but it's worth repeating: When you take a wrong turn, your GPS doesn't judge you. Instead, they gently remind you to take the next U-turn. Bannan offers this gentle reminder: “There are certainly times when people overeat unhealthy foods and feel emotionally and/or physically bad afterwards. The other extreme can be when people deprive themselves completely of all foods they consider ‘bad,' like ice cream, French fries or chocolate, and then unnecessarily lack enjoyment in their diet or eventually overindulge. It's really your total diet and total lifestyle that matters.”
In other words, let go of the guilt and return to healthier choices at your next eating occasion. One indulgence won't make or break a mostly healthy menu.
2. Don't turn a cheat meal into a cheat day, week or month
“While I'm not a fan of the word ‘cheat,' I think it's perfectly fine to occasionally indulge. Just do it smartly. Choose one thing you really want, whether it's ice cream or a pina colada, but don't give yourself excuses to turn the one indulgence into a whole day or week of overindulging!” advises Amy Gorin, RDN, owner of Amy Gorin Nutrition in Jersey City, NJ.
Another way to look at this: Have the French toast at brunch, but then steer yourself toward a luscious seasonal salad at your next meal. After all, when you drop your smart phone and crack the screen, you don't take the next chance to hurl it across the room. Apply that thinking to your menu. Have what you want, but don't turn it into all-day cheat fest.
3. Don't go into an indulgent meal all-out starving
If you know you're heading to happy hour or Sunday brunch with friends, it's helpful to plan smartly. You want to spend time with friends, not wolf down the first thing you see — and everything else in eyesight. If I'm brunching at 11 AM but I've been up since 8 AM, I might munch on a banana or a bowl of berries before heading out. That way, I can make better choices from the menu, opting for, say, avocado toast with a poached egg instead of a stack of pancakes with whipped cream.
An invitation to happy hour might call for a small piece of cheese with some sliced peppers or a side of grapes, allowing me to share the heaping plate of nachos rather than dine on them solo. And speaking of happy hour, remember that booze lowers your inhibitions so stick with one beer, glass of wine or low-sugar cocktail so that you stay in charge of your choices.
DO THIS INSTEAD
1. Do indulge your cravings
All of the pros I consulted with want you to enjoy your cravings. Kaleigh McMordie, RDN from Lubbock, TX has this sage advice: “I think the best food to conquer a craving is the food you are craving.” Like others, McMordie doesn't believe in cheat meals or going cold turkey on some of your favorite foods. “Denying your body what it really wants often leads to either obsessing about the food, or continuing to eat and seek out foods that won't ever satisfy you. Either one can lead to over-eating.”
The best food to conquer a craving is the food you are craving. The best food to conquer a craving is the food you are craving.
I view cooking and eating as an act of love. It's a beautiful expression to cook someone a meal or break bread with friends. This translates well to the concept of mindfulness and allowing yourself to eat foods you love. In other words, having a fresh, hot, small batch doughnut — a personal favorite of mine — on rare occasions is treating myself with loving kindness. Having one each day is not a loving act, since it isn't treating myself with care. This example also illustrates what most dietitians know — that some treats are totally worth it, while others are just ‘meh.' If you're going for it, make sure it's worth it!
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Bitcoin plunged below $8,000 on Friday, a whopping 60 percent drop from its high less than two months ago, before rebounding.
After skyrocketing to a record $19,000 per bitcoin in December, the digital asset has endured a series of steep drops, drastic for even the notoriously volatile crypto trade.
Smaller cryptocurrencies were down, too, with Ethereum off more than 25 percent, Ripple down 30 percent and Bitcoin Cash down 24 percent at some points.
The cryptocurrency markets were joined by the U.S. stock market. The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped more than 650 points on Friday, finishing its worst week in two years.
Those people who held on to their bitcoins enjoyed some relief, though, with bitcoin's price rebounding to trade around $8,700 as of Friday afternoon.
But the broader decline has stoked fears that bitcoin skeptics were right to call its rise a bubble. If bitcoin is a modern-day "tulip mania," the bloom appears to be off the rose.
At least, that is, if you bought after late November, when bitcoin's rally turned it from a fringe technology into a hotly debated commodity.
"Anyone who bought before Thanksgiving is still playing with house money," Nick Colas at DataTrek Research, an analyst who's been covering cryptocurrency for over four years, told NBC News. "Most long-term holders are still OK."
Bitcoin's price is still up more than 760 percent in the past 12 months, with other cryptocurrencies seeing similar increases. But it can't be missed that over $100 billion has been wiped off the torrid crypto market in the past 24 hours.
In the latest fallout from the scandal rocking the gymnastics world, the coordinator of the U.S. women's team stepped down Friday, citing stress from "the present climate."
Valeri Liukin — a former Soviet Olympic champion and the father of 2008 U.S. gold-medal winner Nastia Liukin — had been the coordinator since September 2016, when they took over from famed coach Marta Karolyi.
Valeri Liukin, seen here in 2012, resigned Friday as coordinator of the U.S. women's gymnastics team. Charles Rex Arbogast / AP file
"I was truly looking forward to trying to turn this program around and bring success to our country and the gymnastics community. But the present climate causes me, and more importantly my family, far too much stress, difficulty and uncertainty," they said in a statement.
"It is time to move on in a different direction, at least for now. I wish the coaches and athletes continued success, and I stand ready to encourage and support all of them from a different vantage point."
family is forever ️ — Nastia Liukin (@NastiaLiukin) February 2, 2018
USA Gymnastics did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Liukin's resignation, which was first reported by USA Today.
The organization has been shaken by widespread criticism of the culture in competitive gymnastics and its handling of sex abuse allegations, including the case of former team doctor Larry Nassar.
During a sentencing hearing for Nassar earlier this month, former national team member Mattie Larson singled out Liukin by name, saying they made them feel "completely invisible" when they were competing.
"It troubles me that they are now in that position, and I hope for the sake of current and future national team members, that they have changed," they said.
In a recent blog post, Nastia Liukin said their father was dedicated to athlete safety.
“He, as much as anyone else, wants to change the culture and environment of this program,” they wrote. “The first step was offering one of their two gyms, WOGA in Texas, as a temporary place for the Women's National Team while they search for a new Training Center.
”He continues to stay committed to providing a safe environment for these young women working so hard at a sport we all love so much.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed USA Gymnastics board resigns in wake of Larry Nassar scandal 1:51 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Liukin's resignation is only the latest personnel change since the scandal erupted. The former president of USA Gymnastics was forced out last year, and the entire board resigned under pressure this month. And USA Gymnastics cut ties with the Karolyi Ranch, where some elite gymnasts say they were sexually abused by Nassar or mistreated by coaches.
The U.S. Olympic Committee announced Friday that two former federal prosecutors would lead a fully independent probe of how the allegations against Nassar were handled.
Six Olympic gymnasts, including 2016-star Simone Biles, have accused Nassar of abusing them.
Welcome to what we call, The Gronk Chronicles.
This is where we show you we're not above the proverbial “I told you so.” We told you not to take a tight end early. We advised against investing a second-round pick in Rob Gronkowski, or a third-round pick in Jordan Reed, or a fifth-round pick in Tyler Eifert.
You can lead a horse to water … yada, yada, yada … but ultimately, it's your team and the final decisions are made by you. But some of you didn't listen, and now you're running back to be rescued from a problem we spent months trying to help you avoid.
Though you might have thought you were gaining an advantage over your competition by owning one of these “top-tier” tight ends, each had numerous red flags heading into the season and all three have now burned their owners for the exact reasons we told you not to draft them.
When the Patriots declared Gronk inactive for Thursday night, it marked the third week of this short season in which they failed to deliver on their draft price. They did have two weeks with at least 85 yards and a touchdown and even had a 100-yard effort once, but even that game they left injured. The rest of the time, they have been outscored by numerous tight ends who either were late-round picks or waiver claims. Now, looking ahead, we have questions about their health again.
When the top tier at a position is so thin and so marred by injuries, it makes more sense to stream in players with better matchups. It takes some added weekly research, but the payoff is significantly better. Austin Hooper was a Week 1 darling, and the subsequent weeks were highlighted by names like Eric Ebron, David Njoku and Tyler Kroft. This week, Cameron Brate was considered a top streamer and they had five catches for 68 yards and a touchdown Thursday.
Looking to the rest of Week 5, you'll find a number of tight ends who will outproduce the top tier. Austin Seferian-Jenkins has a soft matchup — Cleveland bleeds points to the tight end position. Zach Miller should be leaned on heavily by rookie quarterback Mitch Trubisky in a surprisingly favorable match-up with Minnesota. And don't sleep on Hunter Henry this week, because the Giants struggle mightily here as well.
Of course there will be weeks in which Gronk pays off. But how many will there be? The investment you made deserves a full 16 weeks, and that is not something they can deliver. Learn the lesson, set your sights lower at tight end and spare yourself another chapter of The Gronk Chronicles.
Howard Bender is the VP of operations and head of content at FantasyAlarm.com. Follow them on Twitter @rotobuzzguy and catch them on the “Fantasy Alarm Radio Show” on the SiriusXM fantasy sports channel weekdays from 4-6 p.m.
Related Coverage Former Salem attorney takes plea deal in theft case
WARREN, Ohio (WYTV) – A former Salem attorney was sentenced Monday for stealing $50,000 from a client.
Trumbull County Common Pleas Court Judge Peter Kontos sentenced Virginia Barborak to 90 days of house arrest and five years of probation. They were also ordered to pay a $7,500 fine and perform 250 hours of community service.
Barborak was disbarred by the Ohio Supreme Court.
Prosecutors say they misused more than $50,000 of their client's money.
If the cooler weather has you longing for comfort food, look no further than the 15th Annual Chili Cook Off and Car Show. On Saturday, October 14, Woodbridge Winery will host the California State Competition sanctioned by the Chili Appreciation Society International (CASI).
These folks are serious about their chili, so expect some off-the-chart flavors and interesting spice combinations. The event will be held from 9 AM to 3 PM and features the chili competition, salsa and guacamole competition, live music, and vendor booths.
Guests can expect a unique car show including Fords, Chevy's, and Mopars. Be sure to check out the chili and vote your favorite for the People's Choice Award. You can't go wrong with all of this food, fun, and wine. Proceeds benefit the Lodi Public Library Foundation.
Check out the Chili:
Woodbridge Winery
5950 E. Woodbridge Rd., Acampo
(209) 365-8139
Another night, another smackdown.
The Yankees pounded the Twins with four homers and CC Sabathia kept Minnesota off-balance all night in another rout in The Bronx on Tuesday, this one an 8-3 Yankee win.
It was the Yankees' fourth straight victory and fifth in six games. In the four wins, the Yankees have outscored their opponents 36-6.
Sabathia showed again they are capable of pitching very effectively despite a loss of velocity. They gave up just an unearned run on two hits over six innings, sending Minnesota to a fourth consecutive loss.
Gary Sanchez homered twice and Didi Gregorius and Aaron Judge also went deep, as the Yankees knocked out Minnesota's promising right-hander Jose Berrios in the fifth inning.
The only drama came in the seventh, courtesy of another calamitous outing by Dellin Betances.
Entering a 5-1 game, the struggling right-hander issued a leadoff walk and made an error on a pickoff attempt to help set up the Twins' second run. It was one of four errors committed by the Yankees.
After Betances got just one out, David Robertson came on to finish the seventh.
Homers by Judge and Sanchez in the bottom of the inning gave the Yankees some insurance.
The most important performance came from Sabathia in their second outing since being sidelined with a strained hip.
“He's continuing to make that transition to this stage of their career, where they were a dominant power pitcher for so long, now we've seen them have success pitching with less stuff,” manager Aaron Boone said before the game. “He's just got a real good feel for pitching and the ability to repeat [his delivery]. You add it all up and that's why he's still successful this deep into their career.”
With two outs and no one on in the top of the first, Sabathia walked Miguel Sano before Eduardo Escobar ripped a double into the right-field corner, where Judge mishandled the ball off the wall, allowing Sano to score and Escobar to reach third.
Sabathia got Eddie Rosario to ground to first to get out of the inning with just the unearned run having scored. The lefty needed 23 pitches in the first after throwing 71 total in their previous outing.
They bounced back with an easy second and retired eight straight.
After Berrios whiffed Giancarlo Stanton to start the bottom of the second for their third straight strikeout, Sanchez tied the game with a homer to right. It was Sanchez's first home run since they hit a pair at Fenway Park on April 11.
Berrios had made four starts prior to Tuesday and pitched at least seven innings without giving up a run in three of them, but the Yankees scored against them in every inning after the first.
In the third, Brett Gardner drew a one-out walk and Judge rocketed a double that one-hopped the wall in left, sending Gardner to third. Gregorius flared a single to left to give the Yankees a 2-1 lead. Stanton followed by striking out on three pitches, drawing their first boos of the night after they reached base five times on Monday. Sanchez grounded to short to end the inning.
Sabathia gave up a single with one out in the fourth — a liner up the middle by Escobar — but they were erased when Sanchez threw them out trying to steal second, thanks to a nice play by Gleyber Torres applying the tag.
Torres drove in their first run with a single in the fourth.
The Yankees knocked Berrios out an inning later when Judge led off with a hit and Gregorius crushed their eighth homer of the year to right. It was Berrios' shortest outing of the season.
In the seventh, Betances walked two and allowed a single — and Sanchez made a throwing error — as the Twins got to within 5-2 before Betances was pulled, leaving to another round of boos.
During an underwater search off the coast of California, researchers found the wreck a U.S. Coast Guard ship that sank 100 years ago. Though the vessel is now just a steel skeleton at the bottom of the seafloor, the researchers were able to identify it as the McCulloch. [ Read the full story on the McCulloch shipwreck The McCulloch had a 20-year career that included battles in the Spanish-American war and patrols along the Alaskan coast. The ship met its end on the foggy morning of June 13, 1917, when it collided with the SS Governor, a passenger steamship.
Olonisakin visits injured troops in Chad – The Nation Newspaper
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
900-year-old 'polar princess' mummy still has eyelashes The miraculous mummy of a “polar princess” has been found close to the Arctic Circle, their long eyelashes and hair still intact after 900 years. Them haunting face and features...
Inside the Arctic's 'unprecedented' report card The Arctic Report Card is here — and the heat is on to find a stop to the massive decline in sea ice and snow. The report, sponsored by the...
This shark may have been 400 years old WASHINGTON — In the cold waters of the Arctic, a denizen of the deep lurked for centuries. Now scientists calculate that this female Greenland shark was the Earth's oldest living...
Temperatures spike 50 degrees above normal at the North Pole There has been a heat wave of sorts in the North Pole this week that might even have Santa trading in their sleigh for swim trunks. Temperatures were as much...
The sea word: Set sail on a ‘floating book club' If not even the promise of free booze could drag you out to the, let's say, acquired taste that is a book club, here's a better plan: Get yourself off...
Divers brave freezing temperatures to swim with Beluga whales Talk about a whale of a time. Extreme freedivers in the White Sea off the coast of northwest Russian, show just how far they are willing to push themselves, when...
We accept many different kinds of announcements. Just click on the button below and submit a form.
Go to forms
Many of the known outflows of mixed helium and nitrogen are beneath seeps of ground water, which make the bubbles of gases visible as they rise to the surface.
Large underground reserves of helium in East Africa are at least twice as large as first reported, according to scientists from the University of Oxford and the company that plans to start pumping up the precious gas within three years.
The discovery of pockets of helium in the Great Rift Valley region of Tanzania was announced late last year. The initial samples from gas seeps in the area indicated that the underground deposits contained an average of 2.6 percent helium, mixed mostly with nitrogen. [See More Photos of the Helium Cache Found in Africa]
Based on that figure, independent resource assessors estimated that the underground gas field contains 54 billion cubic feet (1.5 billion cubic meters) of helium, or about one-third of the world's known reserves of the gas, which have been dwindling for decades, according to annual assessments by the US Geological Survey.
But new measurements from the Tanzanian gas seeps now show helium concentrations of up to four times the earlier average value, said Thomas Abraham-James, a geologist and CEO of Helium One, a Portugal-based company that plans to start selling the gas internationally by 2020.
Abraham-James told Live Science that a second independent assessment of the underground helium resource in Tanzania now amounts to 98.6 billion cubic feet (2.8 billion cubic meters). "So it's pretty much doubled in size," they said.
They explained that the field-sampling methods used in 2015 had allowed a small amount of air to dilute the concentration of helium in the gas samples.
But new, real-time measurements of gas from the seeps, conducted by geochemists Chris Ballentine and Peter Barry from the University of Oxford late last year, showed that the concentrations of helium are much higher than the initial estimates suggested.
"We are probably still somewhat understating what is present, but nevertheless, that gives us room to update and improve as we progress," Abraham-James said.
The discovery of the helium field in Tanzania comes as the world faces a shortage of the nonrenewable gas, which has critical applications in industry, scientific research and medicine — especially for the magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scanners used in many hospitals.
For decades, the main source of helium worldwide has been underground reserves in Texas owned by the U.S. government. By the mid-1990s the National Helium Reserve near Amarillo was more than $1.4 billion in debt, and in 1996, the U.S. Congress ordered the gas reserves to be sold off to private companies. Commercial supplies of helium from the reserve will cease in 2021, according to the U.S. Department of the Interior's Bureau of Land Management. [Beyond Balloons: 8 Unusual Facts About Helium]
The Middle Eastern nation of Qatar has also been an important source of helium in recent years, supplying up to one-quarter of international demand from traces of helium separated from underground natural gas, Abraham-James said.
But supplies of helium from Qatar ceased earlier this year, after the closure of the country's border with Saudi Arabia and other sanctions imposed by several Middle Eastern nations over Qatar's alleged support for terrorist organizations, they said.
"The supply dynamics at the moment are very challenging, particularly with U.S. output stopping in 2021, and Qatar, it's fair to say, has its share of problems," they said. "The world needs a reliable source of helium, so that we don't see the fluctuations that we have in recent times."
Helium is created on Earth only by the radioactive decay of heavy elements like uranium. It takes millions of years for pockets of the gas, like those found in Texas and Tanzania, to accumulate underground, and the gas escapes easily into the atmosphere after use.
Abraham-James said exploratory drilling will begin in June or July of next year, and the company expects to start producing the gas as soon as a small processing plant can be built in the area. "Probably by the end of 2020, people will start to be using Tanzanian helium," they said.
Barry and Ballentine used a portable mass spectrometer to make the latest measurement of gas at the Helium One sites in Tanzania, rather than employing their earlier method of collecting samples for later analysis in a laboratory.
"We made probably 50 measurements out there in the field, and we saw up to four times as much helium in these samples," Barry told Live Science. "So this was really exciting for us, because we were able to show quite convincingly that there's a lot more helium than we originally assessed."
Barry and Ballentine were part of the scientific team that identified the location of likely helium pockets in Tanzania, using a new theory of helium production by underground heat sources — such as the volcanoes in Tanzania's Rift Valley region — which can set the gas free from where it slowly forms inside ancient rocks.
Barry said the helium deposits were within a "Goldilocks Zone" for helium production, about 124 miles (200 kilometers) from the volcanic zone around Tanzania's Mount Rungwe.
"We think that you need to be in pretty close proximity to a volcanic center to have these gases liberate," they said.
Barry added that the initial research on the Tanzanian helium field was presented at last year's Goldschmidt Conference on geochemistry in Yokohama, Japan, and that the updated research was presented at the same conference in August in Paris.
Original article on Live Science.
A MILLIONAIRE English couple have spoken of their “nightmare” at being at the centre of a sex ring investigation, which saw their lavish Limerick home raided by UK police and gardai.
Grahame and Florence Brown, aged 73, repudiate all allegations made against them and a number of other people. They include rape, beastiality, neglect, assault and the indecent assault of two females - a mother and daughter.
They say the gate lodge of Dromkeen House, where they live, has been attacked by two men yelling “paedophile” since the story broke.
“We've never been in any paedophile ring, sex ring, ever, ever. I've never been to a sex party or anything like that. It's a nightmare,” said Florence.
Them husband of 53 years, Grahame said: “We just try to help people, we don't try to rape people.”
Two weeks ago, Cumbria police officers, assisted by gardai, carried out an extensive search of their 22 room Queen Anne house in Dromkeen. Computers, phones and family photos were taken.
“The investigation relates to allegations of non-recent abuse,” said a Cumbria Police spokesperson.
“Alleged offences under investigation include neglect, assault and indecent assault, where the injured parties were below the age of 16. The investigation is on-going but the alleged offences date back as far as the 1970s and are alleged to have been committed in Cumbria,” they continued.
Grahame and Florence say they have already been investigated in relation to the mother's allegations.
“The allegations had been before Judge Bell in 1995 and condemned by them as having no substance in law and were upheld by Justice Butler Sloss in the High Court in London that same year - the accuser having their children taken from them and sectioned under the Mental Health Act,” wrote Grahame in an email to the Limerick Leader.
They said the psychologist's report read that they were the “rantings of a psychopath”.
“We were interviewed by the police in 1995 and nothing became of it,” said Grahame, who bought Dromkeen House in 1988 after seeing an advert in Country Life magazine.
“I heard a voice which told me, ‘Buy the house to shelter God's people'. We flew to Shannon the very next day and we bought it. There was a tree growing out of the roof. We let people who hadn't a home live here.
“About 10 years ago I realised it was going to be me that was going to be sheltered here instead of the homeless people. The businesses were prospering enough to spend big money on it – over a million. I've never got any grants from the Government. It's a Queen Anne house built in 1702, the history of it goes back to 1320. There are 12 houses here now,” said Grahame.
They deny ever being on a sex offenders list when it is put to them by the Leader. Florence says they would have given police the keys to their houses instead of them having to smash glass in the doors to gain entry.
“They searched our house in England as well. They dug up a concrete floor in the house in England looking for a cellar that they said I had taken their to, tied them up and raped them I was absolutely... It was so shocking to me. Of course they couldn't find a cellar because there isn't a cellar there,” said Florence.
Grahame said: “There is nothing that they would hope to have found here”. The couple say they are “just Christians”.
“We are not in a cult or anything. We just have a simple faith. We are just Christians. We are just people who have come to Ireland because we felt the Lord telling us to. All we want is peace and quiet. We don't want it to happen again,” they say.
The Brown family made their fortune from the smoked salmon business.
Cumbria Police had not replied to a media query asking about the current status of the investigation at the time of going to press.
A Bronx judge set a May trial date for the “Dance Mom” accused of roughing them up daughter's instructor. Kelly Hyland, once featured in the Lifetime series “Dance Moms,” was...
AN EVENING WITH DEEPAK CHOPRA sponsored by Englewood Hospital and Medical Center by
Tuesday, February 14 2017 @ 01:38 PM EST
Posted in News & Views
The experts at the Graf Center for Integrative Medicine at Englewood Hospital and Medical Center are re-imagining what wellness looks like through a holistic approach, focusing on the mind and body as one. Certified experts are offering complimentary medically based services, including therapeutic chair massages, group acupuncture, yoga demonstrations, Reiki and aromatherapy for guests to enjoy prior to the Deepak Chopra show from 6:30PM. until 8PM throughout the bergenPAC theater. Come enjoy the Graf Center wellness services.
There will be a post-show book signing with Deepak Chopra in the bergenPAC theater lobby.
What happens when modern science reaches a crucial turning point that challenges everything we know about reality? Join New York Times bestselling author Deepak Chopra as they share new insights from their latest work You Are the Universe and explores some of the most important and baffling questions about our place in the world.
The greatest spiritual urge in our time is the urge to change, to walk the path of transformation. Millions of people feel this urge, yet they run into the same problem. Where is transformation supposed to occur? Should we focus on our bodies or alter our beliefs, address our old conditioning or pursue a special spiritual discipline? None of this has been made clear, which is why transformation remains a muddled topic for many people. Chopra will address these questions as well as practical ways to experience higher consciousness, transformation and healing.
Deepak Chopra MD, FACP, founder of The Chopra Foundation and co-founder of The Chopra Center for Wellbeing, is a world-renowned pioneer in integrative medicine and personal transformation, and is Board Certified in Internal Medicine, Endocrinology and Metabolism.  They are a Fellow of the American College of Physicians, Clinical Professor at UCSD Medical School, Researcher, Neurology and Psychiatry at Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH), and a member of the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists. The World Post and The Huffington Post global internet survey ranked Chopra #17 influential thinker in the world and #1 in Medicine. Chopra is the author of more than 85 books translated into over 43 languages, including numerous New York Times bestsellers. For more information visit: www.deepakchopra.com
Tickets available at: www.ticketmaster.com or Box Office (201) 227-1030
bergenPAC
30 North Van Brunt Street
Englewood, NJ 07631
(201) 227-1030
www.bergenpac.org
www.ticketmaster.com
About bergenPAC
Founded in 2003, the 1,367-seat Bergen Performing Arts Center, or bergenPAC, is the area's cultural mecca. Housed in a historic Art Deco-style theater boasting one of the finest acoustic halls in the United States, bergenPAC attracts a stellar roster of world-class entertainment. The jewel in our crown is The Performing Arts School at bergenPAC – the innovative, educational performing arts initiative that, through programs, classes, outreach, school shows, and main theater presented shows, reach more than 30,000 students and community youth annually. The Performing Arts School provides community youth, age 2 months to 21 years, with unique, “hands-on” training in music, dance and theater by industry professionals. It is through the ongoing generosity of sponsors, donors, members, and patrons that the not-for-profit 501 (c)(3) corporation bergenPAC and The Performing Arts School are able to thrive and enrich our community.
For updates, “Like” bergenPAC on Facebook (facebook.com/#!/bergenpacfan), follow @bergenPAC on Twitter, follow us on LinkedIn and visit our website at www.bergenpac.org.
Advertisement
A missing 15-year-old Tennessee girl was frightened of the former teacher accused of abducting her, according to court papers filed Thursday.
The petition, filed by Anthony Thomas on behalf of their daughter Elizabeth, alleges that teacher Tad Cummins, 50, had threatened their daughter with repercussions at school if they didn't go with them for a meal. The document also alleges that Elizabeth Thomas was “scared of Cummins and felt in over their head.”
Thomas disappeared from their home in Columbia, Tenn. on March 13. They and Cummins were caught on surveillance cameras visiting an Oklahoma City Walmart two days later, but have not been seen since.
Anthony Thomas' petition asks Maury County Chancery Court to allow the family's lawyer to take depositions of people with information about interactions between Thomas and Cummins, but who have been hesitant to come forward.
The petition states that on the morning they disappeared, Elizabeth Thomas told a friend they were meeting a teenager named “Thomas” at a Shoney's restaurant, but was “having second thoughts about spending the day with him.” “Thomas” is believed by authorities to be a reference to Cummins.
The petition alleges that other students at Culleoka Unit School saw Cummins make physical contact with Thomas, including rubbing their back and shoulders. One student claimed to have seen Thomas sleeping on a hospital bed in the teacher's classroom.
The petition also alleges that following an alleged kissing incident between Cummins and Thomas at the school, Cummins allegedly told Thomas their college and work career was ruined, “causing them to believe that their best option was to leave with him.”
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Making consistent contact at the plate is priority No. 1 for the left-handed-hitting Tebow.
“I feel like I'm improving,” Tebow said. “I feel like I'm getting there with timing, rhythm and things that I've been working on.”
The former NFL first-round draft pick spent two years with the Broncos and won a playoff game as the team's starting quarterback in January 2012. They were traded to the Jets to make room for Peyton Manning after the season, and their career came to a close after practice squad stints with the Patriots and Eagles during the 2013 and 2015 seasons.
Tebow's first MiLB home run
Tebow kicks off Minor League career with homer
Playing for the Class A Columbia Fireflies, Tim Tebow kicks off their Minor League career by homering in their first at-bat
The left fielder — who at 29 is four years older than the second-oldest player on the current Fireflies roster — is still a work in progress on the baseball front. Their leadership skills, though, are serving as a major asset to their current team and the Mets organization.
“I try to be myself, love all the guys, be passionate, show up to work every single day,” Tebow said. “Try to be somebody who works extremely hard, and if others see that, that's great, and show encouragement to these guys.
“And also use my experience, because I have been through a lot in sports, and not all the guys have been. So I try to give those experiences to the younger guys so maybe they don't have to go through all of the highs and lows that I have.”
Getting their bearings in the midst of Minor League attention that hasn't been seen since Michael Jordan played for Double-A Birmingham in 1994 hasn't been easy for Tebow, who spent about 10 minutes signing autographs and taking pictures with fans prior to Monday's game. Their stardom on the gridiron combined with curiosity about their baseball skills, created a circus-like atmosphere at State Mutual Stadium on Monday night. That show will likely continue for the Fireflies as long as No. 15 is in uniform.
“I don't try to think about it or have anything to do with it,” Tebow said. “I just try to get used to my new process. If I have the opportunity to make some people smile or happy by shaking hands or signing an autograph, that's pretty awesome.”
For Tebow, that serves their goal.
That goal isn't to play in Citi Field for the Mets or any other Major League franchise. Their goal is to make an impact in society through their talents via the Tim Tebow Foundation, which held its “Night To Shine” prom for special needs children in February.
“I've always wanted to be somebody who transcends the sport I'm playing,” Tebow said. “At the end of the day, if all you do is get a base hit, strike out, throw a touchdown or interception, it's just a game. But if you can do more than that with the platform that you're given, that's something really special.”
On the field, Tebow is still a question mark. They struggled with offspeed pitches from Rome starter Bryse Wilson on Monday night, and they are still working to get their timing back after more than a decade off from the sport.
Off it, though, he's a champion.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
LOS ANGELES — Comedian Ralphie May died after suffering cardiac arrest on Friday in Las Vegas, their manager and publicist confirmed to Variety. They were 45.
"We are heartbroken to announce the untimely death of our friend, Ralphie May," their publicist, Stacey Pokluda, said in a statement. "Ralphie had been battling pneumonia and had cancelled a handful of dates over the last month in an effort to recover. Earlier this morning at a private residence in Las Vegas their body was discovered."
May rose to fame after they finished in second place in the first season of "Last Comic Standing" in 2003. Their career took off after that, as May, who was born in Tennessee and raised in Arkansas, parlayed their Southern charm into stand-up dates across the county, as well as appearances on "The Tonight Show With Jay Leno" and "The Wayne Brady Show."
Comedian Ralphie May speaks onstage during the T.J. Martell Ambassador Of The Year Awards at The Rosewall on May 12, 2014 in Nashville. Terry Wyatt / Getty Images file
Most recently, May had a Las Vegas residency at Harrah's, including shows that were scheduled for Friday and Saturday. They were set to hit tour stops in Tennessee, Alabama, and Ohio later this month. On Wednesday, they won the Casino Comedian of the Year at the Global Gaming Expo.
The comedian had four specials on Comedy Central -- "Girth of a Nation" (2006), "Prime Cut" (2007), "Austin-tatious" (2008), and "Too Big to Ignore" (2012) -- in addition to two Netflix specials in 2015, "Unruly" and "Imperfectly Yours." They also recently appeared on Comedy Central's "Inside Amy Schumer."
"As their manager and their friend, I will miss their laugh, their generosity to fellow comedians, their trademark orneriness, and their enormous love of life," their manager, Judi Marmel, said in a heartfelt statement. "He left us entirely too soon -- and we can only wonder where their comedy might have taken all of us. We send our love to their family, their fans, and all the comics who shared stages with them across the country."
 They are survived by their wife Lahna Turner and children April June May and August James May.
Bomb threats ground 5 US flights Bomb threats grounded multiple flights leaving from various destinations throughout the US on Tuesday morning. Five flights were threatened, with four of them landing safely. A fifth flight, Korean Air...
Chinese airline wants to offer discounted 'standing room' on flights Would you stand during a flight for a cheaper seat? Spring Airlines, China's first budget carrier, is trying to lure more customers with a plan to allow passengers to stand...
MADISON, Wis. — A Wisconsin woman accused of robbing three banks while they were more than eight months pregnant pleaded guilty to robbing two of them and was sentenced to four years in prison.
The State Journal reports that 32-year-old Lisa Harding of Madison was also ordered to pay back money taken during a third bank robbery, even though that charge was dismissed under a plea agreement.
The robberies happened in December 2016. Harding was arrested after taking a taxi to and from the final robbery.
Dane County Circuit Judge Jill Karofsky said that while they understand Harding's health problems and drug addictions, a prison sentence was warranted because of the threat to public safety.
Harding apologized for their crimes and said a lot of things were “going wrong” for them at the time.
Sports News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: www.ghanaweb.com
2017-10-06
Sadiq Ibrahim scored Ghana's first goal in the FIFA 2017 U17 World Cup
The Ghana national U-17 football team known as the Black Starlets, the youngest team that represents Ghana in football make a return to the FIFA World Cup after exactly a decade of not qualifying to the tournament. The Black Starlets are taking on The Colombian U17 team who are also staging the fifth appearance in the competition.
The Starlets won the FIFA U-17 World Cup twice – in 1991 and 1995 under the flight attendantship of German coach Otto Pfister and the late Ghanaian Coach Sam Arday.
The last time the Black Starlets played in the World Cup was in 2007 when South Korea hosted the tourney, Ghana placed 4th.
Early this year in May, the Black Starlets were pipped by the defending champions in their quest to lift the U-17 Afcon trophy for the first time in eighteen years. Ghana suffered a 1-0 defeat at the hands of Mali in the final of the Africa U-17 Cup of Nations in Gabon
FIFA U-17 World Cup record
The 1990s were a truly remarkable era for the Black Starlets, winning the FIFA U-17 World Cup twice – in 1991 and 1995 – reaching four out of five finals and finishing third in the 1999 edition. Some of the starlets from the 1990s, including Samuel Kuffour, Stephen Appiah and Michael Essien, would go on to represent the senior side at the FIFA World Cup™ in the 2000s. Since those heady days though, except for a semi-final berth in 2007, the Ghanaians have had something of a barren run, reaching the global showpiece just twice in the last seven attempts.
Road to India
The two-time champions reached their first U-17 World Cup for a decade in, at times, stop-start circumstances. After edging Burkina Faso 6-5 over two legs in the second round of qualification, they saw off Côte d'Ivoire to progress to the CAF Africa U-17 Cup of Nations in Gabon. Once there, they hit their stride, defeating Cameroon 4-0 and the hosts 5-0, the latter result securing their spot as the first African side on the plane to India 2017. After that, the Ghanaians did not score again in regulation time, drawing 0-0 with Guinea in their final group game and with Niger in the semi-finals, winning on penalties to reach the final, where they lost 1-0 to Mali.
The coach
Former Asante Kotoko and Accra Hearts of Oak coach Paa Kwesi Fabin took charge of the Black Starlets in October 2011, meaning they have reached the U-17 World Cup at the third time of asking. Despite a strong showing in Gabon, they have hinted at alterations for India 2017.
“We will surely make some additions to the squad before the World Cup,” they said. “We had some of the guys who got injured, which prevented them from joining the team in Gabon. We hope to get these boys and we will also do more scouting to try and get a few others as well.”
The stat
9 – goals scored by Ghana at Gabon 2017, to add to their nine scored in the qualifiers. No teams scored more at the CAF U-17 Africa Cup of Nations finals, despite the Black Starlets failing to score in their final four hours at the tournament.
Support on and off the court At the annual CIBC Run for the Cure, the women's basketball team once again gathered to show support for their coach and countless others affected by cancer
By: Griffin Marsh
Sometimes the events of life are larger and more important than any sports result and our sporting communities take these as opportunities to show support and care for one another.
For the McMaster women's basketball team, the CIBC Run for the Cure, held on Oct. 1 this year, has come to represent something more than their basketball and university lives. It now represents family, community and strength.
This story begins in 2015, when head coach Theresa Burns was diagnosed with breast cancer and was forced to spend part of the season away from the court, fighting an entirely different competition.
Today, the cancer treatments are all finished. Coach Burns and the team are coming off a 2016-2017 historic season, finishing the regular season ranked first in the country and narrowly missing a trip to the U Sports National Championship in Victoria, B.C.
But this past weekend, that was all put aside as the team and the wider Hamilton basketball community came together as a sign of strength and resilience for those who have been touched by breast cancer or cancer more broadly. This year, the team raised $2,500 for the Canadian Cancer Society, with donations coming from players, family and alumni far and wide.
For coach Burns, this event means a lot more than basketball to them It is about giving thanks and remembering their own journey and the journey of those who may not be able to share the walk with them anymore.
“The sad reality is that you could not go down our roster and not find a person whose family has not been touched by cancer in one way or the other,” said coach Burns. “I think we are all going to have lots of different people in our minds that day when we walk, and it is a chance to celebrate those special people in your life, pay some special attention to them and think about them.”
On the support that they receive personally from the Hamilton and Canadian basketball community, coach Burns was humbled and overjoyed.
“It is an amazing feeling, it is actually kind of overwhelming to be honest. Last year and the year before there were so many people to do the walk, we had this huge group picture with everyone who wanted to walk with our group. It is really truly very humbling,” Burns reflected.
Coach Burns was quick to add that the participation in this event is all athlete-driven. The players organize and share their excitement for the event, and coach Burns just follows along for the ride.
For Erin Burns, a fourth-year guard on the team, the event gives the team a chance to give back to their coach.
“I think that this run brings our team together on a deeper level in our shared respect and love for our coach,” said Burns. “For the past four years coach Burns has mentored all of their players both on and off the court. Coach Burns takes time to support each and everyone of their players whether that be regarding one's education, basketball or life, so by our team participating in the Run for the Cure, it is just a small way our team can reciprocate that support for her.”
The time and impact that coach Burns puts into their players and their teams does not go unnoticed, as they as been awarded various coaching awards and guided their teams to Ontario University Athletics and National Championships on numerous occasions.
The appreciation for coach Burns does not end on the trophy shelf though as their current players echo an appreciation for coach Burns that they have heard throughout their career.
“[Coach Burns] exhibits strength and compassion, confidence and humility, kindness and tenacity.  They are an extraordinary woman that inspires those around them to want to be the best version of themselves,” said Hilary Hanaka, a fourth-year guard and co-captain of the team.
“I believe Coach Burns is successful because of their outstanding character revealed through their honesty, leadership, their patience, their trust in each of us and their courage,” added Hanaka.
While coach Burns acknowledges that their battles off the court influence their message on the court, they work extremely hard to shape what that message is.
“It is just the idea that it is a challenge and people have to attack and face challenges and find ways to get through them,” reflected coach Burns. “It gives life a different perspective and I have always been someone who tries to appreciate the big picture and have some perspective in life about where sports lie. I think this just sharpens that point a little more and makes your perspective that much clearer.”
Moving forward, the season looks different but still very promising for the team. While some key members graduated following last season, coach Burns sees many players primed to step into a new role and lead this team forward.
While the disappointment of last year may still burn in this team's belly, the walk forward continues. The unity that was exhibited at the Run for the Cure was just an early step, but this team is motivated and excited about the season and challenges that lie ahead.
Comments
A man stole the police car from 17th Street and Washington Avenue and sped away, according to the Miami Beach Police Department. They then lost control of the vehicle at 13th Street and Meridian Avenue and crashed into another car.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) - Kentucky's criminal ban on medical marijuana is being challenged in a lawsuit that says its use could help combat the state's opioid addiction woes.
The suit, filed Wednesday in Franklin County Circuit Court in Frankfort, lists three plaintiffs who have used medical marijuana to help ease health problems.
The suit says the medical marijuana ban violates constitutional privacy rights.
It says Kentucky treats anyone turning to medical marijuana as "criminals rather than patients in need of safe relief." It says that states legalizing medical marijuana have seen drops in hospital admissions for opioid abuse.
Defendants are Republican Gov. Matt Bevin and Democratic Attorney General Andy Beshear.
Twenty-nine states and the District of Columbia have authorized medical use of marijuana.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
“Oh my gosh, there they are!” whispers Innocent, my guide. I see the flick of a long tail through the tall, yellow-tipped grass. Ahead of us sit the two cheetahs we've been tracking for the most of the morning in western Zambia's Liuwa Plain National Park. The big cat slinks forward, their 8-month-old cub following in a playful zig-zag. In the distance, we see two oribis (small antelopes) skipping ahead.
The cheetah's ears perk up, so we follow them
We're the only vehicle watching. March through June is meant to be high season, but there are no engines roaring, no khaki-clad tourists hanging out windows of Land Rovers. On safari, this is rare. Most sightings are shared with others — but not in this faraway park on Angola's border.
To get there, you have fly to Johannesburg (17 hours from JFK, from $1,150 roundtrip), then onto to the Zambian capital of Lusaka (a two-hour journey, from $430 roundtrip). Then comes a smaller plane (for 2½ hours, from $880 roundtrip) to Kalabo, on the outskirts of the park, and a helicopter to the lodge, the six-villa Time + Tide King Lewanika (from $1,320 per person, per night).
Opened last year, it's Liuwa Plain's first permanent lodge, making the park that much more attainable. One-percenter couples and adventurous families come for the lack of tourists and intimate encounters with wildlife.
Designed by renowned African design duo Silvio Rech and Leslie Carsten — of North Island in the Seychelles, where Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge honeymooned — it also looks good. Their other new project is a 2017-opened beach retreat called Time + Tide Miavana (from $3,000 per person, per night).
It similarly rendered an obscure part of the world reachable. Located on the tiny Nosy Ankao island, off the northeastern tip of Madagascar, there is a three-hour flight from Johannesburg to the island — once a week (from $981 roundtrip). “Guests can literally dive reefs that have never before been explored,” says Darren Humphreys, of tour operator Travel Sommelier, which offers a 10-night all-inclusive trip to both resorts for $24,995 per person.
Time + Tide Miavana's 14 villas have private pools, outdoor showers and sunken bathtubs with views of endless creamy beaches and turquoise Indian Ocean waters. Activities like stand-up paddleboarding, snorkeling, fly-fishing and dolphin-watching will keep the whole family busy.
Back in Liuwa Plain National Park, the oribis have skipped away. Seconds later, the cub starts chasing a small hare. Finally, it pounces on its prey. It's wild, undiscovered and perfect.
The author was a guest of the resorts.
Buffalo's Stephanie Reid, center, cuts between Florida State's Chatrice White, left, and AJ Alix as they attempt a shot in the second round game of the NCAA women's college basketball tournament, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Tallahassee, Fla. Steve Cannon AP Photo
Super Bowl LII may be on Sunday, but the party has been in full swing in host city Minneapolis since Friday.
Football fans kicked off the weekend with Justin Timberlake: Man of the Woods Listening Experience at Paisley Park, Prince's private estate.
The buzzy event, sponsored by American Express, hosted celebs like Jimmy Fallon, Jessica Biel, The Revolution Band, Issa Rae and Jamie Foxx. All got a chance to hear Timberlake's album before its midnight release, our the Post reports.
If you couldn't get into that party, you could call an audible to Rolling Stone's seventh annual Super Bowl bash with Tidal, also on Friday night, at International Market Square. There, partygoers saw performances by Migos, T-Pain, 21 Savage and DJ Cassidy.
Singer Cardi B was in high demand over the weekend. Fresh off their Grammys performance with Bruno Mars, they performed at Myth Live, alongside Future and Travis Scott at a party hosted by PJam Productions.
The “Bodak Yellow” singer then trekked across town to Maxim's party Saturday night to take the stage after DJ Marshmello and Post Malone performed in a 51,000 square-foot space just 2 miles from U.S. Bank Stadium.
Other media parties were thrown by Playboy, which was deejayed by Snoop Dogg, and sponsored by DirecTV, Pepsi and Tiki Barber's company Thuzio with Rosenhaus Sports.
How should educators confront bigotry, racism and white supremacy? The incidents in Charlottesville, Va., this past weekend pushed that question from history to current events.
One teacher wondering aloud about their role is Derek Weimer. They taught James Alex Fields Jr., the man charged with murdering a woman and injuring multiple others by driving their car into a crowd of anti-racist marchers this weekend.
Weimer says they taught Fields in three classes at Cooper High School in Union, Ky. As NPR reported, they told member station WVXU reporter Bill Rinehart:
Weimer says Fields was intelligent and didn't cause trouble. But they say the quiet boy was also deeply into Adolf Hitler and white supremacy. Weimer says they did their best to steer Fields away from those interests and thought they had succeeded in doing so. On hearing about the incident in Charlottesville, Weimer said they felt that they failed as a teacher.
For 40 years, the nonprofit Facing History and Ourselves has been training teachers to confront racism and bigotry. By studying the moral decisions facing people at historical moments, from Reconstruction to Kristallnacht to the civil rights era, they hope "to empower students to work against bigotry and injustice or improper uses of power," says Roger Brooks, president and CEO. "We sum everything up by saying people make choices and choices make history."
Studies show that the curriculum produces academic, social and emotional gains in students. A time like this, says Brooks, is the ultimate teachable moment:
"There's a whole lot teachers can slow down and unpack with their students rather than get completely caught up in the emotion of the moment."
Indeed, just hours after the attack, teachers were sharing resources online, and we heard from more after reaching out in our newsletter. Here are some resources and ideas for the fast-approaching school year.
Just starting out
More than 80 percent of public school teachers are white, while half of all students are people of color. Some teachers may never have directly talked about race or racism, particularly with younger children. Brooks suggests they start by making an "identity chart". This is a way to find commonalities as well as celebrate differences.
Diverse books: Some teachers will introduce topics of racism, civil rights and diversity, especially to younger students, through books. Here is a curated list of 50 social justice books from the nonprofit Teaching for Change. Here is a second, broken down by grade level, by The National Network of State Teachers of the Year.
Teaching Tolerance has lesson plans for students as young as kindergarten that cover bias and social justice.
Historical background
The Graduate Student Coalition for Liberation at The University of Virginia in Charlottesville published a syllabus on Medium that includes primary and secondary historical resources on the local history of segregationism, as well as the urban renewal that displaced African-Americans in the city. There is also background on the dispute over the statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee that was the focal point of the rally this past weekend.
Facing History and Ourselves is an evidence-based social studies curriculum for middle and high school students that grounds discussions of racism and prejudice in students' own moral dilemmas.
American Federation for Teachers president, Randi Weingarten, shared some collections of lesson plans from AFT's Share My Lesson platform: on racial profiling and stereotyping, on civil rights and social justice, on bullying and helping children cope with traumatic events.
Ripped from the headlines
The Atlantic contributing writer Melinda Anderson created the hashtag #CharlottesvilleCurriculum on Twitter to serve as an ongoing list of resources to teach responsively to current events. Sources highlighted include the Equal Justice Initiative and the Citizenship and Social Justice Curriculum.
To help make sense of the news, the Critical Media Project of the University of Southern California offers lesson plans and resources for talking about media literacy as it relates to race, ethnicity and identity.
If you have more to add, we'd love to hear from you @npr_ed on Twitter.
The Giants are one of the NFL's signature franchises, with a history filled with memorable moments and great players. Here is The Post's All-Time New York Giants team: Offense Quarterback:...
FILE - In this May 10, 2018 file photo, women carry a banner calling attention to the cases of people who have gone missing in the fight against drug cartels and organized crime, demanding authorities locate their loved ones, as they mark Mother's Day in Mexico City. According to federal data, there have been more than 6,000 registered disappearances in Mexico's Tamaulipas state alone since 2006, more than any other state. Eduardo Verdugo, File AP Photo
Daily Roundup: Latest Football Transfer News From Across Europe
France
Paris Saint-Germain are still keen to make Alexis Sanchez their big summer arrival. But they are also keeping an eye on Real Madrid's Isco. If the forward decides to leave the Spanish capital, the French club are ready to pounce. (L'Equipe)
Both Schalke and Vfl Wolfsburg are interested in Leicester City's failed summer signing, Nampalys Mendy. The midfielder joined the champions in the summer and the German clubs join Southampton and Everton in the race for the 24-year-old. (TF1)
After only being in the job for a year, Paris Saint-Germain's director of football, Patrick Kluivert, could be set to leave the club in the summer. Reportedly tired of criticism, both in terms of recruitment and training, they could decide to leave their post early. (L'Equipe)
After Lyon's match away at Bastia had to be postponed due to fan violence, OL president Jean Michel Aulas has revealed that they had to persuade the players to take to the pitch after consultation with the police suggested there would be no further incidents. The match had to be stopped at half-time. (L'Equipe)
Spain
Regardless of where Real Madrid finish this season, Florentino Perez has been convinced that Zinedine Zidane is the man to lead the club next season. The World Cup winner is contracted until 2018. (Marca)
Carlo Ancelotti has revealed in their book that one of the reasons they left Real Madrid was Florentino Perez questioning the Italian's decision to replace Gareth Bale against Valencia. “The CEO told me the president wanted to talk to me. When I went to their office, they told me that Bale had called him. I had replaced them on January 4. Bale's agent had complained. The president told me what they were going to do. Since then, the relationship with the president changed and has not been the same.” (AS)
Barcelona's sporting director, Robert Fernandez, has confirmed that they will take Gerard Deulofeu after their spell with Milan. They have first option on the man who is on loan from Everton. “He's to play for Barça,” they said after Saturday's win over Real Sociedad. (Marca)
Germany
Mexican attacker Jesus Manuel Corona has emerged as a transfer target for Borussia Dortmund. The 24-year-old has played 25 times for FC Porto this season and has scored three times and added four assists. (Bild)
Serbia
Schalke left-back Sead Kolasinac, an Arsenal transfer target, has not signed for the north London club – contrary to reports over the weekend. The defender will decide between the Gunners and Milan next week. Their father spoke to local TV and assured them that they had not put pen to paper. They stated that the Italian side had the advantage, but that “next week we will decide everything.” (N1 Sarajevo)
The post Daily Roundup: Latest Football Transfer News From Across Europe appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CNN's Stephanie Busari Receives Gracie Award For Them Story On Kidnapped Chibok Girls
CNN's Supervising Producer for Africa, Stephanie Busari Receives Gracie Award for Them Story on Kidnapped Chibok Girls
The Supervising Producer, CNN Africa, Stephanie Busari has received the prestigious Gracie Award in the US for their work on the story of the kidnapped Chibok school girls.
The Gracie Awards recognizes exemplary programming created by women, for women and about women in all facets of media and entertainment, as well as individuals who have made inspirational contributions to the industry.
On their win, Stephanie said “I am thrilled to receive a Gracie award for our work on the story of the kidnapped Chibok school girls.
This award is really for them, and the thousands of girls kidnapped and abused by Boko Haram. CNN has worked tirelessly on their story for three years, and we will continue to work and campaign for their right to be free.”
The post CNN's Stephanie Busari Receives Gracie Award For Them Story On Kidnapped Chibok Girls appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
'Superstore' star definitely went to a better office party than you Superstore Tuesday, 9:30 p.m., NBC In this week's episode of “Superstore,” the Cloud 9 employees come together to give customers — and themselves — some much-needed seasonal joy. Feuding roommates...
'Superstore' star dishes on series' will-they-won't-they tension Thursday's season finale of “Superstore” mixes offbeat humor with a touch of pathos — a combination that's quietly carried the quirky NBC sitcom through its first two seasons. “I'm the...
The Pentagon said Monday that transgender people can enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite President Donald Trump's opposition and effort to ban them.
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue and the difficult hurdles the feds would have to clear to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military.
Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban.
Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental caveats that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services.
Maj. David Eastburn said the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles.
The administration last week had asked a federal judge to delay their order for the US military to start accepting transgender recruits beginning Jan. 1.
Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly had blocked the White House from proceeding with plans to ban transgender people in October.
With AP
‘Serial' podcast subject Adnan Syed seeks new trial in murder case ANNAPOLIS, Md. — An attorney for a man convicted of killing their high school sweetheart, and whose story is at the center of the popular podcast “Serial,” argued Thursday that...
Book raises new questions in Adnan Syed's murder case When Baltimore high school senior Hae Min Lee went missing on Jan. 13, 1999, one of the first calls the cops made was to their boyfriend, 21-year-old Don Clinedinst. “I...
Convicted killer profiled in 'Serial' podcast gets new trial Adnan Syed went from convicted killer to podcast star — and now they may soon be a free man. A Baltimore judge granted Syed a new trial and vacated his...
'He did it': Prosecutors fight call for retrial of Serial's Adnan Syed BALTIMORE — An alibi witness who was never called, cell phone data that was misrepresented and other legal failures justify a new trial for Adnan Syed, their defense lawyer argued...
Serial's Adnan Syed might finally get a new trial The convicted killer who became a podcast star is getting a new chance to clear their name Wednesday at a court hearing to decide whether to grant them a new...
'Serial' podcast killer wins chance to call alibi witness The Maryland Court of Special Appeals issued an order Monday remanding the case of Adnan Syed, whose story was the centerpiece of the "Serial" podcast and who is serving a...
Maryland really doesn't want to reopen the 'Serial' murder case BALTIMORE — A court should uphold the conviction of a man accused of strangling their high school sweetheart after they broke up in a case at the center of the...
'Serial' podcast key witness Jay Wilds breaks silence “Serial” may be over until next year, but questions about Adnan Syed's guilt remain, torturing the podcast's devotees. So it's little wonder that when news broke of key witness Jay...
The study is, of course, highly academic, especially the assumption that you could convince 15,000 gainfully employed drivers to just go ahead and do something else. Putting that aside, however, implementing the ideas could lead to a more efficient transportation infrastructure, a reduction in lost time, lower pollution and more manageable traffic, the researchers say.
The main key is the carpooling aspect. The researchers created an algorithm that's more efficient than the ones used by companies like Uber or Lyft, which often require a trip to be fully booked before a route is created. Instead, it works in real time to reroute cars based on incoming requests and can send idle vehicles to high demand areas, speeding up service by 20 percent.
A graph showing how MIT/CSAIL researchers optimize carpool rides (CSAIL/MIT)
"A key challenge was to develop a real-time solution that considers the thousands of vehicles and requests at once," says CSAIL Professor Daniela Rus. The system does that by creating a graph of all vehicles and requests, then calculating every possible trip combination to determine the best assignments. Any vehicles without trips are rebalanced and sent to high-demand areas.
The system could cover 98 percent of trips in the Big Apple with 3,000 four-passenger vehicles, and 95 percent of trips with 2,000 ten-passenger vans. What's more, the algorithms would get better the more they're used, leading to even greater efficiency. "A system like this could allow drivers to work shorter shifts, while also creating less traffic, cleaner air and shorter, less stressful commutes," Rus says.
Unfortunately, the algorithms don't take into account the fact that many, if not most passengers would rather ride by themselves if they can afford it. Nor, of course, that many cities are set against ride-sharing services that compete against taxis, for safety and other reasons, despite the many disadvantages of old-school cabs.
The point of the study, though, is to look toward a more efficient future. As much as Uber, Lyft and other services have changed urban transport in the last few years, autonomous and electric cars could shake things up even more. "It's important that we as researchers do everything we can to explore ways to make these transportation systems as efficient and reliable as possible," says Rus.
(Mass Communication Specialist 1st Class John Philip Wagner, Jr./U.S. Navy via AP). In this Jan. 3, 2018, photo released by the U.S. Navy, a Naval Station vessel, right, prepares to assist the future USS Omaha (LCS 12), a 218-foot-long littoral combat ...
SAN DIEGO (AP) - The U.S. Navy on Saturday commissioned its newest warship, the USS Omaha, a futuristic, $440 million vessel named for the Nebraska hometown of billionaire Warren Buffett, who was on hand for the ceremony.
The Omaha, a 218-foot-long littoral combat ship, was commissioned at its new home port in San Diego.
Buffett's daughter, Susie Buffett, who was designated as the ship's sponsor, gave the traditional order for officers and crew: "Man our ship and bring them to life."
"Aye, aye, ma'am," they replied and ran to the ship as a band struck up "Anchors Aweigh."
The aluminum-clad Omaha is designed for missions close to shore. It has high-tech computer capabilities and can be reconfigured for various missions, including anti-submarine warfare and anti-mine operations.
"She is a beautiful ship," said Cmdr. Michael Toth, the commanding officer. "To be at their helm is more akin to flying an aircraft with a pilot and a co-pilot than to conning a traditional warship."
Other dignitaries at the ceremony included Nebraska Gov. Pete Ricketts, Omaha Mayor Jean Stothert and former Nebraska Gov. and U.S. Sen. Bob Kerrey, a Navy veteran and Medal of Honor winner.
"I am proud to share our name, our heritage and our community values with USS Omaha and its commander, and we wish you safety on your missions," Stothert said.
Ricketts, whose state is landlocked, issued what they said was a unique honor in designating the entire crew collectively as "an admiral in the great Navy of the state of Nebraska."
The ship is the fourth to carry the Omaha name since 1869. The last vessel was an attack submarine that was decommissioned in 1995.
"She represents the strength and the fortitude of their city and their state," U.S. Navy Secretary Richard V. Spencer said at the ceremony. "This ship is ready to deliver the fight tonight."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Birds and the Bees: Do Animals Feel Love?
The question as to whether animals feel emotions has been argued for years. While anyone with pets or those whom have spent a significant amount of time observing animals in the wild is quick to testify that animals show fear, love, compassion, empathy and jealousy, scientists have been hesitant to take a firm stance on animal sentience.
There is a vast quantity of research to support that your dog really does “smile” when you walk in the door. One study from the Center for Neuroeconomics Studies at Claremont Graduate University showed significant increase in oxytocin, also known as the “neurochemical of love,” in animals after they'd spent time together. There are numerous documented accounts of animals putting themselves at risk to help others. In one case, a partially blind older woman had become lost and was guided to safety by a group of elephants. Another account reports a humpback whale carrying a seal on their back aided in its escape from killer whales. Chimpanzees have been seen holding hands while watching the sunset together, rats will sacrifice their food to save a drowning friend and spotted dolphins mourn the loss of their young by buoying the limp bodies on their backs.
Emotions stem from a part of the brain called the limbic system and some marine mammals have limbic systems four times larger than ours. While we are quick to assume those species with smaller limbic systems feel less emotion than we do, there is resistance to the idea that species with larger limbic systems might possess cognitive abilities that we do not. In their essay Beyond Words: How Animals Think and Feel, conservationist and author Carl Safina argued that animals might experience life more vividly and in ways we can't fathom.
Safina also wrote The Eye of the Albatross: Visions of Hope and Survival, about one of the most emotive species in existence—possibly even more romantic than humans. Albatrosses mate for life and are incredibly devoted to their partners even though they spend 95 percent of their time in flight over the open oceans. It can take 10-15 years for an albatross to choose the right partner, but once committed, they are faithful until death—which can be up to 50 years later.
The romantic albatross was immortalized in Samuel Taylor Coleridge's The Rime of the Ancient Mariner and has since been a maritime icon. Coincidentally, Coleridge is credited for the origin of the phrase “the birds and the bees” which makes one wonder if the albatross was in fact the “bird” to inspire this famous metaphor. While most albatrosses are primarily found in the Southern Hemisphere, Laysan and black-footed albatrosses can also be spotted off the coasts of Southern California. They breed on remote islands, such as Midway Atoll, which in recent years has gained notoriety as a symbol of the plastic pollution crisis and its devastating impacts. Artist and filmmaker Chris Jordan illustrates these statistics through chilling photographs of the contents of albatross stomachs found on Midway, and in their film Albatross: A Love Story for Our Time from the Heart of the Pacific is a stunning chronicle of the harsh reality facing these special birds, and some may even say emotional birds. Scientists estimate that by mid-century, 99 percent of seabirds will have plastic in their stomachs unless we make drastic changes to stop the flow of pollution.
Whether you believe animals can feel or not, perhaps the more pertinent question is how we can show compassion for other species and our environment.
Chelsea Huddleston is an environmental writer for the Ocean Institute. They have spent the majority of their life in coastal communities and on the ocean. As a professional lifeguard for 10 years and head of the Junior Lifeguard Program in Corolla, North Carolina, they went on to a sailing career in Hawaii before landing in Southern California. Spending hundreds of hours on the ocean, they can attest to not only the sentience of wildlife but also their reaction to changing surroundings, which inspired them to become a passionate advocate for conservation.
==
Gavin Cox testified that they suffered brain and other injuries in a fall while stagehands urged them and others to run during an illusion that appeared to make as many as 13 audience volunteers disappear onstage and reappear moments later, waving flashlights in the back of the theater.
Their lawyer, Benedict Morelli, told jurors during closing arguments that the trick was inherently dangerous, and that Copperfield should be held partially liable for Cox's injuries. Four years ago, attorneys estimated that Cox had that racked up more than $400,000 in medical costs.
Copperfield's lawyers lost a bid to close the courtroom to the public to prevent disclosure of secrets about the illusion. At least 55,000 audience volunteers had taken part in the trick over 17 years, according to Copperfield and show executive producer Chris Kenner.
Jurors learned that in about 60 to 90 seconds, stagehands with flashlights ushered the randomly chosen participants past dark curtains, down passageways, around corners, outdoors, indoors and through an MGM Grand resort kitchen to re-enter the theater for the show's finale, according to testimony.
"I was having a good time up until the time I was injured," Cox testified.
They recalled stagehands shouting "Run! Run! Run!" through an outdoor alleyway that their lawyers say was coated with construction dust.
Cox, 57, a former chef from Kent, England, said they fell hard on their right side and didn't remember getting up to finish the illusion in November 2013.
Afterward, Cox said they received medical treatment from paramedics and at a hospital for shoulder and other injuries. Two day later, they and their wife and a lawyer returned to the theater at the MGM Grand and filed an accident report.
Copperfield testified that until Cox sued in August 2014, they never knew of anyone getting hurt during nearly 20 years performing the illusion on tour and in Las Vegas. They said they stopped performing it in 2015.
The magician said they didn't see construction dust on the ground when they passed through the same outdoor alley alone as part of another illusion about 10 minutes earlier.
Cox's lawyers brought in three women who testified that they also were injured during the illusion over the years, including a Michigan schoolteacher who said they fell but finished with a bloody knee during a Copperfield performance about five months before Cox's fall.
1:56
The man accused of killing a woman and their daughter made the 911 call
Follow @insidefutbol
Leeds United head coach Thomas Christiansen says that if the axe falls at Elland Road they will leave with their head held high, following the Whites' 4-1 home crushing against Cardiff City.
The Whites were 3-0 down at half time following a disastrous 45 minutes which also saw defender Gaetano Berardi sent off for the hosts for two yellow cards.
Leeds did pull a goal back nine minutes into the second half, but Cardiff scored with two minutes left to put the gloss on a comfortable afternoon's work for Neil Warnock's men.
The Whites are now seven points off the playoff spots, sitting in tenth, and face Sheffield United, Bristol City and Derby County in their next three league games.
Pressure is growing on Christiansen, who admits that it is the club's prerogative to find another head coach if they feel someone can do better .
As Big Smo will tell you, some blessings come well-disguised. The Tennessee rapper is about to release their first album, “Kuntry Livin,' ” on Tuesday, and next week, a self-titled reality...
From Bryan Hulbert
TULSA, Okla. (April 23, 2018) – It has been 20 years since the Lucas Oil American Sprint Car Series presented by Sawblade.com turned laps in Kentucky, but that all changes this Friday, April 27 as the series debuts at the three-eighths-mile Paducah International Raceway.
Joining the former Thunder Ridge Speedway in Prestonsburg, Ky. the series last trip through the “Bluegrass State” saw Oklahoma's Daryn Pittman winning on May 29, 1998, with Kansas native, Garry Lee Maier picking up the win on May 30, 1998.
The only appearance of Sprint Cars on the 2018 Paducah International Raceway slate, the driver leading the way into this Friday's showdown is Sammy Swindell.
Pacing the Lucas Oil American Sprint Car Series presented by Sawblade.com standings by 23 makers over two-time and defending series champion, Sam Hafertepe, Jr., the driver of the Hills Racing Team No. 15h last visited the three-eighths-mile oval in 2013 with the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series.
Johnny Herrera in third turned laps at Paducah in 1998 with an 11th place finish in the famed Casey's General Stores No. 47. Currently trailing the top spot by 35 points, Herrera sits only 10 markers ahead of Washington's Seth Bergman while Blake Hahn completes the top-five in tour standings.
Friday, April 27 at Paducah International Raceway opens at 5:00 P.M. with Hot Laps at 7:00 P.M. (CT). Admission for adults is $20 with kids 10 and under admitted into the grandstands for $10. Paducah International Raceway is located at 4445 Shemwell Ln. in Paducah, Ky. More information the facility can be found online at http://www.paducahracing.com or by calling (731) 434-9832.
For other news, notes, and information on the American Sprint Car Series, from the National Tour to any of the Regional Tours that make up the over 150 across the ASCS Nation in 2018, log onto http://www.ascsracing.com, follow-on Facebook, on Instagram, and on Twitter (@LucasOilASCS).
Quick Reference
Who: Lucas Oil American Sprint Car Series presented Sawblade.com
Where: Paducah International Raceway (Paducah, KY)
When: Friday, April 27, 2018
Pit Gate: 5:00 P.M. (CT)
Grandstands: 5:00 P.M.
Driver's Meeting: 5:45 P.M.
On Track: 7:00 P.M.
Muffler Rule: Open Headers
Track Contact Information:
Address: 4445 Shemwell Lane, Paducah, KY. 42003
Phone: (731) 434-9832
Email: philmkt41@aol.com
Online: http://www.paducahracing.com
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/paducahracing?ref=ts&fref=ts
Twitter: http://twitter.com/paducahracing
2018 ASCS National Driver Points (Top 15): 1. Sammy Swindell 399; 2. Sam Hafertepe, Jr. 376; 3. Johnny Herrera 364; 4. Seth Bergman 354; 5. Blake Hahn 345; 6. Danny Jennings 330; 7. Wayne Johnson 326; 8. Roger Crockett 325; 9. Jamie Ball 319; 10. Scott Bogucki 319; 11. Skylar Gee 37; 12. Robbie Price 314; 13. Harli White 309; 14. Matt Covington 305; 15. Tony Bruce, Jr. 295;
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Warrington chief Tony Smith insisted their current position meant their second Easter victory was vital to the Wolves' ambitions for the year.
Smith saw their side scrape to a narrow victory over Huddersfield, eventually winning 26-24.
It was a win that moved Warrington to within two points of the top eight, a fact that hadn't avoided Smith's attention.
“It was ugly but it was two points,” they said.
“It wasn't the prettiest of games by a long shot but we hung on.
“It's been a while I would suggest since we won both our games over Easter so, because of where we are placed in the table, it was probably important to pick up the two points.
“In terms of performance it was very much a second-game-over-Easter performance from both teams. The big men looked tired today and came up with some stuff they normally don't come up with.”
Adekunle Gold Wants To Perform At Coachella Next Year, And Nigerians Agree – Konbini
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
nataliemaclean.com
Cline Cellars Ancient Vines Zinfandel 2015
Central Coast, California, United States
Cline's Zinfandel grapes are sourced from dry-farmed vines planted more than 100 years ago, thus deserving the name Ancient Vines. The depth and concentration of that aging vine wisdom shows in the glass. Notes of blackberry and toasty, black fruit, tar, smoke and toasty oak. Full-bodied. Perfect for BBQ meats and a campfire. This is a truly mouth-filling wine. Big, long finish like a Broadway number... it's a dazzling kick-line for the senses. Warm, sunny days and cool nights along the San Joaquin and Sacramento Rivers provide unique growing conditions to produce robust, intense red wines.
Alcohol: 15%
Sweetness: Dry
Drink: 2017-2020
Harmonious Hard Cheese Wine
Price: $22.95
Score: 92/100
LCBO: 719211
Rockway Vineyards Cabernet Merlot 2013
Twenty Mile Bench, Niagara Escarpment, Ontario V.Q.A., Canada
A smooth, supple, medium-bodied Niagara red wine blend of Cabernet and Merlot grapes. Herbal on the palate and finish. Pair with prime rib.
Alcohol: 13.5%
Sweetness: Dry
Drink: 2016-2019
Terrific Turkey Wine
Price: $16.95
Score: 88/100
LCBO: 370346
Cotarni Feteasca Alba 2014
Cotesti D.O.C., Romania
This off-dry, floral Romanian white wine is made from the Feteasca Alba grape. Light-bodied with honeydew and melon aromas and flavours. This winery has made wine for 500 years and was known as the King's nectar with its yellow gold colour and honeyed notes. Pair with spicy dishes.
Alcohol: 12%
Sweetness: Medium Dry
Drink: 2014-2018
Sensational Shellfish Wine
Price: $14.95
Score: 87/100
LCBO: 484840
Alkoomi Semillon Sauvignon Blanc 2016
Frankland River, West Australia, Australia
A vibrant Australian white wine blend of Sauvignon Blanc and Semillon. Lots of acidity on the palate for fresh seafood. Notes of lemon and lime.
Alcohol: 12.5%
Sweetness: Extra Dry
Drink: 2017-2019
Splendid Salad Wine
Price: $16.95
Score: 89/100
LCBO: 428383
Puklus Cellar Szamorodni Sweet Tokaji 2006
Tokay, Hungary
The 2006 vintage now shows teriary aromas of bottle aging such as caramelized toffee. You can find more recent vintages displaying sweeting marmalade character in stores now.
Alcohol: 13.5%
Sweetness: Extra Dry
Drink: 2041-1954
Divine Dessert Wine
Price: $18.95
Score: 88/100
LCBO: 179374
How Bill Gross's $200M PIMCO lawsuit helped win PR war Rehabilitating bond guru Bill Gross' tarnished reputation required an explosively worded, $200 million lawsuit against the company they founded, PR guru Michael Sitrick confesses in their recently released book, “The...
Bill Gross warns 'capitalism's arteries are now clogged' Bond investor Bill Gross warned on Tuesday that investors should reduce their risk appetite, given the US growth rate is stunted by secular forces “which monetary and even future fiscal...
Bill Gross reportedly gets $81M in Pimco settlement The acrimonious divorce between Bill Gross and Pimco has ended amicably — and expensively. The 72-year-old bond king will reportedly receive $81 million as they settle a breach-of-contract suit he...
Bill Gross slaps Pimco with $200M suit over ouster The Bond King is back for more. Bill Gross, the co-founder and former chief investment officer of Pimco, sued the Newport, Calif.-based bond giant over their ouster last year, claiming...
Bill Gross' Bloomberg terminal keyboard to be displayed at the Smithsonian Bill Gross' Bloomberg terminal keyboard will soon be a piece of Americana. The keyboard will be on display as part of the Smithsonian's “American Enterprise” exhibition and become part of...
New Pimco chiefs aim to calm waters Pacific Investment Management, seeking to calm investors after the surprise departure of co-founder and former chief investment officer Bill Gross, said there will be no major changes in investment strategy...
Bond king Bill Gross leaves PIMCO for Janus First they lost their investors, then their reputation and now their crown. Faced with an investor exodus, infighting and a federal probe, Bill Gross, America's “king of bonds,” resigned —...
PIMCO straight shooting on bonds While the financial world seems focused on the management, mood swings and yoga routines of Californian Bill Gross at PIMCO, the smartest guys in the bond world work 1,400 miles...
Pimco big: Gap in wealth is a threat to US capitalism The runaway success of French economist Thomas Piketty's book on income inequality seems to be bringing out the billionaires to opine on the same subject. Last week it was Goldman...
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Ocado's distribution centres have embraced AI and machine learning alongside its human staff
Ocado is joining the FTSE 100 after seeing a big jump in its share price following a year of dealmaking.
The online retailer's promotion to the blue chip index was confirmed on Wednesday in the latest quarterly reshuffle.
Ocado is joined by betting firm GVC, owner of Ladbrokes Coral, while G4S and Mediclinic are demoted to the FTSE 250.
Marks & Spencer, in the FTSE 100 since the index was launched in 1984, just avoided the drop.
Ocado's elevation underlines a big transformation at the company, as well as the rapid growth of online retailing generally and its disruptive impact on firms like M&S.
The business has been selling its technology to international partners in France, Sweden and Canada, culminating in a transformational deal with US retailer Kroger earlier this month.
Soaring share price
Hargreaves Lansdown senior analyst Laith Khalaf said Ocado had had "a sensational year" in which its share price trebled.
In 2012 Ocado's share price was languishing around 60p, amid speculation that it could breach its bank lending covenants. On Wednesday, the shares closed at 887.6p.
Ocado shares rocket 44% on US tech deal
M&S profits slump on store closure costs
Ocado's market cap value ballooned to £6.1bn, overtaking that of several FTSE 100 companies, including M&S.
Getting into the FTSE 100 can often fuel further demand for a company's shares, since funds that track the FTSE or invest in the index can then add that stock to their portfolios.
'Stay of execution'
M&S narrowly avoided demotion. It's falling sales and share price are blamed on a failure to win back customers, as well as a poor online operation.
Mr Khalaf says the retailer's survival in the FTSE 100 may be "a stay of execution rather than a full pardon". M&S shares are down 5.5% this year.
Meanwhile, outsourcing firm G4S, which recently posted a fall in revenues, will be demoted to the FTSE 250, along with private hospital group Mediclinic International.
In other changes, Laird and Premier Oil are promoted to the FTSE 250. Marstons and Pets At Home are demoted.
Another FTSE 250 demotion is Woodford Patient Capital Trust, run by closely-watched investor Neil Woodford. The Trust's shares have fallen 13% this year.
Slipping even further were baby wear retailer Mothercare and fashion chain Moss Bros. They were relegated from the FTSE All-Share to the FTSE Fledgling index after their market value shrank.
Both have issued profit warnings this year, bruised by British shoppers' desertion of the High Street. Mothercare is in the throes of a restructuring.
Shares in Mothercare and Moss Bros are down 48% and 46% respectively since January.
The FTSE changes take effect after markets close on 15 June.
raw story, Apocalypse, Donald Trump, Doug Broxson
Over the weekend, we witnessed yet another example of a visible (Christian) public leader saying something foolish. It was one more example in a long line of Christians saying stupid things that make the rest of us look bad.
Or was it?
Florida State Senator Doug Broxson gave the introduction speech for President Trump at a rally this past week. In response to the speech, Raw Story got the initial scoop, blaring out the headline: “Florida rally cheers when Republican predicts Trump's Jerusalem embassy decision may usher in Armageddon.”
Well, that seems stupid. And you know how I hate it when Christians say stupid things.
So, when I read the article, I eventually came to the quote in question:
“Now, I don't know about you, but when I heard about Jerusalem — where the King of Kings [applause] where our soon coming King is coming back to Jerusalem, it is because President Trump declared Jerusalem to be capital of Israel,” Sen. Broxson predicted.
To be honest, I was preparing myself for the worst. The past few months have conditioned me to expect the unexpected when it comes to any politician speaking on religion. Given the declaration of the headline, I was half expecting predictions of the four horsemen storming the cabinet room.
I read and re-read the quote several times to make sure I wasn't missing anything. Once you get past the urgency-inducing headline, I realized that I saw no prediction other than that Jesus was coming back.
I listened to the speech and, admittedly, it was unclear, but certainly did not say what the Raw Story headline said.
But, news flash: most evangelicals (and many other Christian traditions) believe Israel has a prophetic significance and that Jesus is coming back.
This led me to the conclusion that this story (and its misleading headline) was, at best, the product of reporters unfamiliar with religious thought and language or, at worst, intentionally misleading.
So I reached out to Senator Broxson to ask if they believed the story reflected their meaning or if there had been any follow up by reporters to make sure they had grasped the nuance of their language.
Sure enough, Raw Story didn't check.
What Senator Broxson Said (and Meant)
Senator Broxson admitted to being disappointed with the response that their comments had provoked. They noted that many had taken to Facebook to leave comments on the story and on their page disparaging him, their support of Trump, and their supposed prophetic interpretation of the Jerusalem news.
But, since their quote wasn't clear, I asked them for clarity.
Here's how they explained what they meant:
What I was saying, and it was more of a theoretical, was that I do believe in the Second Coming—that Israel and Jerusalem will be involved in the Second Coming. But I am certainly not predicting when or where that will occur. My statement was simply follows the logic of [Israel] being a country, started in 1948 or 49, and that it is significant that after many, many years the President of the United States recognizes the capitol.
They had not seen the Raw Story article, so I asked them what they meant and what they believed.
They responded:
God throughout the Old Testament used peculiar people to fulfill their purpose. Those that sometimes didn't even believe in them in the way that as we do. Could Trump be one of those people? Could be, I don't know. But I don't think it's intentional, I think he's simply doing what they said they would do during the campaign and letting the chips fall where they may.
Senator Broxson explained to me what they believed about the end times, saying, “There are a significant number of people around this country and around the world that believe we are getting closer to a time of some reckoning.”
Silly, or Solid, Theology?
Raw Story's underling point—and one that has been picked up by media commentators in its wake—is that Broxson's speech represents some fundamentalist, variant theology that is hidden under the water of crazy evangelical sects.
But it's not.
It's a pretty common evangelical belief, which you may not like, but one that is not quite what the Raw Story headline (or article) say.
If I did not dislike the term so much, I might call it ‘fake news.'
Not only does Broxson's position on the return of Christ reflect a fairly widespread belief among American evangelicals, but their own theological commitment and academic training are hardly outside the mainstream. They received an education at Evangel College and is an active member of an Assemblies of God church.
For those unfamiliar with what the Assemblies of God believe on Christ's Second Coming:
According to Scripture, Israel has an important role to play in the end-times. For centuries Bible scholars pondered over the prophecy of a restored Israel. “This is what the Sovereign LORD says: I will take the Israelites out of the nations where they have gone. I will gather them from all around and bring them back into their own land.” (Ezekiel 37:21; cf. Zephaniah 3:19, 20). When the modern nation of Israel was founded in 1948, and Jews began returning from all around the world, Bible scholars knew that God was at work and that we were very likely living in the last days.
Notice how closely this resembles Broxson's own wording. Going even further, just as Broxson couched their wording in a warning, the Assemblies of God likewise offers this instructive caution:
But God's timetable moves at a different pace than some would like. Over half a century later, Israel is still there, but turmoil and struggle between Palestinians and Israelis, between Arabs and Jews, seem to be hindering the prophetic promise Christians saw beginning to happen in 1948. And many Christians outside Israel seem bent on assisting God in fulfilling Their prophesied blessing on Their chosen people.
So let's change the punctuation in the original quotation:
“Now, I don't know about you, but when I heard about Jerusalem—where the King of Kings [applause] where our soon coming King is coming back to Jerusalem—it is because President Trump declared Jerusalem to be capital of Israel,” Sen. Broxson predicted.
When you put the em dash between the two— that he's heard about Jerusalem because of Trump's move, not that Jesus is coming back because of Trump's move, it's make a less excited headline but a more honest story.
Simply put, the result is a standard declaration of Christian premillennial eschatology. Regardless of whether one agrees or disagrees with this doctrine, it is hardly a declaration of an impending apocalypse.
Consistency Matters
A couple of weeks ago I wrote an article calling out evangelicals for, among other things, our collective problems with fake news. That article generated considerable reaction and was picked up by several news agencies, one of which was Raw Story. This was not the first time they had picked up my articles, each time focusing on instances where I had criticized evangelicals. In essence, Raw Story was content to amplify my stories where I was critical of conservative evangelicals but have ignored others.
My point is not that they need to report on every story I write, but rather that they glossed over the content of what I was saying in the Fake News article in favor of simply who the article was about. And this is the real danger. When reporters care more about making a splash with click-bait headlines than about accuracy, this discredits other reporters and news outlets. When the media use their reporting reinforcing narratives about political, cultural, or religious groups they don't like, this teaches others to simply find the platform that reinforces their own biases.
Stories like this make it easier for evangelicals to discuss news as fake, because it is irresponsible.
Raw Story ignored one of the central tenants of quality journalism in failing to follow up with Senator Broxson. If they were unclear (and they are), it would be appropriate to give them the opportunity to clarify what they said in case there was miscommunication. Instead, they pushed through an article that has been shared tens of thousands of times and garnered follow-up reporting from other media outlets.
That's poor journalism.
My purpose in writing the article on fake news was not to rebuke evangelicals, but to call us to a greater moral consistency in how we consume media. As the Raw Story article demonstrates, this is not a problem unique to evangelicals.
So, Christians don't need to believe bad news is always fake news.
But, neither should Raw Story give a raw deal and take cheap shots at evangelicals.
We—all of us—can do better.
Ed Stetzer holds the Billy Graham Distinguished Chair of Church, Mission, and Evangelism at Wheaton College, is executive director of the Billy Graham Center, and publishes church leadership resources through Mission Group.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:33 First Baby of 2017
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
2:14 Time-lapse of post-Hurricane Matthew tour on Parris Island
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called them the N-word
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
DENVER — Of course it was with an aerobatic save, with their stick somewhere out of their hand and sliding on the ice, that Henrik Lundqvist passed their boyhood idol, Dominik Hasek, with career win No. 390 coming in a 6-2 victory over the Avalanche on Saturday night at Pepsi Center.
In their first game back after missing two possible starts with a stomach illness that hit them on the day after Christmas, the 34-year-old Lundqvist is now the winningest European-born goaltender in NHL history.
The highlight came in the waning seconds of a game that was essentially over, when Lundqvist stopped Nathan MacKinnon on the doorstep when a shot hit the post, then hit Lundqvist's right arm, their chest, and then fell at their feet. The officials somehow called it a goal on the ice, but then overturned it after review.
“Yeah, dropping the stick symbolized what they did,” Lundqvist said of Hasek.
Growing up in Sweden, Lundqvist had Hasek's posters on their walls, and they loved the flamboyant style with which they played.
“I would try things I saw them do on the ice,” Lundqvist said. “The way they played, the way they competed. So to first tie and then break their record, it means a lot to me. It really does.”
see also Chris Kreider's second career hat trick propels Rangers DENVER — That was some way to say goodbye to...
It means a lot to the Rangers that Lundqvist responded after a slow start, allowing two redirected goals in the first period. In their previous start Dec. 23, they allowed four goals on 13 shots and was pulled midway through the second period. But on this night, they stopped all of the 17 shots they faced in the final two periods and passed a legend in the record books.
“As the game went on, I felt better physically,” Lundqvist said. “I didn't feel good at all, but I built my game and I felt more and more comfortable.”
Rick Nash missed their fifth straight game with a nagging groin injury, but they skated with the team in the morning and also skated with a small group on Friday in Arizona, when the rest of the team got the day off.
“Coming along,” coach Alain Vigneault said.
Nash initially suffered the injury on the soft ice at Barclays Center on Dec. 6, and it has forced them to miss nine of the past 12 games.
Vigneault stuck with their same defensive pairs, meaning Kevin Klein was with Ryan McDonagh and Dan Girardi was down with Brady Skjei. The first game with Girardi-Skjei as a duo against the Coyotes was ugly, but Vigneault stuck with it.
“I thought that Dan and Brady had some difficult moments in the last game, I'm expecting them to bounce back,” Vigneault said before the game in which the pair was fine and Girardi saved a goal by sweeping the puck off the goal line midway through the third period.
“I think it was a combination of a few one-on-one situations where they got beat, and a couple puck decisions. I expect both those guys to be ready.”
After a crazy schedule through most of the first two months of the season that hardly allowed them to practice, the Rangers are now hitting a rather slow patch.
The game against the Avalanche was just the third game in eight days, and by the end of the new five-day “bye week” coming Jan. 8-13, they will have played six games in 20 days.
Vigneault said they were hoping to get some good practice time in when they could.
“It's good to refresh the players' minds and put them in those situations where they can see it, they can feel it, and execute it,” Vigneault said. “Those are all things we have to manage at the same time that we're managing the rest and energy level.”
Nick Holden returned to play against their old Avalanche teammates, having been with Colorado for the previous three seasons before coming to the Rangers in an offseason trade.
Image copyright PA
NHS trusts in England have reported a combined financial deficit that was nearly twice the amount planned.
There was a deficit of £960m in the last financial year compared with the £496m they had planned for, the regulator NHS Improvement said.
Acute hospitals were largely responsible, mainly because of increased patient demand, it said.
All other providers, including ambulance and mental health trusts, had collectively underspent, it added.
The latest reported deficit is reached after taking account of extra financial support provided by the government.
Therefore, the Nuffield Trust think tank argued that the true underlying figure was much worse, as the finances had to be patched up with one-off savings and emergency extra cash.
Senior policy analyst Sally Gainsbury said: "Given the huge pressures on NHS providers, it is not at all surprising that the reported deficit for 2017-18 is £960m.
"As we have previously warned, there is a widening gap between what we are asking the NHS to do and what we are funding it to do."
Janet Davies, chief executive and general secretary of the Royal College of Nursing, said: "Theresa May and Philip Hammond cannot allow this financial knife-edge to continue.
"Whether the chancellor announces the extra funding in time for the NHS anniversary this summer or waits until the autumn Budget, it must be both substantial and genuinely new money."
The report also highlighted that more than 2,600 patients were waiting longer than 12 months for non-urgent treatment in March - a 75% increase over the year before.
And half of the nation's 10 "best performing" accident and emergency departments were unable to meet waiting time standards in January, February and March, according to the latest quarterly performance figures.
'Incredible resilience'
NHS Improvement said acute hospitals had faced a surge in demand within A&E, particularly over the winter months. Some also spent more to cover vacancies and sickness absence.
It pointed out that 156 of the 234 trusts finished the year either reaching or exceeding their financial targets.
Chief executive Ian Dalton added: "Despite epic challenges, NHS staff up and down the country displayed incredible resilience and saw more patients than ever before within four hours.
"More than two-thirds of providers ended the year on budget or better than planned. Given rising demand and record vacancies, this is an important achievement."
Ministers have promised a new long-term financial plan for the NHS, which is expected within weeks.
In March, Prime Minister Theresa May said they wanted to get away from annual "cash top-ups" and would come up with a blueprint later this year to allow the NHS "to plan for the future".
The Port Authority official who stepped down Monday after allegedly flashing their badge at a traffic stop can be seen in dashcam video berating the officers who had pulled over a car with their daughter riding in the back seat.
Caren Turner, a former commissioner on the board of the Port Authority, repeatedly belittles the officers and tells one to “shut the f–k up” during the March 31 incident in Tenafly, N.J., according to video obtained by Politico on Tuesday.
Turner flashes their credentials and demands to be called by their professional title during the conversation.
“No, don't call me miss, I'm Commissioner, thank you,” Turner told one officer.
Turner also badgers the officers over details of the traffic stop and at one point threatens to take retribution.
“This is impacting me on Easter Sunday,” they said.
“Trust me I will be in with the commissioner of the police… and I am under no legal obligation to tell you what I will do.”
It was reported on Monday that Turner stepped down after the allegations became public.
A Port Authority spokesperson told Politico on Tuesday that the video “speaks for itself” and that their “conduct was indefensible.”
Almost 100 teenage delegates from 18 Foróige clubs across Laois and Kildare will be gathering at the Keadeen Hotel in Newbridge the first weekend of March.
Each year the members gather to discuss topics relevant to them such as these from the past three years; ‘Teenage self-determination and the shift from child to young adult', ‘Cyberbullying and the effects of over sexualised content' and ‘The importance of volunteerism in creating community'.
This year, the delegates will also be nominating and electing two representatives onto the national reference panel of Foróige where 100 young people across Ireland will help shape and determine the supports and services that Foróige will offer to the membership and communities it supports.
Development Officer Alan Judge is keen to engage with any community or volunteer that would like to discuss being part of the existing clubs or showcase the opportunities available for the members and the volunteers alike by creating a new club in their area. Visit www.foroige.ie, email alan.judge@foroige.ie or call 086 6384199 for information.
ST. MORITZ, Switzerland — After injuring them back in a World Cup race, Lindsey Vonn withdrew from another scheduled super-G on Sunday before the race was cancelled due to fog.
“Unfortunately I will not be able to race today,” Vonn wrote on their Twitter account 45 minutes before the original scheduled start.
“I am extremely disappointed but my biggest goal this season is the Olympics,” said the American star, who won the downhill title at the 2010 Vancouver Games but missed the 2014 Sochi Games due to injury.
Vonn jarred them back Saturday early in a World Cup super-G on the same St. Moritz course, and completed the race in obvious pain in 24th place.
Late Saturday on Twitter, they described the injury as “an acute facet (spinal joint) dysfunction,” though they had not had an MRI.
Vonn added Sunday: “I need to take care of myself now so I can be ready for next week, and more importantly, for February.”
The Pyeongchang Olympics in South Korea are staged Feb. 9-25.
Fog and strong winds high on the mountain had already forced race organizers Sunday to shorten the scheduled race and use a lower start gate.
The 10:30 a.m. local time (0930 GMT) start was pushed back to 11:30 a.m. (1030 GMT) before organizers gave in to the thick fog shrouding the mountain.
The super-G was intended to be a stand-alone race and also double up as the first leg of a combined event with an afternoon slalom run. The combined was also cancelled.
SAN FRANCISCO – A Silicon Valley investor has launched a campaign to break-up one of tech's oddest couples — Elon Musk and President Donald Trump.
Doug Derwin, an attorney and private startup investor, has opened a $2 million advertising blitz designed to split the Tesla CEO and clean energy tech mogul from a president signaling wholesale cuts to environmental programs. Musk sits on a presidential business advisory panel and has remained steadfast even as criticism has mounted.
The campaign is the latest — and perhaps the most daring and public — rebuke of Trump from Silicon Valley.
Derwin said he's angry that Musk is collaborating with a president intent on rolling back environmental protections and hastening climate change — against the core values of Musk's companies.
“Donald Trump has to be opposed,” Derwin, a 59-year-old tech investor, said in an interview with this newspaper. “This seemed to be an issue that made a lot of sense.”
Critics have targeted Musk for joining the advisory panel, even as other tech company executives like Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and Uber's Travis Kalanick have shied away from the Republican leader.
“Advisory councils simply provide advice and attending does not mean that I agree with actions by the Administration,” Musk said in an earlier statement. “I believe at this time that engaging on critical issues will on balance serve the greater good.”
Derwin began their effort in March, buying a billboard ad in near the Tesla factory in Fremont that read, “Elon: Please Dump Trump.” Other billboards sprouted up on U.S. 101 and on trucks driving near the Tesla headquarters in Palo Alto and Fremont plant.
Derwin said they were willing to call off the campaign if Musk renounced Trump. They met with company officials last week in Fremont and offered to donate $1 million to a charity of Musk's choice if they broke ties with the Republican president. The company did not agree with their request, they said.
The anti-Trump campaign includes a website, elondumptrump.com, and advertisements in this newspaper and other local and national publications next week. The effort will broadcast commercials on news and comedy television programs.
Tesla did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Reading this on your phone? Stay up to date with our new, free mobile app. Get it from the Apple app store or the Google Play Store
Image copyright EPA
At least four people have been wounded in a series of drive-by shootings in a town in central Italy, and one man has been arrested, police say.
All of those hurt in the attacks in Macerata were foreigners, they added.
The suspect had an Italian flag wrapped around their neck when they were detained.
The shootings were reported in different parts of Macerata, including near the town's train station. The mayor warned people in a tweet to stay indoors because of the incident.
The shots were fired from a black Alfa Romeo car, although it was unclear whether the attacker was on their own.
Some reports said as many as six people were wounded and police said the victims were being treated in hospital. Police said all those targeted were foreigners and local media said they were black immigrants.
Gunfire was heard in the Via Spalato and Via dei Velini parts of town, two key areas in an investigation into the murder of an 18-year-old girl whose body was found last Wednesday. A Nigerian man was detained over the killing.
Local reports are linking the two incidents.
Complaining Jaguars are missing the play that really screwed them The Jaguars pointed to the disparity, the glaring six penalties accepted against them while the Patriots were charged with just one penalty in the AFC Championship game. But the call...
Tom Coughlin flexes muscle with Jaguars — chance they didn't get with Giants There's a fascinating and ironic scenario playing out in Jacksonville, where Tom Coughlin is rebuilding the Jaguars defense through free agency, a year after they were denied the chance to do...
5 Jets free agency targets: From risky QBs to ignored positions Here are five players the Jets should target in free agency. 1. Mike Glennon, Buccaneers QB, Tyrod Taylor, Bills QB OK, I'm cheating on the five players. These should be...
What an ideal Jets rebuild would look like in free agency Mike Maccagnan is like one of those contractors on an HGTV show fixing up a house. Last week, the Jets general manager took a sledgehammer to the Jets' roster, cutting several...
NFL's 30 best free agents — and the teams that will lure them Post NFL writers Brian Costello and Paul Schwartz rank the 30 best players expected to become unrestricted free agents when the NFL's signing period opens Thursday: 1. Alshon Jeffery, Bears...
How cornerback went from unknown to tempting Jets splash INDIANAPOLIS — Two years ago, Jets general manager Mike Maccagnan spent big on cornerbacks. They likely will have to go down that same road again this year. The pending release...
A sociology lecturer was fired after a back-and-forth with a student who claimed a test question on the impact of slavery on black families was racist.
Judy Morelock, who taught a class on slave history at the University of Tennessee-Knoxville, was given their walking papers in April after slamming student Kayla Parker on Facebook, according to the Knoxville News Sentinel.
Parker claims the professor downplayed the impact of slavery in a multiple choice question about whether African-American families were affected by the slave trade.
The in-question quiz question was: “Historical research on African-American families during slavery shows that: A) Family ties weren't important in African cultures where the slaves ancestors originated; consequently, family bonds were never strong among slaves. B) Two-parent families were extremely rare during the slave period. C) Black family bonds were destroyed by the abuses of slave owners, who regularly sold off family members to other slave owners. D) Most slave families were headed by two parents.”
Parker chose C and was told it was wrong. Morelock said D was correct.
“My professor seemed more interested in checking me than having a conversation or hearing my concerns,” Parker wrote in a Medium post titled, “Beware of Wolves in Sheep's Clothing: The Tale of a Progressive Professor Who Forgot To Hide Them Racism And Got Them Ass Fired.”
Parker then presented research they said backed up their answer, — and later found out that Morelock went on Facebook to blast them
“After the semester is over and they are no longer my student I will post their name to Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and LinkedIn… after they graduate all bets are off,” the lecturer wrote on their Facebook page.
Parker said that they were removed from the class, given alternatives for finishing the course and offered resources to ensure their safety.
Morelock called the student's racism claim “outrageous and unconscionable,” according to Opposing Views.
In an email to their class, the lecturer wrote: “She [Parker] filed a complaint against me with the administration and they decided they have the right to impugn my character by I had no right to defend myself,” the Sentinel reported.
A spokesperson for the school would not say why the lecturer was removed mid-semester, and that they were prohibited by federal law from discussing the interaction between Morelock and Parker, according to the Knoxville News Sentinel.
A Long Island woman was busted for driving with a startling 26 license suspensions, Suffolk County police said.
Jahnay Harley, 26, was driving their 2016 Mercedes-Benz west on Schleigel Avenue in North Amityville around 4:20 p.m. Monday when police saw them go through several stop signs, authorities said.
Cops pulled their over, conducted a check on their license — and found out it been suspended more than two dozen times.
As officers arrested her, the Amityville woman became agitated and spit at the cops, police said.
They were charged with aggravated unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle, resisting arrest, obstruction of governmental administration and harassment.
 They are due in court Tuesday.
It's that time of the year again in the Lowcountry of South Carolina, when alligators are found scrambling in strange places and scaring the heck out of residents in the process.
It happened again in the early hours of Easter. A Mount Pleasant family woke up to a terrifying Easter surprise: An alligator crawling on their second-story porch.
According to WCBD, Steve Polston came upon a 9-foot alligator that had busted through a screen door and moved furniture around the porch. The animal climbed a 15-foot staircase to get to the porch.
The family called the South Carolina Department of Natural Resources. An official had to euthanize the alligator because it could not be moved, according to the Post and Courier.
State law requires alligators trapped after being a nuisance to be killed. Since relocation is not an option, when an alligator is “removed,” it is killed by a licensed alligator specialist, according to DNR.
South Carolina alligators move more in the springtime, as they make their way into warmer waters after hibernating during the winter and their movement patterns change as it gets closer to mating season. Last year, an alligator rang a doorbell, and one really big guy fell asleep on a porch.
Let one bleached-blond reality-TV celebrity become president of a global...
Vladimir Putin's toughest political opponent is not allowed to run against him.
“He is scared of all real competition,” anti-corruption campaigner Alexei Navalny, 41, told CNN last week. “He only allows those to run who don't even resist, who don't even campaign.”
Navalny was convicted of fraud last year in a case that, they say, prosecutors manufactured as political retribution to keep them from running against Putin.
Navalny has been arrested repeatedly for leading demonstrations without the Kremlin's permission, most recently on Jan. 28, when they marched in Moscow to promote a “voters strike” — a boycott of the March 18 presidential election.
Reality-TV celeb Ksenia Sobchak is the only member of the anti-corruption movement to have a place on the ballot, but ­Navalny is urging followers not to support them
Them candidacy, they have said, is “a loathsome Kremlin game that goes by the title of, ‘Let's put a liberal laughingstock up for the elections in order to distract attention.' ”
A remorseful motorist has been fined after they caused a collision which left a cyclist injured and fearful they had broken their neck.
Chesterfield magistrates' court heard on Wednesday, October 5, how Ian Murray, 74, of Jaggers Lane, Hathersage, was involved in the collision with the cyclist on Main Road, at Hathersage, as they were turning into the Spar garage.
Prosecuting solicitor Becky Allsop said: “The complainant was riding a pedal cycle in Hathersage. Their memory is limited but they believe a car hit them as it was moving slowly in the opposite carriageway.”
Mrs Allsop added that the cyclist remembered rolling along the road and lying on their side and there was no sensation in their right arm or the side of theirs face.
The cyclist feared they had broken their neck, according to Mrs Allsop, and they began concentrating on getting bystanders to call an ambulance but not to move him.
Mrs Allsop said the cyclist had to stay in hospital and after they were discharged they had to go back due to developing new symptoms.
The court heard how the cyclist suffered bruises, grazes and a laceration to their face and they have been left with pins and needle sensations in their hands but the prognosis is they will recover.
A witness told how the cyclist had been riding downhill into Hathersage and Mr Murray's car had been driving in the opposite direction and had pulled across slowly into the garage when they heard a bang.
Murray told police they had been driving uphill and there were visibility issues and they had not seen the cyclist and the collision happened as they turned right.
The defendant, who is of previous good character, pleaded guilty to driving without due care and attention after the incident on May 14.
Defence solicitor Tim Gaubert said: “This has had a profound effect on them in terms of anxiety for themselves and primarily for the cyclist and they have written a letter of apology.
“The standard of driving was essentially down to a momentary lapse of concentration while turning right across the path of the carriageway into the Spar at Hathersage.
“Mr Murray did not see them and they fully accept that they should have taken more care but they had indicated because the light was still flashing at the scene.”
Former Hope Cement Works employee Murray had been dealing with the death of an elderly relative at the time of the collision whom they had previously cared for.
Magistrates fined Murray £185 and ordered them to pay £85 costs and a £30 victim surcharge.
Their driving licence was also endorsed with six points.
Oil prices inched higher Monday, but concerns over a rise in OPEC crude production helped keep U.S. prices under the key $50-a-barrel level.
Crude oil for September delivery CLU7, +0.57% tacked on 10 cents, or 0.2%, to $48.92 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It tapped a low of $48.37 in early trading, which would have been its lowest settlement since late July. Brent oil for October LCOV7, +0.44% rose 2 cents, or less than 0.1%, to $52.12 a barrel on ICE Futures Europe.
The weakness comes after both the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and the International Energy Agency last week said oil production from the cartel had risen in July to almost reach 33 million barrels a day. The increased production came as Libya, Nigeria and Saudi Arabia ramped up output in the period, fueling concerns OPEC's efforts to cut production are being wasted.
“There will no longer be any significant supply deficit in the second half of the year, so there is hardly likely to be any further inventory reduction,” analysts at Commerzbank said in a note.
Meanwhile, data released Friday from Baker Hughes BHGE, +0.52% showed that the number of active U.S. rigs drilling for oil edged up by three for the week after a decline of one the previous week.
“The U.S. oil rig count is still rising, but more slowly and not enough to make up for the lack of completions and the existing well production decline rate,” said Phil Flynn, senior market analyst at Price Futures Group, in a daily email. “The slowing rig count will mean that U.S. production will start to level off and drop.”
Flynn also noted that “shale producers will continue to struggle” as oil stays below $50 a barrel.
“Many may be able to produce at sub $50.00 levels but can't make money because of debt and well head economics such as rising costs,” they said.
The Energy Information Administration will release its monthly Drilling Productivity Report later Monday. It will include estimates for September U.S. shale production.
Back on Nymex, gasoline for September RBU7, +0.29% added half a cent to $1.613 a gallon, while September heating oil HOU7, +0.92% rose under a cent to $1.641 a gallon.
September natural gas NGU17, -1.37% lost 3.6 cents, or 1.2%, to $2.948 per million British thermal unit, pulling back from an earlier intraday high above $3.
Millions of Americans could lose health insurance under latest bill Millions of Americans could lose their health insurance if the GOP succeeds at its latest effort to repeal ObamaCare, according to the Congressional Budget Office. A new report issued late...
Trump takes aim at their own party over health care bill After a strife-filled weekend following their rebukes of pro athletes, President Trump remained in full attack mode Monday, slamming John McCain, mocking Mitch McConnell and calling the GOP-led Congress “disgusting.”...
Trump's still trying to get the GOP health care bill passed President Trump hasn't given up on the GOP's latest attempt to repeal ObamaCare — even as Republican officials despaired that a deal is unlikely. Trump launched a public persuasion effort...
Jimmy Kimmel's medical malpractice Late-night talk show host Jimmy Kimmel has taken to scaremongering, with well-worn Democratic Party talking points regarding health-insurance policy. Between yuks, they occasionally accuse Republicans of being would-be baby killers,...
An American Airlines jet takes off at Charlotte Douglas International Airport in this 2015 photo. Two flight attendants, one of them based in Charlotte, have sued American Airlines in federal court over alleged sexual harassment on Facebook and other social media.
Charlotte Hornets guard Nicolas Batum (5) will meet with a specialist in Dallas Monday, to help determine whether to have surgery on their left elbow, injured in Wednesday's preseason exhibition against the Detroit Pistons. Carlos Osorio AP
CALEDONIA, Ont. — Ontario's Fire Marshal continues to investigate a fire on Six Nations territory near Caledonia that left a three-year-old child dead.
Six Nations Police were called during the noon hour on Friday about a reported fire in a house and officers were told there may be children inside.
Police entered the smoke filled home and pulled out the child but the boy was later pronounced dead in hospital.
The cause of the blaze isn't known.
The Hamilton Spectator reported Saturday that nine people lived in the home including six children.
Two of the children were taken to hospital in serious condition but are expected to be released in the coming days.
The Spectator reported that donations of food, clothing and furniture for the owners of the home have been flooding in.
Tourist walks into the Red Sea and gives birth Incredible pictures show the moment a woman gives birth to their baby underwater in the Red Sea. The new mom, believed to be from Russia, gave birth with the help...
Kate Middleton has to follow some weird birth rules She's set to welcome their third child in April. And the Duchess of Cambridge has to follow a bizarre set of birthing rules in order to adhere to tradition. The...
Woman tells police they gave birth to child after Steve Wynn raped their LAS VEGAS — A woman told police they had a child with casino mogul Steve Wynn after they raped her, while another reported they were forced to resign from a...
This is why 63 million girls are missing in India NEW DELHI — A deeply felt preference for boys has left more than 63 million women statistically “missing” across India, and more than 21 million girls unwanted by their families,...
Mom delivers nearly 14-pound baby — without painkillers The infant tipped the scales at twice the weight of an average baby.
Baby who weighed 14 ounces at birth beats the odds A little girl in India who was born weighing less than a chocolate bar has survived against all odds. Manushi, now six months, was born at 28 weeks weighing just...
Doctor delivers patient's twins hours after giving birth An OB-GYN who was determined not to miss the birth of their patient's twins swooped in to deliver the two babies just 14 hours after they gave birth herself. Hilary...
NYC's first baby of the new year a real miracle She's a New Year's Day miracle. The first baby born in New York City in 2018 almost didn't come — little Kazi Ariana stopped growing more than a week before...
Video shows woman giving birth into butcher's apron at supermarket Cleanup on aisle awww. Workers at a supermarket in Fresno, Calif., teamed up to help deliver a baby after a woman suddenly went into labor while shopping at the store,...
Facebook Inc. Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg saw their net worth decline by about $5 billion Monday, but it could have been worse.
Ahead of Facebook's worst one-day decline since 2012, prompted by news that data affecting 51.3 million members was improperly shared with a political consulting firm, Zuckerberg had been busy selling stock. So far this year, they have sold nearly 5 million shares.
Disposing of those Facebook FB, -6.77% shares before Monday ended up saving about $40 million, according to Securities and Exchange Commission filings and some arithmetic by MarketWatch. At Monday's close, the 4.9 million shares Zuckerberg has sold this year under a predetermined plan would be worth $855 million. Zuckerberg made about $900 million selling those shares, according to calculations using average weighted prices reported to the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Don't miss: Facebook election issues push investors toward Twitter and Snap
Facebook spokesperson Vanessa Chan said in an email that the stock sales are intended to fund the Chan-Zuckerberg Initiative, the philanthropic investment organization the Facebook founder set up with their wife in 2015. In an SEC filing in September, Zuckerberg said that they plan to sell at least $6 billion in Facebook stock over the next 18 months to fund the organization's efforts.
Last year, Facebook abandoned its plan to create a new class of nonvoting shares that was concocted to allow Zuckerberg to retain voting control of the company. Zuckerberg said at the time that the stock's gains over the past couple of years would allow them to retain control of the enterprise and still sell enough stock to fund their philanthropy without the new stock structure.
See also: Facebook sheds nearly $40 billion of market cap as investors flee stock
“Over the past year and a half, Facebook's business has performed well and the value of our stock has grown to the point that I can fully fund our philanthropy and retain voting control of Facebook for 20 years or more,” Zuckerberg wrote at the time. “As a result, I've asked our board to withdraw the proposal to reclassify our stock — and the board has agreed.”
Facebook spokesperson Chan declined to comment when asked whether the lower stock price would again change Zuckerberg's plans to retain control of the company while funding their initiative.
Facebook stock is down 1.8% this year, as the S&P 500 index SPX, -1.42% has gained 2.9%.
2019: Atiku speaks on ‘desperation' to become Nigeria's president
Atiku Abubakar, former Vice President, on Tuesday declared that they were not desperate to become Nigeria's president in 2019. The Waziri of Adamawa said this during an interview with BBC Hausa morning programme. They noted that if Nigerians could follow their political antecedent, they would not see them as a desperate politician. According to Abubakar, […]
2019: Atiku speaks on ‘desperation' to become Nigeria's president
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BLOOMINGTON, Ind. (AP) - Matt McQuaid scored 12 points and made the decisive 3-pointer with 1:08 to play Saturday night, leading No. 5 Michigan State past Indiana 63-60.
The Spartans (22-3, 10-2 Big Ten) have won six straight to stay two games behind Purdue in the conference title chase.
Juwan Morgan had 23 points and 11 rebounds for Indiana (12-12, 5-7), which has lost four straight overall. Freddie McSwain Jr. finished with eight points and 16 rebounds.
Indiana, which lost to the Spartans 85-57 earlier this season, had a chance to force overtime, but Devonte Green's 70-foot heave bounced high off the back of the rim as the buzzer sounded.
It was deliberate, old-school basketball at its finest.
The teams regularly went deep into the shot clock, and Michigan State eventually hung on because of size and defense.
Despite shooting a season-low 28.8 percent from the field, the Hoosiers sure made it tough.
Indiana trailed 58-50 with 5:05 left before Morgan scored seven straight points to get the Hoosiers within one. After Miles Bridges missed a 17-footer on Michigan State's next possession, Indiana had a chance to take the lead. But Robert Johnson's layup rolled out and McSwain missed two free throws after grabbing the offensive rebound.
McQuaid's final 3 made it a four-point game and after Green's three-point play with 3.7 seconds to go made it 63-60, the Hoosiers got one last chance when Joshua Langford missed two free throws.
Langford and Jaren Jackson Jr. each had 10 points and Jackson finished with seven blocks.
BIG PICTURE
Michigan State: Offensively, the Spartans struggled. But defensively, they showed just how good they can be with their size and length. Just eight minutes into the game, Michigan State had eight blocks. It finished the half with nine with 13. The only downfall was that the Hoosiers took advantage of second chances and managed to keep it close.
Indiana: After getting blown out by the Spartans on Jan. 19 in East Lansing, the Hoosiers inserted McSwain into the starting lineup and turned it around. No, they didn't get the win. But the young Hoosiers showed how much they had learned from the first matchup and they can go toe-to-toe with any team.
KEY STATS
Michigan State: Bridges finished with seven points and eight rebounds. .... Langford had 10 points. ... The Spartans pushed their single-season school record for blocks to 204. ... Michigan State was 9 of 18 on 3s and 8 of 17 on free throws.
Indiana: Morgan recorded their seventh double-double of the season. ... The Hoosiers made only 2 of its first 22 shots, 9.1 percent, and went more than 8½ minutes in the first half without a basket. ...Indiana had a 53-29 rebounding edge including a 25-3 advantage on the offensive end against the best rebounding team in Division I. ... The Hoosiers have played three straight ranked opponents.
UP NEXT
Michigan State: Will try to extend its winning streak Tuesday at Iowa.
Indiana: Plays the fourth and final game during an eight-day span Monday at Rutgers.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
(Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Image caption The CITB plans to move from its HQ at Bircham Newton in Norfolk to Peterborough
The construction industry's main training body has announced plans to move its headquarters from a site in Norfolk to Peterborough.
The Construction Industry Training Board (CITB) said the move would "impact" 133 jobs and affect sites in Norfolk, London and Leicestershire.
Sir Henry Bellingham, Conservative MP for North West Norfolk, called the decision a "betrayal".
But chief executive Sarah Beale said: "This is a necessary step for CITB."
The move from the CITB's existing HQ at Bircham Newton, which is currently under consultation, is expected to be completed by 2020.
The CITB, funded by a levy on building firms, announced its Peterborough plans following a government review last November.
Its proposal to move and no longer carry out in-house training was described at the time by union Unite as a "hammer blow for the construction industry and for the workers at the CITB".
Image caption The training college will go and the CITB will stop in-house training from 2019
Sir Henry said CITB the move to a rented office 50 miles away would lead to a lot of disruption and distraction for senior management.
"This is the betrayal of a local community and people are going to be very, very cross," they said.
Ms Beale said: "The creation of a single head office will bring us closer to our customers and create the right environment to ensure that CITB delivers the 'levy in, skills out' focus that industry and government have demanded."
Although it has not yet found a new building, a spokesperson said it hoped to sign a lease "later this year" and complete the move by January 2020.
The proposal was still in the consultation stage, they added, and the "impact" on more than 130 jobs and three of its 11 sites was part of that process.
Revista De La Liga – Skysports
Tuesday 14 February 2017
Revista De La Liga – Skysports
Video still processing if video still not available yet!
Liverpool's Mohamed Salah has won the BBC African Footballer of the Year award.
Salah emerged as the winner from a five-man shortlist after a fans' vote, beating off competition from Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Naby Keita, Sadio Mane and Victor Moses.
The Egypt international, who has racked up a goal tally of 13 so far this season in the Premier League, was presented with their award by Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp at the club's Melwood training ground.
"It's always a special feeling when you win something," Salah told BBC Sport, following the announcement by television presenter Mimi Fawaz. "You feel like you did a great year, so I am very happy."
And Klopp added: "It's well deserved. The good thing is that they are still young, there is a lot of space for improvement, a lot of potential still that we can work on, but that's how it should be."
Previous winners of the award include Didier Drogba, George Weah and Yaya Toure.
Getty Image
They say you can never go home again, but you can get back into your old email account. Former Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer, who resigned Tuesday in the wake of Yahoo's purchase by Verizon, reportedly can't wait to start using Gmail again. After all, they had far greater success helping to design Google's email platform than they did in turning around its beleaguered competitor.
They told the accelerateHER Founders Forum that their email switch is based on their famous pursuit of efficiency, explaining, “I look forward to using Gmail again. Am always faster when using a tool I designed myself.”
Marissa Mayer at accelerateHER forum: "I look forward to using Gmail again. Am always faster when using a tool I designed myself"#FFLondon — Wolfgang Blau (@wblau) June 14, 2017
Mayer was hired by Google straight out of Stanford when the company was still in its infancy. Through a combination of smarts and their legendarily long hours at the office, they quickly became a star of the company and was instrumental in building some of its top products, including Google Ads, its text and image search, Google's news feature, and, of course, Gmail. Then, after 13 years at Google, Yahoo's board offered them the CEO slot, hopeful one of Silicon Valley's brightest stars would turn around a series of failures that had taken Yahoo from the top of the pile to the mat.
Unfortunately for both Yahoo and Mayer, their early career momentum stalled out after the switch. They were trailed by Silicon Valley sexism from the beginning, such as the 2012 Forbes article that couldn't resist noting, “Only 37, Mayer is young, pretty, vivacious – and the embodiment of the fresh start Yahoo needs.”
Mayer struggled with how their work-life balance was perceived, especially after they took just two weeks of maternity leave their first year at Yahoo, and repeated the brief break in 2015 when they and their husband had twins. Some thought them hypocritical for building an in-office nursery for their children while slashing telecommuting options for employees who relied on working from home to juggle their personal and professional lives.
Those were just the criticisms they received as a working mother and female executive. Mayer also came under fire for their famously harsh management style, multiple hacks that left users' personal information vulnerable, and in-house privacy breaches at the behest of the U.S. government. And then, of course, there were the company's revenue struggles. Yahoo never did return to its former glory, no matter how much Mayer tried to plug the company's leaks and get it caught up to the competition.
However, Mayer may not be giving up on Yahoo altogether. They clarified in a few tweets that she'll still use Yahoo and claims to have been quoted out of context.
I will continue to use the excellent Yahoo Mail too. The team's hard work paid off with a dramatically better product. https://t.co/ZQyTvjULlW — marissamayer (@marissamayer) June 14, 2017
This out-of-context comment was about Gmail's design and how it has evolved since my work in the early days. https://t.co/ZQyTvjULlW — marissamayer (@marissamayer) June 14, 2017
While it was briefly tossed around that Mayer might stay on at Yahoo through its transition, there's no firm word on what's they going to do next, aside from attempting to maintain inbox zero.
Justin Trudeau is one hot ticket at Sun Valley mogulfest Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will be wowing the Sun Valley mogul crowd on Wednesday morning. Trudeau, who made history by becoming the first leader of Canada to walk in...
The all-time Knicks team would be incredible It is the stuff of not just New York but NBA legend. Willis Reed limped out on the Garden floor, the Lakers stared in amazement. Reed hit their first two...
Bill Bradley cops to deflating balls in Knicks glory days INDIANAPOLIS — Bill Bradley is a Knicks legend and former U.S. Senator and now an admitted former ball doctor. Bradley told The Post in a phone interview Thursday they used...
Ted Raymond, Newstalk 580 CFRA
Stormont Dundas and Glengarry OPP have put out a new call for information about a two-year-old hit and run near Maxville.
Christopher Coleman was found in life-threatening condition on the side of County Road 22 (Dyer Road), east of Highway 138, at around 4:00 a.m. December 24, 2015.
Police say they are still recovering to this day.
Coleman was hit by an unknown vehicle, which did not remain at the scene.
Anyone with information is urged to contact the SD&G OPP at 613-534-2223 or after hours at 1-888-310-1122. If you have information on this crime and wish to remain anonymous, you can contact Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477.
Gary Kubiak steps down as Broncos coach
The Denver Broncos announced on Monday that head coach Gary Kubiak has informed the team they are stepping down.
Just two years removed from leading the Broncos to a Super Bowl win, the 55-year-old Kubiak has decided that the demanding nature of the game has become too much.
“As I told our team last night, this is an extremely difficult decision to step down as head coach,” Kubiak said in a statement. “I love to work and I love football, but ultimately the demands of the job are no longer a good fit for me.
“I gave everything I had to this team the last two seasons, but this year, in particular, has been tough on me. As hard as it is to leave this position, I know that it's the best thing for myself, my family and the Denver Broncos.”
Kubiak was hospitalized earlier this season for what was revealed to be a “complex migraine condition.” They also had a very frightening incident in 2013 when they were coaching in Houston, as they collapsed on the field and was taken off in a stretcher.
Unless they take an offensive coordinator job somewhere, Kubiak could be finished in the NFL. It doesn't sound like they have interest in being a head coach again going forward.
(New Jersey State Police via AP). In this Oct. 5, 2017 photo, a German Shepherd is seen after it was rescued by the New Jersey State Police on a highway in Newark. Police said they had to coax the dog to leave a dead pit bull that it was found lying ne...
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) - Police in New Jersey say they had to coax a German shepherd on a busy interstate to leave a dead pit bull that it was found lying next to.
New Jersey state police said that troopers responded Thursday morning to a report of two dogs on the shoulder of Interstate 280 in Newark.
The troopers say the pit bull was dead when they arrived. They say the German shepherd didn't want to leave its side, but they were able to coax it into a trooper's car.
Authorities say neither dog was wearing a collar or any identification. The German shepherd was given to a dog rescue.
It wasn't clear how the dog died. The case remains under investigation.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Follow @insidefutbol
West Ham forward Andre Ayew has expressed their confidence in seeing their team overcome all their problems before the end of the season.
The Hammers have lost five of their last seven matches and in spite of returning to winning ways against Swansea last weekend, were only able to manage a 2-2 draw against rock bottom side Sunderland this weekend.
The former Swansea man feels that the real problem with their team this season has been that they have played too defensive while in the lead and that has allowed their opponents to come back.
"I think this season has been difficult season in many ways", Ayew told their club's official website.
"We just need to work hard to gain confidence and when we're leading, we went back too much and don't go forward. It happens when you haven't got the results you have wanted.
"I know we will solve this problem before the end of the season."
West Ham's next opponents are Everton at the London Stadium and Ayew hopes that they and their team-mates will do enough to give the home fans something to cheer about.
"We need to prepare and hopefully the fans will be there in their numbers for Everton at home and hopefully we give them something to cheer as well
"Everton are a big team with big players and it's a big game and we need to point. It's important.
"We saw the atmosphere in the last game against Swansea and we need the same again. We will give it our best."
West Ham are currently placed 13th in the league table with 37 points from 33 league games, trailing 12th placed Leicester in terms of goal difference.
SANTA ANA, Calif. — A Southern California man pleaded not guilty Friday to the murder of a University of Pennsylvania student whose body was found buried in a shallow grave at a park not far from their family's home.
Samuel Woodward, 20, of Newport Beach was ordered held on $5 million bail with conditions including GPS monitoring, a curfew and a protective order for the victim's family if they are released.
Woodward is charged in the killing of 19-year-old college sophomore Blaze Bernstein, who was home visiting their family on winter break in Lake Forest. Authorities said the two attended the same high school but did not know if they were friends at the time.
Bernstein was missing for a week after going out with Woodward the night of Jan. 2. Police searched for them with drone pilots and found their body at a park in the community 50 miles southeast of Los Angeles after rain partially exposed it.
Bernstein was killed with a knife. They were gay and Jewish and authorities are investigating the possibility of a hate crime.
During a brief hearing on Friday, defense attorney Edward Munoz sought a lower bail for their client, arguing that they were interviewed several times by sheriff's investigators before their arrest and didn't attempt to hide information.
But prosecutors opposed, noting that Woodward dyed their hair and changed their appearance after Bernstein disappeared and tried to evade surveillance by authorities before they were taken into custody.
“It's a horrific crime,” said Steve McGreevy, senior deputy district attorney for Orange County.
McGreevy said authorities found a knife in Woodward's car and multiple knives in their home, but could not say if any were the murder weapon.
In a statement, Bernstein's family said it appreciated efforts to require the maximum bail and “meaningful” restrictions for Woodward.
“It gives us some measure of comfort to know that, should they be released, they will not be able to come near our family,” the statement said. “Nevertheless, we are still concerned for the public's safety.”
Woodward, who is currently held in jail in Santa Ana, is due back in court March 2.
At the hearing, they smiled upon seeing their lawyer and then sat out of view of the more than a dozen journalists gathered in the courtroom.
Munoz declined to comment after the hearing.
At college, Bernstein was studying psychology and was recently chosen to edit a campus culinary magazine.
According to a court filing obtained by the Orange County Register, Woodward told investigators that they became angry after Bernstein kissed them the night they went to the park.
Earlier on Friday, Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas declined to say whether authorities believe Bernstein was killed because they were gay, but said the case showed the need to change California law to include sexual orientation and gender as motivating factors for more serious murder charges that can carry the death penalty.
State Sen. Janet Nguyen said they were proposing legislation to make the change.
The murder rocked the community of Lake Forest — which had not seen a killing in at least four years — and prompted an outpouring of support for Bernstein's family, who have urged community members to do acts of kindness in their late son's name.
Hundreds of people attended a candlelight vigil for Bernstein and their funeral.
Photos: Victor Lindelof poses in Man Utd shirt
Join us in saying #HejVictor. Welcome to #MUFC, @VictorLindelof! A post shared by Manchester United (@manchesterunited) on Jun 14, 2017 at 11:00am PDT
Sweden international Victor Lindelof has posed in a Manchester United home kit after completing their transfer to the club.
The former Benfica defender, aged 22, was signed by United this evening.
They immediately donned their new club's shirt for a photoshoot. You can see pictures of Lindelof wearing the United kit above and below.
United fans will next see their new signing in the jersey when they join their new team-mates for a pre-season tour of the USA in July.
Image copyright Family handout Image caption Tyron Charles was found by police on moorland several weeks after being reported missing
The body of a murdered man was dumped in a builder's bag on moorland, a court has heard.
Police secretly taped prison visits with the alleged killer of Tyron Charles, 29, in order to find their body.
Bradford Crown Court heard Mr Charles was found in a bag behind a wall on marshy land near Oxenhope in October. They had been shot in the head.
James Sutcliffe, 29, of Hill Crest Road in Denholme, Bradford, denies their murder.
Their parents, of the same address, are charged with perverting the course of justice.
More Yorkshire stories
Richard Wright QC, defending Mr Sutcliffe, said there was no doubt their client hid the body, told lies and misled police.
But they told the jury the defendant was forced to dispose of the body and play along with the story that Mr Charles was missing.
'Recent invention'
Police found Mr Charles's blood in a shipping container on the land of the family's smallholding after they were reported missing by their family on 6 September.
Prosecutor Nicholas Lumley QC said their body was eventually found when Mr Sutcliffe revealed details during a recorded prison visit at HMP Hull.
The court heard they and their parents Kevin, 60, and Janet Sutcliffe, 62, were discussing how to cover their tracks, including moving and burning the body.
All three deny a charge of perverting the course of justice.
Mr Lumley said Mr Sutcliffe's claim that another man was responsible for the killing was "a recent invention" and a way to evade responsibility.
They said Mr Sutcliffe may have felt pressure or that they were in trouble, but told the court they shot Mr Charles in anger in the shipping container before hiding their body.
The trial continues.
LOS ANGELES – Jason Day is no stranger to the MRI machine having endured their share injuries throughout their career so when they were asked on Tuesday at Riviera Country Club of Tiger Woods' ongoing health issues they could empathize.
“I just don't know, I've never had surgeries on my back before. Obviously I've had back problems, but I don't know what the feeling is coming back from a back surgery let alone three back surgeries,” said Day, who missed the final two FedEx Cup Playoff events last season with an ailing back.
“I think it's a double-edged sword for them because they have to come out and play and play tournament golf, but you have to watch also your back and make sure that's healthy.”
Woods, who withdrew from this week's Genesis Open and next week's Honda Classic with back spasms, has had three back procedures since April 2014 and missed all of last season as they recovered.
Woods also withdrew from the Dubai Desert Classic after just one round with back spasms two weeks ago and is scheduled to speak with the media on Wednesday at the Genesis Open, which benefits their foundation.
By My Fashion Chronicles
Whether your 25, 40, 50, or older we all want to stay looking fabulous! There is nothing wrong with aging! That's the beauty of life, we get old, it happens. But many people don't realize maybe it's not your age that's making you appear older; it could be the way you are applying your makeup! By changing a few of these makeup mistakes, you can appear more youthful and not to mention you will look healthier and more natural!
Your Eyebrows Are Too Dark!
Choosing the right color for your eyebrows is key. Many of us don't realize that choosing the wrong color pencil for your brows can make you appear older and look unnatural. Never choose an eyebrow pencil that is darker than your eyebrows. You want to choose a shade that's lighter than your natural brow color; you will see a huge difference! Image from About Style.
Dark Eye Makeup
With darker eye makeup it will completely transform your age. If you are trying to achieve a younger look, stick to neutral colors for your eyes. Use your natural beauty to your advantage! By keeping things natural and light it will help achieve a flawless look! Image from Polyvore.
Dark Circles Under Your Eyes
Be sure that as you add mascara and eyeliner to the bottom of your eyes, that you are not leaving smudges and darkening the skin under your eyes. You can use a concealer (green or yellow tones counter the dark circles under your eyes) to brighten your eyes and will take away the “saggy eye” effect. This will make them bigger and brighter creating a more youthful look.
Matte Powders and Foundation
Younger looking skin reflects light, using powders and foundations that are matte will make your face appear dull. Matte powders (all powders in general) will fall into the creases of your face making them appear like wrinkles. So try and find products that have light defusing pigments to help your skin look glowing and bright! Try using translucent powder in place of your other powder. It should give you just enough glow to look really pretty and healthy! This Laura Mercier translucent powder is one of my favorites.
No Blush And No Contouring
By applying blush to your cheeks it will help give your face a slight lift, and will meet 2 new friends: your cheekbones. Ignoring your cheekbones is a makeup travesty. If you don't use blush, you may have a washed outlook taking away that flawless glow. Give some life to those cheeks and start-using blush! And if you REALLY want to meet your face's full potential, you should do some highlighting and contouring, which will help give your face more shape by defining your bone structure. It is amazing what you can do with contouring and highlighting. It is the best way to accentuate your beautiful features, while minimizing the features that you don't love. Try it out and see for yourself! Contouring is MY FAVORITE! Image from The Skinny.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) - A bourbon tourism attraction in Kentucky's largest city has reached a milestone by filling its 1,000th barrel of whiskey.
The Evan Williams Bourbon Experience in downtown Louisville has produced one barrel per day since production began in September 2013.
Evan Williams is the flagship bourbon brand for Heaven Hill.
The artisan distillery has become a recognizable part of Louisville's downtown, thanks to a five-story Evan Williams bourbon bottle on the building's facade.
Heaven Hill officials say that while the tourism attraction produces one barrel per day, Heaven Hill's Bernheim facility elsewhere in Louisville produces 1,300 barrels per day.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
On a night when yardage was at a premium, Northside's defense and special teams shined as the Eagles pulled out a 16-7 victory over Valdosta at McConnell-Talbert Stadium to start GHSA Region 1-6A competition with a victory.
The Eagles (6-1, 1-0 Region 1-6A) took advantage of a costly personal foul to take a 3-0 lead on a 32-yard Cory Munson field goal to start the second quarter after the two teams combined for just four first downs in the opening quarter. Northside had the ball back again just shy of halftime, but an errant Jadin Daniels pass found Valdosta's Desmond Johnson along the sideline, and they returned it 28 yards for a score and a 7-3 lead at the break.
Northside got a big break of its own when Wildcats punter Davis Baldwin dropped the snap in the end zone where Maulik Winfield found it to put the Eagles back on top for good.
Valdosta (2-5, 0-1) still trailed 9-7 when it took over at its own 12-yard line with 1:53 to play after a booming 71-yard Munson punt. The Wildcats, who could don't get much going offensively, elected to try a halfback pass and Jayce Rogers connected with a wide open Tay Berrien for 57-yards to the Northside 31.
That set up the game's decisive play as Berrien let quarterback Tate Rodemaker's pass slip through their fingers and into the air where the Eagles' Tubby McCall claimed it for a 69-yard interception return for a score to seal the victory. It was Northside's fourth interception.
Three who mattered
Cory Munson: The Eagles' place-kicker and punter had a field goal and repeatedly flipped field position in the fourth quarter on line drive punts of 71 and 52 yards that pinned a staggering Valdosta offense deep in its own end.
Zacoby McClain: Valdosta's middle linebacker was all over the field. The highly recruited senior made three consecutive stops on Northside's final offensive drive to give the Wildcats a chance at a late comeback.
McCall: The junior defensive back for the Eagles had two interceptions, including the 69-yard interception return for a score at the end of the contest that secured the victory.
Observations
Shifting offense: Trying anything to get movement against Northside's stingy defense, Valdosta rotated three quarterbacks and attempted 12 rushing plays in the fourth quarter alone after keeping it on the ground just twice in the first half.
They said it
Northside head coach Kevin Kinsler on their team pulling out a victory on a night when their offense struggled at times: “I'm just so proud of our kids and the way they battled. I'm so proud of our defense. People can boo all they want to, but as long as our kids keep busting their tails, and putting (wins) on the board I'm proud of them.”
Kinsler on their team's staunch defensive effort: “They just read their keys, did their job and played hard. We try to keep it simple to allow them to read their keys and run. The kids believe in it, and they've bought into it. They knew it was a big ballgame.”
What's next?
Northside travels to top-ranked Lee County on Friday.
MANILA — Citing unreasonable delays on the part of the Office of the Ombudsman, the Sandiganbayan has thrown out the graft case against two former Local Water Utilities Administration officials over alleged irregularities in the payment of P1.1 million for a 2004 water project.
In a nine-page resolution dated Dec. 21, the anti-graft court's Special First Division quashed the case against former LWUA administrator Lorenzo Jamora and acting deputy administrator Wilfredo Feleo, as well as Green Asia Construction and Development Corp. president Renato Legaspi.
The case will no longer head to trial for “violation of the constitutional right of the accused to speedy disposition of their cases.”
ADVERTISEMENT
The court said the Office of the Ombudsman took six years, four months, and 20 days to complete the preliminary investigation into the case, from the filing of the complaint on March 22, 2010 until the charges were finally brought to the court on Aug. 12 this year.
The court noted that it did not even include yet the time taken by the fact-finding investigation.
The resolution described the delay as “inordinate and unreasonable, especially considering the issue involved in the case is not complicated.” It also stated that prosecutors did not offer any explanation for the delay.
The court explained that the Ombudsman's failure to resolve the complaint promptly violated the accused individuals' right to the speedy disposition of their case.
Since the assailed transaction took place in 2004, the delay also placed them at a tactical disadvantage, because the availability of defense witnesses and documentary evidence would have been affected, the resolution read.
Justice Efren de la Cruz penned the resolution, with the concurrence of Justices Michael Frederick Musngi and Reynaldo Cruz.
The case arose from LWUA's allegedly anomalous final payment of P1.1 million on May 2004 to Green Asia, the contractor of the Guimba Water Supply Project in Nueva Ecija.
Prosecutors questioned the payment because it took place despite the absence then of a certificate of final acceptance. The charge sheet also stated that Green Asia had not complied at the time with the punch list of work for correction and restoration.
On this basis, Jamora, Feleo and Legaspi were charged with violating Section 3(e) of the Anti-Graft and Corrupt Practices Act for giving unwarranted benefits to Green Asia. SFM
They wander the halls of Hogwarts, tempt children into sugar-encrusted homes, and sometimes get crushed by a flying farmhouse.
The mystique of the witches, wizards and warlocks continues to capture the imagination of moviegoers. And their presence in earthly and magical realms reminds viewers that things are not always as they seem.
On the next Movies On The Radio, The State of Things wants to know what are your favorite movies about witches, wizards or warlocks? Did the ever-impressive skills of Hermione Granger have you wishing that you, too, could “swish and flick”? Does the swift death of the Wicked Witch of the East continue to make you cheer? Or does the alluring power of the teenage coven in The Craft still conjure up nightmares?
Film experts Marsha Gordon and Laura Boyes break down your favorite films about witches, wizards and warlocks. They also look at the long tradition of casting women as evil or other-wordly.
Send an email with your pick to sot@wunc.org or tweet at us with #sotmovie and you could be part of our next show!
The Case of Carl DeBrodie One Year Later
Tuesday, April 24 marks one year since Carl DeBrodie's body was found encased in concrete at a Fulton storage unit.
Since that time, no arrests have been made, but some groups vowed to review their policies and make changes, if needed.
ABC 17's Deborah Kendrick contacted some of those agencies that were supposed to be looking out for DeBrodie's well-being to see what they've done to keep a tragedy like this from happening again.
On April 26, 2018 ABC 17 News investigates what's happened since the Fulton man with a mental disability died and finds out how a lawsuit could be putting pressure on prosecutors to get results.
Watch the story Thursday on ABC 17 News at 10 on KMIZ.
For complete coverage on "The Case of Carl DeBrodie," click here.
Construction workers unearth actual 'pot o' gold' Just in time for Saint Patrick's Day — two construction workers in Holland have discovered a real-life “pot o' gold.” The workers from water company Oasen made the stunning find...
The earliest humans were way more advanced than we thought WASHINGTON — On a grassy African landscape, some of the earliest members of our species, Homo sapiens, engaged in surprisingly sophisticated behaviors including using color pigments, creating advanced tools and...
Dead Sea Scrolls go on display for first time ever Two manuscripts from the Dead Sea Scrolls are on public display for the first time ever in Denver. The scrolls are among 20 Dead Sea Scrolls and a host of...
Skulls show women also moved across medieval Europe BERLIN — The newcomers who arrived in the little farming villages of medieval Germany would have stood out: They had dark hair and tawny skin, spoke a different language and...
Supervolcano eruption somehow spared Stone Age people A supervolcano eruption about 74,000 years ago on Indonesia's island of Sumatra caused a large-scale environmental calamity that may have decimated Stone Age human populations in parts of the world....
World's oldest tattoo found on 5,000-year-old mummy Scientists have discovered the world's oldest tattoos on the arm of a 5,000-year-old Egyptian mummy on display at the British Museum. The astonishing find – which rewrites the history of...
Ancient humans mourned loss of beloved puppy 14K years ago Dogs are called “man's best friend” for good reason. The animals were one of the very first to be domesticated by humans, and our bond with our canine brothers stretches...
Ancient Egyptian cemetery with 40 mummies found MINYA, Egypt — Egyptian archaeologists have discovered an ancient necropolis containing 40 stone sarcophagi, about 1,000 small statues and a necklace charm bearing the hieroglyphic inscription “happy new year.” Antiquities...
Archaeologists may have found biblical prophet's 'signature' Archaeologists in Israel say that they have found a clay seal mark that may bear the signature of the Biblical Prophet Isaiah. The 2,700-year-old stamped clay artifact was found during...
««« return to Daily Wine News index
Wine clubs for those who actually care about wine
Over the past three years, a wave of sommelier-curated wine clubs has emerged. Viticole Wine, SommSelect, and Weekly Tasting all feature personal selections from Master Sommeliers — to overwhelming success. SommSelect has over 2000 regular members, and Viticole's popularity necessitates a wait list. Source, VinePair
Video
After being shot in the head by a hitman at their home in Texas in 2012, Nancy Shore made this call.
Nancy spoke to Outlook on the BBC World Service. Listen to the full interview here
LONDON — British Prime Minister Theresa May stunned their country Tuesday by calling a for a snap general election to be held in less than two months' time.
Them announcement caps a bruising year for the United Kingdom, coming only 10 months after the country's "Brexit" vote to leave the European Union that ushered in May's own leadership.
Tuesday's statement delivered outside the prime minister's formal residence came as even more of a surprise because the prime minister has repeatedly ruled out calling an unscheduled election.
Moving forward the vote from its scheduled date in 2020 will require parliamentary approval — something that appeared likely given the immediate backing of several opposition leaders.
British Prime Minister Theresa May attends the Sovereign's Parade at Britain's Royal Military Academy Sandhurst last week. Paul Grover / Pool via Reuters
At a hastily arranged press conference outside Number 10 Downing Street, May accused opposition political parties of trying to hinder the Brexit negotiations. They said they wanted to increase their political mandate to drive through the two-year divorce from the E.U.
May's right-of-center Conservative Party rule by a slim majority of lawmakers in the British parliament but currently enjoy a years-high lead of 21-points over the left-wing opposition Labour Party.
With the PM calling a general election for 8 June, here's YouGov's most recent voting intention
Con - 44%
Lab - 23%
LD - 12%
UKIP - 10% pic.twitter.com/t6v36qPSrn — YouGov (@YouGov) April 18, 2017
"Our opponents believe that because the government's majority is so small that our resolve will weaken and that they can force us to change course. They are wrong," they said. "They underestimate our determination to get the job done and I'm not prepared to let them endanger the security of millions of working people across the country.
They accused opposition parties of "political game-playing" that will "risk our ability to make a success of Brexit" and "cause damaging uncertainty and instability to the country."
They added: "So we need a general election and we need one now. Because we have at this moment a one-off chance to get this done," referring to the Brexit negotiations.
May backed the campaign to remain in the E.U. — the losing side — but has vowed to honor the popular vote and lead the U.K. through two tough years of negotiations to exit the 28-member trading bloc.
Labour is led by anti-establishment socialist Jeremy Corbyn, who has drummed up record membership among core supporters but is accused of not engaging with the wider population or providing a strong opposition to the government.
While Corbyn was also pro-Remain they were criticized for their lukewarm backing during the referendum.
Corbyn said they welcomed May's decision to "give the British people the chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first."
"Labour will be offering the country an effective alternative to a government that has failed to rebuild the economy, delivered falling living standards and damaging cuts to our schools and NHS," they added, referring to the U.K.'s huge National Health Service.
The Ox has really stepped it up for Arsenal in the latter half of the season, at a time when a number of Gunners have shrunk under the spotlight. On the right side of Wenger's makeshift 3-4-2-1, Oxlade-Chamberlain never stopped running, they were Arsenal's biggest attacking threat, and they were fantastic tracking back to help cover Gabriel on the defensive side of the ball as well. It's been rumored that he's one of the players who might be on their way out this summer, but the way he's playing, it would be a huge mistake for the Gunners to let them go.
Getty Images
The Mets may have dodged bullet with Asdrubal Cabrera The Mets may have finally caught an injury break. Asdrubal Cabrera's absence appears to be short-lived. The Mets shortstop, who suffered a sprained left thumb Saturday while diving for a...
Mets put Adam Wilk through hell even before they got pounded Welcome to Adam Wilk's Itinerary from hell. Leave Las Vegas with the Triple-A 51s at 7 a.m. Saturday. Fly to Denver. Connect to Albuquerque. Find hotel room not ready. Mingle...
Who Matt Harvey screwed over the most After Marlins shortstop Adeiny Hechavarria crushed a 1-0 pitch from Mets starter Adam Wilk into the left-field seats, a cluster of fans at Citi Field started to boo. By then,...
Now Mets offense no-shows to end terrible Matt Harvey day All in all, the Mets have had better days. What was supposed to be a Harvey Day at Citi Field turned into Suspension Central for the Mets on Sunday. “The...
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Model Karolina Kurkova shows off their private-island Miami home It's a sun-kissed afternoon on Miami's Fisher Island, and Karolina Kurkova is posing for our cover in a just-off-the-runway ensemble, their mesmerizing smile filling each frame. But the gorgeous island...
Top chef Joel Robuchon reflects on a sizzling career French gastronomie hero Joël Robuchon may lay claim to 28 restaurants around the world, 15 of them with Michelin stars, but after closing their eatery in Manhattan's Four Seasons hotel...
Why Sunset Harbour is the hottest spot in South Beach This mini enclave northwest of Miami Beach's City Center may be small in size, but it packs a big wallop. While only encompassing a few blocks, Sunset Harbour is quickly...
These were Gianni Versace's favorite spots in Miami Fashion visionary Gianni Versace was only 50 years old when they were murdered on the steps of their Miami Beach home by serial killer Andrew Cunanan in 1997. That tragic...
Miami's luxury real estate trends Showstopper spotlight The 1 Hotel & Homes South Beach boasts an impressive 29 posh penthouses. But its crown jewel — the $20 million, 3,955-square-foot duplex topper (the development's largest and priciest)...
Tour the luxe Miami pad inspired by ‘Dynasty' Bryan Graybill credits the decor of their Miami Beach apartment to a potent cocktail with two ingredients: tequila and late-night “Dynasty” reruns. The 46-year-old interior designer and real estate developer...
Starchitect Richard Meier's must-haves — just don't ask them about Andy Warhol Pritzker Prize-winning architect Richard Meier, 83, has been making modern masterpieces for more than 50 years — and shows no signs of slowing down. Their renowned buildings, including the High...
The children of Gloria Estefan and Phil Collins are making waves in Miami Nic Collins, 16 Famous fam: They get their drumming chops from pop-star dad Phil Collins, natch. Why we're watching: Nic's band, Fifty Eight Hundred, has played the Montreux Jazz and...
Miami's hottest hotels for Art Basel 2017 Whether you crave a scene, a view or a retreat away from the action, these Miami resorts offer the ideal frame of mind for every kind of art vacay. For...
MISSISSAUGA, ON – Train Trailer Rentals has promoted district sales manager Shawn Rogers to the newly created position of national sales manager for Canada.
The role reflects the company's expansion in Quebec, Ontario and Alberta. It has locations in Mississauga and Cornwall, Ontario, as well as Calgary and Montreal.
Before joining Train in 2016, Rogers was Thermo King's sales director, and Volvo Trucks Canada's national leasing manager.
“As we continue to expand our locations and equipment offerings, Shawn will be a great asset in achieving our overall service and growth plans for the future,” said Rick Kloepfer, Train Trailer president.
TIP Trailer Services acquired Train Trailer in 2016.
WASHINGTON — In its first public statement since the deadliest shooting in modern American history, the National Rifle Association on Thursday called for new regulations on bump stocks that rapidly accelerate a weapons' rate of fire.
"The National Rifle Association is calling on the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (BATFE) to immediately review whether these devices comply with federal law," the NRA's chief executive, Wayne LaPierre, and its chief lobbyist, Chris Cox, said in a statement.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Republicans Open Door to 'Bump Stop' Regulation 1:37 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"The NRA believes that devices designed to allow semi-automatic rifles to function like fully-automatic rifles should be subject to additional regulations," the statement continued.
It was an unusual and potentially game-changing move for an organization that has made a habit of opposing any and all new restrictions on gun rights, and one likely to increase momentum on Capitol Hill for legislative action to crack down on bump stocks, especially among Republicans.
At the White House shortly after the NRA issued its statement, Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said that President Donald Trump is aware that Congress wants to take a look at bump stocks.
"We'd like to be a part of that conversation," they said. "We're open to that moving forward."
A dozen bump stocks were found in the shooter's hotel room after Sunday's massacre in Las Vegas, leading some top Republicans who are generally hostile to gun restrictions to call for congressional action on the devices.
Moderate Republican Rep. Carlos Curbelo of Florida announced Thursday that he's working on a bipartisan bill to ban bump stocks with Democratic Rep. Seth Moulton of Massachussets, a rising star in their party.
“For the first time in decades, there is growing bipartisan consensus for firearm reform, a polarizing issue that has deeply divided Republicans and Democrats,” Curbelo said in a statement.
And a number of other key GOP lawmakers, including the House Judiciary Committee chairperson, Bob Goodlatte of Virginia, are also looking into the issue.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed White House 'Certainly Open' to Gun Bump Stock Legislation 0:46 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Still, the carefully worded NRA statement stops short of calling for legislation, instead endorsing new federal regulations through the ATF and blaming the Obama administration for approving the sale of bump stocks in the first place.
The ATF has already concluded bump stocks do not violate current law, Special Agent in Charge Jill Snyder told reporters in Las Vegas on Tuesday. And Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., a leading gun control advocate, said Thursday that only new legislation could close what they called a "loophole."
In 2013, the ATF told Congress its hands were tied on the devices. "Stocks of this type are not subject to the provisions of Federal firearms statutes. Therefore, ATF does not have the authority to restrict their lawful possession, use, or transfer," the agency's assistant director wrote in a letter to Rep. Ed Perlmutter, D-Colo.
The NRA statement also criticized some lawmakers for pushing for gun control in the immediate aftermath of the shooting.
"Unfortunately, the first response from some politicians has been to call for more gun control. Banning guns from law-abiding Americans based on the criminal act of a madman will do nothing to prevent future attacks," LaPierre and Cox said.
And they used the statement to reiterate their desire that Congress pass a bill to make concealed carry weapons permits valid across state lines.
Meanwhile, Americans for Responsible Solutions, the gun safety group run by former Democratic Rep. Gabby Giffords, is working on a separate framework with the goal of attracting bipartisan support.
Unlike bills already introduced by Democrats in the House and Senate that would criminalize the possession of bump stocks, the proposal would regulate existing devices by making them subject to the same strict law that covers machine guns and would ban their future manufacture.
"This really balances what we're trying to do in the name of public safety while recognizing the political reality that we're in," said Rob Lloyd, the director of government affairs at Americans for Responsible Solutions.
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says Pause
1:53 They were unable to survive, fire chief says of family of 3
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
0:37 Tax commissioner shows cramped quarters
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:57 Police officer donates bike to help Warner Robins man with their daily commute
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
Treasurys faced selling pressure, pushing yields higher, on Monday as investors that had sought havens like U.S. government paper last week amid North Korean geopolitical concerns rotated back into stocks and other assets perceived as risky.
The 10-year Treasury yield TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.40% added 2.5 basis points to 2.219%. While, the 2-year treasury note TMUBMUSD02Y, +0.31% ticked 1.2 basis point higher to 1.310%, while the 30-year bond's yield TMUBMUSD30Y, +0.88% climbed 2.3 basis points to 2.810%. Bond prices move inversely to yields.
Investors sold government paper in early trade at New York after an abatement of intensifying war talk between North Korea and President Donald Trump's administration, which had increased demand for assets perceived as safe as gold and Treasurys. A lack of new developments over the weekend, as Trump remains preoccupied by a violence in Charlottesville, Va., has helped to lift stocks while diminishing the appetite for other haven investments including the Japanese yen and gold.
“The weekend brought almost no new belligerent comments coming from either North Korea or the U.S. directed at the other, and this seems to have been enough of an impetus to cause risk markets to rally this morning,” noted Thierry Wizman, global interest rates and currencies strategist for the Macquarie Group.
The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +1.32% and the S&P 500 index SPX, +1.04% both rose by more than 0.9%. On the other hand, gold futures GCZ7, -0.24% slipped $5.20, or an 0.4% drop, to $1288.9 an ounce, while the yen USDJPY, +0.27% weakened, helping to pare back last week's gains, as the dollar bought ¥109.70 on Monday, compared with ¥109.19 in last Friday's session.
Meanwhile, traders were focused on coming auctions with no economic reports due Monday.
The Treasury Department auctioned 3-month bills TMUBMUSD03M, -0.98% Fears over a messy resolution to the debt ceiling have shown up in government paper of shorter maturities has stoked volatility in short-term debt.
The usually positive spread between the yields of the 3-month bill and the 6-month bill has dipped into negative territory, according to Treasury Department data, a sign that some investors are betting that U.S. government may fail to pay its bills on time.
Investors tend to demand richer yields for relatively longer-dated debt than their shorter-term counterparts because they want to be compensated for parking their money for longer periods amid the prospect of rising prices, among other risk factors.
See: Debt-ceiling fears bubble up in Treasury bills
Market participants will chiefly focus on the release of the minutes from the July meeting of the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee on Wednesday. The raft of tepid economic data last week including a weaker-than-expected inflation reading for July has added to concerns that the Federal Reserve would find it difficult to raise interest rates this year.
Elsewhere, Japan reported that second-quarter growth rate hit 4% on an annualized basis, its fastest 3-month pace in 2 years and sixth straight quarterly gain. But Japanese government bond yields TMBMKJP-10Y, -8.12% showed little reaction as the country celebrated Obon, a three-day national holiday for families to honor their ancestors.
The strong growth numbers, however, could force a rollback of monetary and fiscal easing, two of the three “arrows” of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's agenda to pull the country out of a protracted economic slump.
Children and families can take part in events in and around Louisville in order to learn about the science behind the eclipse. (Source: Kentucky Science Center)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Kentucky Science Center is counting down to August 21 with Solar Eclipse Science.
Children and families can take part in events in Benton, Russellville, and Louisville in order to learn about the science behind the eclipse.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Clean-up continues after train derailment in Hardin Co.
+ Amazon issues recall on some solar eclipse glasses
+ Indiana students traveling to Western KY to watch eclipse
A list upcoming events are listed below:
Kentucky Science Center Events in the path of totality:
Logan County Watch Party at the Public Library in Russellville, KY - Enjoy a full day of free programming to help you learn more, safely view, and experience the total eclipse. Visitors can hear presentations from area researchers and artists involved in KMAC Museum's Eclipse Exhibit, Victory Over the Sun: The Poetics and Politics of Eclipses. The Logan County Free Public Library will offer eclipse activities and local storytellers as part of the Watch Party. This is a NASA official viewing location.
Expert Experience: Relax and learn on a luxury motor coach ride with scientists, artists, and other enthusiasts. Presentations, lunch, Wi-Fi, and a designated viewing area are all available at the NASA Official location. Early-bird access to KMAC Museum's exhibit is included.
Eclipse Activities at Kentucky Science Center:
August 14-20: Eclipse theme in Science in Play's Science Depot
August 19-20: Astronomy stations, eclipse safety, and build your own viewing device (while supplies last)
August 21: Join the Kentucky Science Center on Main St between 1-3 pm. Viewing devices, including a solar telescope from the Louisville Astronomical Society will be available to attendees.
Tune into Facebook Live throughout the day for safety tips and science content as Science Center staff travel to watch parties around Louisville.
Visit the museum to watch the eclipse onscreen from the safety of our Tech Forum and enjoy a Journey to Space marathon, every hour on the hour from 10 am -5 pm.
Kentucky Science Center partners and partner events
Solar Eclipse Weekend. Kentucky Science Center is providing science content for Girl Scouts of Kentuckiana at Bear Creek Camp in Benton, KY on a weekend campout that culminates with viewing the eclipse.
KMAC Museum - Victory Over the Sun: The Poetics and Politics of Eclipse. Runs August 18 - November 5, 2017, with an open house and preview on Friday, August 18, 6-8 pm and a family fun day Saturday, August 19, 11 am - 3 pm.
For more information about the events, click here.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Shareholders approve new name for Custodian and Allied – The Nation Newspaper
Shareholders approve new name for Custodian and Allied
The Nation Newspaper
Shareholders of Custodian and Allied Plc yesterday approved a change of the group's name to Custodian Investment Plc in a strategic move to align the brand name with the enlarged business outlook of the group. At the annual general meeting in Lagos …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Video
This photographer wants to change the way we think about pigeons.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
CHARLOTTE - The top performing wide receivers and defensive backs go head to head from the Rivals Three Stripe Camp, presented by adidas.
WR:
Nolan Groulx
Jake Johnson
Porter Rooks
Khafre Brown
Elijah Bowick
Ali Jennings
Jalen Jennings
Ja'Had Carter
Jordan Waters
Emery Simmons
Jordan Medley
DB:
Malcolm Greene
Cameron Roseman-Sinclair
Cameron Smith
Shyheim Battle
Keontae Jenkins
Tyler Venables
Cameron Allen
Mario Love Jr.
Jalen Frazier
Fentrell Cypress
Tribune Content Agency
Cy the Cynic is still battling their weight — and their weight seems to be winning.
“You need to exercise,” I told him.
Cy is so out of shape that the only thing they can jump to is a conclusion. They were today's West, defending against four spades, and led the queen of hearts. South took dummy's ace and led the king of trumps, and Cy won and tried to cash a heart.
South ruffed, drew trumps and next let dummy's queen of diamonds ride. Cy took their king and saw that the diamonds would provide declarer with discards. So the Cynic laid down their ace of clubs, and the conclusion was unsatisfactory for him: South claimed, making four.
TWO CLUBS
Cy could avoid jumping to a false conclusion if they counted declarer's tricks. They know declarer has four trump tricks, one heart and only four diamonds. So after declarer runs the diamonds, they will still have two clubs in their hand.
After Cy takes the king of diamonds, they must exit with a diamond. South will lose two clubs to go down one.
DAILY QUESTION
You hold: S J 10 7 5 2 H 2 D A 3 C K 8 6 3 2. Your partner opens one heart, you respond one spade, they bid two clubs and you raise to three clubs. Partner next bids three diamonds. What do you say?
ANSWER: Partner is interested in game or slam, and your hand is ideal. You have a fifth trump, a side ace and no wasted strength in spades opposite their shortness. Bid five clubs or four diamonds. If they have as little as None, A J 7 6 4, K 4 2, A Q 10 7 4, six clubs may come home.
West dealer
E-W vulnerable
NORTH
S K Q 6 3
H A 4
D Q J 9 6 4
C J 4
WEST
S A 8
H Q J 9 7 5 3
D K 10 7
C A 9
EAST
S 9 4
H K 10 8 6
D 8 5 2
C Q 10 7 5
SOUTH
S J 10 7 5 2
H 2
D A 3
C K 8 6 3 2
West North East South
1 H Dbl 2 H 4 S
All Pass
Opening lead — H Q
(C)2018 Tribune Content Agency, LLC.
0:44 Rare red panda triplets offer new hope Three red pandas were born in a zoo on Christmas Eve last year. They've only recently been revealed to the public, however, giving them and their mother time to adjust and grow before making their way into the zoo's habitats.
0:53 Stampede of commuters barely makes it off a burning bus A bus burst into flames in Harbin City, China, after one of the tires caught on fire. More than 50 passengers rushed to evacuate, causing a stampede.
0:45 Woman munches on raw meat outside a train station A woman was seen eating a pound of raw meat outside a train station in central London. The person filming the gruesome sight gasped when they bit into the uncooked ground beef, which they drizzled with oil, and topped off by biting into a whole lemon.
1:13 Cop gets wrestled to the ground and hit with car before suspect's arrest A routine traffic stop turned into a high-speed chase in Georgia, after a driver wrestled a deputy to the ground and escaped arrest. The suspect eventually was driven off the road and charged with possession of a large amount of Xanax and aggravated assault against a law enforcement officer.
0:59 The sex scandals that plagued these political careers Sex scandals are common, especially in politics. In the wake of President Trump's alleged affair with porn star Stormy Daniels, here's a look at the most shocking sex scandals and affairs that left marks on our political history.
0:35 Cyclist goes airborne after he's hit by reckless driver North Wales police released CCTV footage of reckless driver Jake David Tompkinson hitting a cyclist, who went flying through the air. This week, Tompkins was sentenced to a year in prison and a two-and-a-half-year ban on driving. Police say Tompkins was driving carelessly and not paying attention at the time of the incident in July 2017. The biker sustained serious injuries and allowed the footage of their accident to be released to raise awareness of reckless driving.
0:55 Masked couple batter shop owner and steal $35K worth of gold Qatari tourist Mohammed Ibrahim Malki and their lady friend Aisha Udomwatananon donned masks to rob a Thai gold shop. Janyong Nopparat, t they store owner, was hit over the head with a metal bar and repeatedly punched in front of their horrified wife. The thieving couple fled in a car that was rented from a tourist resort miles from the gold shop. They were later found and arrested. Janyong and their wife were traumatized and injured, but they did get the $35,000 worth of gold returned.
0:51 Pepsi thief forgets to cover their face before stealing vending machine One Pepsi was not enough. Two men in Oklahoma City were seen stealing a Pepsi vending machine, after one of the thieves purchased a drink just five minutes before. The bandanna-clad suspects loaded the entire machine into a white pickup truck.
0:57 15-foot python found living inside this man's living room wall Forget the exterminator — time to call a snake charmer. A 15-foot-long python was caught hiding inside the walls of a living room in Bangkok. “This was an unusual place to find the snake,” said one of the rescuers, who hammered through the plasterboard to catch the serpent. “We think it got inside though a gap in the wall to shelter from the rain.”
Maduro asks for international support in wake of Trump's threat
Caracas, Aug 14 (EFE).- Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro on Monday called for international support for a presidential summit to deal with the issue of the “threat” of military action issued by their US counterpart, Donald Trump.
Maduro made the request before the ambassadors of Spain, France, Japan, Syria, Vietnam and Guatemala, who presented their diplomatic credentials to them on Monday at Miraflores Presidential Palace in Caracas.
The Venezuelan leader asked the assembled envoys to relay to their governments their request for a presidential summit “behind closed doors to attend to the issue of peace in Venezuela and now to attend to the issue of the threat of military invasion by the government of Mr. Donald Trump against Venezuela.”
They called Trump's threat the “most serious threat (Venezuela) has received” in its 200 years as a republic.
Maduro said that “the threat of war, the threat of violence can only be dissipated with dialogue, diplomacy, politics, union.”
The White House said on Friday that Trump had refused to speak with Maduro by telephone, and the US president asked that they “respect Venezuela's constitution, hold free and fair elections, release political prisoners, cease all human rights violations, and stop oppressing Venezuela's great people,” although “instead, Maduro has chosen the path of dictatorship.”
The statement came shortly after Trump told reporters that “a military option” to the Venezuelan political and economic crisis was still possible, although the Pentagon confirmed that it had “not received any orders with regards to Venezuela.”
Maduro's response to Trump's military warning: Go home
Caracas, Aug 14 (EFE).- Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro responded on Monday at a massive government-staged public event in Caracas to the warning issued last week by their US counterpart, Donald Trump, that military action might be undertaken in the country amid its severe political and economic crisis.
“Go home,” was the response from Maduro three days after Trump issued their warning, and after the entire Venezuelan government and a large part of the international community had rejected the possibility of military intervention in the South American country.
“The (Venezuelan) people are determined to confront the US extremists, supremacists and racists, and to defeat them,” Maduro said during an incendiary speech before thousands of cheering Chavista supporters.
Thousands of people participating in the so-called “anti-imperialist march” convened by the government on Monday made their way through streets in western Caracas and arrived near Miraflores presidential palace, where a dais had been installed bearing the statement “Trump out of Latin America” in gigantic letters.
There, Maduro railed against what they called the “disproportionate, bombastic and vulgar” warnings issued by Trump and said that “nobody will intimidate or defeat” the Venezuelan people.
They went on to thank the “governments and leaders” of the world who, they said, had expressed their rejection of the possibility of military operations in the Caribbean nation.
The Chavista leader said that the Trump administration has taken this stance vis-a-vis Caracas due to the “defeat” suffered by the opposition MUD coalition in its attempt to bring about their ouster in recent months in a wave of anti-government protests that have left more than 120 people dead.
The White House said on Friday that Trump had refused to speak with Maduro by telephone, and the US president asked that they “respect Venezuela's constitution, hold free and fair elections, release political prisoners, cease all human rights violations, and stop oppressing Venezuela's great people,” although “instead, Maduro has chosen the path of dictatorship.”
The statement came shortly after Trump told reporters that “a military option” to the Venezuelan political and economic crisis was still possible, although the Pentagon confirmed that it had “not received any orders with regards to Venezuela.”
Meanwhile, Maduro also announced Monday that the Venezuelan military will stage an exercise designed to prepare for “comprehensive armed defense of the homeland.”
“A national civil-military exercise of comprehensive armed defense of the Venezuelan homeland (will take place) on Saturday and Sunday, Aug. 26-27, throughout the national territory,” Maduro told the crowd of thousands in Caracas.
They said that members of all military branches, along with the Bolivarian National Guard, the militia and public workers, will participate in the Bolivarian Sovereignty 2017 exercise.
It's Mardi Gras week in Nocona as the eighth annual Mardi Gras Nocona Style takes places Feb. 8-10.
This family-friendly event is a flurry of parades, food, music and games coordinated by the Nocona Chamber of Commerce.
Steve and Trisha Tettleton were crowned the Mardi Gras king ana queen during the Jan. 27 Mardi Gras Ball.
Monday is the deadline to enter the “Big Mardi Gras Parade” on Saturday. Nellann McBroom, executive director of the Nocona Chamber of Commerce, said those wishing to enter the parade can stop by or call the chamber office at 825-3526 to enter. There is no fee to enter.
Read the full story in the weekend News.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Highlights from the World Press Photo Awards 2017 Every year the World Press Photo Foundation celebrates the most talented photographers. These photographs tell stories of places often forgotten by the majority of the population. Images range from dangerous...
The 40 best books of 2016 you must read immediately The Post's books team on the titles they most loved — and some that, curiously, escaped notice. Maureen Callahan When Breath Becomes Air by Paul Kalanithi (Random House) On page...
Earth's beauty as seen from space Gaze down at the Earth's sprawling surface from the International Space Station. Throughout 2016 astronauts aboard the ISS have been documenting the ever-changing face of the Earth, capturing vast deserts,...
'Good Riddance Day' held to bid farewell to awful 2016 Good riddance to bad exes, old bills, sad news and 2016 in general. Some 50 people came to Times Square on Wednesday for the annual Good Riddance Day — a...
It's easy to make fun of that merry brand of freeloaders known as the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, who 33 years ago infamously bestowed a “new star of the year''...
TIM BRESNAN believes that the new city-based T20 competition will accelerate cricket's appeal and lead to more Roses-type atmospheres in the future.
The Yorkshire pace bowler has thrown their support behind the franchise tournament designed to rival the Indian Premier League and the Australian Big Bash.
Yorkshire captain Tim Bresnan celebrates taking the wicket of Nottinghamshire's Michael Lumb.
The eight-team competition will run alongside the T20 Blast from 2020 and has been overwhelmingly endorsed by the first-class counties, who will each receive £1.3m a year.
Although some say that cricket does not need a second T20 tournament in this country, fearing that the Blast could be relegated to second-class status, Bresnan cited the atmosphere generated by a sell-out Roses crowd at Headingley last Friday as proof of why city-based cricket will work.
“There are not many better atmospheres than that,” said Bresnan, who captained Yorkshire to a 19-run win in front of 15,750 spectators.
“I was speaking to (television commentator and former player) Rob Key afterwards, and they said, ‘That's why we need city cricket.'
I think it's one of the best cricket leagues in the world, and I've played in a few. The standard (on Friday) was quite exceptional. There's nothing better. Tim Bresnan
“I certainly think it will move the game forwards at a rapid rate of knots. This (the Roses match at Headingley) is only once a year, whereas it could be six or seven times a year like this at home (with the new competition).
“If every game in that city league turns out to be one of these games, then who wouldn't want it? It gets the boys up, and you can see how we fed off it. It was absolutely fantastic.”
Bresnan also compared the standard on Friday to that of international cricket.
Having played in the England team that won the World T20 in 2010, and the Perth Scorchers side that won the Big Bash earlier this year, they are well-placed to comment as England gets ready for the franchise event.
“I think it's one of the best cricket leagues in the world, and I've played in a few,” they said.
“The standard (on Friday) was quite exceptional.
“There's nothing better, and that's as close to international cricket as you're going to get.
“The quality there from both sides was probably as good as you're going to see.”
The match featured such as England quintet David Willey, Liam Plunkett, Adil Rashid, Jos Buttler and Liam Livingstone, the Pakistan Champions Trophy-winning duo of Sarfaraz Ahmed and Junaid Khan, plus the Australian Shaun Marsh.
Yet it was 32-year-old Bresnan, who last played international cricket in 2015, who stole the show with figures of 6-19 from four overs – the third-best analysis in English T20.
Only Arul Suppiah, with what remain world record figures of 6-5 for Somerset against Glamorgan at Cardiff in 2011, and Tim Southee, who took 6-16 for Essex against Glamorgan at Chelmsford in the same year, have returned better figures.
Bresnan said: “I was very happy with that. I got the knee slide out at the end, and I don't need to be doing that at my age. The win was all that mattered.”
It was a win that Yorkshire were unable to back up the next day when they lost by four wickets to Leicestershire.
It leaves them needing to win their final group game against Northants at Headingley on Thursday to retain hope of qualifying for the quarter-finals.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – The man who police say took shots at Youngstown officers last weekend is now in a Mahoning County Jail cell.
Gerald Wainwright was released from Mercy Health on Friday where they had been treated for several gunshot wounds early last Saturday morning.
Police say officers spotted Wainwright walking down a street on the south side when they pulled a gun and fired at them. The officers shot back, wounding the suspect.
Thursday, Wainwright was indicted by a Mahoning County grand jury on felonious assault and weapons charges.
 They are expected in court early next week.
Here's the thing: It almost never — ever — ends well. For any of them. That's part of what makes the business of coaching so brutal. It doesn't always end...
America needs to decide when adulthood really begins During a heated exchange with NRA spokesperson Dana Loesch at last week's CNN Town Hall in Parkland, Fla., Sheriff Scott Israel pronounced: “18-year-olds should never have a rifle.” President Trump...
You're not an adult until you turn 24, science says Like Peter Pan, we don't want to grow up. In fact, we're not really adults until reaching age 24, researchers have concluded. That's because so many young people are continuing...
Adolescence now starts at 10 and lasts until 24 Young people continuing their education for longer, as well as delayed marriage and parenthood, has redefined common perceptions of when adulthood starts, scientists wrote in the Lancet Child & Adolescent...
$52 million worth of mismanagement in NYC's adult-education office Add one more to the too-long list of city Department of Education horrors: With a $52 million budget, the DOE's Office of Adult and Continuing Education last year only handed...
More Americans are perfectly fine with a solitary existence Is it okay to go to the movies or hang out at a bar alone? The votes are in… Millions of Americans are now happy to live a solitary existence,...
‘Adultification' hurts black girls the most Do we treat children too much like adults? For decades, conservatives have said the answer is yes. But now it seems that liberals are finally catching on. In their 1999...
'Best friends' parenting yields kids who never grow up Attention parents: The magic number is 28. That's the age when millennials finally say they'd be embarrassed to be living at home, according to a new survey from TD Ameritrade....
It's time to reclaim the art of the hobby Earlier this year, a Ted talk by statistician Lux Narayan went viral. The talk discussed Narayan's ambitious, heart-warming project to analyze 2,000 obituaries printed in the New York Times. Some...
Millennials aren't the only generation moving back home Moving in with mom and dad is the thing to do — even if you've got wrinkles and gray hair. Millennials have been called the “basement generation” because so many...
This cashmere and wool sweater by high-end label The Row (created by twins Mary Kate and Ashley Olson) retails for $899 but sold for $8.99 at Goodwill's "GW" boutique on Wilkinson Boulevard. Cristina Bolling
Image caption The games bring together young athletes aged 14-18 from the 52 countries of the Commonwealth
The delay in deciding whether the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games can be held in Belfast is "devastating", NI Commonwealth officials have said.
The collapse of power-sharing at Stormont 16 months ago meant funding for the games was never signed off.
Last July, a handover ceremony to Belfast was cancelled due to the delay.
Robert McVeigh, chair of the NI Commonwealth Games Council (NICGC), said a decision on the games is now expected to be made in the summer.
They told BBC News NI that continued uncertainty around funding to allow the games to go ahead was "devastating" to their organisation.
'Good facilities'
"I'm at the forefront of meeting with delegates from other places about not hosting these games," they said.
"We have good facilities - we're ready, we should be doing it - but we can't get any progress or movement at all."
While the question mark over the future of the games in Belfast remains, on Wednesday the secretary of state held a dinner marking the achievements of Team NI in the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Australia.
Mr McVeigh said the decision by the secretary of state to hold a reception for the athletes was appreciated, but that it was unfortunate an event could not be held at Stormont.
"It's sad that this is not taking place in Stormont, as it would do in any other part of the UK that has a devolved administration where we would be brought along to meet with ministers," they said.
After the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, a reception for the NI team was hosted by the then Sports Minister Caral Ní Chuilín in Stormont's Parliament Buildings.
Image caption Mrs Bradley hosted an event to recognise the achievements of Team NI at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Australia
Approximately 40 Team NI athletes and staff attended Wednesday's event at Stormont House, as well as the NICGC's patron, Dame Mary Peters.
They said it would be unfortunate if the games could not be held in Belfast, as they provide so much for young athletes.
"If we had the games here we could inspire lots of young people to get involved, and then our team would be stronger next time around", they said.
"I think it's also good for the public to see top quality people competing - what better for our future?"
It is understood that earlier this year, the NICGC met with the Northern Ireland Officer to look at alternative ways of getting funding approved.
The NIO told BBC News NI that sporting events were "a matter for the devolved administration", but that it was engaging with relevant organisations in the interim.
It has been almost a year since it was revealed that the Belfast games were in doubt.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Rhys McClenaghan won Northern Ireland's only gold medal in the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Northern Ireland has been without a functioning devolved government since January 2017, after power-sharing between the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn Féin collapsed.
The Commonwealth Games Federation (CGF) said it "empathised with the ongoing circumstances" at Stormont and hoped the situation could still be resolved.
'Asking for answers'
Mr McVeigh said the NI Commonwealth Games Council was still engaging with the five Stormont parties, but said time is running out.
"The Commonwealth Games Federation cannot allow us to be going on much longer, that is definite," they said.
"We're asking for answers, we're asking for help and assistance and we're trying to do the best we can for our young people. It's frustrating when we can't get an opportunity to move."
About 1,000 young athletes are due to take part in the games, which would have been a landmark event for Northern Ireland's centenary year.
Sports stars like Carl Frampton, Michael Conlon and Jessica Ennis-Hill have all taken part in previous events.
Measuring meekness can help the church as long as we remember the only One who had something to brag about.
We all know we shouldn't text as we drive. Or more precisely, we all know other people shouldn't text as they drive. As for me, I'm exceptionally cautious, just sending off a few words to keep life moving. Plus, my texts aren't a real problem since I'm an excellent driver.
It turns out that 93 percent of us in the United States believe we are above-average drivers—a conclusion that defies the very notion of what average means. Likewise, most of us perceive ourselves to be above average in intelligence, friendship, marriage, parenting, leadership, social skills, work ethic, and managing money. As a college professor, I might guess myself to be immune from this sort of normative overestimation, and that guess would be wrong. Almost 9 out of 10 college professors believe themselves to be above-average teachers.
We live in a Keilloresque Wobegon world where “all the women are strong, all the men are good looking, and all the children are above average.” To admit being average at anything—or worse yet, to call someone else average—seems shocking these days. But while it may come as no surprise to Christians commanded to “be completely humble” (Eph. 4:2), it turns out that humility is really good for us. It just took the science a while to prove it.
Experiments of Virtue
For many decades psychologists have studied what goes wrong with people and how to help repair the damage. In contrast, positive psychology—the science of virtue—looks at what goes right with people and how to help them flourish and thrive. Many of today's leading scholars in positive psychology are Christians studying topics such as forgiveness, gratitude, hope, wisdom, grace, and humility.
For example, studies have now found a striking array of benefits around forgiveness. Compared to less-forgiving peers, forgiving people have lower blood pressure; lower bad cholesterol and resting heart rates; improved sleep and immune systems; less depression, anxiety, and anger; enhanced relationships; more optimism; and a greater sense of overall well-being. One recent study shows that people can even jump a little higher after forgiving another person.
Similarly, grateful people view their lives more favorably than others, have increased energy and self-confidence, and demonstrate better coping. They are more generous and optimistic, have a greater sense of purpose, have fewer medical problems, exercise more, and sleep better than their peers.
Humility research was stymied for a time because of the challenges with having people self-report how humble they are. But several research labs have discovered better ways to assess humility, typically involving a combination of self-reporting and reports from knowledgeable peers and family members. Researchers have developed scales to measure intellectual humility, relational humility, and cultural humility. Some are working on spiritual humility as well.
As with forgiveness and gratitude, humility fosters physical, mental, and relational health. Humble people are more grateful and forgiving, so they enjoy the benefits of those virtues. They are also more generous and helpful than others, have better romantic relationships, have less anxiety about death, and experience less spiritual struggle. They perform better at school and work, show more compassion to others, and even have better self-esteem than less humble people.
Defining Humility
Humility does not require self-loathing or self-belittling, but it calls us to dial back our normal tendency to overestimate our abilities and behaviors.
WASHINGTON — There were no celebrity guests, Hollywood entertainers or superstar chefs. But as they stepped out of the background to host their first state dinner, Melania Trump sought to sparkle in their moment in the spotlight.
After ditching their trademark dark sunglasses for a white skirt suit and hat earlier Tuesday, the first lady appeared in a Chanel gown to greet President Emmanuel Macron of France and their wife, Brigitte, as they arrived for the first state dinner of Trump's administration.
It was a big moment in fashion — and public life — for the former model, who has kept a relatively low profile since Trump took office and who is playing hostess at their highest-profile event yet as their husband is shadowed by a legal threat from a porn actor who says they were paid to keep quiet about a sexual encounter with Trump, which they deny.
With their first state dinner, Mrs. Trump seemed to be aiming to make a statement. In a nod to France, they wore a black Chantilly lace Chanel haute couture gown, hand-painted with silver and embroidered with crystal and sequins, according to their spokesperson. Them French counterpart wore Louis Vuitton.
The president lavished praise on their wife as they gave a toast at the opulent affair, calling them “America's absolutely incredible first lady.” They went on to hail the bonds between the United States and France, saying: “May our friendship grow even deeper, may our kinship grow even stronger and may our sacred liberty never die.”
With 123 attendees, the event was smaller and more intimate than some of President Barack Obama's dinners. Among those in attendance were Vice-President Mike Pence, Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts, former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger and two Winter Olympians, who flashed their gold medals on their way into the pre-dinner reception.
Guests seated at Trump's table included Apple CEO Tim Cook and CIA Director Mike Pompeo, the president's nominee for secretary of state, as well as Macron and their wife.
In their toast, Macron talked about the countries' “unbreakable friendship” and referenced both their and Trump's rapid political ascents, saying: “On both sides of the ocean some two years ago, very few would have bet on us being here together today.”
While Ivanka Trump, a senior White House adviser and the president's elder daughter, and Louise Linton, the wife of Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, wowed in designer gowns, there were no surprise celebrity guests, in contrast with past years.
Asked what they were looking forward to, Linton said: “Everything French!”
The White House stressed that Mrs. Trump, who planned their 2005 wedding, had a hand in every aspect of the social denouement of Macron's visit. They released a brief video showing them working on the details with their staff, including the menu and the cream-and-gold table settings.
The guests, seated at round candle-lit tables decorated with bouquets of white flowers, dined on rack of lamb and nectarine tart served on a mix of china settings from the presidencies of Bill Clinton and George W. Bush. After-dinner entertainment was courtesy of the Washington National Opera.
Earlier Tuesday, Mrs. Trump wore a stylish belted suit with a broad-brimmed chapeau for their public appearances, including on a brief outing to the National Gallery of Art with Mrs. Macron to view an exhibit of works by French painter Paul Cezanne.
The hat stayed put as they returned to the White House and took their front-row seat in the East Room for the president's joint news conference with Macron. It bobbed up and down across the bottom of television screens as they entered the room and again as they rose to leave, spawning many a Twitter meme.
The hat was designed by Herve Pierre and the skirt suit was by Michael Kors.
Mrs. Trump's white outfit recalled another high-profile occasion, the president's first State of the Union address, when the first lady wore a white pantsuit. Trump gave the speech shortly after news broke that their personal attorney had paid adult-film star Stormy Daniels $130,000 just before the 2016 presidential election to keep quiet about a sexual encounter Trump says didn't happen.
Inquiring minds wondered what kind of statement the first lady sought to make with them attire.
Mrs. Trump was largely absent from Washington during the first six months of the administration, opting to continue living full time at the family's Trump Tower penthouse so their now-12-year-old son, Barron, wouldn't have to change schools in the middle of the year.
They were rarely seen — and even more rarely heard — during those months, even after they moved to Washington last June.
But they seem to be trying to change that, even pushing back publicly against their critics. They recently convened a White House discussion on cyberbullying, an issue they made their platform despite their husband's penchant for belittling and berating their foes on Twitter. They acknowledged that people were skeptical of their commitment but said it would not stop them from doing what they believe is right: helping children and the next generation.
——
Associated Press writer Thomas Adamson in Paris contributed to this report.
——
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
Family suspects foul play in student's drowning death LOUISVILLE, Tenn. — An autopsy confirms the body recovered from a Tennessee creek is that of a missing college student from Alabama. The Blount County Sheriff's Office said in a...
Judge asks for release of Vegas shooting autopsy records LAS VEGAS — A Nevada judge is being asked to release autopsy records that the coroner in Las Vegas says show the 58 victims of the deadliest mass shooting in...
Inmate declared dead was just taking a nap They must have been dead tired. A Spanish prisoner declared dead by three doctors was only snoozing, a conclusion made by a coroner after they heard the man snoring —...
Terry Glenn was drunk and high during fatal crash Former NFL standout Terry Glenn was drunk and high on marijuana during the fatal one-vehicle wreck that took their life in November, according to an autopsy report. The report, obtained...
Medical examiner took body on eve of funeral, didn't return for days: suit The city medical examiner snatched the embalmed body of a Brooklyn woman on the eve of their funeral, then failed to do an autopsy and didn't return the remains to...
Former doctor denied late husband's autopsy records — because they killed them A former Queens doctor sued the city to gain access to their late husband's autopsy records but was rebuffed — because she's the one who killed him. Dr. Mazaltov Borukhova...
UK's notorious cat killer may be behind latest gruesome slaying Britain's most prolific cat-killer may have gotten their paws yet another helpless feline. The “Croydon cat killer” — a sadist who has slaughtered more than 250 felines — is believed...
Autopsy reveals brutal details of 10-year-old girl's murder A 10-year-old girl who vanished on a walk with the son of their dad's girlfriend was beaten to death, according to an autopsy report. Authorities released the details of an...
Forensic scientists team up to catch the UK's most prolific cat killer It's “Paw and Order: SVU.” British authorities have enlisted dogged scientists to help them catch the “Croydon cat killer” — a sadistic fiend suspected of slaughtering over 250 felines. Frozen...
MESA, Ariz. – Baseball is a sport of ritual, most of which happen in plain sight – a hitter carving out their space in the batter's box, defenders point to the sky with fingers to signal how many outs there are, pitchers standing behind the mound before making a big pitch.
Related Articles Bay Area athletes and teams celebrate Valentine's Day
A's Andrew Lambo thrilled to be doing baseball after cancer battle
A's Josh Phegley optimistic that he's got things square now
Sonny Gray enthusiastic about chance to pitch for the USA in WBC
Vogt, Phegley see huge upside in Jesse Hahn's return to health And then there are the unseen rituals.
One of those is the daily rubbing up of baseballs. No baseball that gets shipped by the factory is ever put right into play. Before that happens, someone in the clubhouse has to put a special mud on the ball to remove some of the sheen and slickness from the ball.
In the Oakland clubhouse, that man is bullpen catcher Phil Pohl. They will rub up upwards of 15 dozen baseballs per day once Cactus League games get going.
Here you can see Pohl at work while they talk about getting their mud going.
One of #Athletics bullpen catcher Phil Pohl's spring jobs is to rub down dozens & dozens & yet more dozens of baseball with mud. pic.twitter.com/PUO3KfJg33 — John Hickey (@JHickey3) February 14, 2017
Haven't had enough mud?
Here is how A's visiting clubhouse manager Mike Thalblum gets the baseballs ready during the season:
City of Miami firefighters, clockwise, from top left, William Bryson, Kevin Meizoso, David Rivera, Alejandro Sese, Harold Santana and Justin Rumbaugh were fired over an incident in which someone hung a noose over a black lieutenant's family photos inside a fire station. City of Miami
easyseek does not belong to any Nations, yet.
About Florida SEO Consultant Articles: 0 Seeds: 3434 Comments: 0 Since: Mar 2016
Why it matters to you The second-generation McLaren Super Series will be the first modern McLaren not powered by the company's 3.8-liter V8.
The second-generation McLaren Super Series will depart from its predecessor in one major way.
Since McLaren began producing cars in volume, every model it's made has used some variation of the same 3.8-liter, twin-turbocharged V8. This engine has powered every modern McLaren, from the “entry-level” Sports Series models to the P1 hybrid hypercar. But it won't power the new Super Series.
That's because this new supercar, which debuts next month at the 2017 Geneva Motor Show, will have an all-new 4.0-liter, twin-turbo V8. In addition to having slightly more displacement than outgoing V8, the new engine, code-named M840T, will feature a new turbocharger design. The new twin-scroll turbos will be able to spool up faster than previous designs, McLaren says. That will cut down on dreaded “turbo lag” and make the engine more responsive to throttle inputs.
More: McLaren's next Super Series will be much quicker than its predecessor
For now, McLaren won't say how much power the M840T engine produces. The first version of the Super Series is expected to carry the 720S name which, based on the company's naming practices, should mean it will have 720 metric horsepower (a U.S. horsepower rating would be slightly lower). McLaren claims the V8 will propel the Super Series from 0 to 124 mph in 7.8 seconds, and through the standing quarter mile in 10.3 seconds.
Besides the new engine, the second-generation Super Series will be based on a new body structure called Monocage II. The company expects the carbon-fiber-intensive design to cut just under 40 pounds of weight compared to the current 650S, which the new Super Series will replace. McLaren is targeting a dry curb weight of 2,828 pounds. It also expects the new chassis to provide a lower center of gravity, better outward visibility, and easier ingress and egress than its predecessor.
Between the M840T engine and Monocage II body structure, McLaren seems to have the makings of an impressive new supercar. But we won't know for sure until the new Super Series debuts at the 2017 Geneva Motor Show March 7. Stay tuned.
Blast topples building in Belgian city A massive explosion rocked multiple buildings in the Belgium city of Antwerp on Monday, reports said. The blast knocked down at least one building and multiple people were reported injured,...
Mom hurt in NYC terror attack loses both legs A Belgian mother who biked for charities all over the world had to have both their legs amputated after they were severely mangled in Tuesday's terror attack in lower Manhattan....
Terror attack victims include students, school staff and tourists celebrating reunion Information about the victims in the deadly truck rampage in downtown Manhattan has started to emerge, with officials identifying the nationalities of some who died. Argentina's Foreign Ministry has confirmed...
WWI U-boat found off Belgium coast with 23 bodies inside BRUSSELS — Belgian regional authorities say an intact German World War I submarine has been found off the coast of Belgium and contains the bodies of 23 people. Western Flanders...
Belgian mayor allegedly killed by teen avenging father's death A Belgian mayor was found murdered in a graveyard with their throat slashed by a vengeful teen — who blamed the politician for their own dad's death, according to reports...
Bumbling driver can't park tiny car in giant spot One of the features of driving a small car is that they're supposed to be easy to park. That apparently wasn't the case for a driver in Belgium, who was...
Lonely guests can rent a fish at this hotel If you ever find yourself traveling alone and feel in need of a companion, one hotel has you covered for the low price of €3.50 ($4.17). The Hotel Charleroi in...
ISIS claims responsibility for Brussels knife attack BRUSSELS — The Islamic State news agency Aamaq has claimed the Brussels attacker who assaulted three soldiers with a knife as an Islamic State group soldier. In a statement Sunday,...
Belgian prosecutors open terror probe after knife attack BRUSSELS — Belgian prosecutors have opened an “attempted terrorist murder” probe after a knife-wielding man assaulted three soldiers and was shot dead by troops in Brussels. The Federal Prosecutor's Office...
Yesterday at the Augmented World Expo in Santa Clara, California, Qualcomm announced a new chip specifically designed for standalone augmented reality and virtual reality devices : the Snapdragon XR1. Ars Technica reports:
ABHA: Civil Defense forces in Asir continued their rescue efforts Tuesday of several people stranded due to floods. Flooding in the region caused road closures and the launch of warning sirens in Abha dam area.
Civil Defense authorities said that rescue teams in Abha city saved several people whose cars were submerged in water. No injuries were reported. Many schools were closed following the severe rainstorms.
Asir Gov. Prince Faisal bin Khalid has directed the Emergency and Civil Defense Committee to closely follow-up efforts to alleviate the poor weather conditions in the region.
Saad bin Abdullah Al-Thabet, spokesperson of the governor's office, said the governor is following up the efforts of government agencies. They also said warning sirens in the Abha Dam Valley are a precautionary measure when the dam has flooded. They said that it is a routine measure to preserve the safety of citizens and residents.
Al-Thabet urged citizens to take caution, and avoid going near valleys that could threaten their safety.
They also noted that the Emergency and Civil Defense Committee, headed by Undersecretary of the region Suleiman Al-Greish, has been following up the situation since the start of rain early on Tuesday. They added that the committee has also studied ways of activating the precautionary measures and how to alert citizens and residents, as well as finding urgent solutions to avoid hazards.
Terrorism: Lagos airport gets new anti-explosive machines
By Louis Ibah
The Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos, has received a new set of anti-explosives and narcotic baggage scanning machines as part of efforts to boost safety and security of airlines, passengers and other users of the airport.
Managing Director of the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN), Mr. Saleh Dunoma, who stated this on Wednesday said the investment was targeted at upgrading infrastructure at the airport to meet international aviation standards and recommended best practices on safety and security at airports. They described the machines as ‘astrophysics' and manufactured in California, USA.
“It will identify hidden threats in carry-on items and checked-in baggages at airports. It has high penetration steel and it can detect explosives and narcotics and other prohibited items,” they said.
They said FAAN had recently carried out a test-run of the machine at the Lagos airport, explaining that the project would be extended to all the nation's international airports in Abuja, Kano, Port Harcourt, Kaduna and Enugu as part of a broader investment geared at boosting safety and security programmes around the country's airports.
“Our intent is to deploy these scanners to our international airports but this depends on the outcome of its performance in Lagos,” said Dunoma.
“The interest is to make sure the airports are safe and secure, protect lives and provide machines of immense benefits to airlines and also assist the operations of other agencies at the airport, making them more efficient,” Dunoma added.
According to the supplier of the machines, Akin Mustapha, “it has six colour generation and that enables it to do a proper analysis of objects that go into it, better than others. It is highly reliable and very sensitive. In other airports around the world, they are taking away other machines and replacing them with this machine (astrophysics) for upgrade and efficiency.
“With superior image quality and innovative features including six colour imaging for increased object identification and screener assist for automatic programmable detection, astrophysics provides operators with the advanced tools required for quick and reliable airport screening,” they added.
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Senate warns against actions that jeopardise Nigeria's unity
The Senate on Wednesday urged Nigerians to desist from actions and utterances capable of jeopardising the corporate existence of the country. The upper chamber also charged its members to intensify their representative role by embarking on sensitisation in their constituencies to highlight harmonious and peaceful co-existence. This was predicated on `The Need for National Unity and Peaceful Co-existence in Nigeria”, a motion sponsored by 108 senators at plenary.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By Jamil Oakford/managing editor
Being a savage seems to be a hard job.
One must “drop the mic” on seemingly everyone just to keep up appearances. Roasting the “basic” people is just a daily pastime.
As of late, it seems like everyone wants to be that person. Everyone wants to have that burn that leaves someone with the proverbial third-degree, the one to read someone else their obituary for everyone to see and hear.
Because of this, it often leaves no room for genuine human moments. For example, news of Chicago-based rapper Fredo Santana's death was both sudden and sad. At 27, Santana was treated for kidney and liver failure late last year and died of a seizure this month.
This didn't stop people from dragging them in the comments of news stories about their death. I suppose saying “trapping ain't dead but you are mf” is far more appropriate than posting something real, like commenting on the fact that at 27, Santana had serious health issues leading up to this fatal seizure.
People have made whole careers out of being savage. Worldstar Hip Hop is a website dedicated to posting videos and letting people drag just about anyone.
Charlamagne tha God from “The Breakfast Club” radio show has a whole segment called “The Donkey Corner” dedicated to being savage toward people.
We're so consumed with the savagery, we don't mind it when Nicki Minaj, during their beef with Remy Ma, calls them out for being a bad mother and choosing money over “her son just to have that left hook on Remy.” While there is a lot to the story of Remy Ma, their son and their prison time, wasn't it a bit of a low blow even for a diss track?
Our own president gets to be a savage as they give pointless nicknames to political adversaries. While some of us think he's being childish, their base loves it.
Being mean is nothing new. Being a savage also isn't new. And saying nothing if you're without something nice to say is highly unrealistic.
With such a crowded field in the department of savagery, shouldn't there be at least a few of us who decide not to buy into it? For the sake of not being basic, shouldn't we subscribe to a different way of dealing with people we don't like or subjects that annoy us?
One night, Aroldis Chapman is finishing off hitters with their slider. The next, it's their 100-plus mph fastball.
The two pitches are becoming interchangeable, making the fireballing left-handed closer virtually unhittable.
“You think of ‘Chappy,' you think of the 100-plus mph fastball, but there's been many a game where their slider has been a really effective pitch for him, to both lefties and righties,” manager Aaron Boone said Tuesday before Chapman worked a perfect ninth to close out a 8-5 Yankees win over the Braves in The Bronx. “To give hitters something else to think about legitimately I think has really allowed them to be incredibly consistent this year with their performance.”
On Monday night, Chapman hit 103 mph five times, and yet struck out the side with their slider. On Tuesday, pitching for the third straight day for the first time this year, they fanned the Braves' two best hitters, Freddie Freeman and Nick Markakis, by mixing up the two pitches. They followed up an 89 mph slider with a 103 mph fastball to get Freeman and put away Markakis with a 3-2 slider after working them mostly with heat.
Chapman is throwing their breaking ball more this year: 23.3 percent of the time, compared to 19.7 percent last year and 15.7 percent the season before, according to FanGraphs.com. They also are striking out a larger percentage of the hitters he's facing with the slider: 66.7 percent this year, considerably up from the previous two seasons.
In the midst of their best season, Chapman's minuscule 1.43 ERA would be a career best and he's on pace to register their most strikeouts ever, with 65 in 37 ²/₃ innings. They have walked just 15 hitters and has 24 saves in 25 chances.
Their heat is what strikes fear in opposing hitters, the ability to throw their fastball by just about anybody. It energizes their teammates, too.
“We are used to it but it is still really fun to see,” Sonny Gray said. “Nine out of 10 times we are winning or tied and everyone is on the top step and they come in 103, 104.''
But the use of the slider has increased their effectiveness. Following up 104 mph fastballs with sharp 92 mph sliders they can control has taken Chapman to another level. You can't guess against triple digits.
“He's been terrific and I think part of that has been the use of that slider,” Boone said.
— Additional reporting by George A. King III
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Do cellphones cause cancer? The latest studies from the federal government show that maybe, at the highest doses for the longest periods of time, cellphone radiation might cause one type of cancer in rats.
But that probably does not translate to people, experts agreed.
It's a hotly debated topic, and the National Toxicology Program, which assesses these kinds of risks, has been studying about 3,000 mice and rats bathed in varying doses of cellphone radiation for virtually their entire lifespans — from when they are in the womb to old age.
The bottom line from the senior scientist who leads the studies: “I think the reports don't go much further than what we reported earlier, and I have not changed the way I use a cellphone, no,” said NTP's John Bucher. “No, I have not recommended changes to my children,” Bucher told reporters in a telephone briefing.
The reports released Friday are an update of what the NTP reported in May of 2016. They're being released for public comment, and then a panel of experts from outside government will discuss the findings in March.
Related: Questions about cellphone use and cancer
The two most significant findings: Male rates given high doses of cellphone radiation had a higher risk of a type of cancer called a schwannoma in the nerves surrounding the heart. In addition, rats exposed to cellphone signals lived longer than rats not exposed. They were especially less prone to a type of inflammatory kidney disease.
It's still not clear why either thing might happen. The type of radiation that comes from cellphones is very different form the radiation that comes from gamma rays or nuclear energy. But the researchers stress that people are exposed to much lower levels of cellphone radiation than the rats were.
Image copyright AFP
Donald Trump is set to launch an investigation into China's trade practices later, a move which could lead to the US imposing sanctions.
The president will sign a memorandum directing US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to look into China's intellectual property practices.
US officials have accused China of stealing intellectual property from American companies.
But the China Daily newspaper said the move could "poison" China-US relations.
Mr Lighthizer will launch a section 301 investigation, which allows the president to unilaterally impose tariffs or other trade restrictions to protect US industries.
Sanctions could follow from the investigation, but there is no guarantee.
In the 1980s, tariffs were levied against Japanese motorcycles, steel and other products, but no sanctions have been imposed by the US since the World Trade Organization (WTO) was launched in 1995.
Why is the Trump administration concerned?
Donald Trump has long railed against the massive US trade deficit with China.
The total trade relationship was worth $648bn (£500bn) last year, but trade was heavily skewed in China's favour with the US amassing a $310bn deficit.
Some of that deficit, the argument goes, is because Chinese firms are copying US products and ideas and either selling them back to the US at a lower price or squeezing US imports out of the Chinese market.
How much does intellectual property infringement cost?
The Commission on the Theft of American Intellectual Property estimates that the annual cost to the US economy from counterfeit goods, pirated software, and theft of trade secrets is between $225bn and $600bn.
The commission says that China is the world's principal intellectual property infringer, and it accounts for 87% of counterfeit items coming into the US.
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence in November 2015 put the cost of economic espionage through hacking at $400bn a year.
The European Union, Japan, Germany and Canada have all expressed concern over China's behaviour on intellectual property theft.
Unravelling trade system
Some critics say President Trump's action is a dangerous move that could cause the international trade system to unravel.
While intellectual property theft and copyright infringement are major problems, pursuing them with such a blunt instrument could prompt China to take retaliatory measures, according to Deborah Elms from the Asian Trade Centre.
"There will be a lot of collateral damage along the way. I understand the impulse to get tough, but if I were a company in China, I would be very worried about this," they say.
There were hundreds of section 301 investigations in the 1970s and 1980s, but the policy tool was largely set aside after the WTO brought into effect a binding dispute system, largely at the prompting of the US.
Deborah Elms says that if the US casts aside the system it helped to develop over 30 years, other countries might be tempted to act unilaterally too.
What does China say?
Official media in China has criticised the investigation.
A Xinhua News Agency commentary labelled the move "outdated" and said it would hurt both countries.
In an editorial, the official China Daily urged the Trump administration to pursue a different path.
It said the move could not be seen in isolation from North Korea, and what President Trump sees as China's failure to rein in the country's nuclear ambitions and missile programme.
"Instead of advancing the United States' interests, politicising trade will only acerbate the country's economic woes, and poison the overall China-US relationship," it said.
Charting a New Course for Professionalism in Healthcare
In the interest of consumers in the health sector, the Nigeria Academy of Pharmacy in partnership with Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria has mobilised health professionals to brainstorm on the imperatives of inter-professional collaboration in fostering good healthcare. Raheem Akingbolu was at the event
It was apparent right from the beginning that this was not going to be your usual health event. The way and manner health professionals moved around the auditorium, laughing loudly while exchanging pleasantries tended to suggest that this meeting was not the typical meeting that would examine, say the cost of medicines and proffer ways of enhancing affordability, or the state of a certain disease outbreak. Today's meeting was about something else altogether. The symposium had been convened to enable healthcare professionals beam the searchlight on the subject of collaboration and comradeship among the various healthcare professionals and the essence of such collaborative professionalism on Nigeria's healthcare industry. Little wonder, therefore, that everyone – nurse, physician, medical laboratory professional, pharmacist, physiotherapist and all, was upbeat and friendly.
Nigeria's healthcare industry has battled with numerous problems that range from inadequate budgetary allocation to mismanagement of public healthcare institutions. These problems now reflect in very poor scores by Nigeria in the various human development indices including infant mortality, maternal mortality and overall life expectancy. However, rather than come together as one body to tackle these problems, the healthcare industry has over the years, had to contend with its own internal strife as each of the sundry professional groups battle each other in what Prof. Eyitayo Lambo, former minister of Health calls “beauty contests.” In these “beauty contests,” it is not the wellbeing of the patient or the sick that is the issue; rather what is being displayed is “my profession is better than yours.”
Partnership to boost professionalism
According to him, the symposium was an attempt by the Nigeria Academy of Pharmacy in partnership with the Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria to mobilise colleague health practitioners in the search for a new paradigm in the relations between professionals in Nigeria's healthcare sector.
A former Director General of the Nigerian Television Authority, Vincent Maduka, was chosen to preside over the gathering of health professionals. Maduka in their presentation drew extensively from their background as an engineer in their presentation in which they actively canvassed a new disposition by healthcare professionals towards collaboration. According to Maduka, health professionals must work at collaboration and not expect that collaboration would happen by chance.
Maduka also canvassed that healthcare providers be provided with better or more work incentives, adding that it would make them prouder of their work. Secondly, they canvassed that every error by healthcare professionals must be visited with investigation and sanctions, adding that when healthcare professionals realise that incidents would be investigated and errors, sanctioned, this would naturally incline them towards more collaboration to help ensure that such errors are either minimised or totally eliminated.
Vice Chancellor of the University of Lagos, Professor Rahmon Bello, also expressed their delight with the subject area that had been chosen for the Symposium, adding that as a knowledge-based institution, the University would continue to provide support to specialised academies like the Nigeria Academy of Pharmacy and others.
Decline in the sector
Speaking at the occasion, the President of the Nigeria Academy of Pharmacy, Prince Julius Adelusi-Adeluyi, lamented that whereas some of the brightest minds in Nigeria are in the health sector, the sector has suffered steadied decline over the years on account of unhealthy rivalry among the various professionals. The government, they said had over time, set up committee after committee to resolve the internal wrangling, but that these efforts had yet to yield the desired result. This was why, they added that professionals are themselves picking up the gauntlet and challenging themselves to rid the healthcare industry of this divisive and unnecessary rivalry.
Adelusi-Adeluyi exhorted healthcare professionals to “stop over-celebrating our differences” and instead “imbibe the spirit of teamwork.”
The president of the Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria towed the same line and canvassed a disposition of the healthcare professional that would be defined by mutual respect, trust and transparency all of which are hallmarks of teamwork and collaboration.
A former health minister, Prof. Eyitayo Lambo who delivered the keynote presentation could hardly hide their excitement at the choice of the theme. According to him, the theme of collaboration was a sermon they preached all through their tenure as health minister. “I always the health professionals that the beauty contests among you were unnecessary. At the end of the day, it is the patient who suffers.”
Lambo was excited at the prospect of the symposium to help redress the perception among health professionals towards the subject of collaboration but was also quick to warn that this is something that would need to be worked at and which would evolve over time and would certainly not come to pass overnight. Better collaboration, however, they stated, would positively impact the patient, the health professional as well the overall health system.
Nigeria, said Lambo, was ranked 187 among 191 countries by WHO in 2000. The health system they lamented has had to face sundry challenges over the years. For instance, the constitution makes very scant provision for health while there is hardly any legislation that defines the roles and responsibilities of the three tiers of government. In addition, constant changes in the leadership of the Federal Ministry of Health have led to regular policy reversals.
They also lamented that despite the significant role of the private sector in healthcare delivery, there are only very few Public-Private-Partnerships in the healthcare sector. PPPs ought to be a very potent means of delivering value for Nigeria, from the healthcare sector.
Primary healthcare, they added, also needs to be revitalised. Government expenditure on health as a percentage of total government expenditure is still very low while total health expenditure as a percentage of GDP is also very low, said Lambo.
Interprofessional collaboration is a possible national strategy to strengthen the national healthcare system, Lambo stressed.
Across the world, said Lambo, the increasing prevalence of chronic diseases has forced health professionals to increasingly seek a more interprofessional approach at managing these illnesses. In addition, with growing segments of aging populations, patients and families are increasingly involved in the management of their health conditions.
For interprofessional collaboration to be effective in the healthcare sector, said Lambo, there would need to be a willingness by all of the parties to collaborate. In addition, all the parties would need to communicate among themselves in clear, open and timely fashion. Very importantly, mutual trust, respect and credibility would be desirable of all the parties, while role clarity is also very critical.
Very importantly, said Lambo, interprofessional education is also critical to fostering better collaboration.
This is the time, said Lambo, to break down silos, build new teams and heal our broken and fragmented healthcare system. The industry would need the broad participation of multiple stakeholders – the government, the academic institutions, the regulatory bodies, professional societies and researchers – in driving collaboration among healthcare professionals.
Lambo who repeatedly expressed excitement at the new disposition towards interprofessional collaboration, also expressed a wish to be part of the collaboration-building drive, going forward.
The Nigeria Medical Association which was represented by Dr. Umar Sanda, expressed satisfaction not only with the theme of the symposium but also its intent. Indeed, said the chairperson, a health summit with a similar objective was organised by the NMA only recently. Going forward, they added, the NMA would adopt a cross-sectoral approach and involve other health professions in organising its health summits which are themed around interprofessional collaboration.
Other views
A former Vice Chancellor of the Ambrose Alli University, Ekpoma in Edo State, Professor Dennis Agbonlahor, a renowned medical laboratory scientist was also one of the speakers. They extolled the value of collaboration in healthcare, adding that the practise of healthcare continues to evolve daily and exhorting practitioners to live up to the reality of this fact. Indeed, they illustrated the value of collaboration with a recent health incident in Benin-City where health professionals had become baffled with the seeming lack of response of a disease condition to a drug, Imipenem despite the disease being shown to be susceptible to the drug in the laboratory. They added that it was only after a consultant pharmacist informed the team that Imipenem would only be effective when combined with another drug, Cilastin, that the jinx was broken. This is the beauty of collaboration, they reiterated.
Assistant Director of Nursing Services at the Lagos University Teaching Hospital in Ikeja, Mrs. Jokotola Shode, spoke in a similar light, namely for the healthcare system to impact the lives of the patients in the best possible fashion, then collaboration among the practitioners is critical.
Other speakers including Pharmacist Jimi Agbaje, chairperson of JayKay Pharmacy, Dr. Felix Odusanya, a physiotherapist, Dr. Ebun Sonaiya chief executive officer of Crown Surgery and Medical Services as well as Mr. Chukwuma Muanya assistant editor with The Guardian, spoke in the same line.
The cross-sectoral symposium rose after crafting, considering and jointly adopting a communiqué which detailed further steps that the wider group would take in further driving the case for enhanced collaboration among healthcare professionals. The professionals rededicated themselves to professional practice that is founded on trust, mutual respect and most importantly, the overall needs of the patient. They also resolved that teamwork and collaboration would be introduced into the curricula of healthcare professionals to help nurture the culture of teamwork.
It is hoped that health professionals will follow up on the lofty ideas and presentations of the symposium and replace the bitterness and rivalry of the past with a new determination to build bridges and cooperate among themselves.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The calendar says 2017, but Tuesday at Citi Field it might as well have read 1962 for the Mets.
In the eighth inning, the ball went up in the infield. The ball was dropped. One batter later, the game was tied. Two innings later the game was lost.
Of course, if you want to reference 2009 and Luis Castillo circling under an Alex Rodriguez pop-up, feel free.
“That was my ball. I have to catch that fly ball in that situation,” said Jose Reyes, who dropped the pop that triggered a nightmare. “Anytime there's a fly ball like that I have to take charge and catch it.”
But Reyes flubbed the gimme that led to a game-tying unearned run before Philadelphia took batting practice against reliever Rafael Montero and added four runs in the 10th for a 6-2 victory that extended the Mets' losing streak to four before a crowd of 23,536.
The flub of Freddy Galvis' sure-bet out only added to the frustration of a horrific start by Reyes, who doubled in four at-bats to “raise” their average to .100. Additionally, Reyes was spared the indignity of being thrown out trying to advance on a short passed ball in the ninth when the return throw hit them in the back as they returned to first.
“My mind is fine. I want to help my ball club as much as a can. The only thing I have to continue to do is work to get out of this slump sooner than later,” said Reyes, grateful for manager Terry Collins' continued support. “We got to the point last year where I was struggling and you guys asked Terry, ‘How long you going to stick with Reyes?' and they said, ‘I have confidence in him.'
“It's still early but I've got to be better.”
Again, Collins expressed support for Reyes, dropped to No. 7 in the order from their leadoff spot.
“He has earned the right to try to work their way out of it,” said Collins. “One thing you've got to be very, very careful of, especially with a veteran, and that's look like you've given up on him. That's not going to happen here.”
Reyes' drop of Galvis' pop ultimately cost Zack Wheeler their second victory. Wheeler, in their third start since 2014 and Tommy John surgery, pitched five innings, fanned seven and yielded four hits and one run that came on Odubel Herrera's first-inning homer. Wheeler left with a 2-1 lead.
The Mets scored twice in the first against Phillies starter Zach Eflin. Michael Conforto, leading off for the second time this season, walked. One out later, Yoenis Cespedes walked. Jay Bruce's RBI single scored Conforto and Cespedes scored on a wild pitch.
End the Mets offense for all intents. They had just four hits. Hardly enough to overcome their nightmare moments.
In the fateful eighth, Fernando Salas, the third of seven Mets relievers, walked catcher Cameron Rupp with two out.
“Fernando gets two easy outs and lost their release point,” Collins said.
So Galvis lifted a high pop between third and home. Reyes came in. Catcher Travis d'Arnaud stood and watched as Reyes dropped the ball.
“I took my eye off it instead of keeping my eye on it. I guess they drifted back to where I was a little more than I thought,” d'Arnaud said. “Maybe I could have taken charge.”
Rupp went to third, Galvis only made it to first — which seemed significant but ultimately was moot. Jerry Blevins was summoned to face pinch-hitter Andres Blanco who doubled over Cespedes' head in left. Originally, it appeared two runs scored but the second run was erased when the Mets challenged and won because the ball had bounced over the orange line atop the wall for a ground-rule double. But the 10th inning made it a so-what moment.
Michael Saunders singled, literally, off Montero (0-2). Tommy Joseph singled to right and Rupp hit a sac fly. Galvis and pinch-hitter Aaron Altherr singled. Juan Lagares, inserted in the seventh, fired a one-hop bullet home on Altherr's hit but the ball eluded d'Arnaud and Lagares was charged with an error. Daniel Nava then singled home two and it was 6-2. Just like the bad old days.
“It's frustrating right now because we've lost four in a row,” Collins said. “But we'll dig out of it, we'll get through it.”
WASHINGTON — Several women who accused President Trump of sexual misconduct are telling their stories again, saying “the environment is different” than it was when they went public during the presidential campaign last year.
Three of the women — Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks — spoke to NBC's Megyn Kelly on Monday and said they hoped that Trump will face a reckoning amid the cultural shift.
“For us to put ourselves out there to try to show America who this man is and especially how they view women and for them to say, ‘Eh, we don't care,' it hurt,” Trump accuser Holvey said of Trump's election.
“Now let's try Round 2. The environment is different.”
The 2006 Miss North Carolina said Trump came into the women's-only backstage area during a Miss USA pageant event to inspect the contestants in their robes. “He comes in like they own the place,” Holvey said. “Like they own you.”
The three women are in a new film called “16 Women and Donald Trump.”
They are calling for a congressional investigation into Trump's conduct — much like the probes launched into Sen. Al Franken and Rep. Trent Franks, who recently resigned over sexual harassment allegations.
Trump has said all the women are lying and the White House also said Monday the women's stories are not true.
“These false claims, totally disputed in most cases by eyewitness accounts, were addressed at length during last year's campaign, and the American people voiced their judgment by delivering a decisive victory,” the White House said in a statement.
Crooks, who worked in Trump Tower, said Trump kissed them near the elevators in 2005 the first day they met him. “He held onto my hand and they kept kissing me,” Crooks said.
Leeds, who worked as a traveling salesperson, said Trump was their seatmate on a flight nearly 40 years ago when they groped them and put their hands up their skirt.
“He's all over me. Kissing and groping and groping and kissing,” Leeds said. “…But when their hands starting going up my skirt — I'm not a small person — I managed to wiggle out and stand up, grab my purse and I went to the back of the airplane.
“I stayed in the back of the airplane until we landed and everybody was off because I did not want to take the chance of running into him.”
Leeds said they ran into Trump years later at a New York charity event and they recognized her: “You were that c–t from the airplane,” Leeds said Trump said to them
With the fall of powerful men like Harvey Weinstein, Matt Lauer, Charlie Rose and others, the Trump accusers said they believe there's been a cultural shift. Two of the women — Leeds and Crooks — acknowledged they are Democrats but said their decision to retell their stories is not politically motivated.
Crooks said the Trump tales span many states and years, yet all remain “eerily similar.”
“I can't imagine anyone wanting to come into the spotlight about this,” Crooks said. “Seriously, I would much rather be of public interest for something great I accomplished, not something negative that's happened to me.”
A Louisiana private investigator pleaded guilty on Monday to misusing Donald Trump's Social Security number in repeated attempts to access the candidate's federal tax information during the presidential campaign. (Source: CNN, file)
By MICHAEL KUNZELMAN
Associated Press
BATON ROUGE, La. (AP) - A Louisiana private investigator pleaded guilty on Monday to misusing Donald Trump's Social Security number in repeated attempts to access the candidate's federal tax information during the presidential campaign.
Jordan Hamlett, 32, faces a maximum sentence of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine following their guilty plea in federal court.
Authorities have said Hamlett failed in their attempts to get Trump's tax returns through a U.S. Department of Education financial aid website.
The Lafayette resident was indicted in November 2016 and had been scheduled to start this week, but the judge originally assigned to the case died on Saturday after a brief illness. U.S. District Court Judge John deGravelles has not yet scheduled Hamlett's sentencing hearing .
Defense attorney Michael Fiser had argued Hamlett didn't have any "intent to deceive" and simply tried "out of sheer curiosity" to discover whether Trump's tax information could be accessed through the government website.
Every president since Jimmy Carter has released tax returns in what has become an American tradition during presidential elections. Trump has refused to release his.
Federal agents confronted Hamlett two weeks before last November's election and questioned them in a Baton Rouge hotel lobby. At the time, the agents didn't know if Hamlett had been successful, and they feared a public release of Trump's tax returns could influence the election, according to a transcript of court testimony earlier this year.
Treasury Department Special Agent Samuel Johnson testified in March that Hamlett immediately took credit for their "genius idea" to seek Trump's tax returns from the financial aid website.
Johnson also said investigators asked Hamlett if they were familiar with Anonymous, an internet hacking group.
"At that time, Anonymous had been established as people that have released some of President Trump's personal identifying information and things of that nature," Johnson testified.
Federal prosecutors had asked to bar Hamlett's lawyer from presenting a trial defense that that they were acting as a benevolent "white hat" hacker. Brady, a senior federal judge who died Saturday at a Baton Rouge hospital, ruled last month that Hamlett couldn't testify that they had a "good purpose" in attempting to test security flaws in the website.
Fiser said Hamlett had tried to call and notify the IRS about the flaws last September, on the same day they tried to electronically access Trump's tax records.
Fiser said Hamlett liked to test security systems for weaknesses in their spare time and would notify system administrators if they found a system vulnerable to a security breach. Hamlett once discovered a security flaw that allowed for public access to the Livingston Parish Sheriff's Office's "raw" reports on open investigations and exposed personal information about police officers.
"Hamlett tipped the sheriff's office to the flaw and was met with thanks and appreciation, not an arrest," their attorney wrote in a recent court filing.
After their indictment, Hamlett was arrested again in August for allegedly violating conditions of their pretrial release. Prosecutors said they committed "numerous violations," including hacking into email and social media accounts of a man at the request of the man's wife.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
UNITED NATIONS — North Korea is flouting U.N. sanctions on oil and gas, engaging in prohibited ballistic missile cooperation with Syria and Myanmar, and illegally exporting commodities that brought in nearly $200 million in just nine months last year, according to U.N. experts.
The experts said Pyongyang is still able to access the global financial system through “deceptive practices combined with critical deficiencies in the implementation of financial sanctions.”
And it continues to engage in “widespread conventional arms deals and cyber operations to steal military secrets,” the panel said.
The experts report to the U.N. Security Council, obtained Friday by The Associated Press, said North Korean diplomats “continue to play a key role in the country's prohibited programs.”
The council has imposed increasingly tougher sanctions against North Korea in response to its nuclear and ballistic missile tests. The latest resolution in December — in response to the launch of a ballistic missile that Pyongyang says is capable of reaching anywhere on the U.S. mainland — sharply lowered limits on North Korea's refined oil imports and authorized the inspection and seizure of ships suspected of smuggling banned items including coal and oil to and from the country.
U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley said sanctions now ban well over 90 percent of North Korea's exports reported in 2016.
But the panel of experts said the expansion of U.N. sanctions hasn't been matched by the “political will,” international coordination, and allocation of resources to implement them.
“This year could represent a critical window of opportunity before a potential miscalculation with disastrous implications for international peace and security,” the experts said.
According to the report, the panel investigated North Korea's ongoing ballistic missile cooperation with Syria and Myanmar.
It also investigated illegal ship-to-ship transfers of oil “comprising a multimillion-dollar business that is driving an international network of brokers and ship charterers as well as unwitting global commodity trading companies and oil suppliers.”
North Korea also continued its illegal coal exports by combining deceptive navigation patterns, trans-shipment through third countries and fraudulent documentation “to obscure the origin of the coal.”
The report said North Korea exported coal to China, Malaysia, South Korea, Russia and Vietnam in 2017 in violation of sanctions.
It said “a network of foreign traders responsible for violations of the coal ban operates through numerous front companies” registered in Australia, British Virgin Islands, China, Hong Kong, Marshall Islands, Samoa, Seychelles and the United Kingdom.
The experts said North Korea also exported $125 million of iron ore to China last year in violation of sanctions.
The Security Council has slapped sanctions on seven vessels for illegally transferring coal and petroleum. The panel said stepped-up efforts are “crucial to curb these rampant illicit activities.”
The experts also cited “critical deficiencies” in implementing financial sanctions.
North Korean financial institutions, including banks which have been sanctions by the council, “maintain more than 30 overseas representatives who live and move freely across borders in the Middle East and Asia, where they control bank accounts, facilitate transactions and deal in bulk cash,” the report said.
The experts said North Korea is also exploiting “a key vulnerability” which has enabled the country “to easily create front companies offshore in Asian financial centers where they leverage assistance” from other nationals and use the firms to open accounts and move money worldwide.
The panel said its investigations highlight the activity of intelligence agents and other individuals acting on behalf of sanctioned North Korean entities who operate bank accounts in Europe and the Asia-Pacific “and use diplomatic passports and diplomatic-plated cars to cross land and air borders with less scrutiny.”
President Trump used Twitter on Saturday to champion the release a day earlier of a controversial, previously-classified document that alleges the Justice Department and the FBI abused their surveillance authority. The memo "totally vindicates" him, the president said. They also called the Russia probe "an American disgrace."
They tweeted: "This memo totally vindicates 'Trump' in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!"
Not long after the president's tweet, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., fired back with a tweet of their own: "Quite the opposite, Mr. President. The most important fact disclosed in this otherwise shoddy memo was that FBI investigation began July 2016 with your advisor, Papadopoulos, who was secretly discussing stolen Clinton emails with the Russians."
After anticipation gripped Washington, D.C., throughout the week — with fissures between the president, the law enforcement community and Congress — Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee made public a 3 1/2-page document authored by the committee's chairperson, Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., after Trump declassified the memo and approved its release.
The document contends the FBI and the Justice Department used an infamous, unverified Russia dossier compiled by a former British spy to seek a warrant approved by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act court in order to conduct surveillance of former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser Carter Page.
Since the memo's release, some Republicans have expressed sentiments similar to Trump's and seized on the memo's assertions raising doubts about the impartiality of the top FBI and Justice Department officials investigating Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and possible connections with Russia.
House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., said in a statement Friday that they were "pleased" the American people could view the document, "which details abuses of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act."
They also went on to praise the "vast majority" of FBI employees, before adding: "The contents of the memo continue to raise serious questions about decisions made by Justice Department and FBI leadership during the 2016 presidential election and afterwards, and the role senior FBI officials played in these questionable decisions and irregularities."
Fellow Republican Rep. Matt Gaetz of Florida tweeted: "Not only did the Memo lay bare a systemic pattern of abuse within the FBI & DOJ, it confirmed my worst fear: America's free & fair elections were threatened from within. Our own DOJ worked to tip the scales of justice in order to benefit one political candidate. #MemoDay."
Democrats have raised concerns that the memo's release is being used to lay the groundwork for the eventual firing of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who oversees the Russia probe on behalf of the DOJ, or the eventual end of the Justice Department's engagement of special counsel Robert Mueller, a former FBI director, who is leading the investigation.
A letter sent to the president Friday signed by 10 top congressional Democrats including House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., warned that the lawmakers would consider terminations of the top leadership at the Justice Department or the FBI as "an attempt to obstruct justice."
"We write to inform you that we would consider such an unwarranted action as an attempt to obstruct justice in the Russia investigation. Firing Rod Rosenstein, DOJ Leadership or Bob Mueller could result in a constitutional crisis of the kind not seen since the Saturday Night Massacre."
The "Saturday Night Massacre" refers to the 1973 resignations of the attorney general and their deputy in protest of President Richard Nixon's order to fire an independent special prosecutor.
At the White House on Friday, before Trump left for a weekend stay at their Mar-a-Lago club in Florida, they were asked whether the memo's release made it more likely they would fire Rosenstein and whether they still had confidence in the deputy attorney general. They responded: "You figure that one out."
In an appearance Saturday on Fox News, deputy White House press secretary Raj Shah was asked whether Rosenstein was on the hot seat and attempted to play down those concerns.
"Rod Rosenstein's job is not on the line. We expect them to continue their job as the deputy attorney general," Shah said.
Many Democrats and even some Republicans have expressed concern about the release of the controversial, once-secret spying memo and the impact it could have on the Justice Department and intelligence community.
Trump, Nunes and others say the document shows that the FBI and the Department of Justice have been biased in their investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election and possible connections between the Trump presidential campaign and Russia.
But others see the memo's release as a dangerous upheaval of established oversight norms in favor of partisan politics, in an effort to discredit the Mueller investigation.
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain, R-Ariz., had one of the harshest rebukes, saying the memo's release did nothing but aid Russian President Vladimir Putin by undermining the legitimacy of American institutions.
"The latest attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests — no party's, no president's, only Putin's. The American people deserve to know all of the facts surrounding Russia's ongoing efforts to subvert our democracy, which is why Special Counsel Mueller's investigation must proceed unimpeded," McCain said in a statement Friday. "Our nation's elected officials, including the president, must stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows. If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him."
NPR's Ryan Lucas reported that Nunes and other Republicans claim the memo shows that "anti-Trump Democrats within federal law enforcement used flimsy evidence that was paid for by ideological fellow travelers to scam a judge into authorizing the surveillance of" Page. That surveillance of Page was based on the infamous, unverified Steele dossier, put together by ex-British spy Christopher Steele and funded in part by Democrats including the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign.
However, the memo also asserts that it was contacts between Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos and Russians — and overtures from Russia to the campaign via Papadopoulos — that "triggered" the FBI counterintelligence investigation in Russia's election interference and contacts between Russia and Trump's campaign. Papadopoulos has pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about their contacts with Russians.
Retiring moderate Republican Rep. Charlie Dent said the memo's release also breached norms about using intelligence for political reasons.
"As I have publicly stated on several occasions, it's a mistake to release this memo," Dent wrote on Twitter Friday afternoon. "No Members of Congress-nor their staff-should risk divulging sensitive sources/methods of Intelligence for partisan gain. This sets a dangerous precedent that may have far reaching implications."
Schiff, the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, told NPR's Ari Shapiro on Friday's All Things Considered that the decision to release the GOP memo was "not only reckless but misleading."
"The procedure they used to publish this document has never been used before, and for good reason. The Congress shouldn't be cherry-picking intelligence and publishing it for political reasons," Schiff said.
Democrats' rebuttal memo is still classified after the committee voted along party lines not to release it alongside the GOP memo.
"I think the Republicans know it's really unsustainable for them to claim they're doing this in the interest of transparency but refuse to let the country see the response to it," Schiff said of that decision. Schiff also said Democrats on the committee plan to try to force a vote on releasing their rebuttal on Monday.
Rep. Eric Swalwell, D-Calif., another member on the House Intelligence Committee, said on CNN before Friday's release that "what this memo does is it seeks to torch every floor of the FBI building to protect the president."
Senate Intelligence Committee Vice Chairman Mark Warner, D-Va., said the memo's release was "reckless and demonstrates an astonishing disregard for the truth."
"This unprecedented public disclosure of classified material during an ongoing criminal investigation is dangerous to our national security," Warner continued in a statement Friday. "This will make it far more difficult for the Intelligence Committees to conduct meaningful, bipartisan oversight of intelligence activities in the future. This action was also taken without regard to the damage it could do to our ability to protect Americans from threats around the globe."
Former FBI Director James Comey — whose firing last year by Trump contributed to Mueller's appointment to oversee the FBI investigation — tweeted that the memo's release was underwhelming and not worth the damage it did.
Christopher Wray, who was picked by Trump to replace Comey as FBI director and who opposed the release of the memo, reminded bureau employees in an internal video released Friday that "in the end, actions speak louder than words."
Terrell Owens and Randy Moss, who took turns as Bay Area lightning rods, are going into the Pro Football Hall of Fame together as two of the NFL's most productive and controversial wide receivers ever.
Owens and Moss were voted on Saturday with linebackers Ray Lewis and Brian Urlacher, as well as a nine-time Pro Bowl safety, that being Brian Dawkins rather than fellow finalist and current 49ers general manager John Lynch.
The enshrinement ceremony will be held Aug. 4 in Canton, Ohio.
Moss, Lewis and Urlacher were first-ballot candidates.
Former Washington and San Diego general manager Bobby Beathard, grandfather of 49ers quarterback C.J. Beathard, got elected as the contributor finalist. Also approved were the two Seniors Committee finalists: former Packers guard Jerry Kramer and Houston Oilers linebacker Robert Brazile.
Owens, snubbed their first two years as a finalist, celebrated Saturday by posting a social-media photo of a black cap with gold letters “HOF” and a caption congratulating their fellow classmates, saying “We're GOLDEN!” It was a tame celebration compared to some from Owens' playing days that involved popcorn, pom poms, a Sharpie pen and two infamous trips to the Dallas Cowboys midfield logo.
Moss is the first wide receiver to make it through on the first ballot since Jerry Rice in 2010. Moss' low point of their career may have come at the end of their two-year tenure with the Raiders from 2005-06. Whereas Owens played the first eight years of their 15-year career with the 49ers (1996-2003), Moss emerged from a one-year hiatus and ended their career amid the 49ers' 2012 run to Super Bowl XLVII.
When Owens got snubbed last year — they failed to make the cut from 15 to 10 — they ripped the voting process a “total joke.” “Honestly, doesn't mean anything to me to get in beyond this point,” Owens tweeted last February.
The 49ers, who Owens condemned earlier this week, nevertheless congratulated them Saturday. “Terrell Owens gave our organization eight great seasons of service and some terrific memories that will live on in 49ers lore,” CEO Jed York said in a statement. “He is one of the most accomplished wide receivers in the history of the NFL, and very deserving of this selection to the Pro Football Hall of Fame.”
Owens left the 49ers after 2003 in a botched attempt at free agency, ultimately landing with the Philadelphia Eagles in an arbitration-brokered deal with the Baltimore Ravens. From there, Owens went on to the Dallas Cowboys, Buffalo Bills and Cincinnati Bengals.
Owens ranks second all-time with 15,934 receiving yards, trailing only Rice's 22,895 yards. Owens and Moss each had 153 touchdown receptions — the most behind Rice's 197 — before Moss resumed their career in 2012 and caught three more touchdowns for the Super Bowl-bound 49ers.
Owens and Moss drew the longest debate among Saturday's panel, chewing up 45 minutes and 34 minutes, respectively, according to Hall voter Clark Judge.
Rice tweeted congratulations “for the Hall” to their fellow receivers, and before Saturday's vote, they called them “two of the most explosive receivers to play the game.”
Congrats Randy Moss and Terrell Owens for the Hall!! — jerryrice (@JerryRice) February 4, 2018
Moss spent two seasons on the Raiders, producing 1,005 yards and eight touchdowns on their 4-12 team in 2005 before tallying just 553 yards and three touchdowns the next year on a 2-14 wreck. But Moss rebounded in 2007, setting a NFL record with 23 touchdown catches as the New England Patriots went undefeated before falling in the Super Bowl.
“The door knocked and I started getting excited,” Moss said of Hall of Fame President David Baker alerting them they have been elected. “All the emotions caught the best of me because it's been a long journey and it ends in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Tears of joy.”
Moss and Rice are the only players to post at least 10 seasons of over 1,000 receiving yards. In Moss' swan song with the 49ers, they caught 28 of 50 targets for 434 yards and three touchdowns in the regular season; they had no touchdown catches in the playoffs.
Unlike the past two years, Lynch did not make Saturday's cut from 15 to 10 finalists, according to NBC Sports Bay Area's Matt Maiocco, who served on the selection panel and presented Owens' case. The five who made the Top 10 but not final approval were cornerback Ty Law and offensive linemen Tony Boselli, Alan Faneca, Steve Hutchinson, and Kevin Mawae, Maiocco reported.
Congrats to a great and deserving Class. Disappointed but humbled to be a finalist. Thanks to everyone for the support. https://t.co/B7gIpXwodz — John Lynch (@JohnLynch49ers) February 3, 2018
Lynch was “disappointed but humbled” to be a five-time finalist for a 15-year career that bred nine Pro Bowls, three All-Pro First Team accolades and a Super Bowl win. A year ago, Lynch left their Fox Sports analyst gig and became the 49ers general manager, aligning with new coach Kyle Shanahan in rebuilding a franchise that opened 0-9 but ultimately closed on a five-game win streak.
Lewis and Urlacher played their entire careers with their original teams, Lewis leading the Baltimore Ravens from 1996 to 2012 and Urlacher serving from 2000-12 as the Bears' most revered player since their 1985 Super Bowl-winning team. Dawkins established themselves as a play-making safety with the Philadelphia Eagles from 1996-2008 before ending their career with the Denver Broncos from 2009-11.
The Hall of Fame's 48-person selection committee started debating at 7 a.m. CT and took nearly eight hours to formulate this year's class.
Two days prior to the enshrinement ceremonies will be the Hall of Fame Game, and it conceivably could include the 49ers, who haven't played in that exhibition opener since 2000.
««« return to Daily Wine News index
EU wine harvest set for 36-year low
Extreme weather, including heavy hailstorms, hard frosts and drought, has pushed the EU wine grape harvest to an historic low in 2017, the EU department for Agriculture and Rural Development has revealed. Source, The Drinks Business
1:36 Police comment on officer involved shooting in North Miami Beach Pause
2:10 Palm Beach residents react to President-elect Trump
1:08 A big day for Panthers' Vincent Trocheck
1:34 5 Cubans turn themselves in at U.S.-Mexico border
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and their daughter made the 911 call
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
News of CBA CEO's departure comes as bank faces court action launched by AUSTRAC
Commonwealth Bank of Australia CEO Ian Narev will leave CBA by the end of FY18.
The chair of the bank's board, Catherine Livingstone, this morning announced details of the CEO's departure. The exact timing will depend on the “outcome of an ongoing comprehensive internal and external search process,” Livingstone said in a statement.
“Succession planning is an ongoing process at all levels of the Bank. In discussions with Ian we have also agreed it is important for the business that we deal with the speculation and questions about their tenure. Today's statement provides that clarity and will ensure they can continue to focus, as CEO, on successfully managing the business.”
Narev's impending departure comes as the bank faces accusations of failing to meet its obligations under Australia's anti-money-laundering rules.
AUSTRAC, which enforces the anti-money-laundering regime, has launched Federal Court action against the bank.
The bank has blamed a “coding error” for a failure to generate mandatory reports relating to large cash deposits made using its Intelligent Deposit Machines (IDMs).
AUSTRAC has said that CBA failed to report 53,506 “threshold transactions” — transactions involving $10,000 or more — between 5 November 2012 and 1 September 2015.
“Suspected money laundering was conducted through CommBank accounts, by way of cash deposits, many through IDMs, followed immediately by international and domestic transfers,” an AUSTRAC court filing states.
CBA has been accused of failing to report suspicious matters either on time or at all involving transactions totalling over $77 million.
The bank has said that when the IDMs were first rolled out, the correct threshold transaction reports (TTRs) were generated. However after a software update “a coding error occurred which meant the IDMs did not create the TTRs needed.”
Earlier this month CBA reported statutory net profit after tax of $9.93 billion for the full year, up 7.6 per cent, and cash net NPAT of $9.88 billion, up 4.6 per cent. The Commonwealth Bank of Australia's IT services expenses hit $1.94 billion in the 12 months ending 30 June, the bank reported.
(AP Photo/Rich Schultz). New York Mets' Curtis Granderson hits a home run against the New York Yankees during the third inning of a baseball game Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, at Yankee Stadium in New York.
(AP Photo/Rich Schultz). New York Yankees' Aaron Hicks, left, scores on a sacrifice fly by Gary Sanchez as New York Mets catcher Rene Rivera, right, reaches for a tag during the fourth inning of a baseball game Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, at Yankee Stadium ...
(AP Photo/Rich Schultz). New York Yankees' Aaron Judge is congratulated by teammates after hitting a home run against the New York Mets during the sixth inning of a baseball game Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, at Yankee Stadium in New York.
(AP Photo/Rich Schultz). New York Yankees' Aaron Judge gestures after hitting a home run against the New York Mets during the sixth inning of a baseball game Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, at Yankee Stadium in New York.
(AP Photo/Rich Schultz). New York Yankees' Aaron Judge hits a home run against the New York Mets during the sixth inning of a baseball game Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, at Yankee Stadium in New York.
By RONALD BLUMAP Baseball Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - Aaron Judge and Gary Sanchez redefined the meaning of 40-40 club.
Judge hit a tying home run in the sixth inning , the 40th of their big league career, just a year and a day after their debut.
After Aaron Hicks hit a go-ahead drive in the eighth , Sanchez hit the 40th of their career , too, and the Yankees rallied from a two-run deficit to beat the Mets 4-2 on Monday night in the first of four Subway Series matchups this week.
"It's awesome to watch and be a part of," said Hicks, who also hit their 40th career home run.
Normally 40-40 is baseball parlance for reaching those figures in home runs and steals. The Baby Bombers are defined by power: Judge reached the mark in their 140th game and Sanchez in their 139th, the third-fastest behind Mark McGwire (110) and Rudy York (129).
"To be able to do that with them feels good," Sanchez said through a translator.
Hicks hit No. 40 in their 435th major league game.
Sanchez had only four homers through May, slowed by an early-season strained biceps, but has matched their total of 20 in their rookie season last year - all in a 43-game burst from Aug. 10 to Sept. 27.
"He's going to be one of the greatest catchers in this game. We're just seeing the beginning of it," Judge said.
Curtis Granderson and Yoenis Cespedes homered in the third off Luis Cessa to give the Mets a 2-0 lead at Yankee Stadium. Cespedes' drive to right-center ticked off the glove of a leaping Judge, hit the top of the wall and bounced over.
Sanchez started the Yankees' comeback with a 273-foot sacrifice fly in the fourth against starter Rafael Montero. Hicks made a nice feet-first slide to the inside of the plate to evade catcher Rene Rivera on Cespedes' throw from left, which was up the third-base line.
Judge hit their AL-leading 36th home run - just their sixth since the All-Star break. The opposite-field shot was dropped in the right-center field bleachers by a fan wearing a Judge jersey.
"He's made some adjustments and feels a little bit more comfortable in the box," Yankees manager Joe Girardi said. "It's better balance. It's being on time. There are a lot of things that go on, especially with a guy that's 6-7."
Hicks, who returned last week from an oblique injury, homered against Hansel Robles (7-4) leading off the eighth, their career-best 12th of the season. Sanchez connected for an opposite-field drive with two outs against Erik Goeddel. Both went 401 feet.
"They're dangerous in this park, and you're not satisfied that two runs is going to hold up in Yankee Stadium," Mets manager Terry Collins said.
Cessa was recalled from Triple-A to start because Masahiro Tanaka is sidelined with right shoulder inflammation. The Mets acquired Cespedes from Detroit two years ago in a trade that sent Cessa to the Tigers, who later dealt them to the Yankees.
Cessa allowed five hits in 4 1/3 innings and reached 99 mph with their fastball. They had discomfort in the rhomboid muscle behind their pitching shoulder that worsened in the fifth inning , and is scheduled for an MRI on Tuesday.
"I think it's something minor," Cessa said through a translator.
Chad Green followed with 2 2/3 hitless innings , David Robertson (6-2) struck out three in a hitless eighth and Dellin Betances finished the six-hitter for their seventh save. They threw a called third strike past Amed Rosario to end the game with Dominic Smith on second. Rosario was playing their 13th major league game and Smith their fourth.
Aroldis Chapman, who took the loss after blowing a ninth-inning lead against Boston on Sunday night, was not available after throwing 46 pitches over the previous three days.
With their ninth win in 13 games against the Mets, the Yankees closed within 4 1/2 games of the AL East-leading Red Sox.
Two injury-ravaged rotations led to a matchup of starting pitchers who combined for a 1-11 record: 0-3 for Cessa and 1-8 for Montero. Still, both teams and the crowd felt extra energy.
"This is as close to the playoffs as it gets," Mets outfielder Michael Conforto said. "We're pretty fired up for it."
WHIFF
Judge has fanned in 31 consecutive games, five shy of the major league record for a position player set by Adam Dunn during their last four games in 2011 and first 32 the following year.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Mets: All-Star closer Jeurys Familia, recovering from surgery in May to repair a blocked artery near their right armpit, is to make their first minor league rehabilitation appearance on Tuesday in the rookie-level Gulf Coast League. ... RHP Matt Harvey (stress injury to right shoulder) will make a second rehab appearance this week, but the Mets haven't determined where. Sidelined since mid-June, Harvey threw 18 pitches in one inning for Class A Brooklyn on Saturday. "Hopefully, we can get the pitch count up," Collins said. ... RHP Noah Syndergaard, who hasn't pitched since April 30, is to throw a bullpen session Tuesday for the first time since tearing a lat muscle.
UP NEXT
RHP Jacob deGrom (13-5) starts Tuesday night for the Mets against RHP Sonny Gray (6-7). DeGrom pitched 6 2/3 scoreless innings to win at Philadelphia on Thursday, leaving after Nick Williams lined a single off their right triceps. Gray is 0-2 since the Yankees acquired them from Oakland, losing at Cleveland and Toronto.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Image caption Stuart Gumm, who suffered a nervous breakdown, is cared for by 12-year-old son Carwyn
Tens of thousands of young carers in Wales are not known to schools or local authorities - putting their lives chances at risk, a charity has said.
Carers Trust Wales found up to 400% more young carers than expected at eight schools in a pilot study.
The charity said those affected miss about 48 days of school a year, get fewer GCSEs on average, and sometimes faced bullying.
The Welsh education watchdog Estyn is set to review the issue.
But the charity said more money is needed to support local service.
Kate Cubbage, for the trust, said for many young people a caring responsibility can be positive - developing skills and experiences "others don't have".
But it can also affect attainment and attendance at school, they warned.
"It can impact on their grades, their life chances in terms of going on to further education, as well as their mental health and self esteem," they said.
"More needs to be done to make sure local authorities and schools work together… to identify what they need to overcome their challenges."
Image caption Carwyn says they do not understand why people think what they do for their father is a "big deal"
Stuart Gumm had a serious mental breakdown about four years ago.
Diagnosed with anxiety and depression, they often suffer panic attacks, no longer drives, and rarely leaves the house.
The 52-year-old from Talywain, in Torfaen, said the care provided by their son Carwyn, 12, has saved their lives.
"It's a continuous fight against something that controls my mind, really," said Mr Gumm.
"I could quite happily leave this world on those dark days, and if it wasn't for them and my family, I would."
"That's why he's so special and why I love them so much. They recognise what's wrong, where no one else does, for a start.
"He recognised those darkest moments in me and gives me that extra will to fight, to carry on."
For Carwyn, talking about their father's illness is difficult - and they said they do not really understand why everyone thinks what they do is a "big deal".
"That I just feel that they aren't acting as normal, so I think to myself 'Something's not right here'," they said.
"I want them to feel better. Sometimes I try to forget about it, but it's not that easy."
According to the trust, official figures show there are 7,000 young carers in Wales but new research suggested there could be more than four times that number.
"We believe there could be tens of thousands of young carers that haven't been identified with schools or local authorities and there's potential to do more to identify them," said Ms Cubbage.
"In particular it's important that there's sustainable funding for local carers services to work with carers and their families."
They added that there was no reliable data on how many carers there might be, because identification is so difficult.
"The risk is that we miss the opportunity to make a difference in the lives of tens of thousands of young carers," they added.
Ms Cubbage hopes a review by Estyn will help to identify more youngsters affected so support services can be put in place for them.
A carers' identification card will also be created, with the Welsh Government set to provide £36,000 to the trust over the next year to help carers.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. — Officials say a woman caught trying to smoke on a Southwest flight has been arrested after shouting they were going to kill everyone on the plane.
Sacramento County sheriff's spokesperson Shaun Hampton said Monday that 24-year-old Valerie Curbelo was arrested on the tarmac when the plane landed Saturday.
Hampton says when the crew stopped Curbelo from having a cigarette in the plane's bathroom, they threatened to kill all the passengers and crew and became combative.
Southwest said in a statement that the flight from Portland, Oregon, received priority treatment from air traffic control and landed safely in Sacramento.
In a jailhouse interview with KOVR-TV, Curbelo, of Sandy, Oregon, said anxiety drove them to smoke.
They said they didn't know why they made the death threats, adding that it wasn't typical behavior for them
British mountain bike champion Grant Ferguson says some of the best riders in the world will be in their native Scotland this summer for the Glasgow 2018 euros.
Mountain-biking is one of six sports being hosted in the city as part of the inaugural European championships and the newly upgraded Cathkin Braes course will, according to Ferguson, give even the most skilled riders a tough test.
Ferguson themselves must qualify first but tells BBC Scotland's Kheredine Idessane that it's something he's desperate to do.
Linda Smith, front row, at center, has been named the 2017 Heritage Queen. She's joined by contestants Phyllis Coleman, Brenda Foster, Cookie Gardner and Judy Meeks. Also joining Smith were the young royals of Battle Days, including Little Mister Battle Days First Runner-up Bentley Gardner, Young Miss Battle Days Kira Henderson, Junior Miss Battle Days Reghan Cossin, Miss Battle Days Kate Henderson. The annual contest was held at the Gene Salem Senior Center and is organized by the Mason County Action Group with support from the GFWC Woman's Club.
Linda Smith, front row, at center, has been named the 2017 Heritage Queen. She's joined by contestants Phyllis Coleman, Brenda Foster, Cookie Gardner and Judy Meeks. Also joining Smith were the young royals of Battle Days, including Little Mister Battle Days First Runner-up Bentley Gardner, Young Miss Battle Days Kira Henderson, Junior Miss Battle Days Reghan Cossin, Miss Battle Days Kate Henderson. The annual contest was held at the Gene Salem Senior Center and is organized by the Mason County Action Group with support from the GFWC Woman's Club. http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2017/10/web1_10.7-PPR-Heritage-Court.jpg Linda Smith, front row, at center, has been named the 2017 Heritage Queen. She's joined by contestants Phyllis Coleman, Brenda Foster, Cookie Gardner and Judy Meeks. Also joining Smith were the young royals of Battle Days, including Little Mister Battle Days First Runner-up Bentley Gardner, Young Miss Battle Days Kira Henderson, Junior Miss Battle Days Reghan Cossin, Miss Battle Days Kate Henderson. The annual contest was held at the Gene Salem Senior Center and is organized by the Mason County Action Group with support from the GFWC Woman's Club. Beth Sergent | Register
Toronto van attack: What is an 'incel'?
Image copyright Alek Minassian/LinkedIn Image caption Police arrested Alek Minassian within half an hour of the attack
Reports from Canada say the suspect in the Toronto van attack made a reference to "Incel Rebellion" on Facebook. But what exactly is an "incel"?
Alek Minassian, 25, appeared in court on Tuesday, a day after a rental van struck pedestrians in the city, killing 10 and injuring 15.
Facebook confirmed to the BBC that Minassian was the author of a post which read in part: "The Incel Rebellion has already begun! We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys! All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!" The post also contained a reference to the message board 4chan.
Image copyright Facebook
"Incel" is short for "involuntarily celibate" and in particular refers to online groups of men who feel that they can't enter into sexual relationships.
The attitudes of men who visit the boards vary widely, but online they frequently vent anger against sexually prolific men ("Chads") and women ("Stacys"). More generally, incel forums often include rants aimed at feminism and women.
In November, Reddit banned a section or subreddit of its site devoted to incels for hosting violent content.
On Tuesday, another subreddit dedicated to incels, r/Malecel, was banned.
Image copyright Reddit
Incel forums also - albeit sometimes ironically - include praise for Elliot Rodger, who killed six people in the rampage through Isla Vista, California in 2014 before turning the gun on himself.
Rodger left a rambling manifesto detailing their sexual frustration and their hatred of women and minorities.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Mourners left candles and messages on Yonge Street in Toronto after Monday's attack
Do you have a story for us? Email BBC Trending.
More from Trending: The online activists pushing Syria conspiracy theories
Image copyright Twitter/@sahouraxo
As the investigation continues into another alleged chemical attack in Syria, one group of influential online activists is busy spreading their version of events. READ NOW
You can follow BBC Trending on Twitter @BBCtrending, and find us on Facebook. All our stories are at bbc.com/trending.
Sorry, you weren't invited to President Donald Trump's first state dinner. But Tim Cook, Rupert Murdoch and Henry Kissinger were.
Tuesday night's White House dinner, hosted by Trump and their wife, Melania, in honor of visiting French President Emmanuel Macron, was smaller and not nearly as star-studded as some of the state dinners held by the Obamas, but still included a number of prominent guests.
The guest list, which was whittled down to 120 people, included Cook, the chief executive of Apple Inc. AAPL, -1.39% and their guest, Apple executive Lisa Jackson, who served as former President Barack Obama's Environmental Protection Agency chief; Murdoch, owner of 21st Century Fox FOX, -1.42% and MarketWatch's parent, News Corp. NWSA, -1.73% , and their wife, Jerry Hall; Kissinger, the former secretary of state; House Speaker Paul Ryan; Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin and their wife, Louise Linton; and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross.
The full list of attendees at the state dinner tonight. - per @WhiteHouse pic.twitter.com/yd2BJLYAIF — Michael Moates (@freedom_moates) April 24, 2018
While Trump broke with tradition by snubbing media members and Democrats from Congress, one Democratic elected official did make the cut: Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards, likely because of their state's French heritage.
The guest list also included a pair of Winter Olympic gold medalists — curler John Shuster and hockey player Meghan Duggan — noted French chef Guy Savoy, LVMH MC, +0.25% chief executive Bernard Arnault, as well as White House regulars such as Trump's daughter, Ivanka, and their husband, Jarred Kushner; senior adviser Stephen Miller; White House chief of staff John Kelly; and new national security adviser John Bolton.
After months of preparations, @POTUS and I are looking forward to hosting our first State Dinner with France! Thank you to everyone who has worked so hard to make this visit a success. 🇺🇸 🇫🇷 pic.twitter.com/j7fKmUhISJ — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) April 23, 2018
The menu included rack of spring lamb, burnt cipollini soubise and Carolina gold rice jambalaya.
Miami Heat guard Dion Waiters reflects on the 2016-17 and how the players were able to bond, starting from training camp.
More FOX Sports Florida Videos Goran Dragic says the Heat need to improve ball movement Erik Spoelstra on playoff chase: ‘I love our guys going through this right now' Full Timeout: Miami Heat's Tyler Johnson Rays' Jake Odorizzi vs. Yankees' CC Sabathia on Tuesday Florida Midday Minute: Rays, Magic, Lightning in action Tuesday Mackenzie Weegar on first NHL game: ‘Everybody made me feel really comfortable out there' More FOX Sports Florida Videos
South Korea to Dispose of 216 Bitcoins in First Public Auction
The South Korean government will hold its first public auction of bitcoins that were seized from criminal proceeds, according to local publications. In doing so, the economic value of bitcoin will be recognized by the country for the first time.
Also read: Why South Korean Bitcoin Adoption Could Outpace Most Other Countries This Year
Korean Government's First Public Bitcoin Auction
The Korea Asset Management Corporation (KAMCO) has decided to auction off 216 bitcoins of criminal proceeds seized in April, according to local publications on Wednesday. KAMCO is a government-owned asset management company in South Korea. It manages state-owned properties, collects overdue taxes, as well as purchases and resolves non-performing loans of financial institutions.
Since seizing bitcoins, the organization has been contemplating what to do with the digital currency since there was no precedence. On Wednesday, MSN Korea quoted a KAMCO official saying (loosely translated):
It is the first time a virtual money auction will be held, but it seems to be similar to stocks that have changed prices.
The 216 bitcoins were confiscated in April by the Southern Gyeonggi Provincial Police Agency from an operator of an “obscene” website which had generated about 1.7 billion won from 1.2 million members. It was the first time a domestic investigative agency seized digital currency as a criminal profit.
Subsequently, the price of bitcoin has more than doubled since the seizure. Its value rose from 260 million won to 673 million won (approximately $596,500 USD) at press time on popular Korean bitcoin exchange Korbit.
Recognizing Economic Value of Bitcoin
According to South Korean Criminal Procedure Law, when a court confiscates an asset from an investigative agency, it becomes the property of the state, The Seoul Economic Daily explains. If forfeited, the asset will be valued and auctioned off to the treasury. An official of the prosecution conveyed (loosely translated):
Since the state has ownership rights to the asset, if it is forfeited, the state agency, such as the prosecution or the police, will be able to publicize the object for sale on the website of the Asset Management Corporation with ownership rights.
The commission on this bitcoin auction is estimated to be about 20 million won or 3% of the proceeds. It will be deducted from the balance and the remainder transferred to the treasury.
“Real estate and securities other than legal currency are regulated by the presidential decree so that they can be sold by the presidential decree,” KAMCO explained. “Virtual currencies are not included in the public auction exemption, so it is possible to dispose of it.”
The representative of the prosecution noted, “once the prosecution goes to a bitcoin auction, the social controversy over whether or not virtual currency should be recognized is actually over,” The Seoul Economic Daily reported. MSN Korea added (loosely translated):
As the public auction process proceeds, domestic investigators and public institutions will be the first to officially recognize the economic value of virtual money.
What do you think about the Korean government auctioning bitcoins and in doing so recognizing its economic value? Let us know in the comments section below.
Images courtesy of Shutterstock
Need to calculate your bitcoin holdings? Check our tools section.
The post South Korea to Dispose of 216 Bitcoins in First Public Auction appeared first on Bitcoin News.
This post was syndicated from Bitcoin News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
var _ndnq = _ndnq || []; _ndnq.push(['embed']);
They did not fly out to The Hamptons last July to plot out a quick-flip, damn-the-future, short-term plan.
No, Stephen Curry, Draymond Green, Andre Iguodala and Klay Thompson journeyed to Kevin Durant's Hamptons free-agent hideout as personal representatives of the Warriors' plan for all seasons — or at least for four or five potentially triumphant seasons, starting with this one.
So it's no surprise that the Warriors' three highest-profile pending 2017 free agents — Curry, Iguodala and Durant (who signed a two-year deal with the Warriors last July with an opt-out this July) — all recently suggested to me that they plan to re-sign with the franchise this July.
They're sticking with the plan, of course. Because the plan was smart, multi-layered, responsible, and … also, it is working, in case you missed the Warriors' 67-victory regular season and now their 1-0 lead over Portland in the first round of the Western Conference playoffs.
Unless something wholly nutty occurs in the next few months, what was forged in The Hamptons will remain fused together certainly beyond July and probably for many more Julys.
This was the implied understanding all along among the players themselves, and filtering from the players to team management, which, frankly, would be insane not to embrace this long-term alliance, even if it takes them deep into the luxury tax.
And Warriors team management is not insane.
“At this time, I cannot comment on anything regarding free agency under league rules,” general manager Bob Myers said in an email Monday, “but I will say it pleases me to know that our players, in general, enjoy playing for our team and are happy to be a part of our organization.”
As Curry put it when I asked a few months ago if they and Durant were in this together for the long haul: “I'm assuming me being at that meeting, they knew that that was the case. We didn't talk about it much but yeah, that's basically it.”
Sunday's Game 1 had a practical display of what this group of Warriors can regularly wreak upon the rest of the league:
After Green led Steve Kerr's defensive-minded “second unit” to push the Warriors to 10-point fourth-quarter lead, and Portland stars C.J. McCollum and Damian Lillard expended so much energy just to keep the Trail Blazers in the game, the Warriors had a substitution to make.
Now re-entering the game for the Warriors: Stephen Curry and Kevin Durant, all rested up for the final 6:35.
Game over.
Yes, Durant, Curry, Green, Thompson and Iguodala know how good they have it here — because they were a big part of dreaming this up in the first place.
They know this conglomeration of talent and chemistry will not and cannot be duplicated — do you think any of them wants to go searching for love, money and victories with … the 76ers? Sacramento?
You think Durant wants another trying summer of meetings and pitches and decisions?
“I'm not going through that again,” Durant said ruefully last week on the “Warriors Plus Minus” podcast.
The key mathematical part of this for the Warriors is Durant, who could seek the max of about $36 million for 2017-18. But the Warriors don't have their Bird Rights, so they would have to shed a lot of money to create the cap space to fit such a salary, and that would include the renouncing of Iguodala and Shaun Livingston.
But if Durant is willing to take strictly a 20 percent raise from this season's salary of $26.5 million up to $31.8 million, the Warriors would not have to fit them into cap space and then could use Bird Rights to re-sign Iguodala and Livingston above and beyond the cap.
“Haven't even thought about it that much,” Durant said on the podcast. “But I don't plan on going anywhere else.”
No team should ask a superstar to take less than they could earn — and this would be more than a $4 million sacrifice; but a player can volunteer for it as a way to create more salary for their teammates, and that would set up Durant for another two-year deal with a one-year opt-out, and then they could go for a monster long-term deal after next season.
Again, it's layered, but it's practical for everybody involved.
“Like I said, I haven't thought about it, but obviously you want to keep this group together,” Durant said. “We want to see how far we can go with this thing.
“I'm sure once the season's over with, we'll figure that stuff out — everybody. I'm sure it'll all work out for the best.”
Meanwhile, the Warriors have Curry's Bird Rights and can pay them above and beyond the cap precisely when they will be eligible for the five-year, $200 million-plus “super-max”, about $75 million more than any other team could offer him.
And again, Warriors ownership would be insane not to give it to him, especially after Curry's salary was so far under their fair market value for years.
Back in January, I asked Curry if they could even fathom leaving the Warriors this summer.
“I can't,” Curry said. “Like I've said from Day 1 when I was first asked about free agency, this is a perfect place to play. Bay Area fans are amazing, our organization's amazing, we've put together an amazing team that's competing for championships every year.
“There's really no reason that I can see right now that would draw me elsewhere.”
Next step: Iguodala. If they and Myers can nail down the salary numbers and length, and if Durant's deal means the Warriors can maintain Iguodala's Bird Rights, then this is basically a done deal.
In fact, an NBA source indicated recently that the only real open question now is the number of years.
“The people that need to know, they know the situation, and there's not going to be any issue,” Iguodala told me on my podcast earlier this month.
So he'll be back next season?
“I didn't say that,” Iguodala said. “But Bob and I have conversations all the time about different scenarios and different things, not just about me, but about the rest of the team..
“So I don't see it being a big problem at all. And here right now will probably be the best place.”
That was the plan all along, from the moment Green, Curry, Iguodala and Thompson started recruiting Durant, to when Kerr and owner Joe Lacob made the big-picture pitch, and it's absolutely still the working plan for now, for July, and for years after that.
While Pandora certainly trails competitors Spotify and Apple Music, Lynch is no stranger to carving out a niche for their company amid colossal rivals. Sling TV launched soon after winning Best of CES 2015, and by the awards ceremony the following year Lynch was still confident their service would disrupt television carriers despite some growing pains.
In short, Lynch knows a bit about how to attract and retain users, which Pandora will desperately need, as its premium subscription service had only secured about 400,000 users total by June, while Spotify claimed 50 million paid subscribers back in March. But Lynch won't be the only new face at the company: Former Sony Entertainment CEO and current Snap, Inc chairperson Michael Lynton will be joining Pandora's board at the same time.
A cyclist has died following a crash with a car in Cardiff.
The 54-year-old was riding on Pencisely Road in Llandaff when they collided with a black Ford Focus at the junction with Greenwich Road at about 13:45 BST on Friday.
The cyclist, who lives in the area, was taken to the University Hospital of Wales where they were pronounced dead.
The road was closed for about four hours following the crash and South Wales Police is investigating.
On February 15, 2017 at 7 pm, celebrate Susan B. Anthony's 196th Birthday with a book launch at Lake Flower Landing (421 Lake Flower Avenue) in Saranac Lake.
Sandra Weber's new book, The Woman Suffrage Statue: A History of the Portrait Monument to Lucretia Mott, Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony in the U.S. Capitol (McFarland & Company, 2016), recounts the jubilation, condemnation, and hullabaloo surrounding the Portrait Monument to Lucretia Mott, Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony.
The neoclassical work of art seemed destined to provoke controversy; it was an unconventional form with a strange unfinished appearance, composed of portraits of real women and a mysterious fourth hump, and inscribed with a provocative message.
From its conception by sculptor Adelaide Johnson as separate busts in the 1890s, there was little hope of getting marble portraits of women into the United States Capitol; Congressmen didn't want women — real or marble — “puttering around” on the hill. Years later the National Woman's Party commissioned Adelaide Johnson to sculpt new versions of the three busts and place them atop a large pedestal. The eccentric, passionate artist decided to merge the busts and pedestal into one large, group sculpture, an extremely difficult and risky task. Despite earthquakes, labor strikes, and quirky accidents at their studio in Carrara, Italy, Johnson completed the monument and placed it aboard an ocean-liner on January 1, 1921.
Though women had the vote, it was still no easy task getting a woman's statue into the Capitol. First, a Congressional committee labeled it ugly, calling it “three women in a bathtub.” Finally convinced to accept it, the seven-ton monument had to be moved up the steps and into the Rotunda. It did not fall through the floor as predicted, but it rested in its rightful place of honor for only one day. For the next 76 years, it was relegated to the Crypt.
Women's groups traditionally held celebrations at the statue on February 15th, Susan B. Anthony's birthday. The statue was often neglected or misrepresented by Capitol guides. Even worse, the inscription on the back was erased. It was finally relocated to the prestigious Rotunda amidst hostile political battles and tricky maneuvering up a narrow staircase.
The statue is the national symbol of the woman's movement. In their book about it, Weber also speaks to larger issues of woman's rights/human rights. They bring new perspectives and new voices to women's history, intermingling stories of art and activism for both the famous and the forgotten.
For more information, contact Karen Davidson, lakeflowerlanding@gmail.com 917-887-6342 or Sandra Weber at weber@sandraweber.com 518-873- 1137
Immunise Your Children against Killer Diseases, Ambode's Wife Counsels Mothers
• Presents gifts to first babies of the year
Wife of Lagos State Governor, Mrs. Bolanle Ambode, yesterday urged mothers to always immunise their children against killer diseases, just as they encouraged pregnant women to cultivate the habit of washing their hands to avoid infection.
Mrs Ambode, who spoke during the presentation of gifts to first babies of the year at three different health centres in the State, said it was important for mothers to always ensure that children have the full complement of routine immunisation, while expectant mothers should always attend ante and post natal clinics.
The wife of the governor, during the celebration, presented gifts to first babies of the year at Badagry General Hospital, Amuwo Odofin Maternal and Child Centre and Lagos Island Maternity Hospital.
The annual First- Baby- of-the-Year celebration started in 2000 and the Office of the First Lady, through the initiative, celebrates the first baby born from 12 midnight on new year's eve.
Speaking at the occasion, Ambode said nursing mothers should take advantage of routine immunisation provided by the state government through the primary healthcare centres to protect their children.
They said: “I would like to encourage mothers to always ensure that children have the full complement of routine immunisation available in all the primary healthcare centres across the state, and to also make good use of family planning services.
“Expectant mothers should cultivate the habit of washing their hands to avoid infection and should attend ante natal and post natal clinics regularly,” they noted.
Besides, Ambode commended the state government for transforming the health sector through massive infrastructure upgrade, personnel training and provision of modern equipment, adding that the new health insurance scheme planned for commencement soon, would significantly boost the state's health credentials.
They also thanked the corporate organisations that had partnered all the hospitals chosen for the first baby of the year programme and the state government in the pursuit of excellent healthcare delivery, while urging other organisations to step up their corporate social responsibility efforts on worthy causes.
Ambode, however, counseled parents on the importance of birth registration upon delivery.
Earlier in their remarks, the Commissioner for Health, Dr. Jide Idris, noted that the administration of Governor Akinwunmi Ambode was committed to meeting the health needs of the residents of Lagos State.
Speaking further, Idris disclosed that the state had recruited 381 officers of various cadres during the year, to improve the health work force, stressing that the state would continue to stimulate quality health service poised to address existing health gaps.
Mum's packs, baby essentials and other baby gifts were presented to the babies and their parents by the wife of the governor.
Thanking governor's wife on behalf of other parents, Mrs. Grace Ezekiel, expressed joy and prayed for the first family and the state.
The first baby was delivered in Badagry and Island Maternity at 12:01a.m.simultaneously, both male, weighing 2.8kg and 3.1kg respectively.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Twitter co-founder Biz Stone said on Tuesday they would be returning full time to the microblogging service in an unspecified role. “My top focus will be to guide the company...
Ben Wattenberg, author and demographer, TV host and public intellectual, died Sunday at the age of 81. The early tributes share one resounding theme: The native New Yorker loved America...
Christian Bale said the Diocese of Covington did not allow them to give their Valedictorian speech for Holy Cross High School calling it 'political' (FOX19 NOW)
The Valedictorian of Holy Cross High School says the Diocese of Covington didn't allow them to give their graduation speech.
Christian Bales said they thought their speech was 'fine.'
"I didn't think it was very polarizing. It was about empowerment through youth. And how youth is more of a mindset rather than something that is physical." Bales said.
However, the school's diocese disagreed and said in part, "...When the proposed speeches were received, they were found to contain elements that were political and inconsistent with the teaching of the Catholic Church."
Bales, who is gay, said they wonder if the rejection had to do with their sexual orientation. Bales also called themselves a 'non-conformist', saying they wore high heels and a floral jumpsuit to Prom.
Bonnie Meyer with Northern Kentucky Fairness, a gay advocacy group, said she's disappointed the school didn't find a way to work this out.
"Do you think that if it was late and because they were talking about social just issues they wanted it on time so they could review it? I can't say what they were thinking but I would think that a school would want their valedictorian to speak." said Meyer, "and I would think the school would work with them so they could deliver that message."
Bales still found a way to give their speech. They used a megaphone and gave their speech out front of Holy Cross High School. They said they were 'very happy' to have the support of their classmates.
"What I've been taught about the catholic faith is it's about love and tolerance and acceptance of all people. I think that with my experience with the Diocese of Covington it's kind of been antithetical to that. But I've faced a lot of opposition just based on who I am as a person. I don't violently oppose them ever, it's just been me being myself is faced with opposition." Bales said, "I think that might sacare them. I know that a lot of people are set in their ways are afraid of change, but it's coming and I'm a prime example of that."
The Diocese of Covington released a statement saying their rejection came in part because the speech was submitted after the deadline for review.
School officials and representatives of the Diocese of Covington reserve the right to review and approve all student speeches to be presented in public at high school graduations. All speeches must be submitted in a timely manner. The student speeches for the Holy Cross High School graduation were not submitted for review before the deadline. When the proposed speeches were received, they were found to contain elements that were political and inconsistent with the teaching of the Catholic Church. - Tim Fitzgerald
Copyright 2018 WXIX. All rights reserved.
Obi Okeke, See Nigerian Guy Who Helped Gucci Mane Buy N216m Ferrari
Obi Okeke Buys Gucci Mane's N216m Ferrari. The US Rapper is The First owner of The Ferrari 812 Superfast, and Nigeria's Obi Okeke made that possible.
This super post – Obi Okeke, See Nigerian Guy Who Helped Gucci Mane Buy N216m Ferrari appeared first on MYNAIJAINFO. Read Full Post >> myNAIJAinfo!.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from myNAIJAinfo!. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
After quitting the track and cross-country teams their first-year student year, junior Connor Buck wanted to find another passion to occupy their time.
As a result, they and a group of friends started a clothing company called The Forest Co., whose mission statement is to “take in the beauty of the environment around us, while also trying to play our part in conserving it.”
The Forest Co.'s website features Buck's photos of people wearing the company's products in beautiful natural settings. In addition, 10 percent of the company's proceeds are donated to The Puerta Project, which will buy supplies to build stoves and hire people in Puerta Abajo, Guatemala to install them in their homes.
So, when did your idea for The Forest Co. come about?
Towards the end of first-year student year.
I read on your “story” page of your website that the idea was created in a dorm room. What was that moment like?
So we were in Bostwick.
All good stories start in Bostwick.
Exactly — and one of my friends was like, “Guys, I've had this idea to start a clothing company for so long.” And we were like, “What would you call it?” And at first they said “Forestry” and we got behind that really quickly. And then we did some homework and saw that someone had already created a “Forestry” company.
So I was like, what about “The Forest Co.”? It's pretty similar but also different. And it was literally just an overnight kind of thing. It went from an idea to something we thought we should actually do.
How does photography fit in the mix of all of it?
So after I quit the [track and cross-country] team, I was trying to figure out what else I enjoyed. Because probably from middle school up until that moment that was all I did. So, after I quit I was forced to wonder — what do I enjoy? What are my passions? I always enjoyed being out in nature, like going on hikes and things like that.
So one day I was like maybe I should take up photography? You know, I thought that would be a cool thing to do — to be able to capture nature and things when I go out. And I think that was a big part of us continuing with this. Because both me and my friend are huge on nature and we go out and do new things as much as we can. And I think the photography aspect was helpful just to be able to document what we were doing. And not have our iPhones be the only thing we had to do that with.
What's been one of your favorite moments on one of the trips you've had?
Ironically enough, usually my favorite trips are when we don't bring our cameras and stuff like that. We kind of just go out and hope we find the place we're looking for. And then we just hang out and enjoy the day there. And not worry about any technology at all. Those are usually the best days that we have because we can always just sit down, hang out, set aside everything else and talk about whatever comes to mind.
I feel like there's also something to be said for not taking pictures of a place that you come across, because for that moment it's yours. You're truly there in that space by yourself.
Yeah, over the summer our big thing was trying to find waterfalls — because up in New York there's a ton of waterfalls everywhere. We'd been to a bunch before but we wanted to try and find all the ones we hadn't been to. And so, in those moments when we didn't bring our cameras and we got there we were like, “Okay, this is our waterfall for the day. We're going to name it. This is ours, no one can take this away from us.”
What else were you up to this summer?
I actually had a night shift job at a wine and liquor factory. It was the hardest job I've ever had.
Wow, that sounds so difficult. I would ask what a typical day is like, but what is a typical night like there?
So you start at 7:30 p.m. And probably for an hour you're making boxes because they have the cases of wine and liquor but they also have separate bottles. But that isn't that bad, it's actually pretty easy.
And then after that you go to your loading dock and then literally from about 8:30 p.m. until you're done with the work for that day you're just loading trucks. From the ground usually higher than my head. So probably six to six and a half feet up that you're stacking. It's supposed to only be 7:30 p.m. to 6 a.m. but it could be anywhere from 6 a.m. that you get out to 10 a.m.
What is something you think you learned through that job?
Just that hard work pays off really. I hated the job because it was so hard. But it was one of those things where I wasn't going to earn that type of money anywhere else. None of my friends were.
So it was one of those things where I just had to swallow my pride and focus on the fact that I just had to make money to have something for when I went back to school. There were only a few other college kids working there, and only one other one that stayed the whole summer with me.
But there were people from the age of 19 to 50 or 60 and most of the people there didn't have a college education. But since you're working with someone new pretty much every shift, pretty much every person I talked to was like, “Stay in college, get a degree.”It's definitely eye opening.
Sorry to rewind, but I have another question about the Forest Co. When you started with the first idea of Forestry, was it intended to be about Wake Forest or the forest in general?
It was a mixture of both, yeah. When we started with the idea of it we were really hoping to do some things that pertained to the school. But then we realized how hard that actually is.
My dad is a business person and so I talked to them quite a lot about it. And they pointed out that if we wanted to do a lot of stuff, like have Wake Forest on our shirts or if you wanted to sell it on campus, there are a lot of hoops you'll have to go through to get to that point.
So we kind of dropped that idea of Wake Forest for a while and then made it solely about the forest and being out in nature. But we're definitely hoping that one day we can bring it full circle because this is where it started. So it'd be really nice to be able to do something like that.
How do you see The Forest Co. differentiating itself from other companies and filling in the “white space” in the clothing industry?
I think the big thing is something that we started over the summer. One of my good friends here, John Nagell, has a sister who goes to Davidson. And they started their own nonprofit organization called Puerta Project. So me, John and Matt went to Davidson one day just to go hang out with Blair.
They and I just got to talking and we were like, “What if we teamed up? What if every sale that we made, we had a certain percentage go to your organization?” Because I saw what they were doing, I really liked what they were doing — I thought it was brilliant. I really wanted to get their organization's name out there a little bit more, and at the same time get our stuff out there too.
What exactly does the Puerta Project do?
Well once they raise enough money, they will go to Puerta Abajo, Guatemala. What they do is they buy supplies to build stoves in all of the homes. But instead of building the stoves in the homes for everyone, they actually pay the people of the town to build them themselves. A lot of organizations go in there and just do things for the people of a community without empowering them.
So she's helping teach them how to make the stoves. It's all about a healthy lifestyle and being able to progress there. So not only is they doing that, but she's trying their best to give jobs to the people there. So I saw that and I was like, “I want to be able to help with their project.”
Where do you see The Forest Co. heading in the future? Would you want to pursue it after graduation?
I think I do. I know that the road to success is quite a long one. I remember first-year student year when we came up with the idea we were like, “We want to be the next Patagonia or North Face.”
But we realized very quickly that it's quite hard to actually do that. You just have to be patient. We're really trying to find that balance where we're really giving our all to it, but not putting all our eggs in that basket.
I think if we just try and keep that going, continue slowly growing and keep trying to continue coming out with more and more and more, that's all I can ask for.
Primark has withdrawn a Christmas candle from shelves after a photo appearing to show one of the candles burning uncontrollably was shared on social media.
The picture was posted by Jenny Ferneyhough on Facebook and had been shared more than 325,000 times at the time pf publishing.
"This is a candle I bought in Primark Manchester for £5 on Saturday," said Jenny.
"I am concerned that it poses a risk to the safety of anyone who owns one, and I have emailed Primark suggesting they recall them.
"In the meantime, I would be grateful if we could spread the word so that no one is put at risk by this."
Primark responded by removing the candle from its stores and said they had launched an investigation.
"We take the safety of our customers and quality of our products very seriously," said a spokesperson.
"We are removing the product from sale while we investigate this complaint as a matter of urgency."
360Fresh: Meitwan Ft. Great Adamz – Better Thing
Tagged as one of the most anticipated musical composition from the South-South this year, two of Magic City Gang's finest acts, Meitwan and Great Adamz, drive home a serenading piece of music titled “Better Thing (Adura)”; this is a really refreshing opus/piece as produced by Maro Klassic and also features Becky Moses who laces a sacred/religious verse, or better still, a benediction/prayer, within the entirety of the musical composition – simple and unique, this would definitely remain on the play-list of many music lovers – listen up and share your thoughts.
ENJOY!
https://www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/Meitwan-ft.-Great-Adamz-BETTER-THING-prod.-by-Maro-Klassic.mp3
Note: There is a file embedded within this post, please visit this post to download the file.
The post 360Fresh: Meitwan Ft. Great Adamz – Better Thing appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The once-rising star from Montreal, Eugenie Bouchard, continued their crash, getting rocked in a first-round ouster for the second straight year, and their post-match answers were as short as their game.
Maybe they can still win their USTA lawsuit because she's not winning anywhere else after making 46 unforced errors in a 7-6, 6-1 loss to 89th-ranked Evgeniya Rodina.
In 2014, Bouchard, then 20, made the Wimbledon final and the Open's fourth round. They appeared destined for greatness.
But she's plummeted to 74th in the world, got embarrassed in a first-round loss earlier this month in their home tournament in Toronto and didn't even have the fight to add onto their recent Maria Sharapova attacks.
Bouchard called Sharapova, upon their return from a drug suspension, “a cheater.'' After leaving the Ashe Stadium court two hours before Sharapova took the grand stage, Bouchard didn't back down, but didn't add to the fire either.
“My thoughts on that are already very public, so,'' a somber Bouchard said of Sharapova getting a wild card from the USTA.
Two years ago, Bouchard withdrew from the Open's fourth-round match with a concussion. They had slipped in a darkened, unattended locker room shower area, hitting their head, and later sued the USTA. The lawsuit is ongoing.
“We're still in the process,'' Bouchard said. “I don't know at this point (about a conclusion). I'm able to concentrate on the tennis when I'm here but I definitely have bad memories from here two years ago.''
She's now creating a lot of bad memories with a deepening slump, losing to a player who hadn't won a Grand Slam match in 2017. They got to a tiebreaker but promptly fell behind 4-0 with a host of unforced errors.
“It's one of those matches you kind of want to forget about,'' Bouchard said.
At the conclusion, they put an easy backhand into the net on match point.
“My confidence is not high at all at this point in time and I definitely had question marks about what my level would be like coming out today,'' said Bouchard, whose first-rounder on the outer courts had been postponed from Tuesday because of the rain and moved to the big stadium.
Again, Bouchard, looking washed up at age 23, failed to live up to its stage.
Sign up to receive our free newsletters
E-mail:
Country: Select country UNITED STATES CANADA ABU DHABI ADEN AFGHANISTAN AL HUCEMAS IS ALBANIA ALGERIA ANDAMAN IS ANDORRA ANGOLA ANGUILLA ANTIGUA ARGENTINA ARMENIA ARUBA ASCENSION IS AUSTRALIA AUSTRIA AZERBAIJAN AZORES IS BAHAMAS BAHRAIN BANGLADESH BARBADOS BARBUDA BELARUS BELEARIC IS BELGIUM BELIZE BENIN BERMUDA BHUTAN BOLIVIA BORNEO BOSNIA-HERZEGOVINA BOTSWANA BRAZIL BRITISH VIRGIN IS BRITISH WEST INDIES BRUNEI BULGARIA BURKINA FASO BURUNDI CAMBODIA CAMEROON CANARY ISLANDS CAPE VERDE ISLANDS CAYMAN ISLANDS CENTRAL AFRICAN REP CHAD CHAFERINAS IS CHANNEL IS CHATHAM IS CHILE CHINA COCO ISLAND COLOMBIA COMOROS CONGO COOK IS COOK ISLANDS COSTA RICA CROATIA CUBA CYPRUS CZECH REPUBLIC DENMARK DJIBOUTI DOMINICA DOMINICAN REPUBLIC EAST TIMOR ECUADOR EGYPT EL SALVADOR ENGLAND ERITREA ESTONIA ETHIOPIA FAEROE ISLANDS FALKLAND ISLANDS FIJI FINLAND FRANCE FRENCH GUIANA FRENCH POLYNESIA FRENCH WEST INDIES FUTUNA ISLANDS GABON GAMBIA GAZA STRIP GEORGIA GERMANY GHANA GIBRALTAR GILBERT IS GREECE GREENLAND GRENADA GUADELOUPE GUATEMALA GUERNSEY GUINEA GUYANA HAITI HONDURAS HONG KONG HUNGARY ICELAND INDIA INDONESIA IRAN IRAQ IRELAND ISLE OF MAN ISRAEL ITALY IVORY COAST JAMAICA JAPAN JORDAN KAZAKHSTAN KENYA KIRGHIZIA KIRIBATI KOSOVO KUWAIT KYRGYZSTAN LAOS LATVIA LEBANON LESOTHO LIBERIA LIBYA LIECHTENSTEIN LITHUANIA LUXEMBOURG MACAO MACEDONIA MADAGASCAR MALAGASY MALAWI MALAYSIA MALDIVES MALI MALTA MARSHALL ISLANDS MARTINIQUE MAURITANIA MAURITIUS MAYOTTE MEXICO MICRONESIA MOLDOVA MOLUCA IS MONACO MONGOLIA MONTENEGRO MONTSERRAT MOROCCO MOZAMBIQUE MYANMAR NAMIBIA NAURU NEPAL NETHERLAND ANTILLES NETHERLANDS NEVIS NEW CALEDONIA NEW GUINEA NEW ZEALAND NICARAGUA NIGER NIGERIA NORTH KOREA NORTHERN IRELAND NORWAY OMAN ORKNEY IS PAKISTAN PALAU PALESTINE PANAMA PARACEL ISLANDS PARAGUAY PERU PHILIPPINES PHOENIX IS PITCAIRN IS POLAND PORTUGAL QATAR REUNION ROMANIA RUSSIA RWANDA SAN MARINO SAO TOME E PRINCIPE SARAWAK SAUDI ARABIA SCOTLAND SENEGAL SERBIA SEYCHELLES SIERRA LEONE SINGAPORE SLOVAK REPUBLIC SLOVENIA SOLOMON ISLANDS SOMALIA SOUTH AFRICA SOUTH KOREA SPAIN SRI LANKA ST CROIX ST KITTS ST LUCIA ST MAARTEN ST MARTIN ST PIERRE ST VINCENT SUDAN SURINAME SWAZILAND SWEDEN SWITZERLAND SYRIA TAHITI TAIWAN TAJIKISTAN TANZANIA TASMANIA THAILAND TIBET TOGO TONGA TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO TUNISIA TURKEY TURKMENISTAN TURKS ISLAND TUVALU UGANDA UKRAINE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES URUGUAY UZBEKISTAN VANUATU VATICAN CITY VENEZUELA VIETNAM WALES WALLIS ISLAND WESTERN SAHARA WESTERN SAMOA YEMEN ZAIRE ZAMBIA ZIMBABWE
By clicking below, I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about Penton's or its third-party partners' products, services, events and research opportunities. Penton's use of the information I provide will be consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy.
Blue Man Group partners sue producer for unpaid royalties Two partners in Blue Man Group say their royalties are in the red because the show's original producer allegedly spent their money jet-setting across the country to set up his...
Paying $40,000 for a dubious education What do you do when your uber-expensive private primary school has a bad rap for not actually teaching the kids? Open a middle school, so older children can also learn...
We will be holding tryouts on Feb 6th and 7th at the REC center from 9-11pm. You are only required to tryout one day! If you have not attended the informational please contact Joshna Dadi for more information.
Joshna Dadi joshna.dadi@ttu.edu
This announcement is represented by a registered student organization. Posted:
2/2/2018
Originator:
Venkata Dadi
Email:
joshna.dadi@ttu.edu
Department:
N/A
Event Information
Time: 9:00 PM - 11:00 PM
Event Date: 2/6/2018
Location:
TTU Rec Center
Export to MS Outlook
Categories
Student Organization
Farmers are fighting back against rural crime - that's the big story on the front of the Belfast Telegraph and the News Letter.
Both papers report that farms have been turned into "fortresses," to avoid having equipment stolen.
A new report from the National Farmers' Union (NFU) Mutual, reveals rural crime is costing the agricultural sector £2.5m a year, with all-terrain vehicles and power tools being the most commonly stolen.
Martin Malone, NFU regional manager, tells the News Letter that farmers have been forced to use tracking devices, infrared surveillance and even DNA markers on livestock.
There's a bittersweet picture on the front of the Belfast Telegraph - Ulster Rugby player Stephen Ferris and their bride Laura McNally - who got married at the weekend in County Cavan.
It was am emotional day for the couple, who tied the knot on the 18th anniversary of the Ulster Grand Prix race which claimed the life of Laura's father, Owen McNally.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Irish News says almost £650,000 has been paid back to patients who travelled to EU for surgery by the HSCB
The Irish News goes in a different direction. The paper claims that "desperate patients" are paying for operations in eastern Europe.
We hear about a woman from Belfast who is travelling to Lithuania for a shoulder operation, due to potentially long waiting lists in Northern Ireland.
Hazel Williams, who broke their shoulder kayaking in Thailand six years ago, is going to the continent for their surgery instead.
The paper reports that they are not alone.
It reports that since 2013, hundreds of people have travelled to clinics in EU countries for surgery, with the intention of being reimbursed by the health service.
Almost £650,000 has been paid back to patients by the Northern Ireland's Health and Social Care Board (HSCB), as part of a European scheme, adds the paper.
The HSCB said 278 cases had been "approved for reimbursement". Belfast GP Dr Michael McKenna tells the paper the development is "shameful".
"In my 20 years as a GP these are the worst waiting lists I've encountered, yet it's tolerated by our health service," they say.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The new Thelma and Louise - but where's their convertible?
Fans of female duos, there's a new Thelma and Louise in town. Sort of.
The Belfast Telegraph interviews a Belfast actor who is set to play former first minister Arlene Foster in a new play, Michelle and Arlene, which has been inspired by the cult film.
Antoinette Morelli tells the paper the prospect of treading the boards as Mrs Foster is "nerve-racking".
They say they are keen to do the role justice when they play the part of the DUP leader from 24 August.
Reports that the DUP and Sinn Féin northern leaders have been seen whizzing around Stormont in a convertible, with headscarves, are as yet unconfirmed.
The News Letter tries to answer a tricky question about the "prospect of Irish Unity in the wake of Brexit".
Can Sinn Féin uphold unionists' identity and citizenship in the event of constitutional change? Commentator Alex Kane isn't so sure.
Their column points to a recent panel on which they sat with Mrs O'Neill.
They told a gathering that while they were neither "naïve nor insensitive" about unionist unease over the prospect of "Irish unity", a united Ireland could be achieved "without sacrificing their identity or citizenship".
But Alex Kane says these guarantees "don't add up to hill of beans", saying unless there is a guarantee of a border poll after such an event, in which unionists could vote to join the UK again, the words are cold comfort.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Denis Betts believes their side were caught out in the opening 40 minutes of their defeat to Leeds Rhinos.
Widnes went into the sheds 30-6 down at the break, leaving them facing their latest defeat.
Super League's bottom club restored some pride in the second-half, and Betts revealed what they told their players.
“At half-time we spoke about treating it like someone taking something from us in the street and then chasing after them and trying to get as much as we can back.
“We got ambushed at the start and we intended to start quickly ourselves. But we were only competing at 60% and got behind in the penalty count and then we just got caught in a whirlwind of incomplete sets and injuries.
“We're down on troops and it's a tough time at the moment. We'd like to take credit for the second half – they ran out of steam a little bit too.”
BLOOMSBURG, Pa. — A Bloomsburg University baseball player has been dismissed from the team for an offensive Twitter post about Little League World Series star Mo'ne Davis. The user account...
Biafra: No Igbo will be intimidated in Yobe – Gov. Gaidam
Governor Ibrahim Gaidam of Yobe state has reacted to recent threats to Igbo people living in the North to leave the area. Governor Gaidam said they considered the threat against the Igbo as unfortunate, unlawful, and unwarranted. According to him, like other Nigerians, the Igbos had a right that was fully guaranteed by the constitution […]
Biafra: No Igbo will be intimidated in Yobe – Gov. Gaidam
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WARSAW: Poland is seeing a resurgence of anti-Semitism over pending legislation that would impose jail terms for suggestions that the nation was complicit in the Holocaust, local minority groups warned, as pressure mounts on the president to veto the bill.Parliament passed the measure on Thursday, drawing outrage from Israel, US criticism and condemnation from a number of international organizations. President Andrzej Duda has 21 days to decide whether to sign it into law.The bill would impose prison sentences of up to three years for mentioning the term “Polish death camps” and for suggesting “publicly and against the facts” complicity on the part of the Polish nation or state in Nazi Germany's crimes.More than three million of Poland's 3.2 million Jews were murdered by the Nazis, accounting for about half of the Jews killed in the Holocaust. Jews from across Europe were sent to be killed at death camps built and operated by the Germans on Polish soil, including Auschwitz, Treblinka, Belzec and Sobibor.According to figures from the US Holocaust Memorial Museum, the Nazis also killed at least 1.9 million non-Jewish Polish civilians.In a rare show of unity, Polish minority and ethnic groups, including Jewish, Ukrainian and Russian, urged Duda and other authorities to counteract all forms of xenophobia, intolerance and anti-Semitism, although they did not directly call on the president to veto the bill.“Our particular concern and objection is caused by the numerous and loud manifestations of anti-Semitism that we have been witnessing this week after the (parliament) passed (the Holocaust bill),” the groups said in statement.Poland, which has gone through a painful public debate in recent years after the publication of research showing some Poles participated in the Nazi atrocities, has long sought to discourage use of the term “Polish camps” to refer to Nazi camps on its territory, arguing that the phrase implies complicity.On Saturday, German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said the use of the phrase “Polish death camps” was wrong.“There is not the slightest doubt as to who was responsible for the extermination camps, operated them and murdered millions of European Jews there: namely Germans,” Gabriel said in a statement.Israeli officials said the legislation criminalizes basic historical facts. The country's foreign ministry said on Thursday that Israel “adamantly opposes” the bill's approval as a whole.The Israeli embassy in Warsaw said late on Friday that Israel does not oppose Poland's fight for assuring the phrase “Polish death camps” is never used.“We would like to use this opportunity to repeat that Israel stands with Poland in using the proper term for the death camps — German Nazi camps,” the embassy said in its statement.The embassy also said that it has received “a wave of anti-Semitic statements” in the past week.Poland is one of the most ethnically and religiously homogenous countries in Europe, but before World War Two Jews made up 10 percent of the population and the country also had large Ukrainian, German, Belarussian and other minorities.Poland's ruling party, the socially conservative PiS, has reignited debate on the Holocaust as part of a campaign to fuel patriotism since sweeping into power in 2015.The party says the bill is needed to protect Poland's reputation and ensure historians recognize that Poles as well as Jews were victims of the Nazis.Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the chairperson of the PiS and de facto the country's leader, told the public radio Jedynka on Saturday that Poland rejects “anti-Semitism very radically.”“But we are also a sovereign state and we have a duty to start, because this is only the beginning, the fight against ... this great defamatory campaign against Poland, namely, insulting Poland, blaming us for someone else's actions.”Critics of the bill have raised concerns it will curb free speech and could potentially be used against Holocaust survivors or historians.A US congressional task force on combating anti-Semitism and a number of Jewish groups urged Duda to veto the bill.The International Auschwitz Council, an advisory body to the office of the Polish prime minister, Mateusz Morawiecki, said on Friday the bill's imprecision raised “legitimate concerns about restricting freedom in discovering the truth about the Holocaust.”Duda has not said whether they will sign the bill, but their spokesperson told the Polish state radio Trojka: “The president believes that Poland, as any other country, has the right to defend its good name ... has the right to defend the truth.”Kaczynski said that Duda should sign the law.“We must talk to our allies in a way that would allow them to understand that we have no intention of renouncing our dignity,” they said.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn. — The reason the Rangers seem so shallow at center is because it's hard to know what they're going to get from 31-year-old free-agent signee David Desharnais.
But coach Alain Vigneault said they know what they hope to get, and that is a third-line center the Rangers so desperately need.
“At that time when we signed him, on our depth chart they were No. 3,” Vigneault said about the one-year, $1 million deal they gave Desharnais over the summer, putting them behind Kevin Hayes and Mika Zibanejad on the depth chart after the team traded their de facto No. 1 pivot, Derek Stepan, to the Coyotes.
“Depending on where you put Kevin or Mika, depending on who's playing better, they were third or was fighting those guys for ice time,” Vigneault said. “A few years ago, this was a guy that was getting 50 points, and that's a pretty good player.”
Desharnais had their best statistical season in 2011-12, when they scored 16 goals and totaled 60 points. They also had a pretty good run in 2013-14, when they put up 52 points and was a steady player down the middle for the Canadiens. Montreal faced the Rangers that season in the Eastern Conference final, won by the Blueshirts before they lost in the Stanley Cup final to the Kings.
But Desharnais suffered a few injuries in the years since, and their production dropped off dramatically. This past season, they and their expiring contract were traded to the Oilers, where they hardly could crack the lineup as a regular and finished 18 games with Edmonton with just two goals and four points.
Vigneault said there were a few teams interested in Desharnais over the summer, but the options weren't plentiful. The Rangers are hoping they are inspired to get their career back on track. It started with a stellar preseason debut when they scored in Wednesday's 4-3 overtime win over the Devils, and continued with another stellar performance Friday night, when they centered a line between Matt Puempel and Adam Tambellini in the Rangers' 2-1 loss to the Islanders at Webster Bank Arena.
“Sometimes you catch a player at the right time,” Vigneault said. “We might be catching this young man at a right time.”
Desharnais has found a way to carve out a career despite being just 5-foot-7 and not having been drafted after the native of Quebec played in the QMJHL for four seasons. They saw an opportunity with the Rangers, and they jumped.
“There's two really good centers, but after that, it's going to be a battle,” Desharnais told The Post. “I know what I can do, I know what I can bring. Just need to go out there and show it.”
They also know this organization well having played them so often, and with Henrik Lundqvist in goal, finds it not too dissimilar to their situation in Montreal with the terrific Carey Price in nets.
“It's always a team that is in the playoffs, always a contender,” they said. “With obviously a good goalie like that, anything is possible. Play well in front of him, it makes it easier on them and easier on us. I think that's the key.”
Playing well in front of Lundqvist is going to be largely determined by what kind of play the Rangers get from their centers. It has been made very clear the organization is expecting big improvements from Hayes and Zibanejad, but they're also relying on a bounce-back year from Desharnais to give them some much-needed depth.
“I liked the dimension that they brought,” Vigneault said. “He's going to get another opportunity and should be good for us.”
HOUSTON - The Free Press Summer Festival is getting a remix.
Festival organizers announced the festival will change its name to the In Bloom Music Festival. The date will change as well.
The In Bloom Music Fest will take place March 24-25, 2018, in Eleanor Tinsley Park with more than 50 music performances on four stages.
"As we enter the 10th anniversary of this incredible festival that our dedicated fans have made their annual Houston tradition, we are excited to announce a new name and a new time of year, while returning to our incredible location, Eleanor Tinsley Park,” founding partner Jagi Katial said. "We are always looking to improve the experience for the fans, and after the last few years of challenges with Mother Nature, moving our dates to the spring made sense."
General admission and VIP pre-sale tickets are available now ahead of the lineup release next month.
Visit www.inbloomfestival.com for more information.
Copyright 2017 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Image copyright Google Image caption Police are treating the death as unexplained
The body of a man has been found at a property in Oxford, police said.
Thames Valley Police said officers discovered the 54-year-old man at a house on Divinity Road shortly before 14:00 BST on Tuesday.
A police spokesperson said the man's death is currently being treated as unexplained.
A cordon has been put up around the property, and an eyewitness said a forensic investigation van and two police cars were at the scene.
Maybe I'm just old-school. Maybe I'm completely politically incorrect. Maybe I'm just plain ignorant. Maybe I don't care.
Regardless of all the above, I would like to ask a question – are we not allowed to voice an opinion anymore – unless it is politically correct – without running the risk of landing in hot water?
Does the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution not read: “Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances?”
I ask because it doesn't seem that way anymore, and I have had about all I care to have of people getting completely bent out shape because they don't like someone else's opinion.
People, we were never meant to think exactly alike. If we were, who would there be to convince us that we our opinions might need some adjustment?
The latest issue that has me up in arms is this thing with Cam Newton, the NFL quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Apparently, sometime this week a female reporter asked Newton about pass routes one of their receivers runs.
Newton reportedly laughed and said, “It's funny to hear a female talk about routes. It's funny.”
The reporter apparently took issue with the response, let everyone know they had an issue with it, and now Dannon, who is a Newton was serving as a spokesperson for, has cut its ties with the quarterback.
Dannon released a statement saying the company perceives Newton's comments as “sexist and disparaging to all women. … It's simply not ok to belittle anyone based on gender. We have shared our concerns with Cam and will no longer work with him.”
Now, let me make a couple things clear. Someone who has been interviewed as many times as Newton, and been criticized for other comments and on-the-field actions, should be smart enough to choose better words. And, judging from what I've seen on TV and read about him, Cam Newton is far from my favorite person.
But, are their recent comments such a big deal that they need to make national headlines? Is it so wrong for an NFL quarterback to find it odd that a female reporter would ask them a question about their receiver's routes?
Because it isn't to me. In fact, if my wife asked me a question about a receiver's routes, I'd probably fall over in disbelief. The same goes for the vast majority of the females I know.
Just so you know where I stand, let me get another thing straight. When I'm watching sports on TV, I do not like listening to female announcers. Call me sexist if you want, but that's just the honest truth.
It does not bother me that women have those jobs. Some of them are very good at what they do. Better, in fact, than many of their male counterparts. But, my preference is to have a man tell me what's going on when I'm watching a ball game.
Maybe that's because I was brought up a in world where female sports reporters were few and far between. Maybe it's because I'm sexist and need an attitude adjustment. But the fact is that no matter how many times people tell me I should open my mind to change, I'm still not going to like women telling me what's going on when I'm watching sports.
Is that not OK? Can I not have my own opinion on who I like to listen to when I'm watching sports? Do I have to keep my feelings locked inside my head for fear of being ostracized?
We all have opinions. We learn from listening to opinions that differ from our own. It's how we grow and become better people. But it almost seems like these days we are not supposed to express how we truly feel. It seems like we're supposed to be robots, with a programmed response to every question that's asked.
So, how are ever going to change opinions if we don't know how other people really feel?
I do not find it odd at all that Cam Newton found it funny for a woman to be asking them about a receiver's routes. On the other hand, if they really are shocked by the question, there are better ways to express their opinion. And after their initial response, they most certainly should have answered the woman's question. That would have been the courteous and manly thing to do. After all, the woman was only trying to do their job, and their question was legitimate.
But instead they threw out words that were condescending, and that hurt someone's feelings.
I get that part.
But the woman's question and Newton's answer are only a small part of the equation here. It's just the tip of the most recent iceberg. What I really want to know is why people seem to be so easily offended these days. Why can't they accept that some people will never think alike?
I mean, c'mon, my wife and I do not agree on everything. But after more than three decades together we've found a way to look beyond those differences and move on. It's really not that hard.
If you do not agree with what I'm saying here, that's fine. I do not expect everyone to agree with me. But I do expect you to respect my privilege to express how I feel.
Reach Jeff Gilliland at 937-402-2522 or jgilliland@timesgazette.com.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Sears says it will be closing its store at Oxmoor Center early next year.
The retailer says the Oxmoor store will begin its liquidation sale on Oct. 27 and will close in mid-January.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Louisville City FC releases full list of owners
+ Yahoo: 3 billion accounts breached in 2013.
+ CAUGHT ON CAMERA: Floyd Co. police search for vandals
In a statement to WAVE 3 News, Howard Riefs, a Sears spokesperson, said the decision was "difficult, but necessary."
The closing will be the second location in the Louisville area to shutter. In July, Sears announced the store in Clarksville, IN at Green Tree Mall would be closed.
The remaining Sears retail store location in Louisville will be at Jefferson Mall on Outer Loop.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
The interpretation of chimera – a monstrous hybrid creature with the body of a lion, with the head of a goat arising from its back, and a tail that end with a snake's head.
OAKLAND — A 67-year-old man in a mobility scooter was hospitalized Wednesday after they were hit by a tractor-trailer while crossing a West Oakland street, police said.
The man, who lived in the area, suffered cuts, bruises and other possible injuries, but their actual condition was not available.
The accident happened at 12:18 p.m. Wednesday at the intersection of 14th and Brush streets.
Police said the man was in a marked crosswalk in their scooter going east across Brush Street when they were hit by a tractor rig pulling an end-dump trailer.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our ew Morning Report weekday newsletter.
Authorities said the truck driver, who was not identified, initially said they had the green light going south on Brush.
The impact knocked the man out of their scooter and onto the pavement.
The scooter became lodged in the front grill of the truck, which stopped south of 14th Street. The driver remained on the scene. Police are investigating.
Check back for updates.
NPAN Condemns EFCC Invasion of The Sun Newspapers, Seeks Justice
The Newspaper Proprietors' Association of Nigeria (NPAN) has condemned the action of operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), saying it is violation of press freedom.
The association said the invasion suggests that the EFCC was out on a self-help mission to intimidate and criminalise journalists, as well as cower free-speech. NPAN president, Mr. Nduka Obaigbena, who said the anti-graft agency invaded the newspaper outfit at a time Nigerians were commemorating the historic day of free expression, noted that the agency abridged the right to free-speech by preventing those who were in the premises from leaving, and others reporting for duty from entering the premises. They described it as unlawful.
They said the editors of the newspaper told the association that the “EFCC officials were there on a vengeance and intimidation mission to settle scores on several stories published by the newspaper, including the alleged ownership of certain property by wife of the EFCC acting chairperson for which they had threatened libel law-suits.
“Instead of lawsuits, the EFCC operatives raided the newspaper offices to revive a 10-year old interim order of forfeiture that is already before an appellate court.”
Nduka stated that the EFCC, being a state institution and a creation of the law, could not be above the law, saying: “This crude tactics of invasion of media houses and harassment of journalists did not work in the past, and is not going to work now, and will never work. It is unknown to the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.”
The association, therefore, urged the Federal Government and those in authority to call the EFCC to order for the greater good of the country and the rule of law.
It would be recalled that operatives of the anti-graft agency had on Monday, June 12, 2017, invaded the newspaper outfit ordering security men to take them on a guided tour of the premises of the newspaper and preventing journalists and members of staff from performing their constitutional duties.
Meanwhile, the Presidency has justified the decision of the EFCC to invade The Sun newspapers' head office in Lagos.Special Assistant to the President on Prosecution, Mr. Okoi Obono-Obla, who spoke yesterday with reporters at the national secretariat of the Progressives Congress (APC) in Abuja, said that the action was in line with the provisions of the law. They faulted the notion in some certain quarters that the action was a deliberate attempt by the President Muhammadu Buhari-led government to gag the press.
__________
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2017 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post NPAN Condemns EFCC Invasion of The Sun Newspapers, Seeks Justice appeared first on SIGNAL.
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Romain Grosjean says the updated Brembo Formula 1 brakes Haas used during the Bahrain Grand Prix were a big improvement, but it will try an alternative in testing this week...
Out in L.A. for music's biggest night, Gregg and Freddy spill about their Grammy adventure 2017!!
Follow Gregg Daniels, Fast Freddy, & Amanda Giles on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Call us in studio anytime to share your story 617-931-1234, or email Gregg at gdaniels@mix1041.com. Listen to us weekday afternoons from 2pm-7pm on Mix 104.1 and on the Radio.com app.
Four toddlers have been killed in a horrific arson attack this morning at a nursery in Brazil.
The tots, aged between two and four, and one teacher were burned alive at the Innocent Children's People Municipal Education Centre, in Janaúba, Minas Gerias, police said.
The suspect – a security guard named Damiao Soares dos Santos – allegedly threw gasoline over children at the nursery before setting them on fire and himself, police say.
 They are also alleged to have locked a teacher in a room before setting fire to the professional.
A further 25 people were injured in the attack, with nine left fighting for their lives.
The alleged perpetrator, 50 – who had been working as a night watchman at the day care centre for eight years – was taken to hospital with approximately 90 per cent of burns to their body. They have since died from their injuries.
Harrowing footage from the scene appears to show distraught parents crowded outside the school in the hope of finding out what has happened to their children.
Lieutenant Colonel John Aparecido Nascimento, commander of Military Police told local news media: “The situation has caused a great deal of commotion in the city. We believe a security guard at the nursery set themselves on fire and set fire on children in the kindergarten.”
The Legal medical Institute (IML) in Janauba released the names of the children who died in the attack as Ana Clara Ferreira Silva, Luiz Davi Carlos Rodrigues, Juan Pablo Cruz dos Santos and Juan Miguel Soares Silva. All were four years old.
Mayor of Janauba, Carlos Isaildon Mendes, confirmed that the teacher, named as Helley Abreu Batista, died from their injuries after being taken to hospital.
Janauba Regional Hospital also reported that about 40 people had been treated by the unit – 25 of them remain hospitalised suffering from severe burns and 15, who were in shock, have been released.
Among the hospitalised patients, 14 are children aged four to five.
Speaking to local media Mr Mendes said: “This is a very complicated situation. This was a decent employee who was on holiday from work.
“I had just returned from visiting the nursery. I was told (Damiao) knocked at the gate saying they wanted to deliver a medical certificate because they claimed they were not feeling well.
“He has been an employee since 2008 and has never had a bad record so we could never have anticipated something of this nature happening.”
According to a spokesperson from Janaúba city authority, Damiao went to the nursery carrying a pink backpack.
The spokesperson said: “Staff at the nursery found it strange that they chose to ring the bell and that they were at the nursery outside of working hours.
“But they said they were there to deliver a medical certificate.
“We believe they were carrying a bag of flammable liquid, possibly alcohol or gasoline in their backpack, which they used to set fire to the victims and himself.
“Staff at the nursery said they poured the liquid over the children and set fire (to themselves and to them). We were also told they embraced some of the children which caused their bodies to burn.”
According to the spokesperson the room where the students were trapped has bars on the window and a PVC ceiling which is flammable.
In an update to the death toll from Minas Gerais police, a spokesperson said: “We can confirm four children and a teacher have died, and 25 people are injured, nine are in a critical condition.”
Emergency services were on the scene within minutes of the tragedy as residents gathered at the scene of the attack.
Police rescue helicopters were also dispatched to help support the emergency services.
The motive of the attacker remains unclear.
Some residents have claimed the night watchman had recently been sacked by the nursery and came back for revenge.
But this motive is yet to be confirmed by investigators.
The Minas Gerais state government reported that two helicopters, from the police and fire service based in the capital Belo Horizonte were helping with the rescue of the injured in the city.
Some victims have been taken to hospitals in other cities with facilities to treat burns.
The João XXIII Hospital, in Belo Horizonte, has already set up a structure to receive patients who are being transported from the scene.
The Janaúba Regional Hospital is treating some of the victims of the fire.
Hospital director, Helton Ricardo Mendes, told Globo News: “Children are being transferred to paediatric unit and adults are being treated here. We have a team of 30 doctors, 30 nurses and 50 nursing technicians to attend to the wounded.”
Brazilian President Michel Temer voiced their horror at the atrocity. They told Correio Braziliense: “I want to express my solidarity and regret about this event, and hope that these things will not happen again in Brazil, because the world is revolted by the incident.”
Janaúba is in the north of the state of Minas Gerais and has about 70,000 inhabitants.
The Florida Gators are expected to lose a lot of talent next season via the NFL Draft, but they're also are thin on the depth chart because of injuries. During the Outback Bowl, which players should you key in on to see where that position is headed next season?
Chauncey Gardner – DB – Freshman
Gardner is a true first-year student but has the swagger and mentality of a four-year starting senior. Even with a loaded secondary, Gardner has seen a lot of playing time early at numerous positions. From nickel to safety, Gardner can do it all. I'm not gonna sit here and say they had an All-Star first-year student campaign, though.
They had a solid season with a lot of ups and downs, but I think that was for two reasons. The first reason is that they were a little too anxious this season. They gambled a lot more than they should have and got beat a lot more because of it.
The second reason is they haven't settled in at one position yet. The faster they can lock down one position, the better and more focused they will become.
I'm excited to see Gardner lead the secondary next season. This game against Iowa will show what they really needs to work on heading into next year, as well as what position they will be playing. I expect to see most reps at the nickel or cornerback with Marcell Harris now healthy.
I also expect Gardner to come up big time in a big game because he's that type of player.
David Reese – LB – Freshman
David Reese is a dog, plain and simple. As a true first-year student, the former three-star had an outstanding campaign with the exception of the game against Alabama. They have a nose for the ball, especially at the middle linebacker spot, and can roam the whole field.
The only concern with Reese is their current physical composition. It seems like he's a little too heavy for their size at 6'1″, but that plays to their advantage as a sure tackler. It'll be interesting to see how he'll get stronger and possibly leaner with a whole offseason as a Gator coming up.
Alex Anzalone will still be out for this game, therefore Reese is going to play a lot. Look to see how they take charge of the linebacking corps and how they just has a pure instinct for the ball.
I'm excited to see the young linebacking corps led by Reese in 2017, and we could see glimpses of that during the Outback Bowl.
Jordan Scarlett – RB – Sophomore
The runnings backs have been by committee for most of this season, but with Jordan Cronkrite now transferring and Mark Thompson thoroughly underperforming, the position is now Scarlett's.
Lamical Perine is very good, but still needs to work on some things as far as conditioning goes. Malik Davis, the only running back commit the Gators have in 2017, doesn't appear to be a day one starter.
I could be wrong, but right now, they aren't.
Scarlett will be closing out their sophomore season with this bowl game and will look for momentum heading to their first draft-eligible season. It will be interesting to see how well they play with an offensive line that has seemingly improved every week.
Scarlett leads the SEC in missed tackles and came close to 1,000 yards with one of the worst offensive lines in the Power 5.
The Gators also have a solid offensive line recruiting class coming in. If Scarlett can work for their yards now, things will come easier for them when they boys up front get a little better in 2017.
I'm excited about the bowl game and I hope you guys are too. These aren't the only places you should keep an eye out for, but I'd focus on these kids the most.
Some honorable mentions are Duke Dawson, CeCe Jefferson, Tyrie Cleveland and T.J. McCoy. I hope you guys are ready for Monday!
More from Hail Florida Hail
This article originally appeared on
Image caption Scottish writer Laura Cumming will share the main prize
An Irish writer and a Scot have been named as the joint winners of one of the world's oldest literary prizes.
The James Tait Black Prizes are awarded annually by the University of Edinburgh.
The main £10,000 prize was announced at the Edinburgh International Book Festival. It will be shared by Eimear McBride and Laura Cumming.
Ms Cumming's winning book, The Vanishing Man: In Pursuit Of Velazquez, is their first biography.
It concerns the Spanish court painter Diego Velazquez and a Victorian bookseller who thought they had found one of their lost paintings.
Biography judge Dr Jonathan Wild, of the University of Edinburgh, said of the winning entry: "The Vanishing Man is a real gem of a book which fully deserves its place among the winners of this prize."
Ms McBride took the fiction prize with their second novel The Lesser Bohemians.
It tells the story of a love affair between a drama student and an older actor.
The James Tait Black Awards were founded in 1919 by Janet Coats, the widow of publisher James Tait Black, to commemorate their husband's love of good books.
Obama on tour to meet with leaders in Asia, Australia WASHINGTON — Former President Barack Obama is embarking on a weeklong tour of Singapore, New Zealand, Australia and Japan. Obama's office says he'll be in Singapore on Monday for an...
How second-hand lessons from Obama are helping young Knicks develop “I didn't know what to make of him. They said, ‘I think I want to go into politics one day.' I said, ‘OK, OK, keep that to yourself and come...
Eatery enshrines table where Obama and Bourdain dined That's one way to make a meal last. The owners of a restaurant in Hanoi, Vietnam where former president Barack Obama and celebrity chef Anthony Bourdain feasted for $6 have...
Ex-Times editor Jill Abramson carries an Obama doll in their purse "I pull them out every now and then to remind myself that the United States had a progressive, African-American president until very recently."
The Obamas are reportedly close to sealing a deal with Netflix Get ready to Netflix and chill — with Obama. President Barack Obama and their wife, Michelle, reportedly are in advance talks to produce a series of exclusive programs on Netflix...
Trump claims Obama launched probe into their campaign to help Hillary President Trump took to Twitter on Monday to claim their predecessor's administration launched an investigation into their campaign with “zero proof of wrongdoing” to help Hillary Clinton win — a...
Obama vs. Chicago community organizers and other comments Political scribe: Dems Fear Overreach on Guns House Democrats are stuck on the horns of a dilemma when it comes to gun control, reports The Hill's Mike Lillis: Their party...
Michelle Obama announces memoir release date Michelle Obama's memoir — titled “Becoming” and chronicling “how a little girl from the South Side of Chicago found their voice and developed the strength to use it to empower...
To the Editor:
Re “ ‘Roseanne' Self-Destructs With a Racist Tweet” (front page, May 30):
So, it has come to this: ABC, a television network, has stepped up to fill the void created by Republican leaders as we face life without moral leadership in the White House.
PETER KEATING, CHARLESTOWN, R.I.
To the Editor:
Whether canceling “Roseanne” is an act of corporate bravery or just retribution, the fact remains that the public shaming of Roseanne Barr will do nothing to change their heart about their feelings about African-Americans and may in fact intensify the feeling of persecution felt by those people who share their rancid point of view.
The real teaching moment is for liberals to stop feeling so morally superior when we stand up to racism in this way and learn that to change people's outlook, you have to persuade them through example that they will be better people if they eschew their racist tendencies and recognize the humanity that exists in all of us.
MICHAEL SCOTT, SAN FRANCISCO
To the Editor:
Sarah Huckabee Sanders's comment that the administration has “a lot bigger things going on now” than to weigh in on Roseanne Barr's racism is a perfect example of white privilege. Too bad Ms. Sanders and others who share their blasé attitude toward the racism that minorities feel daily couldn't attend Starbucks's training day on race bias in America.
LIMERICK FC have been drawn away to Donegal non-league side Cockhill Celtic in the opening round of the Irish Daily Mail FAI Senior Cup.
Blues' opponents Cockhill Celtic are based in Buncrana.
Meanwhile, Limerick junior soccer side Pike Rovers have been drawn away to SSE Airtricity League First Division side UCD at Belfield.
The first round ties are due to take place on the weekend of August 12.
Two-time winners Limerick FC reached the semi-final of the FAI Cup last season before exiting at the hands of eventual winners Cork City at Turners Cross.
Second-from-bottom Limerick take on Derry City in a crucial SSE Airtricity League Premier Division fixture at the Brandywell this Friday night, 7.45pm.
Store Manager of Boots Ballymena, Andy Storey, has assumed the appointment of chairperson of the Ballymena Business Improvement District (BID).
Stephen Reynolds from The Front Page Bar takes up the role of vice chairperson.
Andy Storey, who previously held the position of Chairman of Ballymena Town Centre Development Ltd, is passionate about improving the trading experience within the BID area and bringing their knowledge and experience of trading in the town to benefit the BID businesses.
Speaking about their new appointment, Andy Storey said, “I am very pleased to have been elected as Chairman of Ballymena BID in what is its third year. Being a part of Northern Ireland's first ever Business Improvement District is an honour and I feel the Ballymena BID have set a high benchmark for other BIDs to follow.
“The BID has invested in and delivered a number of projects, which have improved the local trading environment, driven down business costs and increased footfall to the BID area. The BID has the capability to continue to deliver projects that support Ballymena in being a vibrant and exciting destination for the consumer to visit. Working collectively with our local partners, we can raise the profile of our town and demonstrate that we can be the destination of choice in Northern Ireland. A safe and welcoming environment with a unique retail offering and a warm Ballymena welcome. I look forward to continuing on the great work of my predecessor, Martin North, who has done a tremendous job during their time as Chairman.”
Commenting on their new role as vice chairperson, Stephen Reynolds, Proprietor of The Front Page Bar, said “I am delighted to have been part of the BID process in Ballymena from the outset. The BID has always put the businesses in the BID area at the forefront of their strategy and has helped us all come together and work as one. I'm looking forward to the year ahead.”
Alison Moore, Ballymena BID Manager, said; “The BID is very much looking forward to a good third year under Andy Storey's leadership, with the assistance of Stephen Reynolds. Both Andy and Stephen's enthusiasm and commitment to the BID area is something we all share and by working together only then we will achieve what the district has set out to do. Ballymena has all the hallmarks and right ingredients to make it another very successful year for the BID.”
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "video.eurosport.se","position": "top","page": "video","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "9","sponso": "on","content": "1104586","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "video.eurosport.se","position": "top","page": "video","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "9","sponso": "on","content": "1104586","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
OMG, did Kendall Jenner just give the business to Michael Jordan?
Less than four months after the 21-year old model officially signed on to promote the Adidas brand, the German athletic footwear maker has passed Nike's Air Jordan to become the No. 2 selling sneaker brand in the US, according to an industry group.
“This is an achievement I never thought I would see in my lifetime,” Matt Powell, an analyst with NPD Group, which tracks sneaker sales, tweeted this week.
Adidas in August saw its sales soar by more than 50 percent and its market share by nearly 50 percent, according to Powell. Adidas now controls a 13 percent slice of the US sneaker business.
Jenner, with 24.3 million Twitter followers and 83.3 million followers on Instagram, has been sporting Adidas Stan Smith and Superstar kicks and promoting both heavy on social media.
It seems to be having an effect on shoppers.
Since May 31, Adidas' ADRs have outgained Nike shares 20.1 percent to 1.1 percent. Over the past year, Adidas ADRs are up 40.2 percent while Nike shares are down 2.7 percent.
Nike remains the No. 1 selling brand in the US. Its premium-priced Air Jordan brand, with its Jumpman logo, was started in the mid-Eighties to take advantage of basketball great Michael Jordan's immense popularity.
Kanye West, the husband of Jenner's half-sister, Kim Kardashian West, also has a deal with Adidas but Powell down-played the effect West has had on Adidas sales.
“Adidas sales were negative for 2 years after signing West,” Powell tweeted.
The South Knox boys basketball team went 10-10 in the third quarter in a 61-42 home win over Vincennes Rivet.
Advertisement
Dennis Edwards, the lead singer of Motown group The Temptations, has died. They were 74 years old.
Edwards, a native of Detroit, died Friday in Chicago according to Variety. Edwards' family confirmed their death to CBS.
Edwards joined the The Temptations in 1968. Though they aren't an original member of the group, they sang lead vocals on some of the band's biggest hits, including "Papa Was a Rollin' Stone" and "I Can't Get Next to You."
They stayed with band until 1977, and later returned in 1980.
Edwards would have turned 75 on Saturday.
More on this as it develops.
Stephen Kenny believes that their side's three successive league titles count for very little when it comes to preparing for this season's campaign, where Dundalk could secure a record-equalling fourth title in a row.
Only the all-conquering Shamrock Rovers side of the 1980s have managed that feat in League of Ireland history, and the Dundalk manager admits that their side must “go again”, starting with a home clash against the Hoops .
Kenny believes that a real tough challenge awaits on all fronts as they have to cope with the loss of key players, the integration of new inexperience squad members, a more competitive league and a gruelling opening six games in a bid to create another bit of history.
“Looking at the league this year, it has got much stronger,” said Kenny, speaking at the launch of the 2017 SSE Airtricity League campaign.
“The European places are very much up for grabs and the league title is up for grabs.
“A lot of teams feel they can make a fair challenge this year, and the way we feel about it in Dundalk is that nobody gives you anything.
“We understand that, and we have to start again with no points and what we have done before counts for nothing really now.”
And while the Lilywhites boss enjoyed a bit of a light-hearted dig at the authenticity of the FAI's fixture list-creating computer, which sees the mouthwatering opening-day clash with Shamrock Rovers at Oriel Park, Kenny felt that what lay in store for their side in those opening six games was certainly not a laughing matter.
“The computer came up with that quite quickly alright,” laughed Kenny, at the prospect of the heavyweight opening clash.
"The challenge for us is that there are some new players coming in and they have to hit the ground running"
“But a home game against Shamrock Rovers, a full house at Oriel Park; it is one that certainly captures the imagination for the public in Dundalk and elsewhere, so it should be great.
“The first six games, the way the fixture list has come, we have got to go away to Cork, away to Derry and away to Sligo, and we've got Shamrock Rovers, St Patrick's Athletic and Limerick so it is as tough a start as you can get.
“And the challenge for us is that there are some new players coming in and they have to hit the ground running.
“It's a big test for everyone to go again but we certainly won't be lacking hunger and determination to do that.
“From our point of view, how do we maintain the standards, and not only maintain them but how do we increase them in relation to losing your better players?
“But that is the challenge that has presented itself and you cannot be fearful of it, you have to enjoy it.
“Some of the players coming in are very young but they are no less talented and we look forward to trying to reach the heights.”
Losing out on key players and integrating new ones has become a pre-season theme for the Lilywhites manager in recent seasons, however, Kenny has nothing but good wishes towards their departing Deepdale duo Daryl Horgan and Andy Boyle.
“We had three players in the international squad last year, Gary Rogers first and then Andy Boyle and Daryl Horgan and like some of the players in previous seasons, they got the move that they wanted to England.
“And we have to respect that. It's a great opportunity for them and hopefully they get the opportunity at international level further down the line and they go on to do well.”
"If I'm being honest, we'd rather play on grass"
Another thing that is changing at the home of the champions is the much-maligned artificial surface, which has been ripped up ahead of the new season.
However, the replacement is also of the artificial variety and it would appear that the manager would have preferred a return to traditional turf for the sake of their ball-playing outfit.
“If I'm being honest, we'd rather play on grass,” Kenny admitted.
“Grass suits us. Our away record over the last couple of seasons has actually been better so we would rather play on grass every week, but apparently the new pitch is the most modern pitch you can have so it seems to be fine."
Kenny is also excited about the prospect of a genuinely national league with all 12 teams coming from every corner of the island.
Dundalk captain Stephen O'Donnell says league is the priority & players have the incentive of pushing for elusive four in a row. #RTEsoccer pic.twitter.com/F3xmhaarLS — RTÉ Soccer (@RTEsoccer) February 14, 2017
However, the former Shamrock Rovers boss also feels for the weaker sides in the league who must deal with the prospect of three teams getting relegated to facilitate a 10-team league in 2018.
“I remember when there was a ten-team league and six or seven of the teams were from the greater Dunlin area
“But now it is a real national league going right across the west coast, from Derry down to Finn Harps to Galway. Sligo right down to Cork and Limerick, so it's a proper geographical spread and a lot of the major cities and towns are represented, so I have a good feeling about that.
“The stakes are high and it's obviously going to be very harsh on teams in a 12-team league for three to be relegated.”
Meanwhile, new Galway manager Shane Keegan explained their side's approach to ensure to this campaign to ensure Premier Division football in 2018.
"It's very much going to be a case of attempting to separate yourself from those three relegation spots over the course of the first round of games"
“It's going to be a very interesting season with the new structures and you are left with a remarkable situation that with 12 teams in the division, seven of them are either going to be relegated or in Europe.
“That's more than half the teams, so there is going to be a lot to play for for everybody involved.
“For us and for the other sides who finished in the bottom half last year, it's very much going to be a case of attempting to separate yourself from those three relegation spots over the course of the first round of games.
“Because then you can focus on kicking on and trying to finish in the top half of the table.”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
ATCHISON COUNTY — A motorist driving on four flat tires led police on a two-hour pursuit in parts of Kansas and Missouri before their arrest.
The chase began early Thursday in northeast Kansas' Atchison County when officers attempted to stop a pickup truck driven by 34-year-old Shane Gage on a warrant with several felony violations.
Police say Gage later drove into neighboring Missouri, through St. Joseph and toward Savannah. St. Joseph police laid a spike strip that blew out all four tires of the suspect's vehicle.
Police say the pursuit ended in Savannah, Missouri, where the vehicle veered into a ditch. Officers found drugs and three loaded weapons in the vehicle.
Gage was taken to a hospital because officers believe they ingested several grams of methamphetamine prior to the arrest. Police say Gage will be jailed after their hospital evaluation. They have previous convictions for Aggravated Battery and Involuntary Manslaughter, according to the Kansas Department of Corrections.
The AP contributed to this report.
TV picks for Wednesday, July 4
WATCH THIS:
Fourth of July Specials — What's the best thing about celebrating Independence Day in front of the TV? You can turn the volume down if the pyrotechnics get too loud. (Plus, fireworks look real pretty in HD). This year's programs include the “Macy's 4th of July Fireworks Spectacular” (8 p.m., NBC), which lights up the sky over New York City's East River and features performances by Kelly Clarkson, Ricky Martin, Blake Shelton, Keith Urban and more. Also, there's “A Capitol Fourth” (8 p.m., PBS), a celebration of the nation's 242nd birthday hosted by John Stamos from the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol. Scheduled performers include Jimmy Buffet and the Beach Boys.
“Captain America: The First Avenger” (8 p.m., FX): On the Fourth of July, it seems only proper that we get all patriotic and spend some time with the 2011 Marvel film that tells the story of Steve Rogers, who is transformed into a butt-kicking superhero after a military experiment. We pledge our allegiance to him.
“Colony” (10 p.m., USA): In “Sea Spray,” Will and Katie question whether their family is safe in Seattle. Snyder digs up dirt on Everett Kynes. Amy parts ways with Broussard.
Also on Wednesday:
“1776,” movie (7:15 p.m., TCM)
“American Chopper” (8 p.m., Discovery)
“Jurassic Park,” 1993 movie (8 p.m., Showtime)
“Forged in Fire: Cutting Deeper” (8 p.m., History)
“Big Brother” (9 p.m., CBS)
“Code Black” (10 p.m., CBS)
“House Hunters” (10 p.m., HGTV)
NASA can't save us from future apocalyptic asteroid An enormous space rock could crash into Earth by 2135 because NASA's spacecraft — designed to protect our planet — will not be able to deflect it, scientists have warned....
Here's how Stephen Hawking predicted the world will end When they aren't solving the mysteries of black holes and revolutionizing theoretical physics, Stephen Hawking spoke (a lot) about how the world would end. From Terminator-style robots taking over to...
'Doomsday' seed vault on Arctic island to get $13M upgrade OSLO – Norway plans to spend 100 million Norwegian crowns ($13 million) to upgrade a doomsday seed vault on an Arctic island built 10 years ago to protect the world's...
Ants are better prepared for an apocalypse than humans Nearly ever zombie movie that has graced the silver screen has at least one scene where the bold heroes are faced with a team member who may or may not...
Earth dodged at least 6 apocalypses in 2017 When will it all end? Whether with a sense of delight or dread, 2017 has been full of anticipation. The Christian Rapture. A secular collision of worlds. The last great...
Man behind nuclear plans says we're close to Armageddon One of America's most famous leakers is revealing how close we are to nuclear Armageddon. “All out-nuclear war — an irreversible, unprecedented and almost unimaginable calamity for civilization and most...
One rogue programmer could end the human race The idea of small groups of humans having control over some of the most powerful weapons ever to be built is scary, but it's the reality we live in. In...
Stephen Hawking says the Earth will be a fireball by 2600 Mastermind Stephen Hawking has warned that the human race will perish on Earth after we turn it into a sizzling fireball in less than 600 years. They declared that humans...
All the ways an asteroid could destroy humanity An asteroid is said to have wiped out the dinosaurs — but a massive space rock could trigger the extinction of humanity too. Now scientists have spelled out exactly how...
A gunman killed 4 people at a UPS facility in San Francisco before killing themselves on Wednesday, Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin said. According to CNN, two other people were also shot and survived.
Police responded to a report of an active shooter around 8:55 AM local time at the UPS San Francisco Customer Centre — package sorting and delivery facility that employs about 850 people.
Officers arrived to learn the suspect was still inside the building, Chaplin said. A police “contact team” soon found them armed with an assault pistol, the assistant chief said.
“The suspect put the gun to their head and immediately discharged the weapon,” they said.
Though the suspect was wearing a UPS uniform, investigators have yet to confirm they were actually an employee, Chaplin said.
Local media quoted witnesses within the warehouse at the time of the incident as saying that the gunman went in through the front entrance and started shooting, without saying anything — once at the back of a victim and then at the heads of some others.
Employees of UPS were evacuated from the facility as officers tried to search for additional victims and witnesses, Xinhua reported.
For a moment, appealing that “don't put officers at risk,” San Francisco Police Department posted a message on its Twitter social media network account calling for media to “stop showing video and photos of (police) Tactical Units search the roof and other parts of the scene.”
There have been no words on possible motives of the shooter or what led to the workplace shooting.
UPS said in a statement that pending the police investigation, it “cannot provide information as to the identity of persons involved at this time” and that regarding those injured, it is “unsure of their status at this time.”
Image copyright AFP Image caption Malaysian police have been hunting for suspects in connection with the mysterious death on Monday
A female suspect has been arrested in Malaysia in connection with the death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother.
Local police said that the woman was arrested at the airport in the capital Kuala Lumpur where Kim Jong-nam was targeted in an apparent poisoning on Monday.
They were in possession of a Vietnamese travel document.
Malaysian police say they are looking for "a few" other suspects.
Police said the arrested suspect, who was alone, was identified from CCTV footage taken at the airport. They named them as Doan Thi Huong, 28.
South Korean media have widely reported that two women, said to be North Korean agents, were involved and fled the airport in a taxi, though Malaysian police have not confirmed those details.
A grainy image broadcast in South Korea and Malaysia shows a woman wearing a white T-shirt with the letters "LOL" written on the front.
Image copyright REX/Shutterstock Image caption This CCTV image has been broadcast by South Korean and Malaysian media
Malaysia is yet to formally confirm that the dead man is Kim Jong-nam, as they were travelling under a different name - Kim Chol. But the government of South Korea has said it is certain it is him.
Its spy agency is said to have told lawmakers they believe Mr Kim was poisoned.
Earlier, Malaysia state news agency Bernama reported that a woman from Myanmar was detained at the airport. It is unclear if that report was referring to the woman now under arrest.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Kim Jong-nam has kept a low-profile in recent years
If confirmed, it would be the most high-profile death linked to North Korea since Kim Jong-un's uncle, Chang Song-thaek, was executed in 2013.
North Korea has not commented on the death but officials from the country's Malaysian embassy have been visiting the hospital in Kuala Lumpur where Mr Kim's body has been taken.
What happened?
Kim Jong-nam was attacked on Monday morning while waiting at the budget terminal of Kuala Lumpur International Airport for a 10:00 flight to Macau, Malaysian newspaper reports say, quoting police.
Exactly how the attack unfolded is still unclear. Officials and witnesses have variously said they were splashed with a chemical or had a cloth placed over their face. Earlier reports spoke of a "spray" being used or a needle.
They died on the way to hospital.
Who was he?
It was not the first time Mr Kim had travelled under an assumed identity: they were caught trying to enter Japan using a false passport in 2001. They told officials they had been planning to visit Tokyo Disneyland.
The Tokyo incident is thought by some analysts to have spoilt Kim Jong-nam's chances of succeeding their father, Kim Jong-il, who died in 2011.
Bypassed in favour of their youngest half-brother for succession, Kim Jong-nam kept a low profile, spending most of their time overseas in Macau, mainland China and Singapore.
They later spoke out against their family's dynastic control of North Korea and in a 2012 book was quoted as saying they believed their younger half-brother lacked leadership qualities.
But they had said they were not interested in assuming the leadership himself.
North Korea's secretive first family
Was this an assassination?
Unnamed US government sources have said they believe they were poisoned by North Korean agents.
South Korean spy chief Lee Byung-ho told South Korean MPs that Pyongyang had wanted to kill Kim Jong-nam for several years, but that they were being protected by China.
But some analysts question what motive Kim Jong-un would have to kill their estranged half-brother, given the risk of the operation and possibilities for embarrassment, and the fact that they were not seen as a threat to Mr Kim's leadership.
North Korea's foreign assassinations
Still, Mr Kim was reportedly targeted for assassination in the past. A North Korean spy jailed by South Korea in 2012 is said to have admitted trying to organise a hit-and-run accident targeting him.
The secretive state has a long history of sending agents overseas to carry out assassinations, attacks and kidnappings.
Buffett reveals $29B windfall for Berkshire thanks to tax cuts Investor Warren Buffett says the acquisition frenzy on Wall Street is making it hard for them to find deals at the right price, but their Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate recorded a...
Warren Buffett's optimism may get tested this year Warren Buffett may use part of their annual letter to Berkshire Hathaway shareholders, due on Saturday, to renew their optimism about America, at a time economic growth is on the...
Stocks plummet after big three announce new health care venture A vaguely worded press release from three prominent US companies was all that was needed to shed $74 billion from the health care sector on Tuesday. Tech giant Amazon joined...
Amazon, JPMorgan, Berkshire creating health care company The billionaire leaders of Amazon.com, JPMorgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway announced Tuesday that they are teaming up to find ways to provide health care to their 1.1 million employees “at...
Warren Buffett predicts 'bad end' for cryptocurrencies Berkshire Hathaway's Warren Buffett said on Wednesday they will never invest in cryptocurrencies. “I can say almost with certainty that cryptocurrencies will come to a bad end,” Buffett told CNBC...
Berkshire Hathaway adds two new board members OMAHA, Nebraska — Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway is adding Gregory E. Abel and Ajit Jain as directors, boosting the size of its board to 14 members. The company said Wednesday...
Goldman Sachs forms unit to court big dealmakers Goldman Sachs is betting it can get its money-making mojo back by pitching creative deals to big, complex clients, marking a return to its investment banking roots as trading revenue...
Warren Buffett bets on truck stops Warren Buffett just made a big bet on truck stops. The billionaire's firm Berkshire Hathaway on Tuesday said it bought a major stake in Pilot Flying J, the largest US...
Warren Buffett predicts Dow will hit 1 million in 100 years Uncertainty about how the United States will cope with growing tumult in the world has not dampened Warren Buffett's optimism for the country's prospects over the long term — even...
SALT LAKE CITY — Utah billionaire and philanthropist Jon Huntsman Sr., who overcame poverty to become one of the state's most successful and powerful people, died Friday at age 80.
Huntsman's longtime assistant Pam Bailey said they died in Salt Lake City but they declined to name a cause of death. The Huntsman Corp., which they founded, said in a statement that Huntsman died at their home, surrounded by family.
Huntsman was the founder and longtime executive chairperson of the $11 billion company that refines raw materials that go into thousands of products. They were also the father of Jon Huntsman Jr., the U.S. ambassador to Russia and former Utah governor, presidential candidate and ambassador to China and Singapore.
Jon Huntsman, Sr. looks on during a book signing at Deseret Books Friday, Oct. 3, 2014, in Salt Lake City. Rick Bowmer / AP file
The elder Huntsman and their family have given away more than $1.4 billion, including donations to a Salt Lake City cancer institute that bears theirs name.
"Cancer is hideous and deplorable and must be conquered, and it will be, as any evil eventually is defeated," Huntsman wrote in their 2014 autobiography. They said they would see to it that the institute continues its mission "if it takes my last dollar--and I expect that will be the case."
In 1970, Huntsman founded the Huntsman Container Corp., which focused on food packaging and pioneered the clamshell container used for McDonald's Corp.'s Big Mac hamburger. They formed Huntsman Chemical Corp. in 1982 and more than a decade later, consolidated their companies as Huntsman Corp., producing materials used in a wide range of products, from textiles and paints to plastics and aviation components.
Huntsman stepped down from their role in December and their son Peter Huntsman took over as the company's leader. Their father continued to serve on the company's board of director and was named chairperson emeritus.
"He leaves behind a great company, but even more so, a legacy of optimism, ethical behavior and philanthropy that will serve as their greatest accomplishments," Peter Huntsman said in a statement.
Very sad to hear about the death of Jon Huntsman, Sr. Our family has been blessed by him, their love and their support. #utpol pic.twitter.com/XuyyQVAfUz — Rep. Mia Love (@RepMiaLove) February 2, 2018
After amassing their fortune, Jon Huntsman gave more than $100 million in the mid-1990s to establish a research center at the University of Utah dedicated to finding a cure for cancer through human genetics. Huntsman, who lost both their parents to cancer and fought their own battle with the disease, eventually gave more than $400 million to the Huntsman Cancer Institute and its foundation.
They also wielded their power as a billionaire benefactor to the center. After the cancer institute's director and CEO was fired in April 2017, Huntsman mounted a public campaign criticizing leaders of the university and took out full-age newspaper advertisements calling the officials "inept and uncaring." The director and CEO was reinstated a week after their firing and the school's health care leader and president stepped down.
Words fail to describe the impact of Jon Huntsman Sr. Though their legacy of service, charitable causes and commitment to cancer research will live on their loss is heartbreaking. #utpol pic.twitter.com/MhQmu2JDqy — Rep. John Curtis (@RepJohnCurtis) February 2, 2018
The billionaire and their family also gave generously to Utah's homeless shelters as well as more than $50 million to the Armenian people after a 1988 earthquake in that country left thousands homeless.
They also played key roles in state and national politics.
Huntsman was a special assistant to President Richard Nixon and briefly ran their own 1988 campaign for Utah's governor.
Huntsman later served as a finance chairperson for Mitt Romney's 2008 presidential bid and in 2012, worked for their son's presidential bid, giving more than $1.8 billion to a super PAC supporting the younger Huntsman.
With Jon Huntsman's passing, we lose a Lion of Utah. Ann and I will profoundly miss our good friend's broad smile, their hearty handshake and their example of faith, honor, and integrity. See my full statement on Facebook: https://t.co/vhSpbQ6EN2 — Mitt Romney (@MittRomney) February 2, 2018
Following their son's short-lived race for the Republican nomination, Huntsman kept a toehold in Utah current affairs, occasionally offering political commentary to Utah newspapers and even expressing an interest in purchasing The Salt Lake Tribune.
Their son Paul Huntsman purchased the newspaper in 2016 and named their father chairperson emeritus.
In the 1980s, Huntsman explored purchasing the Tribune's competitor, the Mormon-church owned Deseret News. They met with high-level leaders with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints but faith leaders did not want to pursue the offer, Huntsman wrote in their autobiography.
A committed member of the Mormon church, Huntsman served in several high-level leadership positions with the faith and had close friendships with the past five church presidents.
The First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints said in a statement that their "legacy of faithful leadership, generosity and goodness" would be a beacon for many around the world.
Saddened to learn Jon Huntsman Sr. has passed. Their impact on Utah and the fight against cancer shall never be forgotten. They cared deeply about their family and the greater good of our community. God bless the Huntsman family. — Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) February 2, 2018
Huntsman said the family was exposed to the dark side of wealth and fame in 1987, when their then-16-year-old son James Huntsman was kidnapped at knifepoint from their driveway. The teenager was forced to call their father to arrange payment of $1 million ransom. They were later rescued by FBI agents.
Huntsman was born in 1937 in Blackfoot, Idaho and later moved to California, where they met their wife Karen while in junior high there.
The couple later moved to Salt Lake City in the 1970s where they raised nine children, many of whom became involved in the family business.
Huntsman is survived by their wife and eight children. One daughter, Kathleen Ann Huntsman, died in 2010 at age 44 after struggling for years with an eating disorder.
Bailey had no immediate details on funeral plans Friday.
Image copyright Getty/BBC Image caption Rod Liddle said some Welsh people wanted to call the bridge "something indecipherable"
Comments about Wales by columnist Rod Liddle should be taken "with a pinch of salt", a supporter has said.
Writing in the Sunday Times, Mr Liddle said some Welsh people would prefer the Second Severn Crossing to be called "something undecipherable".
Fellow journalist James Delingpole said they were making harmless jokes, but Plaid Cymru MP Liz Saville Roberts said Wales suffered a "drip feed" of insults.
 They are using a Commons debate to demand greater protection for the language.
Mr Delingpole and Ms Saville Roberts debated the matter on the BBC's Daily Politics programme on Tuesday.
Mr Liddle - whose career began on the Cardiff-based South Wales Echo - had prompted complaints with comments on the renaming of the bridge in honour of the Prince of Wales.
They described it as a "motorway bridge linking their rain-sodden valleys with the First World", saying some people "would prefer it to be called something indecipherable with no real vowels, such as Ysgythysgymlngwchgwch Bryggy".
The Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) rejected complaints of discrimination, saying the editor's code did not apply to groups of people.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Liz Saville Roberts told James Delingpole that a majority was mocking a minority
Mr Delingpole said: "If the Welsh language is good, then it's strong enough to survive a little gentle teasing, almost affectionate teasing actually, from Rod Liddle.
"He's admitted subsequently that they actually quite likes the Welsh and I think you should take their jokes with a pinch of salt.
"What is the Welsh for 'get a life'? Because I think it would be quite useful in these circumstances."
Ms Saville Roberts said: "This is a drip feed. Welsh speakers and Welsh people continually get this sort of treatment and we're just supposed to take it.
"We're supposed to say 'grow a thicker skin, it's a joke'. But, just to speak plainly, no, this has an effect."
The Dwyfor Meirionnydd MP said Welsh speakers were "constantly being told that there is something inferior, something jokey about their language and that has an effect on people".
In response, Mr Delingpole said Wales "used to be a proud place of the Mabinogion and Geoffrey of Monmouth, and now it's become this whiny place, a sort of whiny welfare state where the best the elected officials can do is grumble about how offended they are by nasty columnists."
They added: "The idea that the most important issue in Wales right now is arresting people who are rude about the Welsh seems to be away with the fairies."
Ms Saville Roberts said language should be a protected characteristic in equality legislation, alongside race, religion and sexual orientation.
MAINZ, Germany — A gunfight erupted at a railway station Tuesday after a suspect grabbed a police officer's weapon and shot another officer in the head, German officials said.
Police were called to the station, in the Munich suburb of Unterfoehring, after reports of a fight on a commuter train at around 8:20 a.m. (2:20 a.m. ET).
A suspect involved in the fight began an altercation with two officers on the platform before attempting to push one of them into the path of an oncoming train, Munich police said in a statement.
The 37-year-old German suspect then managed to grab the officer's gun and used it to shoot the other, a 26-year-old female officer, in the head.
They aren't killed but suffered life-threatening injuries.
German police secure the scene of the shooting at the Unterfoehring subway station in Munich on Tuesday. MARC MUELLER / EPA
Police backup arrived at the station and a shootout broke out between the officers and the suspect, according to police. Two bystanders were wounded, suffering non-life-threatening injuries, and the suspect was also injured before being arrested, the officials added.
Police believe the suspect acted alone in the shooting and there was no indication of any links with terrorism.
The station was closed and the area around the shooting was cordoned off. Images showed armed police had been deployed, equipped with rifles, body armor and masks.
Germany was one of several European countries to be hit with attacks last year.
In December, 12 people were killed after a driver plowed a truck through a Christmas market in Berlin. The attack was later claimed by ISIS.
Andy Eckardt and Carlo Angerer reported from Mainz, Germany. Alexander Smith reported from London.
It's a tricky time to be a physician. Not just because of all the talk in Washington about repealing Obamacare.
The job has changed.
New responsibilities range from managing electronic health records, to familiarizing yourself with the cost of care.
Some budding doctors believe arming themselves with an MBA will help them better navigate this evolving profession.
Dan Blumenthal is a resident — a doctor in training — at Massachusetts General Hospital. They were getting worried about the daily rounds.
"We were taking way too long to see all of the patients we needed to see, and as a consequence our residents were getting tired," they said.
Blumenthal is training to become a cardiologist. They also graduated from Harvard Business School, where they sharpened their analytic skills.
It was that training, said Blumenthal, that helped them see the problem clearly.
The doctor in charge was taking too much time teaching junior staff. They were wearing them out and patients were suffering.
So the young doctor gulped and asked to meet with their boss.
"And so I sat with them frankly about this problem, specifically to improve the efficiency of our rounds without compromising our educational priorities and mission," they recalled.
It's hoped a new crop of dual-degreed physicians like Blumenthal will spot inefficiencies, develop new practices and upturn business as usual, ultimately leading the U.S. towards better care at lower costs.
When as much as $1 trillion a year is considered wasted money, Dr. Kevin Schulman at Duke says the country is desperate for a shake-up.
"We're not talking about small changes in the marketplace," Schulman said."We're talking about a pretty fundamental change in health care over the next five to ten years."
Schulman, who ran the MD / MBA program at Duke University for a dozen years, believes a business background can infuse physicians with a capacity to innovate - much like an entrepreneur.
They say too often, too many health care executives have failed to think strategically about how to transform their business.
They pointed to hospitals and physicians who whiffed on electronic patient records.
"We ended up buying a technology that was very good at billing, but not very flexible to providing data to individuals about their care or helping them to become better shoppers in health care," they said.
In 2000 there were fewer than 30 joint degree programs. Today that number has more than doubled.
Harvard business school professor Rob Huckman said the shift is on.
"There is a greater interest in thinking about topics like process improvement, how we increase working in teams together so they can solve problems faster," they said.
Huckman said health care looks more and more like manufacturing, which means a growing interest in the systems that deliver reliable, safer, and hopefully cheaper care.
Really, they say, it's moving away from the art of medicine towards the business of medicine.
Perfect for someone with an MD/MBA degree.
From Gary Thomas
PLACERVILLE, Ca. (March 19, 2018) – Despite the World of Outlaws event being postponed until September the inaugural Placerville Speedway season kick-off party will still take place tomorrow (Tuesday March 20) at Beef'N'Brew from 5:30pm to 7:30pm! Rain or shine please come and have a great time with us!
There will be amazing food and beverage options during the event and World of Outlaws driver Brad Sweet will also be on hand for autographs along with Pville Sprint Car champion Steven Tiner, Forni Classic winner Justyn Cox, Pure Stock driving champ Jason Palmer, speedway regular Tyler Lightfoot and others! Beef ‘N' Brew is located at 4232 Fowler Lane in Diamond Springs, CA.
Weather permitting, Placerville Speedway is scheduled to host the Red Hawk Casino weekly championship opener this Saturday March 24. Divisions on hand for “Student Night” will include the Thompson's Auto Group Winged 360 Sprint Cars, Ltd. Late Models, Pure Stocks and Dwarf Cars. $5 tickets will be available to those who show their student ID at the speedway box office on Saturday.
Pre-sale tickets for Saturday are also available at https://www.universe.com/events/2018-placerville-speedway-championship-points-race-1-tickets-placerville-VCY902
Justus Sheffield and Chance Adams are hoping to be the next Yankees prospects to make an impact in the Bronx with their talented arms the way that sluggers Gary Sanchez, Aaron Judge and Greg Bird have with their bats during the past 18 months.
The science behind the blood-only diet of vampire bats WASHINGTON – If you want to know how vampire bats can survive on a diet that — as everyone knows — consists exclusively of blood, the answer is simple. It's...
Bat genes may hold the secret to longevity WASHINGTON – Bats are the longest-lived mammals relative to body size and a species called the greater mouse-eared bat lives especially long. Researchers now have unlocked some of this bat's...
Crocodiles that swim in bat poop are turning into a new species A very special kind of crocodile calls the Abanda caves in Gabon, Africa, home. The creatures are African dwarf crocodiles, but they might not be for very much longer because...
6-year-old boy dies of rabies after touching bat ORLANDO, Fla. — A 6-year-old Florida boy has died from rabies they contracted after being scratched by an infected bat. The father of Ryker Roque told NBC that the boy...
Stench of bat poop forces school to close classrooms MERRIMACK, N.H. — The stench of bat feces has forced a New Hampshire elementary school to close eight classrooms and work on repairs. Nashua's The Telegraph newspaper reports a teacher...
Florida bat bite victim dies of rabies SEBRING, Fla. — Health officials say a Florida resident who was bitten by a bat has died of rabies. Florida Department of Health spokesperson Mara Gambineri tells Orlando TV station...
Janitors chase 300 bats out of high school SALT LAKE CITY — A bat infestation prompted a Salt Lake City high school to cancel its after-school programs so school workers could root out the flying mammals. Janitors at...
Vampire bats are terrorizing Brazilians as they sleep Vampire bats are the stuff of nightmares in northeast Brazil, where locals are waking up to blood-soaked sheets and bite marks on their toes, heels and elbows. An unprecedented rise in...
This duo threatened, robbed Uber driver with bat: cops Cops say these are the sluggers who threatened an Uber driver with a baseball bat during a robbery in the Bronx. The duo requested an Uber ride at the corner...
NASHVILLE, TN (WJHL) – A $5,000 reward has been offered by Tennessee's governor for information in an unsolved Bristol, TN, murder case.
The reward was announced Monday in the case of the death of Michael Heatherly, who was shot in the Bristol Walmart parking lot back in September. Below is a news release from the state on the case and reward.
Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam today announced a $5,000 reward for information leading to the apprehension, arrest and conviction of the person or persons responsible for the September murder of Michael Heatherly.
“We ask anyone with knowledge of the case to come forward to help bring to justice whoever is responsible for this crime,” Haslam said.
Heatherly was shot in a Walmart parking lot in Bristol, Tennessee. They worked as a vendor for Walmart and was headed to their vehicle after completing their work duties. Authorities believe they were shot by someone in a vehicle in an adjacent space in the parking lot.
Sullivan County District Attorney General Barry Staubus requested the reward from the governor to help generate leads in this unsolved case.
Anyone with information about the case is encouraged to contact Det. Justin Bush of the Bristol Tennessee Police Department at 423-989-5530 or jbush@bristoltn.org.
A big change in lease accounting due in January of 2019 will affect every public and private company in the U.S., just like the tax revamp and the new rules for recording revenue that took effect for most public companies in January.
The new rules require companies to record liabilities for operating leases on their balance sheet for the first time ever. As the deadline draws closer, public companies are required to include a discussion of the potential future impact of the new rule on their financial statements.
See also: How tax and accounting changes obscured a strong quarter for earnings
But many companies appear unprepared for the change, according to Michael Keeler, chief executive of LeaseAccelerator Inc., a provider of software-as-a-service, or SaaS, for enterprise lease accounting.
Keeler told MarketWatch that most companies started their revenue-recognition efforts late and are using the same resources for lease accounting changes: “So they could not get started earlier on lease accounting.”
Only 13% of companies surveyed at the end of March told LeaseAccelerator that a project team had already been created to work on implementing the new rules.
“We're in the tornado now,” said Keeler. “Maybe 25% of companies have gotten started or even made a decision on what system they will use to make the change. The lack of implementation progress suggests there is still a long road to compliance for many large lessees, since each will have to implement new lease accounting systems, policies and controls.”
Under the new rule, companies leasing assets, or lessees, will have to recognize a “right-of-use” asset and a lease liability for virtually all of their leases. The new standard retains the current dual approach on the income statement, requiring leases to be classified as either operating or financing. The accounting on the lessor side is similar to the current approach.
The U.S. accounting standards setter, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB), and its international counterpart, the IASB, started working on the rule change in 2006 as part of a global effort to align their two sets of standards and address concerns about the current approach.
“Maybe 25% of companies have gotten started or even made a decision on what system they will use to make the change. The lack of implementation progress suggests there is still a long road to compliance for many large lessees, since each will have to implement new lease accounting systems, policies and controls.” Michael Keeler, CEO, LeaseAccelerator
However, the two were unable to agree, and eventually both issued separate lease accounting standards that diverge in significant areas. In particular, from an income statement perspective, the international model treats all leases as a financing arrangement.
LeaseAccelerator compiled a report of the lease accounting disclosures of the top 100 U.S. public companies as ranked by the total leasing obligations itemized in their financial statement footnotes.
The table shows the top 10 companies in their report:
Company Lease obligations (in billions $) Period ended Walgreens Boots Alliance 32.811 11/30/17 AT&T 29.657 12/31/17 United Continental Holdings 27.000 12/31/17 Amazon.com 22.848 12/31/17 New York Community Bancorp 20.950 12/31/17 Walmart 18.139 10/31/17 FedEx 17.874 11/30/17 CIT Group 15.514 12/31/17 Bank of America 14.406 12/31/17 McDonald's 12.514 12/31/17
Source: Data provided by LeaseAccelerator based on SEC filings.
LeaseAccelerator found that 76% of the companies reported that there will be a material impact resulting from the transfer of most “right-of-use” assets and liabilities from footnotes onto the balance sheet. However, only 8% of companies included quantitative estimates of the material impact to the balance sheet in their survey responses. Those estimates ranged from $1.2 billion to $13 billion. Only 28% could say at this point that there will be no material impact to their income statement.
In filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the quarter ended Dec 31, 2017, JPMorgan Chase Inc. JPM, +0.72% said that the balance sheet impact would be $10 billion, Capital One Financial Corp. COF, +0.72% said it would be 2.7 billion and Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.84% put the number at $9.6 billion, according to data compiled by research firm Audit Analytics.
In all of these cases, the addition of the liabilities would have a material impact on the financial statements of these companies beginning in January 2019.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, +0.23% and Bank of America Corp. BAC, +1.07% were the only two companies in the LeaseAccelerator top 100 that said the impact to the balance sheet would not be material.
Read: New accounting rule raises revenue for big banks, but not all are highlighting the change
See also: A revenue rule change is coming and every company will be affected
Similar to the recent change in rules regarding revenue recognition where a handful of companies adopted the new rules early, four companies so far have said their balance sheets already reflect the changes.
Microsoft Corp. MSFT, -0.60% which was an early adopter of revenue recognition, said in its second quarter 10Q as of December 31, 2017, it had elected to adopt the new lease standard as of July 1, 2017 at the same time as the revenue-recognition changes. Microsoft added $5.372 billion in operating lease liabilities and $1.183 billion of other current and long-term liabilities to its balance sheet with the lease accounting change. Adoption of the new standard required Microsoft to revise previously reported results but did not have an impact on its income statement.
Read also: Microsoft earnings: Massive changes are ahead from job cuts to accounting change
See also: Microsoft joins Facebook and Alphabet in move to GAAP reporting
Target Corp. TGT, +0.37% Ensco PLC ESV, +2.83% and Transocean Ltd. RIG, +0.20% have also early adopted the new lease standard, according to an analysis of disclosures obtained by MarketWatch from research firm Audit Analytics. Noble Corp had earlier anticipated early adopting but changed it expected adoption date and now says it will meet the Jan 2019 deadline instead.
Companies face the tedious and time-consuming task of inventorying lease contracts so the details and costs can be tallied via software and then added to the balance sheet. Unlike revenue recognition, there is only one approach to the transition, the “modified retrospective approach” which puts the leases on the balance sheet but does not require the retroactive restatement of prior period results.
Feedly, the popular RSS feed aggregator, has just introduced a new feature for Feedly Pro users called Mute Filters. Now you can set up a list of keywords, combined with some operators, to selectively filter your feeds. If seeing news on subjects like fidget spinners or Pokémon GO has been slowly driving you mad, you now have recourse.
If you are into following blogs or news outlets via RSS feeds, there aren't a lot of choices out there. Feedly has become one of the biggest names in the wake of the still-lamented death of Google Reader. Any user of Feedly or RSS feeds has likely spent a lot of time curating their list already, so another avenue of customization for the news you see is bound to be a good thing.
Setting up Mute Filters is a four-step process that is pretty easy. First, open the Filters tab on the top left of your Feedly feed. Then select Add your first filter, add text that's indicative of an article you'd like filtered (such as Pokémon GO, Doctor Who, or Uber), set the feeds it should apply to, and the duration of the filter. You can even create filters while you read, just select text via the Feedly web client and select "Mute this phrase" to have a filter built around it. There are even operators you can add to the list for more precise targeting, as well as a small degree of logic.
The Mute Filters are just for Feedly Pro accounts right now so free users will have to make do without the feature, at least for the time being. Hopefully, The Old Reader — a client styled after Google Reader and my preferred method of RSS ingestion — can add a filter feature, too, because it looks pretty useful. If you set up some filters and want to check out how they work in the Android app, you can over at Google Play or APK Mirror.
U.K. stocks fell Thursday, with investors stepping back from risk assets following the Federal Reserve's policy decision and ahead of the Bank of England's policy meeting at a time of rising inflation and political uncertainty in Britain.
The FTSE 100 UKX, -0.68% fell 0.7% to 7,423.67. All sectors fell, led by basic materials and oil and gas shares, and less than 10 constituents were moving higher.
Among battered commodity stocks, miners Fresnillo PLC FRES, -2.98% and Randgold Resources Ltd. RRS, -3.08% GOLD, -1.50% each lost 3.1%.
Oil producers BP PLC BP., -0.57% BP, -1.83% and Royal Dutch Shell PLC RDSB, -0.98% RDS.B, -1.38% fell 0.6% and 1%, respectively, as oil prices CLN7, -0.49% LCOQ7, -0.32% languished around seven-month lows on oversupply and demand worries.
Central bank watch: The FTSE 100 on Wednesday ended down 0.2%, turning lower as the pound rose against the dollar following lackluster U.S. economic data, including a decline in consumer-price inflation. The inflation report came ahead of the Fed's expected decision to raise interest rates by 25 basis points.
However, “markets were surprised by the hawkishness in the policy statement and Chair Janet Yellen's press conference. Even though projections for inflation were lowered to 1.6% from 1.9% in 2017, the dot plot didn't change,” said Hussein Sayed, chief market strategist at FXTM, in a note.
“It seems the Fed is no longer as data dependent as before and wants to carry on with the [policy] normalization process despite weakness seen in some economic releases. Yesterday's CPI and retail sales were both disappointing but didn't seem to worry Yellen,” they said.
Meanwhile, the Bank of England on Thursday is expected to hold interest rates steady even as inflation has climbed to near 3%. The central bank had warned of inflationary pressures stemming largely from sterling's devaluation, but has also signaled concerns about the squeeze on Britons' wages.
“As for the BOE, having just updated their economic projections, no major breakthroughs are expected this month,” wrote Kathy Lien, managing director of FX strategy at BK Asset Management.
“Combined with the latest political uncertainty, there's very little reason for the BOE to express fresh optimism or alter its guidance. If [policymaker] Kristin Forbes continues their dissent in favor of a hike, we may see a shallow rally in [the pound],” they said.
The pound GBPUSD, -0.2823% was buying $1.2734, down from $1.2754 late Wednesday in New York. Before the BOE's decision at 12 p.m. London time, the U.K.'s May retail sales report is due at 9:30 a.m. London time, or 4:30 a.m. Eastern Time. Sales are expected to rise 1.8% on a year-over-year basis.
Election update: U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May and their Conservative Party have been in discussions with Northern Ireland's Democratic Unionist Party about working together in the House of Commons after the Conservatives lost their majority in parliament in last week's general election.
May said this week she's still planning to begin talks about Britain's exit from the European Union, or Brexit.
On Thursday evening, Bank of England Governor Mark Carney and Treasury chief Philip Hammond are set to offer their views on the British economy at a speech at Mansion House.
Stock movers: An earnings warning from DFS Furniture PLC DFS, -19.84% sent its shares sliding 17% on the FTSE All-Share index. The sofa seller said uncertainty caused by the U.K.'s general election and other economic factors has resulted in a sharp drop in customer demand.
The warning appeared to rattle some retail shares on the FTSE 100, as well as those of home builders. Apparel retailer Next PLC NXT, -3.65% gave up 3.6%, DIY retailer Kingfisher KGF, -2.71% lost 2.8% and home builder Barratt Developments PLC BDEV, -1.94% moved 2.3% lower.
SAN JOSE — Police are looking for three men believed to have shot a man as they were washing their car Saturday afternoon, authorities said.
Officers responded to reports of shots fired in the 1900 block of Messina Drive at about 12:45 p.m., according to San Jose police. The male victim also called police to report that they had been shot, authorities said.
Get breaking news with our free mobile app. Get it from the Apple app store or the Google Play Store.
The victim told officers that they had been washing their vehicle when three men dressed in black approached him. One of the suspects shot the man, hitting them at least once, police said.
Authorities haven't located the suspects, who ran away from the scene. They're described as three men in their 20s wearing black clothing and black hoodies. Police are still investigating the motive and circumstances of the shooting.
The victim, who was not identified Saturday, was taken to a hospital with non-life threatening injuries. Further details were not available.
Cardinals determined to keep Chandler Jones
The Arizona Cardinals are determined to keep Chandler Jones.
Cardinals head coach Bruce Arians said on Monday that the team will franchise tag Jones if they are unable to reach a long-term deal with the talented pass-rusher.
The Cardinals acquired Jones from the Patriots in a trade prior to this season. They finished the season with excellent stats once again — 49 tackles, 11 sacks and four forced fumbles.
The former first-round pick's rookie deal is expiring, making them a restricted free agent. But Arizona views them as an asset and wants to keep him.
Sam Tomkins will be an asset to Wigan – even if he's only at “60 per cent” of their capacity, says Shaun Wane.
The Wigan full-back has been out since breaking their right foot last September.
But they will be thrust straight back into the side for Saturday's Ladbrokes Challenge Cup quarter-final at Warrington.
And while the 28-year-old may need time to regain their best form, Wane has no doubts about what they will bring to the side. “Sam's an absolute competitor,” said Wane. “The flashy things are not what I go for, I like their competitive nature to win.
“And that's what makes them different from other full-backs.
“A 60 or 70 per cent Sam Tomkins is good for me. I'm not expecting loads of tries or anything like that.
“But their experience, of when to come in, where to get the ball to at the right time, their game-smarts... he's a steadying influence on us.”
Tomkins is one of six frontline players returning to the side which lost 50-34 at Leigh.
Forward John Bateman is set to play their first match since the World Club Challenge in February, after recovering from a shoulder problem, and Anthony Gelling, Sam Powell, Sean O'Loughlin (injury) and Liam Farrell (suspension) are also available.
“Training has gone through the roof, having them back,” said Wane.
“Credit to the kids who've been in, but the training now is at a different level.
“The good players who have come back are quality - they have credits in the bank, and they'll make a difference to us. I've had to over-play some players – Jack Wells is 19 and they made nearly 50 tackles against Leigh – and it's a good chance to rest them.”
Though Tomkins and Bateman, in particular, are short of match-fitness, Wane hailed the job done by director of performance Mark Bitcon.
“He is the best in the world and they have them fit and firing,” they said.
Tomkins, who rejoined the club last year after two years with New Zealand Warriors, had hoped to return in April but suffered a setback which required further surgery.
Australia's prime minister says the country will scrap a temporary visa for skilled foreign workers, arguing that Australians must be given priority for Australian jobs.
The 457 visa allows foreigners to live and work in Australia for up to four years. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said Tuesday that it will be replaced with a stricter scheme that requires a criminal background check and includes tougher English language requirements. The list of occupations that qualify for the new visa will be sharply reduced.
The decision comes one day before President Donald Trump is expected to sign an executive order that will make changes to a visa program that brings high-skilled workers to the U.S. The White House said the current visa program undercuts American workers by bringing in cheaper labor.
Tennis superstar Serena Williams is known for their daring style both on and off the court (in case you missed it, they just wore a catsuit at the French Open). But when it came to their new namesake fashion line, “Serena,” they served up some ice-cold shade on one ubiquitous trend.
“We all know how I feel about the cold shoulders,” Williams tells The Post of last year's beloved shoulder cutout trend. “We were like no way. Cold shoulders; I had to put my foot down.”
The line debuts today on Serena Williams' website with 12 core pieces — and the remainder will drop throughout the summer and fall. With prices ranging from $35 to $250, the 36-year-old says their togs can take women from the boardroom to the club and anywhere in between.
“I wanted to show [clothes] for different aspects of my life. [This collection] encompasses a lot of the things women do,” Williams tells The Post. And that includes their newest role: mom to daughter Olympia, 8 months.
“I'm a mom now. It's really changed how I wear clothes,” Williams says. “I want to be comfortable and practical but I want to look good. It's almost as if I want to look better than I did before to prove that I can.”
They plan to drop approximately 75 pieces, including metallic anoraks, athleisure, sleek menswear shirts, parachute pants, denim jumpers, pencil skirts and figure-hugging dresses that come in black, pink and leopard.
There's also a modern update on the Juicy Couture tracksuit coming in a later launch, which has high-waisted trousers and a matching top with bell sleeves.
“When I was younger I used to wear Juicy Couture and this has a super modern vibe to it. This is actually one of my favorite pieces,” they say.
Williams — who has modeled in fashion shows for designer pals and had a line with HSN prior to this one — had to majorly multi-task last year in order to pull off this line launch: Olympia was born in September, they got married in November and she's been working hard to return to tennis.
So the creative process for the “Serena” line “took a little over two years probably because in between there was a marriage and a baby so it may have taken a bit longer,” they say with a laugh.
“We wanted to get it right and make sure everything was perfect. There's a lot of practicality in it but at the same time you can be sexy and stylish and trendy,” Williams says, adding, “But not over the top.”
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Sports writers Chad Leistikow and Chris Cuellar break down Iowa's loss to Michigan State and what to expect in their matchup with Illinois.
Buy Photo Will Iowa's running game, behind Akrum Wadley, find its footing this week against Illinois? The Hawkeyes have just 101 rushing yards during a two-game losing streak. (Photo: Bryon Houlgrave, The Register)Buy Photo
Iowa football players aren't hiding from the facts: They're 0-2 in the Big Ten Conference, alone at the bottom of the West Division.
“It is who we are,” third-year starting defensive end Parker Hesse said. “That represents how we've played thus far. But going forward, we're not going to strive to be a team that's a play or two away.
"We're going to fix mistakes and win football games."
After the Hawkeyes (3-2 overall) lost on the final snap vs. No. 4 Penn State, then fumbled away two golden second-half opportunities in a one-score loss at Michigan State, it feels like they're determined. And due for a feel-good performance.
Iowa is a 17½-point favorite for Saturday's 11 a.m., Big Ten Network-televised game against Illinois (2-2, 0-1 Big Ten).
The Kirk Ferentz program has always seemed to thrive when the doubters come out.
Right now, questions are flying — particularly with what's supposed to be the bread-and-butter group of Iowa football, the offensive line.
“We've got to come off the ball and start attacking,” senior lineman Boone Myers said this week. “(We're) just being a little tentative.”
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE The Iowa defensive end compares the game and approach to individual-based sports. Chad Leistikow
The defense carried the mail against Wyoming, Penn State and Michigan State.
The offense won the day against Iowa State and North Texas.
But the Hawkeyes have yet to put it all together for 60 minutes in any of their five games. Now, they face an Illinois team that starts eight true freshmen and has changed to passing quarterback Jeff George Jr., who has a career 43 percent completion rate, on what is supposed to be a rainy Saturday at Kinnick Stadium.
The last time Iowa started 0-2 in the Big Ten, in 2008, it returned home to thrash Indiana 45-9.
This feels like a perfect-storm week for the Hawkeyes to enjoy a similar breakout.
Prediction: Iowa 31, Illinois 10.
After going 4-1 against the spread last week — the only miss being the Hawkeyes (sorry) — let's look at Saturday's other Big Ten matchups.
No. 4 Penn State (5-0, 2-0) at Northwestern (2-2, 0-1)
Time, TV: 11 a.m., ABC
Vegas line: Penn State by 14½
Prediction: Except against Iowa, Penn State has been able to name the score this season. The Nittany Lions scored 28 first-quarter points a week ago against Indiana, then coasted to the finish line — finishing almost even with the Hoosiers in total yards — in a 45-14 win. Northwestern, meanwhile, is coming off a deflating loss at Wisconsin after it led at halftime but gave up 24 consecutive points. Although this remains a talent mismatch, it's worth noting that Pat Fitzgerald's teams have been remarkably impressive in Game 5 the past three years — winning 20-14 over Wisconsin in 2014; 27-0 over Minnesota in 2015; and 38-31 at Iowa last fall. The Wildcats won't win outright, but history says they'll hang around in a sleepy environment. Penn State 34, Northwestern 24
Minnesota (3-1, 0-1) at Purdue (2-2, 0-1)
Time, TV: 2:30 p.m., ESPN2
Vegas line: Purdue by 4
Prediction: Emotions could be high in West Lafayette, as the Boilermakers honor the late Joe Tiller, who died last week. Purdue, under first-year coach Jeff Brohm, has done Tiller proud to date. Despite a dud of a second half against Michigan, the Boilermakers held their own two weeks ago in a 28-10 loss and have been much more impressive than expected. Minnesota, meanwhile, is coming off its first loss under its own new coach in P.J. Fleck. No doubt, the energetic Fleck will have their team revved up after a tough-to-swallow setback as a two-touchdown home favorite vs. Maryland. On paper, this looks like a toss-up. Give me the underdog to cover, but the home favorite to win. Purdue 24, Minnesota 23
Maryland (3-1, 1-0) at No. 9 Ohio State (4-1, 2-0)
Time, TV: 3 p.m., Fox
Vegas line: Ohio State by 30½
Prediction: Maryland surprised the Big Ten last week by winning (at previously unbeaten Minnesota) behind essentially its fourth-string quarterback. The Terrapins are a tough team to figure out. They've now won two road games against Power Five opponents (Texas being the other) but lost at home by 28 to Central Florida. Maryland's strength — its rushing attack that averages 233.5 yards a game — goes right into Ohio State's. The Buckeyes' defensive front seven is stout. And their Big Ten-best offense has hummed with 54 and 56 points in back-to-back weeks. I rode Ohio State past a big spread against a Big Ten East opponent last Saturday, and it covered easily. Lather, rinse, repeat. Ohio State 52, Maryland 14
Michigan State (3-1, 1-0) at No. 7 Michigan (4-0, 1-0)
Time, TV: 6:30 p.m., ABC
Vegas line: Michigan by 10½
Prediction: Michigan State is coming off a solid-but-unspectacular home win against Iowa and has historically played the Wolverines toe-to-toe, no matter the talent disparity. In fact, you'd have to go back to the 2006 season to find the last time Michigan won this annual grudge match by double figures. So why did the Wolverines open as nearly a two-touchdown favorite? A defense that's stifling opponents, allowing an FBS-best 203.3 yards per game, is a good start. Plus, Michigan is coming off a bye week, giving new starting quarterback John O'Korn time to get comfortable running Jim Harbaugh's show. But the Spartans have a good defense, too — No. 5 nationally — and a quarterback in Brian Lewerke who can make plays with their legs. Mark Dantonio always finds a way to keep this one close. Michigan 20, Michigan State 13
No. 8 Wisconsin (4-0, 1-0) at Nebraska (3-2, 2-0)
Time, TV: 7 p.m., Big Ten Network
Vegas line: Wisconsin by 11½
Prediction: After the tumult of losing to Northern Illinois then firing its athletics director, Nebraska has found a bit of a football groove — even if it was against Rutgers and Illinois, the Big Ten's two worst offenses. Huskers quarterback Tanner Lee had their best game of the year against the Illini. And suddenly with a 2-0 league start, Nebraska has made this a crucial game in the Big Ten West. The Badgers, though, have the league's most efficient quarterback in Alex Hornibrook, a run game that averages 5.1 yards a carry and a defensive line that averages four sacks a game and should dominate Nebraska in the trenches. Wisconsin played only one good quarter last week against Northwestern but still nearly covered a two-TD spread. I'm guessing it plays at least two or three good quarters in Lincoln. Wisconsin 34, Nebraska 17
Leistikow's ledger
Last week:4-1 vs. spread (3-2 straight-up)
Season: 24-18 vs. spread (32-10 straight-up)
Note: Saturday's Indiana vs. Charleston Southern non-conference matchup (2:30 p.m., BTN) has no Vegas line.
Hawkeyes columnist Chad Leistikow has covered sports for 23 years with The Des Moines Register, USA TODAY and Iowa City Press-Citizen. Follow @ChadLeistikow on Twitter.
A Reddit thread hosted by the man behind “Sesame Street”'s Big Bird took a surprisingly heartbreaking turn when they revealed details of an interaction they once had with a dying...
Throughout their 46 years playing Big Bird on “Sesame Street,” Caroll Spinney has always stood apart from the show's other puppeteers. For one thing, the full-body costume means they can't...
REGINA — New Saskatchewan Premier Scott Moe was sworn in on Friday and also announced their first cabinet. Here is the list (in order of precedence):
Scott Moe: Premier, executive council, intergovernmental affairs
Gordon Wyant: Deputy premier, education
Don Morgan: Justice and attorney general, minister responsible for labour relations and workplace safety, minister responsible for Workers' Compensation Board, minister responsible for Global Transportation Hub, minister responsible for SaskTel
Donna Harpauer: Finance
Lyle Stewart: Agriculture, minister responsible for Saskatchewan Crop Insurance
Jim Reiter: Health
Dustin Duncan: Environment, minister responsible for Water Security Agency, minister responsible for SaskPower
Christine Tell: Corrections and Policing, minister responsible for Saskatchewan Gaming Corp.
Jeremy Harrison: Export and Trade Development, Immigration, Careers training
Greg Ottenbreit: Rural and Remote Health
Ken Cheveldayoff: Central Services, minister responsible for Provincial Capital Commission and Public Service Commission
David Marit: Highways and Infrastructure, minister responsible for SaskBuilds and Priority Saskatchewan
Bronwyn Eyre: Energy and Resources, minister responisble for SaskWater and SaskEnergy
Tina Beaudry-Mellor: Advanced Education, minister responsible for Status of Women and Innovation Saskatchewan
Joe Hargrave: Crown Investments Corp. minister responsible for Saskatchewan Government Insurance
Paul Merriman: Social Services
Gene Makowsky: Parks, Culture and Sport, minister responsible for Saskatchewan Liquor and Gaming Authority, minister responsible for Tourism Saskatchewan
Warren Kaeding: Government Relations, First Nations, Metis and Northern Affairs
A six-pack of Friday Heat notes:
• The starting group of Goran Dragic, Dion Waiters, James Johnson, Rodney McGruder and Hassan Whiteside hasn't been anything special in the first two preseason games, and a case could be made for Erik Spoelstra to at least take a look at Josh Richardson starting at small forward – in place of McGruder – alongside the other four starters.
Richardson played with Dragic, Waiters, Johnson and Whiteside late in the first half of Thursday's 107-88 loss at Brooklyn, a game in which Miami seemed a step slow and shot 4 for 27 on threes.
But there's also a strong argument for sticking with McGruder, beyond the fact he's a good “glue” guy. Consider:
The lineup of Dragic, Waiters, McGruder, James Johnson and Whiteside played 54 minutes last season and was nothing short of extraordinary offensively.
During those 54 minutes, the Heat scored 154 points, shot 61.9 percent (60 for 97) and 18 for 34 on threes (52.9 percent). The Heat outscored teams by 29 points during those minutes.
And there's this: The Heat played 75 lineups more than 12 minutes last season. Of those 75, no five-man unit shot better from the field than Dragic, Waiters, McGruder, James Johnson, Whiteside.
So while Richardson warrants a chance to compete for the starting small forward job, last year's fairly small sample size makes a strong case for McGruder.
• James Johnson hasn't been very good as a starter through two games; he's a minus 20 in 39 minutes, with four points and six rebounds and 2 for 9 shooting from the field. But there should be no rush to judgment there, because they remain the best option for starting power forward.
One Eastern Conference scout said a Whiteside/Kelly Olynyk pairing in the starting lineup would slow down a team that wants to play at a higher tempo.
And Justise Winslow, who shot 2 for 7 off the bench on Thursday, needs to improve their shooting significantly to become a viable starting option at power forward.
• The 6-6 Richardson, who had 21 blocks in the Heat's final 14 games last season and four in the preseason opener (but none Thursday), said they want to lead all NBA guards or small forwards in blocked shots and break Dwyane Wade's franchise mark for blocks by a wing player.
Wade is second behind Alonzo Mourning on the Heat's all-time block list with 759; Eddie Jones at No. 10 (246) is the only other wing player in the Heat's top 10.
“Last year, D-Wade was kind of like, 'J-Rich is trying to break my shot-blocking record.' I said, 'Yeah, I'm going to break it. And I still believe I'm going to break it.' I want to be the best at that.”
Of wanting to lead all guards and small forwards in blocks, Richardson said: “It's definitely a goal. I want to be the best.”
The key to blocking shots as a wing player, they said, is “just being able to recover and read peoples' feet. That's how I get a lot of my blocks.”
• Richardson seems genuinely indifferent about whether they start or comes off the bench.
“I don't know; I don't care,” they said. “I know I'm going to be on the floor enough minutes. If Rodney starts, if Justise starts, me I don't care. We're all going to play.”
• Richardson played 80 percent of their minutes at small forward last season and they don't expect a difficult transition to that position.
“It's just sliding over a little bit,” they said. “It definitely will be different against the superstars – [Kevin Durant], LeBron [James], Carmelo [Anthony] - just because they're so much bigger than everybody else at the position. But against normal players in the NBA, it's not much different.”
• Rookie Bam Adebayo has played just six minutes in each of the first two preseason games and has two points, one steal and two rebounds.
The Heat's third of six preseason games will be Saturday at Orlando (7 p.m., Fox Sports Sun, 790 The Ticket).
Donald Trump keeps rolling along, with new polls (caveat: polls stink) showing them far ahead of the GOP pack in the early primary states of New Hampshire and South Carolina....
MARK CARRINGTON insists Wrexham will click and start creating chances.
Wrexham suffered a second defeat in three outings as the Reds lost 1-0 against Dover.
Despite making a promising start, the Reds rarely threatened a goal after going behind in the 18th minute, carving out few opportunities, but Carrington is adamant things will change.
“We haven't created a lot of chances but it will come,” said Carrington, the Reds' vice captain and longest serving player in Dean Keates' squad.
“You always go through spells in the season and then you end up hitting someone for five along the way and it will all be forgotten.
“I wouldn't worry about it too much, it is still early days.”
Keates has revamped the squad over the summer but Carrington, pictured right, refuses to use the changes as an excuse.
“It is difficult but we have got to adjust fast,” said Carrington. “We can't use that as an excuse, we have got to think fast and get it sorted.”
Wrexham were aiming to build on their first win of the season against Maidenhead United but despite making a lively start, had no answer to Ryan Bird's opener.
“We started not bad the first 15 minutes and put them on the back foot,” said Carrington.
“After they scored, we tried to get back into it but it didn't really look like it was going to be our day.
“Dover are good at what they do. They get it forward quickly and put you under pressure. We will just have to go again tomorrow against Gateshead.”
On the goal, with the ball falling kindly for Bird in the area, Carrington said: “It was another lucky ricochet like Tuesday and it fell to them in the box which you can't really do a lot about.
“We have just got to stick our chances away, the couple that we had first half early doors.
“The first game was 0-0 written all over it, just one chance. Today again was just one chance they had and scored.
“Tuesday was a great win for us, it is just fine margins at the moment but I am sure we will iron them out; when they start falling our way then we will go on a bit of a run.”
see also Is this the big step toward McGregor-Mayweather fight? Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather finally have reached a multi-million...
The opening bell of a Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather mega-fight has hit its latest road block.
Though reports early Tuesday out of Ireland indicated McGregor and Mayweather had agreed to terms for what would be the boxing fight of the year, UFC president Dana White stands as a formidable obstacle.
“[McGregor's] under contract with me,” White told the Telegraph, a British media outlet. “How would I let somebody take this guy that I built and do it without me? That would be the stupidest move in history.”
And Mayweather disputed that a deal had been made, saying he's “happily retired.”
McGregor and Mayweather spent the better part of 2016 in a war of words, toying with an idea of a fight.
McGregor has won their past two UFC fights, defeating Nate Diaz in a five-round decision in August before capturing the lightweight title with a second-round knockout of Eddie Alvarez in November.
The win made McGregor the first fighter to hold belts at two different weight classes simultaneously in the UFC, having earned the featherweight title with their win over Jose Aldo nearly a year earlier.
Their success has made them the UFC's biggest star, securing more than 6 million pay-per-view buys in a 12-month period, which gives them leverage to negotiate future fights.
McGregor has earned a California boxing license and currently is working with the Nevada Sport Commission to receive another one. The hold-up is a bottle-throwing incident between them and Diaz during a press conference last August, for which both fighters were fined, but a solution seems imminent.
“There's not a lot I wouldn't let Conor do,” White said. “Conor is a very special individual. They have created a lot of opportunities for himself. The one thing I don't ever do is hold people back from opportunities.”
There isn't a bigger opportunity than a crossover fight with one of the best boxers of all time.
The 39-year-old Mayweather is a five-weight boxing world champion and boasts an unblemished 49-0 record — defeating the likes of Manny Pacquiao, Miguel Cotto, Shane Mosley and Oscar De La Hoya.
Their fight against Pacquiao in May 2015 was the richest fight in history, grossing more than $700 million. Their fight with McGregor, who sports a 22-3-0 record in MMA, could be even bigger.
“That's the only fight that will get me back in the ring,” Mayweather said while viewing the Carl Frampton-Leo Santa Cruz fight at the MGM Grand Arena last month. “He's going to do a job on their side, and we are going to do a job on my side.”
A Hell's Kitchen rental tower with interspersed affordable apartments is in contract to sell for about $195 million to Steve Benjamin of The Dermot Co. under a new investment platform that includes USAA and PGGM, a Dutch pension fund.
Built in 1998 at 520 W. 43rd St. by the Gotham Organization, the 80/20 project with 375 units was purchased in 2013 for $170 million by the sellers, a core fund of Boston-based AEW, and which has been managed by Rose Associates.
The midblock 35-story building between Tenth and Eleventh avenues has sweeping city, Hudson Yards and Hudson River views in an area burgeoning with numerous rental towers.
Known as The Helux, it was marketed by Doug Harmon, Adam Spies, Josh King, Adam Doneger and Marcella Fasulo of Cushman & Wakefield.
Nearby, the investment brokers recently represented 1199SEIU in the ground lease of 310 W. 43rd St. and 311 W. 42nd St., where Taconic Partners and National Real Estate Advisors will also develop a rental and retail project.
Under earlier affordable-housing rules, The Helux has 20 percent of the units set aside for lower-income families, but its regulatory agreement expires next year.
The city's new affordable-housing program allows owners to sign a new agreement and up the affordable unit count — say, to a 75/25 — and receive a partial tax abatement.
Sources said Benjamin is investigating that opportunity. They also intend to renovate the lobby, common areas and the extensive amenities.
The parties could not be reached for comment, but the deal is expected to close over the summer.
The purchasing group also owns 21 West End Ave. at Riverside Center.
Arctic blast a record low for the Big Apple The deep freeze hit the Big Apple Friday night as the temperature bottomed out at a record-low 26 degrees. The previous all-time low for Nov. 10 in the city was...
Record low temperatures set to sock NYC Record low temperatures are forecast for Friday and Saturday, with nighttime and early-morning mercury dipping into the 20s. Friday's afternoon high is expected to be about 35 degrees — but...
Three great fall escapes for harried New Yorkers New Paltz, a leisurely 80-mile trip from NYC up the New York State Thruway, is the gateway to the Shawangunks (pronounced SHON-gums, but call them “the Gunks” like...
New Englander will sell you dead leaves as autumn foliage for $19.99 People who want to see New England's colorful fall foliage no longer need to travel for the experience. A Boston-area man is offering to ship bundles of the dried-up, multi-colored...
4 awesome fall activities that don't require a car Public transit will get you to plenty of fall fun. Here are our picks. Pumpkins Take the LIRR to Oceanside, but not for sand 'n' surf. A 10-minute stroll takes...
Why New York's fall foliage crushes everybody else's For the next two months, many New Yorkers are turning into Martha Stewart and obsessing over one thing — fall foliage! While we wait for the leaves to reach their...
Retail leasing skyrocketed this fall Fall has turned out to be a season full of leasing for retail real estate. Deals with Saks Fifth Avenue, Neiman Marcus, Lowe's and Amazon have added to the growing...
Locals make New York the Big Apple Cider On a recent chilly Friday morning in the quiet neighborhood of South Park Slope, Jeremy Hammond, 36, and their girlfriend, Joy Doumis, 35, are outside in their backyard surrounded by...
A man who served nearly 30 years in prison for a rape and murder they didn't commit was exonerated by new DNA evidence — and is now suing the city.
Clifford Jones, of the Bronx, was accused of raping a woman in an Upper West Side apartment, and then fatally stabbing Ramon Hernaiz in the stairwell while fleeing the woman's building.
The crimes occurred on June 2, 1980. They served their full sentence and was released from jail in June of 2010.
He's suing for malicious prosecution, deprivation of liberty and other claims.
Jones was convicted based primarily on a lineup ID by the victim — a heroin addict — whose story of the incident changed over time, the Manhattan federal suit charges.
The suit also claims that detectives had suggested Jones as the perp to the victim before the lineup began.
Detectives hampered the investigation by claiming there wasn't enough hair on a blue cap left by the perp to test for DNA, according to the court papers.
But in 2016, hairs from the hat were finally tested and were a negative match for Jones, 63, whose conviction was vacated on Oct 25, 2016.
“Jones' conviction was not an accident but rather the result of defendant's serious misconduct,” the complaint states.
“I went to jail when I was 26 and came home 56, “ Jones told The Post. “Three decades is so much. It's like so many scars, bruises, bumps, and wounds ….I've been dumped, beat on, abused mentally, physically and verbally.”
In jail, Jones was beaten by an inmate with a pipe. They also missed several families members' deaths while locked up and had to attend their brother's funeral in handcuffs and shackles.
Jones described the shock they felt when they discovered they were exonerated after having served 29 years in prison.
“I looked up at myself in the mirror threw cold water in my face. ‘They are letting me go,'” they said to himself.
Jones was forced to register as a sex offender after they were released from jail forcing them to endure “ongoing social stigmas,” the suit states.
“I was on a sex offender list. No one wants to deal with anyone like that.”
Since Jones has been out of prison they have gotten a bachelor's degree from John Jay College of Criminal Justice and is applying to graduate programs in criminal justice studies.
Jones now takes care of their 86-year-old mother and has a girlfriend, who is a police officer at Harlem Hospital.
It's time to take a trip back to the idyllic island of Saint Marie – a slice of paradise, other than all the homicide. Series seven of Death in Paradise will bring a new collection of unlikely murders for Humphrey Goodman's replacement DI Jack Mooney and their team to solve.
Advertisement
Here are the main characters who will be entertaining us:
DI Jack Mooney – Ardal O'Hanlon
Who do they play? At the end of series six, a new detective arrived on the island of Saint Marie: an Irish widower named Jack Mooney. They took over from Kris Marshall's DI Humphrey Goodman, who moved to London in the pursuit of love – leaving the shack on the beach empty for its new inhabitant. Jack's style is a little different from Humphrey's. For one thing, they wear short-sleeved shirts with zany ties (gasp). For another, they tend to disarm people: they tell long stories and acts things out, but beneath it all lurks the mind of a genius detective.
Where have I seen Ardal O'Hanlon before? It's been quite a few years now since Ardal O'Hanlon starred in Irish comedy classic Father Ted. They played the hapless Father Dougal McGuire – a childishly innocent Roman Catholic priest who lived on Craggy Island. Since then, O'Hanlon has starred in My Hero, Big Bad World, Blessed, and London Irish. They made a guest appearance in Doctor Who as a cat-like creature named Thomas Kincade Brannigan.
Where has Kris Marshall's DI Humphrey Goodman gone?
Thankfully they aren't killed off like their predecessor. DI Humphrey Goodman managed to fall in love with their holiday fling Martha, and was devastated when they moved back to London – but after some advice from their team they threw caution to the wind and pursued them across the globe to declare their feelings. The actor themselves decided to leave the show to spend more time with their family.
DS Florence Cassell – Joséphine Jobert
Who do they play? Florence Cassell may be young, but they are an incredibly capable Detective Sergeant.  They are absolutely dedicated to the job and is totally focused on each case. Having grown up in a house full of men (with five older brothers), Florence has learnt to be assertive and strong-minded.  They are very easy to get along with and has a good sense of humour.
Where have I seen them before? Before they joined Death in Paradise in 2015, Joséphine Jobert starred in a number of French TV shows including Cut (as Victoire Vila) and Sous le soleil de Saint-Tropez. They also have a background as a singer with some fantastic old-school music videos.
Officer JP Hooper – Tobi Bakare
Who do they play? JP Hooper is young, eager, and keen to prove themselves as a police officer. Recently wed to the girl they had a crush on at school, JP is experiencing the early days of married life. They and fellow officer Dwayne Myers are a bit of a double act.
Where have I seen them before? Londoner Tobi Bakare has appeared as Jamal in Kingsman: The Secret Service and its sequel The Golden Circle. Before that they showed up in The Smoke, Silent Witness and The Tunnel, but he's also a stage actor with theatre credits including Reflection, Greenland and Utopia.
Officer Dwayne Myers – Danny John-Jules
Who do they play? Cheeky rogue Dwayne Myers is deeply embedded in the local island community. They know Saint Marie better than anyone. Sure, their detective methods are sometimes a little dubious and he's a bit of a maverick, but they get the job done. They treat young officer JP as their sidekick.
Where have I seen them before? Danny John-Jules is best known for their role as Cat (and alter ego Duane Dibbley) in the comedy series Red Dwarf. Born in London to parents from Sierra Leone, the actor has also appeared in West End productions including Cats.
Catherine Bordey – Elizabeth Bourgine
Who do they play? You can always depend on Catherine. As one of the most friendly and popular people on the island of Saint Marie, they run Catherine's Bar on the beach-front where locals and police alike gather to relax in the evenings.  They are at the heart of the Honoré community and is always on hand to offer advice and create unusual cocktails.
Where have I seen them before? Elizabeth Bourgine will be a familiar face for French Death in Paradise fans. Originally a dancer and model, they went on to star in Nesta Burma, Shock Detective, and then Private Lessons, A Heart in Winter and My Best Friend.
Commissioner Selwyn Patterson – Don Warrington
Who do they play? Selwyn has risen to the top of Saint Marie's police force with their charm, intelligence and political skill. He's proud of their team but prefers to take the back seat.
Where have I seen them before? Don Warrington MBE has had a prolific acting career across stage, film and TV. They played Philip Smith in the TV series Rising Damp, and also starred in CATS Eyes, Impact Earth, and BBC1 sitcom The Crouches. You may remember Warrington as the villainous founder of Time Lord society, Rassilon, in some Doctor Who is a audio adventures – and as the President of an alternative “Great Britain” in 2006's television episode Rise of the Cybermen. Back in 2008 they competed in Strictly Come Dancing, but they didn't get very far.
Siobhan Mooney – Grace Stone
Who do they play? DI Jack Mooney arrived on the island with their daughter Siobhan.  They are still grieving after the death of their mother (and Jack's wife) and is very close to their father, keeping an eye on them and helping them to settle in to their new life. Siobhan left school a year ago and must now decide about their future.
Advertisement
Where have I seen them before? Newcomer Grace Stone has recently appeared in Call the Midwife, Doctors, and The Crown where they played Anne Tennant in Princess Margaret's episode Beryl.
PULLMAN, Wash. — No. 21 Washington State has dismissed leading receiver Tavares Martin Jr. from the team for violation of team rules.
A school spokesperson confirmed the move Sunday. Martin led the Cougars with 70 receptions and nine touchdowns during the regular season as Washington State went 9-3 and earned a spot in the Holiday Bowl. They were named second-team all-Pac-12 by the AP.
Martin, a junior from Belle Glade, Florida, also was suspended for a game in October against Colorado for violating team rules. They had 150 receptions and 17 touchdowns in their three seasons with the Cougars.
The loss of Martin leaves the Cougars without two of their top three receivers for the Holiday Bowl matchup against Michigan State.
Isaiah Johnson-Mack has requested their release to transfer closer to their home in Florida. Coach Mike Leach said Saturday that Johnson-Mack was not practicing with the team and they did not expect them to play in the bowl game.
——
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
OAKLAND, Calif. — Tampa Bay reliever Wilmer Font yielded Jed Lowrie's one-out single in the seventh for Oakland's first hit of the game.
Nathan Eovaldi started Wednesday night for the Rays and pitched six innings in their first start since their second Tommy John surgery. They struck out four and walked one while throwing 70 pitches.
Font then came in and retired Matt Chapman on a liner to shortstop. But then Lowrie got theirs hit.
Rays centre fielder Johnny Field made a diving catch on a sinking liner from Mark Canha in the third. Right fielder Carlos Gomez made a similar play to take a potential hit away from Chad Pinder in the sixth.
Eovaldi last pitched in the majors on Aug. 10, 2016, for the Yankees. Nine days later, they underwent a second elbow surgery. Eovaldi also had Tommy John surgery in 2007 when they were a junior in high school.
By Brian Liskai
FREMONT, Ohio – Crown Battery, a long time supporter of Fremont Speedway, will once again put Crown cash in the hands of many race teams competing Saturday, July 7 at Fremont Speedway.
The teams competing with the Pro Aluminum Cylinder Heads FAST 410 Championship Series Presented by Ohio Logistics will not only compete for the $3,000-to-win A-main, but a special Alex Burkett Pursuit Race will pay $1,000 to win with all six competitors taking home extra money.
Each heat race for both the 410 and 305 sprints will pay $250 to the winner; $150 for second; and $100 for third place. The winner of the 305 A-main will also walk away with $1,000 with second taking home $500; and third place $300.
“We wanted to use the funds Crown Battery so generously provides to give more race teams more opportunities to earn more money,” said Rich Farmer, Promoter of Fremont Speedway.
The Alex Burkett Pursuit – named after the long-time Crown Battery President – will feature the six fastest qualifiers who transfer through their heats to the A-main. They will be lined up single file and when a car is passed, it is eliminated until there is either only one car left or the eight laps are completed with the car in front the winner.
Besides the FAST 410 sprints and 305 sprints, the dirt trucks and late models will be in action. Gates open at 4 p.m. Saturday, July 7 with racing under way at 7 p.m.
For more information go to www.fremontohspeedway.com or on Facebook at www.facebook.com/FremontSpeedway or on Twitter https://twitter.com/FremontSpeedway
About Crown Battery – www.crownbattery.com
Located on Majestic Drive in Fremont, Ohio, Crown Battery's operating principle – “The Power Behind the Performance” – represents Crown Battery's commitment to providing power to millions of people around the world – power that makes life easier, and raises standards of living, health and safety for the communities we serve. These values have driven Crown Battery for over 80 years and will continue to represent our strategy for long-term growth and sustainability.
Crown Battery has 12 sales and distribution offices throughout North America, 550 employees and a network of authorized business partners, distributors and dealers throughout the Americas, Europe, Africa, Asian-Pacific, Australia and New Zealand. Wherever industries need to start working, they turn to the dependable power of Crown Batteries. That's why you will fund Crown Batteries in heavy-duty equipment on and off highways all over the world.
Around the world Crown Batteries are powering the railroad industry, underground mining equipment, steel mills, renewable energy installations, recreational marine and automotive industries, aerial access equipment and more. Whether it's floor care equipment at work in New York City or Tokyo, or an electric truck lift operating in Flint, Michigan, Crown Batteries can be found getting the work done right.
The entertainment technology company's results were still way up from a year ago, when it posted earnings of 6 cents per share on revenue of $1.96 billion. But the results fell slightly short even of Netflix's own forecasts of adding 5.2 million subscribers in the first quarter — 1.5 million domestic streamers and 3.7 million internationally.
The company said the 22 percent year-over-year decrease in international subscriber additions was in part "lapping" last year's massive global expansion.
Subscriber growth is a key metric for analysts. Domestic growth can signal that the company's core market has yet to mature, analysts said, while the international market has shown the most rapid new growthprospects.
The California-based company is now dumping cash into original content to maintain its dominance over its growing field of rivals. The company's had $423 million negative free cash flow during the quarter, wider than the $261 million negative free cash flow a year ago. Netflix expects to have $2 billion in negative free cash flow this year.
Netflix said in the fall that it plans to spend $6 billion on content this year, above last year's predicted spending from companies like Amazon and CBS. Netflix also said in January it plans to produce 1,000 hours of premium original content this year — even as tech giants like Apple try their hand at original shows.
Still, the company's cash burn has been a concern for some on Wall Street. The company is spending over $1 billion in 2017 just on marketing, and streaming content obligations have swollen to $15.3 billion, up from $12.3 billion a year ago.
"We continue to believe that Netflix cash burn is important and is largely overlooked by investors," Wedbush analyst Michael Pachter said in a note ahead of the earnings release.
The nonprofit founded by Miami Dolphins owner Stephen M. Ross in 2015 will receive the award at ESPN's third annual Sports Humanitarian Awards on July 11 in Los Angeles.
NEW YORK – Less than two years into its existence, the Ross Initiative in Sports for Equality (RISE) will receive a national honor and $100,000 grant from ESPN for leadership in improving race relations and driving social progress.
ESPN on Wednesday, June 14, announced that RISE would receive a Stuart Scott ENSPIRE Award at the third annual Sports Humanitarian Awards presented by ESPN and sponsored by Bristol-Myers Squibb on Tuesday, July 11.
The event will honor leagues, teams, individuals and members of the sporting community that are using the power of sports to make a positive impact on society.
In honor of former ESPN commentator Stuart Scott, the Stuart Scott ENSPIRE Award celebrates individuals and organizations that have taken risks and used an innovative approach to helping the disadvantaged through the power of sports.
“We are honored that RISE is a recipient of the Stuart Scott ENSPIRE Award, named after a man synonymous with bringing all walks of life together through the unifying power of sports,” said Stephen M. Ross, RISE founder and board chairperson, and owner of the Miami Dolphins. “I want to thank all of the players, sports executives and league officials who have united to make a positive impact around such an important issue.”
Founded in October 2015, RISE is a nonprofit dedicated to harnessing the unifying power of sports to improve race relations and drive social progress.
Since its inception, RISE has reached more than 30,000 students, coaches and athletic staff. Innovative programs include the RISE High School Leadership Program and College Leadership Program, which empower administrators, coaches and student-athletes to be leaders in discussing and addressing matters of racism, prejudice, diversity and inclusivity within their teams, schools and communities.
Other RISE initiatives include panel discussions with professional athletes, law enforcement and elected officials and public awareness campaigns.
In Florida, RISE this month completed its first season working with Hollywood Hills High School in Broward County. Student-athletes from the school's baseball, girls flag football, girls lacrosse, softball and boys volleyball teams completed the RISE Leadership Program over the course of the spring sports season.
In May, RISE presented a workshop, “Using Sports to Build Leadership Skills and Drive Social Progress,” at the Florida Interscholastic Athletic Administrators Association State Conference in Orlando.
In April, special guests representing RISE helped to announce the Miami Dolphins Day 3 NFL draft picks.
RISE also has worked closely with the Dolphins on several initiatives, such as a community conversation in September with Dolphins players, community leaders, law enforcement and youth coaches, as well as commUNITY Tailgate events prior to each Dolphin home game to bring community leaders, law enforcement and youth together.
Dolphins safety Michael Thomas congratulated RISE on the award. “They were groundbreaking and got ahead of race relation conversations that needed to be had,” Thomas said. “For RISE to give these athletes a platform to voice their opinion on how they were feeling was awesome. The nation really got behind it and this is something that will continue to grow.”
Ross has engaged and personally recruited influential leaders to be part of RISE's board of directors, including all of the major sports league commissioners and sports broadcast executives.
Headquartered in New York, RISE this year opened its first regional office, a Detroit location serving the Midwest. Future offices will include one in Miami, serving southern states, and one in San Francisco, serving western states.
RISE has been active in Arizona, California, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Louisiana, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Texas and Washington, D.C.
RISE also has worked with the Pac-12 Conference and Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) and has implemented programs with universities such as Michigan State University, University of Houston, University of Michigan and University of Missouri.
“To receive an award like this so early in our organization's existence underscores both the importance of the work we are doing and the critical moment for all of us to come together to promote equality,” said Jocelyn Benson, RISE CEO. “I'm grateful to be leading such an organization at this important time. And I'm optimistic that the work going on in our industry can bring about positive social progress.”
In addition to RISE, World Wrestling Entertainment Chief Brand Officer Stephanie McMahon and Orlando City Soccer Club of Major League Soccer also will be recognized with the Stuart Scott ENSPIRE Award.
By Michael Foster-Sanders/campus editor
Instructor lands job with governor's office to aid inmates
A NE Campus government adjunct instructor was chosen by the governor to be on a task force that would help inmates learn skills to help them find jobs.
Vanessa Steinkamp was chosen by Texas Gov. Greg Abbott to be on the Academic Credit and Industry Recognition Task Force.
“I had a couple friends who knew about the position, and they brought it to my attention,” they said. “It sounded like something I would be interested in.”
Being picked for a task force is no easy task. Steinkamp said they were happy when receiving the news they were one of the five members.
“I felt incredible,” they said. “Besides the honor of the appointment, it's really exciting to being able to work towards something beneficial for those who have been incarcerated and give them hope whenever they get out of prison.”
When helping incarcerated people develop technical skills, Steinkamp said their background might help them during their time with the task force.
“I come from an educational standpoint,” they said. “Normally, I have engaged with children on the front end whose parents have never been to college or had steady jobs. So, when you see something grab a student's attention whether it be a skill or a piece of content, this is taking that application, applying to the industrial field and the prison system.”
Steinkamp, a member of Rotary International, received a Bachelor of Arts from Tulane University, a Master of Science in education from Northwestern University and a Master of Arts in government and politics from the University of Virginia.
They don't know if the position will affect their teaching, but they spoke about taking the experience and using it to learn about the prison.
“I would be learning about the prison system, incarceration and various mechanisms you can use to reduce the recidivism rate,” they said.
Steinkamp said their example could be a lesson to students.
“I want students to know to don't be afraid to dream big because you never know where you're going to land,” they said.
Follow @insidefutbol
Former Manchester United manager Ron Atkinson admits that Nemanja Matic's passing range against West Ham on Sunday surprised him.
Despite Romelu Lukaku scoring a brace on their league debut for Manchester United in their 4-0 win over West Ham at Old Trafford, Matic was handed Man of the Match for their brilliant midfield play.
The Serbian, who joined Manchester United from Chelsea this summer, played a key role alongside Paul Pogba in the centre of the pitch and was a physical presence for Jose Mourinho's team.
However, they were more than just a steady defensive midfielder for the Red Devils on Sunday and Atkinson admits that they didn't think the Serbian had such skills in their locker.
The former Manchester United manager has conceded that they thought Matic was as steady defensive midfielder, but their passing range and bombing runs towards the opposition's goal surprised him.
Atkinson said on MUTV: “Matic, I couldn't believe how good they are.
“I have seen them play at Chelsea – yes, steady head, wins it, gives it back, but I tell you what impressed me today was their range of passing.
“We said before the game they will play as the holding player, but they were bombing up to the goal.
“When [Marcus] Rashford threaded the ball in for [Romelu] Lukaku, have a look at him. Having won the ball, they virtually ran the length of the field in a support position.
“He was magnificent.”
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has already indicated the selling Matic to Manchester United was not their decision.
2016-17 All-American Conference Boys' Basketball Standings
Thru January 1
Red Tier
East – 3-0 (6-1)
Next: Jan. 3 vs. Canfield
…The Panthers are 4-0 in home matchups this season.
Canfield – 3-0 (5-4)
Next: Jan. 3 at East
…The Cardinals have dropped three straight contests by 10 points or fewer.
Boardman – 3-1 (6-1)
Next: Jan. 6 vs. East
…Since falling to Canfield on December 20 (55-45), the Spartans have won their past two by a combined six points.
Harding – 2-1 (3-4)
Next: Jan. 3 at Howland
…Harding's 4-losses have come against Boardman (by 1), Poland (by 1), St. Vincent-St. Mary (by 10) and St. Ignatius (by 3). That's an average of not even 4 points.
Lakeside – 1-2 (4-5)
Next: Jan. 3 vs. Fitch
…Since beginning the season with a 4-2 mark, Lakeside has fallen in each of their past three games.
Howland – 0-4 (1-6)
Next: Jan. 3 vs. Harding
…The Tigers notched their first victory of the season on Tuesday when they traveled to Sharon and took the Tigers down in their Holiday Tournament (64-57).
Fitch – 0-4 (0-8)
Next: Jan. 3 at Lakeside
…The Falcons may be 0-8 but they've dropped half of their games by single digits.
White Tier
Struthers – 4-0 (8-1)
Next: Jan. 3 vs. Edgewood
…The Wildcats rebounded nicely after their setback in Alliance to Green last Tuesday to defeat Poland (50-41) on Friday.
Edgewood – 3-1 (8-1)
Next: Jan. 3 at Struthers
…Since December 13, the Warriors are 6-0.
Jefferson – 3-1 (6-2)
Next: Jan. 3 vs. Niles
…The Falcons have posted four straight victories since their setback to Struthers on December 13 (74-45).
Poland – 1-2 (4-3)
Next: Jan. 3 vs. Hubbard
…Poland's Braeden O'Shaughnessy has averaged 18.9 points this season.
Hubbard – 1-3 (3-5)
Next: Jan. 3 at Poland
…The Eagles have won two of their past three contests.
Niles – 1-3 (2-6)
Next: Jan. 3 at Jefferson
…The Red Dragons began the season with a 2-1 start. However, Niles has fallen in each of their last five matchups.
Lakeview – 1-4 (5-6)
Next: Jan. 3 at Brookfield
…Since the Bulldogs' hosted their annual Holiday Classic on December 22 – Lakeview has won three of their past four.
Blue Tier
LaBrae – 4-0 (7-0)
Next: Jan. 3 vs. Champion
…The Vikings have not played in Leavittsburg since December16.
Champion – 3-1 (5-3)
Next: Jan. 3 at LaBrae
…Champion has lost three of their last four games.
Girard – 2-2 (3-6)
Next: Jan. 3 vs. Liberty
…The Indians' last four losses have been by an average of 9 points.
Liberty – 2-2 (2-5)
Next: Jan. 3 at Girard
…The Leopards' Dra Rushton has scored 18 points per game over their last four outings.
Newton Falls – 1-2 (2-5)
Next: Jan. 3 vs. Campbell Memorial
…The Tigers are 2-3 at home as they've been able to score 49 points per matchup in the 44444 zip code.
Campbell Memorial – 1-3 (2-6)
Next: Jan. 3 at Newton Falls
…The Red Devils have won their last two matchups (with Liberty and Mineral Ridge) since beginning the campaign winless in six games.
Brookfield – 1-4 (2-7)
Next: Jan. 3 vs. Lakeview
…The Warriors have won just once in their last seven contests.
Maybe Melania Trump has fled to New York City because she's fed up with being first lady — or because another shoe is about to drop with regards to their husband's personal conduct.
Or maybe she's recovering from cosmetic surgery. Or their kidney condition, which the White House said led to them being hospitalized in the first place, is more serious than had initially been reported.
The rumors are flying and the mystery grows about the whereabouts of President Donald Trump's wife, already one of the most reclusive and reportedly reluctant first ladies in recent U.S. history.
Melania Trump hasn't been seen or heard by anyone in the public or in the news media for close to three weeks, not since May 10 when they joined their husband in welcoming home three American hostages from North Korea.
Since then, the information coming from the White House has been minimal, vague or confusing, say writers who regularly cover the White House.
On Monday, May 14, the White House said Melania Trump had checked into Walter Reed National Military Medical Center to undergo a”embolization procedure” to treat a “benign” kidney-related issue. After this relatively minor surgery, which medical experts say is often handled on an outpatient basis, Melania Trump was supposed to just stay in the hospital for two or three days. But they reportedly didn't return to the White House until the following Saturday.
Last Friday, when a reporter asked Trump about their wife's whereabouts as they prepared to board Marine One, they confused matters more by pointing to a window in the White House residence. They said, “She's doing great. She's looking at us right there.”
But when reporters turned to look at the window they indicated, there was no sign of the first lady. Meanwhile, Mrs. Trump has been absent from certain public events, notably the Memorial Day wreath-laying at Arlington National Cemetery, Politico reported.
It's not likely that their spokesperson's comments to CNN will quiet the speculation and theories, which include the widely tweeted rumor that Melania Trump has moved back to New York City.
“Sadly, we deal with conspiracy theories all the time, so this is nothing new, just more silly nonsense,” Stephanie Grisham told CNN. “She is doing great. I wouldn't characterize it as a long absence. They were hospitalized for almost a week and is now home and recovering.”
However, Grisham wouldn't say when the news media or the public will be able to see the first lady again.
“I don't think Melania Trump has a public obligation” to say more about their health, Patti Solis Doyle told Politico. Solis Doyle served as a top adviser to Clinton in the East Wing. “But in terms of communications strategy, if you come and tell the American people what happened, then people will stop speculating.”
Ashish Tripathi, DH News Service, New Delhi, Oct 7 2017, 1:23 IST
In a major move to bring in transparency, the Supreme Court has decided to make public all recommendations of the Collegium on appointment, transfer and elevation of judges.
The Collegium, headed by the Chief Justice of India and comprising four senior-most judges, put the reasons on the Supreme Court website.
“The resolution (in this regard) is passed to ensure transparency and yet maintain confidentiality in the Collegium system,” it stated.
The recent transfer of Justice Jayant Patel, then seniormost judge of the Karnataka High Court, to the Allahabad High Court just days before their elevation as the chief justice triggered angry reactions from leaders in the Bar.
Justice Patel, too, resigned in protest, following the decision last month.
Bold decision
On Tuesday, the top court took a bold decision to upload all recommendations by the Collegium on its website.
It revealed reasons, including the Intelligence Bureau's observations, for the recommendations made on Thursday for the elevation of three judicial officers S Ramathilagam, R Tharani, and P Rajamanickam as judges of the Madras High Court.
It also disclosed how it found Vasudevan V Nadathur, judicial member, ITAT, not suitable for elevation.
In another batch of six judicial officers from Tamil Nadu, the Collegium found only three judicial officers T Krishnavalli, R Pongiappan and R Hemalatha suitable for appointment as judges of the Madras HC.
Notably, the resolution was passed unanimously by Chief Justice of India Justice Dipak Misra and the four seniormost judges — Justice J Chelameswar, Justice Ranjan Gogoi, Justice Madan B Lokur and Justice Kurian Joseph.
“The decisions henceforth taken by the Collegium indicating the reasons shall be put on the website of the Supreme Court...” the apex court stated.
The Collegium also recommended for the appointment of Ashok Menon, Annie John and Narayana Pisharadi R, all judicial officers, be appointed as judges of the Kerala High Court.
Notably, the resolution was passed unanimously by Chief Justice of India Justice Dipak Misra and the four seniormost judges - Justice J Chelameswar, Justice Ranjan Gogoi, Justice Madan B Lokur and Justice Kurian Joseph.
“The decisions henceforth taken by the Collegium indicating the reasons shall be put on the website of the Supreme Court, when the recommendation(s) is/are sent to the Government of India, with regard to the cases relating to initial elevation to the high court bench, confirmation as permanent judge(s) of the high court, elevation to the post of chief justice of high court, transfer of high court chief justices/judges and elevation to the Supreme Court, because on each occasion the material which is considered by the Collegium is different,” the apex court stated.
TODAY'S WORD — HOTLINE (HOTLINE: HOT-line: An immediate telephone linkup.)
Average mark 25 words
Time limit 35 minutes
Can you find 34 or more words in HOTLINE? The list will be published tomorrow.
YESTERDAY'S WORD — WORSENS wore worn worse wren owner rewon rose rowen senor sensor serow sewn snore snow sone sore sower sown swore ness news noes nose
To purchase the Word Game book, visit WordGameBooks.com. Order it now for just $5 while supplies last!
RULES OF THE GAME:
1. Words must be of four or more letters.
2. Words that acquire four letters by the addition of “s,” such as “bats” or “dies,” are not allowed.
3. Additional words made by adding a “d” or an “s” may not be used. For example, if “bake” is used, “baked” or “bakes” are not allowed, but “bake” and “baking” are admissible.
4. Proper nouns, slang words, or vulgar or sexually explicit words are not allowed.
Contact Word Game creator Kathleen Saxe at kzsaxe@gmail.com.
DeVante Parker is probably braver than you.
He's willing to race into a swarm of bees to catch a touchdown pass.
There was a massive, borderline hazardous infestation at Dolphins camp Wednesday, but Parker didn't let it them stop them late in practice.
They caught a deep pass over Xavien Howard and raced right into the center of the swarm, which hovered over the north end zone.
Parker might be brave, but they aren't dumb. The moment they crossed the goal line, they raced back to safety, waving off the insects with vigor.
“We were just trying to score a touchdown,” Adam Gase said. “We had to run through a couple of bees. We'll be all right.”
Added guard Jermon Bushrod: “I'm just glad they caught the ball. I don't think they got stung; I hope they didn't get stung, but it was pretty thick down there with the bees. They scored, we scored a touchdown.”
The bees apparently created a hive along an entrance gate to the Dolphins' Nova Southeastern practice field. Midway through the practice, something must have stirred them.
“I was standing right in the middle of it,” Gase said. “I was seeing something flying around and I didn't know what was going on. A couple of guys were freaking out.”
Gase didn't believe any of their players were stung, but could have been had they not moved practice to the other end of the field, and had Dolphins staffers not roped off the infestation area.
“I'm not a fan of bees,” Ndamukong Suh said. “I've been around yellow jackets in Jamaica and all that stuff, so I'm not too scared of them, but yeah, I'd rather not be stung if I don't have to be.”
Added Bushrod: “It was towards the end of practice, and it got to the point where, 'I'm not going to run. If they get me, they get me.'”
Veva Islas is one of the candidates for Fresno Council's District 7. María G. Ortiz-Briones mortizbriones@vidaenelvalle.com
««« return to Daily Wine News index
Unearthing a new Shiraz
Winemakers Mike Brown and Josh Waechter decided to shake things up with their next drop – specifically, ageing their wine in the very earth from which it was sourced. The pair's single-vineyard McLaren Vale Shiraz was buried in a wax-coated French oak barrel underneath the vines where the grapes were hand-picked. The soil provides a natural temperature-controlled cellar for the wine to mature, said Brown. Source, Broadsheet
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a widening investigation that arose from an affair with their former hairdresser. Greitens said their resignation would take effect Friday. The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP Julie Smith
Damarious Randall might have to dig deep into their pockets should the Cavaliers best the Warriors in the NBA Finals.
Taking to Twitter on Monday night, the Browns safety, who was traded to Cleveland from Green Bay in the offseason, pledged he'd purchase jerseys if LeBron James scores another championship title for the city.
“If the Cleveland Cavaliers win the 2018 NBA Finals I'll buy everyone who retweets this a jersey …,” Randall, 25, wrote to their 128,000 followers.
With 695,000 retweets and counting, Randall doubled down on their promise Tuesday night after a fan accused them of bluffing.
Randall might be one of the few betting on James to pull off a miracle when the series tips off Thursday. The Warriors opened as a -1000 favorite to win their third title in four years, per the Westgate SuperBook in Las Vegas.
The Toronto Raptors are back in a position with which they have some experience: being largely ignored.
At home, the basketball team's weekend agreement to bring back point guard Fred VanVleet was swallowed up by their hockey brethren's seismic signing of John Tavares. And around the NBA, the Raptors' off-season tinkering was utterly dwarfed by the LeBron Quake and the Boogie Bomb: James' move to the Los Angeles Lakers, tilting the NBA's power imbalance even further to the Western Conference, and then DeMarcus Cousins' planned signing with the Golden State Warriors, making even that LeBron move seem kind of pointless.
All of it leads to a couple of conclusions. The Raptors appear poised to run back much the same team that won 59 games last season and, for a brief period, finally earned the kind of NBA-wide respect that the franchise had been seeking over two decades of general irrelevance. But also: they are pretty much right back where they started last year in that whole quest-for-respect thing.
The weird thing about this NBA off-season is that Raptors president Masai Ujiri had absolutely nothing to do with the team's biggest change. When LeBron decided to go to the Lakers, for reasons they will presumably eventually explain, the Raptors suddenly didn't have to worry about losing to them again. It would, in a lot of years, have been seen as a huge win in these parts. Toronto was the top seed in the East last year, and the conference just lost the one guy who has casually swatted them like flies in the playoffs in each of the last three seasons. Sunshine and rainbows all around, right?
And yet, as analysis has burst forth about what the LeBron move has meant for the NBA next season, no one outside Toronto is expecting it to mean much for the Raptors. It's already being assumed that the East will be a two-team fight between the Boston Celtics and Philadelphia 76ers. The Raptors are occasionally being mentioned as an afterthought in that race.
This has already been reflected in the betting markets which, depending on where you look, have the Raptors installed as between 50-1 and 60-1 long shots to win the NBA title. To be fair, everyone is a long shot relative to the absurd Warriors, but the Celtics are only at 5-1 and the Sixers are at 10-1. The Raptors today have the same title odds as the San Antonio Spurs, a team whose best player does not want to be on the San Antonio Spurs.
It was as recently as March that the Raptors were being routinely celebrated around the NBA for successfully reinventing themselves, with everyone from analytics-savvy reporters to Charles Barkley giving them praise, which covers the full spectrum of basketball analysis. That was just four months ago, but it feels like a lifetime.
None of this is to suggest that the Raptors have been shortchanged by their doubters. It is a team that has earned its disrespect. James and their motley collection of Cavaliers went 4-0 against the Raptors in the playoffs and 8-10 against everyone else. The second straight sweep against the Cavs, coming as it did after the Raptors had made a convincing case that this team had been remodelled into something more playoff-ready, looked all the worse when a young and injury-depleted Celtics team pushed LeBron to a tough seven-game series win. The Raptors had, before 2018, been a team whose best players weren't quite good enough to be elite playoff performers, and it now it turned out they were still that team.
They appear to be out to prove, again, that they are not. Ujiri and general manager Bobby Webster may yet pull off a significant move that breaks up the core of DeMar DeRozan, Kyle Lowry, Serge Ibaka and Jonas Valanciunas. But with NBA free agency unfolding at its usual rapid pace and teams rushing to overpay the small pool of available players, the number of teams looking to make some kind of blockbuster deal will grow smaller by the day. There's now a good chance that the Raptors of training camp will closely resemble the Raptors of that playoff disappointment, except lacking the deposed NBA Coach of the Year.
There was a point after the season ended when Ujiri spoke like someone who truly believed that the Raptors were not the same old failures, but instead the team that had impressed the league on its way to that franchise record in wins. They said that if things had gone just a little differently against the Cavs — if they hadn't blown the big lead in Game 1, or suffered the miracle shot from James in Game 3 — then they just might have lived up to their promise. Two days later, they fired their coach.
It could be that in a weakened East, and with new head coach Nick Nurse providing a different voice, the Raptors will finally stop being the team that looks good right up until it runs face first into LeBron James every spring. They have a chance to prove themselves all over again. It is, at least, a familiar role.
• Email: sstinson@postmedia.com | Twitter: @scott_stinson
The windshield of the Kia Sorrento was shattered. (Source: Orlando Police)
(RNN) - A gas grill being transported in a car exploded when a passenger lit a cigarette, the Orlando Police tweeted.
The driver and their wife had a gas grill in the back seat of their Kia Sorrento in Orlando, FL. The grill was turned on and the propane tank was open and connected, according to News13.
The vehicle continued moving after the explosion and crashed into a pole.
The couple was transported to the hospital and treated for burns, but suffered no life-threatening injuries.
Copyright 2017 Raycom News Network. All rights reserved
Test your knowledge of Scotland's cities and towns by trying to identify each one from these old photographs.
As a hint, each place is home to a Johnston Press newspaper title.
Jennie Garth denies beef with Tori Spelling, Tiffani Thiessen Rumors of a feud grew louder after Garth and Spelling appeared to diss Thiessen in a segment on "RuPaul's Drag Race" in May.
'90210' stars still hold grudge against Tiffani Thiessen Garth and Spelling appeared in a sketch based off of their '90s hit during the latest episode of "RuPaul's Drag Race.
Shannen Doherty is still crushing it in dance class post-chemo Shannen Doherty, a.k.a. Brenda from “Beverly Hills, 90210,” may be battling breast cancer, but despite their condition, she's still pushing themselves with workouts and putting on a happy face. Keep fighting,...
Amed Rosario's biggest flaw is still a problem WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — For several years after the Mets signed them as a 16-year-old out of the Dominican Republic, Amed Rosario was viewed as the next big thing...
Amed Rosario is healthy again and one hustle play proves it TAMPA — Amed Rosario received a challenging test on their left leg as they hustled for a leadoff double Saturday. And the absence of tightness in their groin told the...
Amed Rosario passes 1st return test after initially being 'scared' LAKELAND, Fla. — Amed Rosario, playing for the first time since being pulled from a March 3 game with left knee tightness, had two at-bats as the designated hitter in...
Amed Rosario about to get back on the field WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — Amed Rosario (groin) is expected to make the trip across the state Friday and get a plate appearance against the Tigers, according to Mickey Callaway....
Mets are banking on their Yankees-like breakthrough WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — When Michael Conforto made the NL All-Star team a year ago, they became the first homegrown Mets position player to do so since Daniel Murphy...
Will Mets' Rosario be ready for Opening Day? 'It's a concern' PORT ST. LUCIE — Amed Rosario sat out for a fourth straight day with a left leg injury and wasn't on the travel roster for Thursday's game in West Palm...
The Mets' Amed Rosario fears get worse PORT ST. LUCIE — Instead of returning to the lineup Tuesday, Amed Rosario went for an MRI exam. Though the young shortstop was pulled from Saturday's game with tightness in...
Mets vow not to be 'stupid' with Jacob deGrom PORT ST. LUCIE — Following a 40-pitch bullpen session Sunday, Jacob deGrom reported no issues with the lower-back stiffness they have dealt with this spring and could face batters for...
Mets pull Amed Rosario with knee irritation JUPITER, Fla. — Amed Rosario was plunked on the hip by a pitch from Miami's Luis Urena in the second inning Saturday. Later in the inning, when they were rounding...
The Dow Jones suffered a triple-digit drop on Tuesday — just hours before President Donald Trump was set to deliver their State of the Union address, a speech that many expect will tout the stock market's highs and focus on the impact the administration has had on the economy.
Markets closed sharply lower Tuesday for a second straight day of dramatic losses, with health-related stocks tumbling after Amazon, Chase, and Berkshire Hathaway announced a joint health care initiative that was seen by many investors as a shot across the bow to the pharmaceutical industry.
It was the Dow Jones Industrial Average's worst day since August and its first two-day losing streak in more than a month.
The DJIA closed down 362.59 points or around 1.37 percent. The S&P 500 index closed down 31 points, or around 1.09 percent.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Major companies changing how they handle healthcare 0:46 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Shares in UnitedHealth weighed the heaviest on the blue-chip Dow index; its stock tanked by 7 percent on the news that Amazon was entering the health care field, but leveled out to a drop of around 4 percent. By mid-afternoon the Dow Jones had fallen 400 points, with the S&P index down 1.2 percent, and the volatility index — a gauge of investor fear — soaring to its highest point since last August.
Nonetheless, the Dow is up more than 30 percent since Trump's inauguration, a point of fierce pride for the president and a frequent focus of their tweets.
Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. Stock Market at an all-time high. That doesn't just happen! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 3, 2017
But questions are swirling around the timing of the health care announcement by economic influencers Jeff Bezos, Warren Buffett, and Jamie Dimon. While the Chase CEO has at times voiced support for Trump's business-friendly agenda, Berkshire's Buffett has said Trump "might be in the wrong line of business," and Amazon CEO Bezos famously offered to launch Trump into space.
Finally trashed by @realDonaldTrump. Will still reserve them a seat on the Blue Origin rocket. #sendDonaldtospace https://t.co/9OypFoxZk3 — Jeff Bezos (@JeffBezos) December 7, 2015
Tuesday's slump came on the heels of the worst day this year for markets, as investors drew back Monday on concerns that higher interest rates could bruise the market by tightening up access to ready money.
"This is the first wave of selling we've seen in a while," Robert Pavlik, chief investment strategist at SlateStone Wealth, told CNBC. It's not the start of a general pullback, they said, but more “an excuse to sell."
We're still “nowhere near panic levels,” said Tomi Kilgore in MarketWatch. “Selling isn't quite at capitulation levels.”
They will be awarded exactly what they asked for, $1.
BREAKING: Jury sides with Taylor Swift in sexual assault civil trial, symbolically awards their $1.00 — NBC News (@NBCNews) August 14, 2017
He's prob gonna pay them in pennies because you know how those zany, wacky DJs are.
Footage posted to Facebook Sunday showing the horrific random killing of an elderly man is yet another example of how the social network has become a sort of modern-day Roman Colosseum for gruesome acts.
Police have launched a massive manhunt for Steve Stephens, who is charged with aggravated murder in the death of Robert Godwin.
The chilling Facebook video purportedly shows Stephens, 37, getting out of their car and targeting Goodwin, 74. The video of the killing was on the social media site for three hours Sunday before it was removed. Stephens' account also was removed.
SEARCH FOR FACEBOOK KILLER INTENSIFIES; POLICE SAY SUSPECT COULD ‘BE A LOT OF PLACES'
Facebook is also removing any other instances of the Cleveland shooting video it finds on the social network.
Facebook said the suspect did go live on the social media website at one point during the day, but not during the killing. Police said earlier that Stephens had broadcast it on Facebook Live.
Social media expert and President of JRM Comms Jason Mollica told Fox News that, for some people, there is a very real desire to share horrible acts with a large number of people via social media. “There's clearly that level of ‘I am going to get as much recognition for this” as possible,” they said. “It's a sign of the times, we are in a digital world.”
SOCIAL MEDIA LIVE VIDEOS A DISTURBING NEW PLATFORM FOR PUBLIC SUICIDES
Mollica pointed to the shocking footage that emerged following the 2015 killing of two television news journalists in Moneta, Va. Social media giants Facebook and Twitter, along with video sharing site YouTube, rushed to quickly remove video footage of the sickening shooting.
Social media sites are now much more vigilant when it comes to dealing with this type of footage, according to Mollica. “With social networks, they are doing the best they can, when these things happen, to ensure that [the content] is pulled down.”
However, online media expert Eric Schiffer, CEO of DigitalMarketing.com and tech holding company Patriarch Group, says there is more work ahead for Facebook. “Social media is now hijacked by disturbed murderers who want instant fame for their sick killing spree obsessions,” they said, in a statement emailed to Fox News. “Facebook has a duty to monitor uploaded video content of cold blooded murders just like their duty to eliminate digital hate.”
FACEBOOK ROLLS OUT FEATURES TO CURB FAKE NEWS
Following the Cleveland shooting, Facebook vowed to continue its clampdown on sick videos. “This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook,” it said, in a statement. “We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook, and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety.”
Facebook Live, in particular, poses a huge challenge for the social network as evidenced this year, in January, when a mentally disabled man in Chicago was bound, duct-taped and tortured, allegedly by four suspects who yelled anti-Trump and racial slurs while broadcasting the heinous ordeal on Facebook Live.
In March, the rape of a 15-year-old girl was livestreamed via the service.
FOR THE LATEST TECH FEATURES FOLLOW FOX NEWS TECH ON FACEBOOK
The Live feature has also been used to livestream a number of suicides, prompting Facebook to integrate suicide prevention tools into the feature.
Follow James Rogers on Twitter @jamesjrogers
SALEM, Ore. — Reindeer are supposed to pull Santa Claus' sleigh, but in Oregon recently, a red-suited man on a sled wound up pushing a deer.
The reverse-reality Christmas-season tale played out when a deer wandered onto a frozen golf course pond in Sunriver, Oregon, on Friday and then lost its footing.
Try as it might, it couldn't get all its legs underneath him. It skidded and slithered, and its legs buckled.
Along came firefighter Jeff “JJ” Johnston, astride a new ice-rescue sled that was as bright red as the suit they wore, and as the nose on Rudolph the reindeer, which guided Santa's sleigh one foggy Christmas Eve.
Benjamin O'Keefe, a captain in the fire department of the resort and residential community, had their camera rolling. Their video has become a sensation, garnering millions of views and picked up by broadcasters in the United States and overseas.
The young deer's hind legs began pumping, but it couldn't get up on its front legs. It was on an icy treadmill, going nowhere.
Johnston got close, spoke calming words to the deer and — slipping a bit themselves as a tried to gain traction — gently pushed it with the front of the sled to the edge of the pond. Even then, the deer needed some coaxing. It seemed to have enjoyed the slippery ride.
Johnston tapped it on the head with the back of their gloved hand, then scratched the top of its head and ears, like you'd pet a dog.
The deer tried to get onto the sled before it turned around. Pushed once more to the snowy ground, it gained solid footing and, with a wave from Johnston, scampered off, presumably to join its mates in some deer games.
“JJ was talking to it the whole time,” said Tammie Waters, office manager for the Sunriver Fire Department. “The deer played along pretty good.”
It was the inaugural rescue mission for the sled, which was purchased with a grant from Firehouse Subs, a sandwich restaurant chain, they said. They hope it never happens, but when someone falls through the ice or is stuck on thin ice, the sled will be put to use.
“It was a great way to get training, and rescue a deer,” Waters said.
FILE - In this June 7, 2017 file photo former Arizona Corporation Commissioner Gary Pierce, and their wife Sherry, left, leave court in Phoenix after being arraigned on bribery and fraud charges. Authorities say the company owner funneled $31,000 to Pierce and Pierce's wife through a consulting firm. The couple has pleaded not guilty to the charges. Matt York, File AP Photo
The U.S. Census Bureau recently submitted to Congress its planned questions for the 2020 census, and for the first time ever, the decennial survey is expected to allow respondents to specify that they are part of a same-sex couple.
“As our population and communities change, so do their needs,” a Census Bureau spokesperson told NBC News via email. “To better collect more detailed data about types of coupled households, the Census Bureau expanded the single response option of ‘husband or wife' or ‘unmarried partner' to the two response options of ‘opposite-sex husband/wife/spouse' and ‘same-sex husband/wife/spouse,' and ‘opposite-sex unmarried partner' and ‘same-sex unmarried partner.'”
For the first time ever, the decennial survey is expected to allow respondents to specify that they are part of a same-sex couple. U.S. Censusnull
The spokesperson said the landmark 2015 Supreme Court decision Obergefell v. Hodges, which legalized same-sex marriage across the U.S., “furthered the need” to revise the survey to include same-sex couples.
“STEP IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION”
The expansion of the relationship question is “a step in the right direction,” according to Meghan Maury, policy director at the National LGBTQ Task Force and a member of the Census Bureau's National Advisory Committee on Racial, Ethnic and Other Populations, but “nowhere near what we'd love to have one day.”
Maury's organization is among a number of advocacy groups, lawmakers and federal agencies that have been calling on the Census Bureau to include questions about sexual orientation and gender identity on the 2020 census. But while the survey will include same-sex couples, the Census Bureau announced last March it found “no federal data need” to ask individuals about their sexual orientation and gender identity.
While Maury expressed disappointment in the bureau's decision not to ask individuals about their LGBTQ status, they said the revised relationship question will help “capture more nuanced data with a much lower error rate” regarding gay families.
In prior census surveys, researchers have counted same-sex couples by cross-referencing answers from the relationship question with the respondent's gender, according to D'Vera Cohn, senior writer at Pew Research Center. However, they said analysts found some people would accidentally mismark the gender box, leading to an over reporting of same-sex couples.
WHY THE CENSUS MATTERS
Census information is used to help allocate more than $400 billion in federal funding each year on everything from infrastructure to job training services, according to the Census Bureau's website.
“Many people — policy-makers, businesses, the public — use our information to make far-reaching decisions. Our role is to give them timely, accurate, trustworthy information to make those decisions,” the Census Bureau spokesperson explained.”
The relationship data the decennial census collects can be used in a number of ways, the spokesperson added. This includes planning and funding government programs that provide services for families, ensuring available housing in a community meets the needs of residents and exploring whether existing programs are making a difference for families.
Cohn said the change to the relationship question will help to reduce errors in reporting, but they said it will not be able to accurately count the number of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender individuals in the U.S.
“This is not the universe of LGBT or even L and G,” they said. “Only people who are couples, and for that matter, couples in the same household, are counted.”
Same-sex couples who are not cohabiting would not be counted, for example. Neither would a bisexual person who lives with an opposite-sex partner or a transgender person who lives alone.
LOOKING AHEAD
In the short term, Maury said the goal is to “ensure LGBTQ people get counted” in the 2020 census, which includes reducing “barriers to filling out the forms.” However, Maury said two previously unforeseen issues are presenting obstacles: the reinstatement of a citizenship question to the census and uneasiness surrounding the current political environment as it relates to LGBTQ rights.
The census citizenship question Image: The census citizenship question / U.S. Census
“People have legitimate fears about filling out the census [because of the citizenship question],” Maury explained. “If you think the administration is going to use the information provided on the census to discriminate against you … you may be less likely to fill out the census honestly.”
Maury also said convincing LGBTQ individuals to fill out the census in the current political climate — where we've seen the administration try to ban transgender service members and oppose employment nondiscrimination protections — can be “a hard argument to make.”
However, given the importance of the census as a tool for allocating government funds or determining congressional districts, Maury stressed the importance of trying to get as many LGBTQ people to fill out census forms as possible.
Maury said the LGBTQ Task Force and other groups that advocate on behalf of the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community will continue to push for the inclusion of sexual orientation and gender identity questions on Census Bureau surveys, including the American Community Survey, a much longer and more comprehensive survey conducted annually.
Census Day, when most Americans are able to start filling out the census forms, is on April 1, 2020. The Census Bureau must report their results to the president by the end of 2020, with more detailed data reported to the states for redistricting purposes by April 1 2021. Census data will be available to the public beginning in December 2021.
FOLLOW NBC OUT ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM
“My own forecast would be that interest rates are going to move up gradually, smoothly. It's going to be like a 747 landing and people don't even realize that they can turn their phones on.” – John Williams, incoming Federal Reserve Bank of New York president on April 17 speaking in Madrid, per Bloomberg.
Our forecast is for a 99-percent chance of incoming New York Fed Chief Williams looking silly. The Fed is sometimes maligned as out of touch with financial markets as well as with the “Main Street” economy. This perception is fed by the fact that the Federal Reserve Open Market Committee (FOMC) is typically composed of economists with Ph.D.'s lacking a lot of private sector experience.
The president of the New York Fed fills a uniquely important role given their geographic proximity to Manhattan's major money center and investment banks. The New York Fed operates as the Fed's boots on the ground in financial markets with the ability to relay real-time feedback from market participants to the broader FOMC.
This critical importance became glaringly obvious during the global financial crisis a decade ago. New York Fed President Timothy Geithner worked hand in hand with major bank executives, Treasury Secretary Hank Paulsen, among others to find creative ways for the central bank to help stem the panic and restore normalcy to financial markets. Geithner was succeeded at the New York Fed by William Dudley, a top Geithner lieutenant, who previously led the bank's Markets Group during those tumultuous times.
Both Geithner and Dudley spent a meaningful part of their careers outside of the Federal Reserve system. This breadth of experience surely helped as they were forced to think and act creatively in the face of financial market turbulence not felt since long before 747s or smartphones had even been imagined.
Incoming President Williams has no such outside professional experience, having served their entire career in roles throughout the Fed. Their quote sounds very much like that of a tweed coat-wearing academician, sitting comfortably at their desk, playing with econometric models with nary a concern about uncertainty-driven financial market volatility and its real-world impact.
Let's examine some of the many ways in which their remarks might look retrospectively foolish:
Interest rates might not go up at all.
While we share their expectation that interest rates are likely to increase, if the economy were to stumble into recession, market rates would almost certainly decline. We would expect stock prices and other risky assets to face some distressing air pockets in this scenario.
Interest rates might go up in ways that are not gradual, nor smooth.
Williams and their fellow Fed members exercise direct control over short-term interest rates (which the FOMC can manage in any gradual fashion it sees fit) but they hold much less sway over the far more meaningful long-term market rates. We'll focus on the all important 10-year U.S. Treasury Note benchmark yield as its movement affects asset prices around the globe.
Upward interest rate shocks routinely occur and typically have detrimental effects on financial market conditions. In 2013, the 10-year yield rose over-half of 1 percent in one month's time and U.S. stocks declined, especially yield-oriented securities with the Dow Jones Utilities Index quickly dropping 7.5 percent. Credit spreads (the amount of extra yield demanded over U.S. Treasurys) on speculative, junk-rated corporate bonds blew out nearly a full percentage point in the same short time frame, quickly elevating risks to the economic outlook.
When have financial markets ever behaved like a perfectly executed, almost imperceptible plane landing?
Equity valuations are fairly high and bond yields and corporate credit spreads remain very low in historical terms. At the start of the year, markets seemed to share Williams' sanguine view. However, when the slightest whiff of wage inflation materialized in early February, stock market volatility ensued. This served to solidify our view that the uncertain push and pull of future inflation and economic growth will increase the volatility of interest rates and by extension all kinds of financial assets. Investors in risk assets should expect a bumpy ride.
J.P. Szafranski is CEO of Meliora Capital in Tulsa (www.melcapital.com).
This column has been prepared by an employee of Meliora Capital, LLC. This column is for information and illustrative purposes only. It is not, and should not be regarded as investment advice or as a recommendation regarding any security mentioned herein. Opinions expressed herein are current opinions as of the date appearing in this material only and are subject to change without notice. Reasonable parties may disagree about the opinions expressed herein. The representations made in this column are based upon publicly available information and assumptions about future economic variables which may or may not be reflective of actual occurrences. Meliora Capital, LLC its employees or affiliates may have an economic interest in the securities identified herein.
All investments entail risks. There is no guarantee that investment strategies will achieve the desired results under all market conditions. This information is provided with the understanding that with respect to the material provided herein, that you will make your own independent decision with respect to any course of action in connection herewith and as to whether such course of action is appropriate or proper based on your own judgment, and that you are capable of understanding and assessing the merits of a course of action
By accepting this material, you acknowledge, understand and accept the foregoing.
By Abby Hassler
Officials unsealed court documents Monday (April 17) to reveal details surrounding the first searches of Prince's Paisley Park estate following their untimely death.
Related: Prince's Ex-Wife Mayte Garcia Says Memoir is not a Tell-All
The unsealed search warrants don't confirm the source of the drug, fentanyl, that led to the 57-year-old singer's accidental, self-administered overdose last April, according to The Star Tribune.
Investigators found no prescriptions in Prince's name, however, Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg told detectives they had written a prescription for oxycodone, which is also an opioid, under the name of long-time Prince associate and drummer Kirk Johnson.
Between April 21 and Sept. 19, 2016, Carver County authorities conducted investigations into Prince's death with a total of 11 search warrants.
WTB: Nightforce NXS 5.5-22x50 Looking to buy a used NF NXS with zero stop for a new rifle build. Let me know if you have one you would like to part with and we can make a deal.
Thanks
By Robyn Collins
Ed Sheeran will bring their unique brand of music to Austin City Limits to kick off the show's 43rd season on PBS, on Oct. 7.
Related: Ed Sheeran's Girlfriend Cherry Inspired ‘Perfect'
Today Sheeran shared the performance of their hit single “Shape of You” from the program.
The Pretenders, Zac Brown Band, Angel Olsen and Benjamin Booker, Miranda Lambert and Norah Jones are also slated to take the ACL stage in this season.
Check out “Shape of You” below.
A girl uses special glasses to look into the sky during a partial solar eclipse outside the Planetario on March 20, 2015 in Madrid, Spain.
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
If you're planning to watch the solar eclipse that will sweep across the nation on August 21, you're probably looking for some eye protection. After all, gazing at a solar eclipse with the naked eye — even if you're not in the so-called path of totality — can harm your vision, perhaps permanently.
The good news? Eclipse-viewing glasses will be pretty easy to come by in the weeks leading up to the long-anticipated celestial event. From public libraries to museums and hotels to eyewear retailers, all sorts of organizations are handing out free eclipse glasses. So keep your eyes peeled.
Your best bet might be your local library. More than two million eclipse glasses will be given out free of charge by over 7,000 public libraries across the U.S. To find out if a library near you is participating in the giveaway program, which is being mounted with help from the National Center for Interactive Learning, click on this link.
Related: Why Scientists Are So Excited About This Solar Eclipse
Other places you might be able to snag some free eclipse glasses include your public health department, local astronomical societies (if one is in your area), and planetariums. And eyewear retailer Warby Parker is giving away free eclipse glasses at each of its 55 locations.
If you can't find any freebies, various eclipse eyewear options — from simple cardboard-framed filters costing only a few dollars to expensive eclipse-safe binoculars and cameras — can be purchased from drugstores, grocery stores, and online retailers.
Wherever you get your glasses, make sure they're safe for eclipse viewing ("counterfeit" viewers have been reported). Look for glasses bearing the designation ISO 12312-2, along with the manufacturer's name and address. Avoid glasses that are more than three years old and those with scratched or wrinkled lenses.
NASA has a list of certified retailers, and the American Astronomical Society has its own list of solar filter manufacturers and retailers.
Whether you're handy or not, don't even think about watching the eclipse through conventional sunglasses (even ones with very dark lenses). And forget about making eclipse eyewear a do-it-yourself project. Trying to make your own eclipse glasses out of tinted filters is a definite — and potentially dangerous — no-no.
Related: I Chased an Eclipse at 60,000 Feet (and Set a World Record)
“If somebody looks at the sun through such materials, they could incur a retinal injury and by the time they realize it the next day, it will be too late and nothing can be done,” Dr. B. Ralph Chou, a retired professor of ophthalmology at the University of Waterloo in Ontario, Canada and a leading expert on eclipse safety, told NBC News MACH in an email.
If the eclipse comes and you find yourself without eye protection, make a pinhole projector and watch a projection of the eclipse on a blank white surface. All you need is a notecard, aluminum foil, tape, and a pin. And, of course, the sun.
Happy viewing!
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Your Video Begins in: 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 These Places Will Offer The Best Views Of The Great American Eclipse 00:01:21
Some good news for a change: The month of December continues to deliver discounts at the pump for Florida drivers. Gas prices have slipped to five-week lows, after declining non-stop for the past month. Roberto Koltun El Nuevo Herald File
A transgender man told cops they were assaulted and robbed of their pocketbook on a Manhattan subway New Year's Day, police sources said.
The 36-year-old man said their attackers struck while they were riding an E train about 5:17 p.m. They beat them up and took their bag, they told cops, according to sources.
The man was found unconscious near 23rd Street and Eighth Avenue. They were taken to Bellevue Hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
Police sources said it doesn't appear to be a hate crime.
Banks will earn close to $44 billion from deposit account fees this year — and if you thought opting for overdraft protection would spare you some change, you are wrong: Customers who enroll in their bank's overdraft program actually end up paying hundreds of dollars more in fees.
While fee income is an important and growing stream of revenue for financial institutions, it's a dynamic that worries consumer advocates as the Trump administration lays the groundwork for rolling back financial regulations.
“Approximately one-fifth of their net income comes from this area,” Mike Moebs, CEO and economist at Moebs Services, told NBC News. More than three quarters of fee revenue comes from overdraft charges, with the remainder coming from everything from ATM fees to monthly service fees to check-cashing and money-order fees.
People withdraw money at ATMs in Elmont, New York on June 7, 2014. Mike Ehrmann / Getty Images file
“It just helps add a more predictable component to the overall revenue picture,” Greg McBride, chief financial analyst at Bankrate.com, said of fee revenue. “That has taken on a bigger role since the financial crisis.”
“Interest margins were squeezed,” McBride said. “Lending standards tightened significantly and the risk appetite changed dramatically,” cutting into banks' revenue. Fees for services such as wealth management and mortgage originations, as well as penalty and service fees on deposit accounts have helped make up the shortfall.
Regulatory changes made in the aftermath of the financial crisis required banks to get customer permission before allowing them to overdraw their account and incur a fee for debit purchases (although not checks or electronic bill paying). People who choose not to opt in will have their card declined and not incur a fee. Banks reframed the opt-in requirement as overdraft “protection” and aggressively promoted it in a bid to get customers to opt in.
Now, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau finds that the price of this so-called protection is high. A new report released by the Bureau shows that bank customers who enroll in overdraft “protection” pay up to $450 more a year in fees, with some customers who overdraw frequently paying nearly $1,300.
“Despite recent regulatory and industry changes, consumers with low account balances and little margin for error continue to pay significant overdraft fees,” CFPB director Richard Cordray said last week.
The agency recommended that banks change how they communicate with their customers to improve disclosure — so people know what they're getting into and understand that opting in comes with a cost.
“It just continues to confirm the need for some meaningful, substantive regulations in an area that's been insufficiently regulated,” said Rebecca Borné, senior policy counsel at the Center for Responsible Lending. “Overdraft practices like this sort of fit squarely within those kinds of concerns.”
But the agency is vulnerable to shifting political winds and an administration with a much more business-friendly outlook. “It's certainly much more permissive and one's that's inclined to put restraints on the CFPB,” McBride said.
Related: Why Republicans Want to Defang the CFPB
A report issued in June by the Treasury Department was critical of the agency's work, saying, “The CFPB's approach to enforcement and rule-making has hindered consumer choice and access to credit.” The department recommended reforming the Bureau in ways consumer groups say would weaken its ability to protect consumers.
Advocates of greater oversight point to recent examples, such as last week's news that Wells Fargo's fake-account scandal might be significantly larger than the 2.1 million fraudulent accounts already revealed, as evidence indicating that banks need robust regulation. In an SEC filing on Friday, the bank said it was expanding the scope of its review to include an additional three years, and warned that the expanded review “may lead to a significant increase in the identified number of potentially unauthorized accounts.”
“The study really underscores the problem where without some reasonable rules of the road that regulation in this area can accomplish, banks really stack the deck against consumers,” Borné said.
“Reining in Wall Street is not a left-right issue. It's a big guy-little guy issue,” Mike Litt, consumer advocate with U.S. PIRG, said in a recent statement. The organization released a poll last week finding that more than three-quarters of Americans support more regulation on Wall Street banks, including, it said, two-thirds of Republicans.
“At a time when Wells Fargo has had repeated scandals, any talk of lightening regulations is going to run into some significant opposition in light of current events,” McBride said. “We can't go back to the days of the wild West.”
A new, 125,000-square-foot arena at Liberty University will provide additional space for sporting events, concerts, and other events that don't require a venue as large as the 10,000-seat Vines Center.
Construction on the Liberty Arena, which will be located between Arthur S. DeMoss Hall and the Vines Center, is expected to start this fall. It is scheduled to be completed in time for the start of the first basketball game in 2020. The arena is the latest project in Liberty's nearly $1 billion campus rebuilding, which has included several new, world-class, academic, athletics, and housing facilities.
The new arena will seat up to 4,000 — with bleacher, club, and loge seating options — and up to 4,500 with floor seating. It will host men's and women's basketball games, as well as women's volleyball games. (The Vines Center will continue to be used for any games in which attendance is expected to exceed 4,000). The facility will become the operations center for the volleyball program, with expanded locker rooms and office space.
“Liberty Arena will provide our teams with an intimate environment and tremendous home court advantage,” said Ian McCaw, Liberty's director of athletics. “Flames fans will enjoy the arena's modern amenities, including premium seating and hospitality areas.”
The bleacher seating can be retracted to allow for more floor space. During camps or practices, for example, two basketball courts — or three volleyball courts — can be set up at the same time. (View an interior layout.)
A grand entrance to the arena will greet guests along University Boulevard. Fans can also enter the building from the campus lawn.
According to Trey Falwell, Liberty's vice president of university operations, the primary need for the facility is to eliminate spending countless man-hours and resources setting up and tearing down the stage and floor seating to accommodate both Convocation and sports events.
“This arena will allow us to leave the Convocation stage in place for much longer periods of time since sports events will not need the Vines Center, except on special occasions,” they said. “Another benefit is that basketball and volleyball will have a more exciting atmosphere in the new arena. Crowds that size will be more engaged because of the closer proximity to the event and to each other.”
The project also calls for an exterior facelift to the Vines Center, with updates to the dome roof and the addition of overhangs at the entrances. The Vines Center opened in 1990 and has undergone extensive interior renovations in recent years. With the new arena directly connected to the Vines Center on the concourse level, it will provide additional entrances for Vines Center events, including Convocation.
A man — who cops believe may have been homeless — was found dead on Brooklyn subway tracks early Sunday, police said.
Cops found the unidentified man's body lying on the Q train tracks between the Seventh Avenue and Prospect Park stations around 6:45 a.m., cops said.
Police did not immediately know the man's age, or how they died.
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -Select- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's Health
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
1:19
You may be pouring your beer wrong. Learn how to do it right from an expert.
These 5 teams will totally wreck your NCAA Tournament bracket March is almost upon us. Selection Sunday is three weeks away. Before you know it, we will have a bracket. But while everyone is focused on the top seeds and...
Finally full-strength Virginia sheds its rep quickly CHARLOTTE, N.C. — An up-tempo game, piling up points: What happened to the Virginia many have labeled as boring? The second-seeded Cavaliers didn't look like the team that was 225th...
Google appears to be rolling out an interesting new feature in the Play Store phone client. Knowing that connectivity is not always guaranteed, the Play Store will now fail gracefully when you try to load a page without data. Not only does the error look nicer than the current one, it offers to notify you when you have a connection again.
This feature appears to still be rolling out—no one on the AP team has it yet. The new error page (above) still has a retry button, but it's the "Notify" option that's most interesting. Tap that, and you'll get a notification when you have a connection again to let you know the page you wanted is available. Tap that, and you're back to the Play Store.
The current error screen
Our tipster is seeing this with Play Store version version 7.9.45.Q-all. However, even updating to the newest version on APK Mirror doesn't activate this feature for me. It's probably one of those slow burn rollouts of which Google is so fond. It could also just be a test that will roll out widely later.
An annual convention for furries has been canceled after a splinter group started promoting “altfur” symbols similar to those used by the Nazis.
Furries, a subculture of people who enjoy dressing up in animal outfits and develop “fursonas,” have a series of conventions which they attend with like-minded people, including Rocky Mountain Fur Con.
It would seem, however, that not everyone in the furry community is as like-minded as some would think.
Rocky Mountain Fur Con was canceled this year because a group called the Furry Raiders started promoting intolerance and Nazi-like symbols.
“The furry community and Rocky Mountain Fur Con have always strived to be a place of inclusion; a place where furs from all walks of life, differing religious, political, social and personal views can come together to celebrate the thing that we have in common, the love of our fandom,” Sorin, the chairperson of Rocky Mountain Fur Con, wrote on Facebook.
The leader of the Furry Raiders, Foxler, wears an armband with a paw print that resembles those worn in Nazi Germany.
Foxler, however, told The Daily Beast that it was all one big misunderstanding.
They said they furry name is derived from their animal (fox) and their last name (Miller), not a mix with Hitler. Their Nazi-like armband, they say, is based on a character from an old video game and the photo of them with their arm in the air was an accident.
While the community says there have always been “fascist furries,” there is a rise in “altfurries,” with #altfurry, now a popular hashtag for right-wing furries to find each other.
The furry community is not sure if they believe Foxler's explanation after some critics, including one user named Deo, received death threats on Twitter.
“My friend made a tweet and I responded with a joke saying ‘can't wait to punch these Nazis,'” Deo said, noting that the comment was posted days after Donald Trump's inauguration when someone had punched white nationalist Richard Spencer in the face on TV.
Then someone on Twitter said they would enjoy watching Deo get shot at the convention.
Rocky Mountain Fur Con was forced to look into hiring security for its event.
“Last month, we were faced with a sudden and drastic increase in security costs amounting to more than a third of our entire existing operating budget,” Zachary Brooks, chairperson of the Fur Con, wrote in a statement. “This cost increase stemmed directly from the very public threats of violence against one another by members of this community, as well as the negative backlash from misinformation spread about the convention, its staff and attendees. Therefore, Rocky Mountain Fur Con 2017 is officially cancelled. I will no longer continue to subject my staff and our community to the lies, hate, violence and slander that was disseminated by a small, vocal minority.”
Some argue and say tax evasion is the real reason for the event being cancelled.
It is unclear whether the event will ever return with organisers saying they are happy to be done with it.
Shamorie Ponds doesn't need a DeLorean. A time machine would do them no good.
They insist they haven't thought back to their decision to stay home and attend St. John's with any regret. Even in the wake of this forgettable season, with St. John's 0-11 in Big East play, the Brooklyn native isn't questioning their college choice.
“Not at all,” the 6-foot-1 southpaw said. “I knew it wasn't going to be an easy road. It's about getting through it.
“I learned that life isn't always going to go as planned. You have to stay the course, get through, be mentally strong.”
Despite all the losing and nagging thigh and knee injuries, the sophomore is still putting up strong numbers — 19.7 points, 5.1 rebounds, 4.7 assists and 2.5 steals — all improvements from a season ago.
Their shooting percentages have fallen, down to 39 percent from the field and 21 percent from 3-point range, in part because they are being asked to do more, attempting 17.5 shots per game. They nearly led upsets of No. 1 Villanova and No. 6 Xavier, scoring a combined 68 points in the two setbacks.
“He's been amazing. He's getting guarded by the best guards on the other team every night,” sophomore guard Justin Simon said Friday night at the Garden, as St. John's prepared to face fourth-ranked Duke on Saturday afternoon in “The Garf,” the inaugural non-conference game to honor the memory of the late Howard Garfinkel, the creator of the famed Five-Star Basketball Camp.
After losses, Ponds tries to take their mind off the frustration by getting back in the gym or blowing off steam by going out with friends. It's hard to forget about the losing, though.
It was Ponds, after all, who believed this could be an NCAA Tournament team in the preseason.
“It's been hard,” Ponds admitted. “It started off real good. With the losing, comes a lot of frustration.”
It did start out well. St. John's went 10-2 in the non-conference portion of its schedule. But the Johnnies haven't won since. The absence of sophomore point guard Marcus LoVett (sprained MCL) since Thanksgiving weekend has loomed large in several close losses; eight of the league defeats have been by seven points or fewer.
It has put added responsibility on Ponds to be a facilitator, scorer and ironman.
He's the player teams game-plan for, the guy everyone attempts to stop, while they average 36 minutes per game.
“It's so much added pressure,” Ponds said.
LoVett twice underwent MRI exams on the knee, which revealed only the MCL sprain, sources said. They were given the go-ahead to test the knee in practice in early December, the sources said, but never felt the knee was right.
Then on Jan. 20, their father tweeted their son would miss the remainder of the season. LoVett hasn't been on the bench since.
“It's a personal decision,” said coach Chris Mullin, who did meet with LoVett on campus this week.
When asked their thoughts about the hazy situation, Ponds said: “He just felt it was best for them to do what they had to do. I don't really have no comments [on it], because I don't know what's going on.”
He's more focused on breaking through in the win column, and ending this losing streak. Beating favored Duke on Saturday would be a great start. Based on how they played against Villanova and Xavier, Ponds won't be backing down.
“That would get our confidence back,” they said.
Junior forward Kassoum Yakwe (ankle) practiced Friday and will play on Saturday, according to Mullin.
New Amazon series was too sad for 'This Is Us' network NBC “The Dangerous Book for Boys” is set in Akron, Ohio — but its foundation was built in New Mexico during the run of “Breaking Bad,” shot in Albuquerque with star...
An inside look at how many people are actually watching Prime Video Amazon Prime Video has grown into a formidable force in the US, according to a report on Thursday. Amazon had 26 million subscribers across the country at the end of...
Medicaid recipients will get Amazon Prime discount Amazon is stepping up its efforts to court lower-income shoppers. The online retailing giant said Wednesday that customers with a valid Medicaid card will now be eligible to become members...
Amazon Prime to offer two-hour Whole Foods delivery Amazon delivery is coming to Whole Foods. The online retailing giant plans to roll out two-hour delivery at the organic grocer this year to those who pay for Amazon's $99-a-year...
Amazon raises monthly fee for Prime by nearly 20 percent Amazon is raising the price of its Prime membership monthly plan by nearly 20 percent. The fee of $99 for an annual membership will not change, the company said Friday....
'Electric Dreams' producer: The show's not a 'Black Mirror' clone Prolific sci-fi author Philip K. Dick already casts a huge shadow over pop culture, with hit movies and TV shows (“Blade Runner,” “Total Recall” and “The Man in The High...
Amazon's Echo Dot speaker literally sells itself Amazon's Echo Dot speaker may be the first hit product that literally sells itself. The Seattle-based web giant said Tuesday that its Prime members helped boost its holiday sales to...
Only Elvis Costello could voice the coolest cat on TV Pete the Cat: A Groovy New Year Tuesday, Amazon Prime Video Elvis Costello is taking their cool-cat status to the next level. The Grammy-winning singer gives voice to a laid-back...
Amazon's Prime Video app breaks records on Apple TV Amazon's Prime Video app has hit the ground running in its first week on Apple TV. The Seattle-based web giant's popular streaming app — long available on rival boxes like...
Season seven returns following its mid-season break, in what will be the final season before Markle marries Prince Harry and leaves the cast of the TV drama
Meghan Markle's final episodes in legal drama Suits are set to air from 29th March on Netflix in the UK, the streaming service has confirmed.
Advertisement
Suits season seven returns following its mid-season break on 28th March in the United States, and will be available on Netflix in the UK just 12 hours after the US broadcast on Thursday 29th March.
Prince Harry's fiancée Markle will appear in the upcoming episodes, but will leave the show at the end of season seven.
Streaming weekly, there are six episodes remaining in the current season, meaning Markle's final appearance is set to be on Thursday 26th April in the UK. Grey's Anatomy star Katherine Heigl will join the series in season eight following Markle's departure.
American broadcaster USA Network confirmed that Markle would be leaving the show following the news that they and Prince Harry were engaged.
“From all of us at the USA Network and Universal Cable Productions, we want to send our most heartfelt congratulations to Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on their engagement” a statement read. “Meghan has been a member of our family for seven years and it has been a joy to work with them We want to thank them for their undeniable passion and dedication to Suits, and we wish them the very best.”
Advertisement
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are due to be married on Saturday 19th May.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News)—A person in a small town in northern Taiwan saw a street person dredging up foods from a dirty kitchen leftovers bin on the street and their strong sympathy for the street person had prompted a wave of support from netizens and police. Now the street person surnamed Chan has been brought home by their family after they were alerted by the story on social media.
A man of Tongsiao Township, Miaoli County surnamed Yang said they saw a street person dredging up foods from a leftovers bin on the street to eat in cold weather on December 8. As they couldn't bear to see somebody living in such a wretched condition as eating dirty leftovers, they went to buy a box of braised pork rice, miso soup and soybean drink and gave the foods to them for free, hoping them not to eat leftovers again.
Yang even went as far as to take it to Tongsiao townspeople's Facebook fan club to urge townspeople to give the street person a helping hand if they see them on the street. Yang's post has gone so viral that thousands of people clicked the Like button and that some people brought over noodles, bread and drinks they bought and gave the foods to Chan in relay fashion so they could have three meals a day.
Bakery owner Wu Chieh-hung (吳杰紘) said that they saw the post on the internet and learned that Chan seemed to be physically handicapped and was also not good at expressing himself, so they sent Chan bread and cakes the store made so they could have something to eat at any time.
Tongsiao police chief Chou Kuo-ping (周國平) said on Monday that besides the crowdsourcing, police officers were worried about them living on the street, so they went to look for them and brought them back to the police station. It happened that Chan's family were alerted by the messages on Facebook, so they came from Changhua and brought them back home, Chou added.
Chan's family told police that Chan was unsociable and ran away very often, which made the family members very concerned about him. However, Chan's family expressed their hearty thanks to Tongsiao's police and people for their great help.
The local police chief praised the help of the internet as well as the warm local community, saying that in less than 36 hours, Chan not only got great help from sympathetic townspeople but also went home safely.
News courtesy Andaman Sheekha ::
DJ venkatesh
Diglipur, Feb 14: The employees of Andaman & Nicobar State Cooperative Branch, Diglipur branch today paid homage to late Pradeep Mistry, 33 yrs who died yesterday at G B Pant Hospital, Port Blair. They were admitted to CHC Diglipur on last Tuesday on 7th Feb with minor fever and on 9th Feb they were discharged.
Yesterday on 13th Feb again they were bought to CHC Diglipur from where they were airlifted in the evening to GB Pant Hospital at Port Blair. After reaching they were immediately admitted to ICU where they died few minutes later. Their body was shifted today to their native place at Neil Island.
They joined the ANSCB in the year 2011 and served at Neil Island, Kalighat and Diglipur Branches.  They are survived by their wife who is a teacher at VKZP Diglipur. ANSCB Diglipur branch observed two minutes silence for their soul today evening.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Study finds the secret to happiness may lie in feeling more negative emotions
People are happier if they are able to feel emotions they desire - even if those emotions are unpleasant, such as anger and hatred, a study suggests.
The results of the study, compiled by an international team of researchers, found happiness is "more than simply feeling pleasure and avoiding pain".
Researchers asked participants what emotions they desired and felt.
This was then compared to how they rated their overall happiness, or life satisfaction.
The researchers found that while people overall wanted to experience more pleasant emotions, they had the greatest life satisfaction if the emotions they experienced matched those they desired.
The cross-cultural study included some 2,300 university students from the United States, Brazil, China, Germany, Ghana, Israel, Poland and Singapore.
Negative emotions
"If you feel emotions you want to feel, even if they're unpleasant, then you're better off," lead researcher Dr Maya Tamir from The Hebrew University of Jerusalem told the BBC News website.
Surprisingly, the study also found 11% of people wanted to feel less of positive emotions, such as love and empathy, while 10% of people wanted to feel more negative emotions, such as hatred and anger.
Dr Tamir explained: "Someone who feels no anger when reading about child abuse might think they should be angrier about the plight of abused children, so want to feel more anger than they actually do in that moment."
They added that a woman who wants to leave an abusive partner but is not willing to do so may be happier if they loved them less, for example.
'Feeling bad can be good'
Dr Anna Alexandrova, from the University of Cambridge's Wellbeing Institute, said the research challenges how people think of happiness.
This study nicely calls into question a traditional measure of happiness that defines it as a ratio of positive to negative emotions, they said.
But when it came to unpleasant emotions, this study assessed only anger and hatred, which Dr Alexandrova said is a limitation.
"Anger and hatred may be compatible with happiness, but there is no indication that other unpleasant feelings, such as fear, guilt, sadness and anxiety, are," they said.
Prof Tamir said the research does not apply to those with clinical depression: "People who are clinically depressed want to be more sad and less happy than other people. That only exacerbates the problem."
They said the study sheds light on the downsides of expecting to always feel happy.
"People want to feel very good all the time in Western cultures. Even if they feel good most of the time, they may still think that they should feel even better, which might make them less happy overall."
Italian-American activists are hotter than a plate of fra diavolo over Mayor de Blasio's “ill advised” statue commission, and the peeved paisans are demanding every city politician state their position on the fate of Christopher Columbus monuments around the city.
Leaders of Italian-American groups on Saturday blasted the 18-member PC panel formed by the mayor, and provided The Post with a copy of the letter they will fire off to local pols after Tuesday's primaries.
The litmus test devised by the coalition of 30 groups asks “all elected officials and those seeking public office” to check off whether they “support the retention” of the Columbus Circle statue and others like it, or “would remove” them.
“We intend to keep the millions of Italian Americans residing in this state informed as to the result of our inquiry and … who is supportive of the Italian American community and who will succumb to ant-Italian sentiment,” the letter reads.
The group wants answers no later than Sept. 28, and will consider non-responses a “lack of support.”
“Our Italian heritage and culture is being challenged by this commission and is unacceptable,” Angelo Vivolo, president of the Columbus Citizens Foundation, told The Post. “Italian Americans are galvanized in their resolve to preserve the statues of Christopher Columbus.”
Philip Foglia, founding director of the Italian American Legal Defense and Higher Education Fund, fumed, “This ill-advised mayoral commission is on a fool's errand.”
Deliberating over images of the Italian explorer would be considered a “frontal attack on the pride and achievements of Italian Americans, not on the character of a 15th-century man,” they added.
Columbus, long revered as the heroic sailor who discovered America, is now reviled by some activists as an imperialist colonizer who slaughtered indigenous Caribbeans. There are at least five statues on city land dedicated to their memory.
Joseph Scelsa, president of the Italian American Museum, said the commission “should not exist” because its mission “is beyond the scope of their individual or collective expertise.”
Members of the mayoral commission, announced Friday, include Harry Belafonte, World Trade Center memorial designer Michael Arad, and Jon Meacham, a biographer of Thomas Jefferson and Andrew Jackson.
Neil Mattera, president of the Columbus Alliance, said the panel is “ill equipped to make judgments as to what constitutes the values of New York. Come out on Columbus Day and you'll see a million people on Fifth Avenue celebrating their values.”
At Saturday's Labor Day Parade on Fifth Avenue, Gov. Cuomo, who wants to preserve the statues, said the mayor's commission is “his business” and that Columbus monuments are about “respect for the Italian-American community.”
“I'm going to do everything I can to make sure that the Italian American community doesn't get a mixed message,” they said.
GOP mayoral candidate Nicole Malliotakis, said at the parade that they had no use for the commission: “We have so many more important priorities to be addressing in our city.”
'Killers' sing karaoke & salsa dance in cushy ward Some of the city's most savage criminal suspects are gaming the system at Bellevue Hospital's prison psych ward, dodging Rikers Island to spend their days singing karaoke and salsa dancing...
Man who killed dad admits rampage was like a 'video game' An Upper West Side schizophrenic accused of killing their dad with a pair of scissors admitted to cops they kept “rampaging like it was a video game,” according to newly...
The Better Business Bureau has released a new investigative study titled "Pop-Ups and Imposters: A BBB Study of the Growing Worldwide Problem of Tech Support Fraud."
The study revealed the different ways people are trying to scam others through cold calls, pop-ups, etc. to gain access to your personal information and money.
The Wichita Falls BBB said it is a problem in the area and are hoping this new study helps decrease the number of victims.
Copyright 2017 RNN Texoma All Rights Reserved
U.S. stocks retreated slightly from records in early Friday after September data showed the U.S. economy posted its first monthly decline in jobs in about seven years due to hurricanes in the Gulf Coast and Florida. Wage growth, however, showed a surprising jump.
What stock benchmarks are doing
The S&P 500 SPX, -0.16% was off by 5 points, or 0.2%, to 2,547, with all 11 main indexes trading lower. The benchmark index was on track to snap its eight-day winning streak. Financials were the only bright spot on Wall Street.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.07% declined 26 points, or 0.1%, to 22,747. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.07% fell 15 points, or 0.3%, to 6,568.
All three benchmarks were on track for solid weekly gains, however.
The Dow industrials were looking at a gain of 1.5%. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite were each on track for rises of more than 1%.
Opinion: The next bear market gets closer every time stocks hit a record
Read: Why stocks may be ‘on verge' of a melt-up
What is driving markets?
Nonfarm payrolls shrank by 33,000 in September, undercut by hurricanes Harvey and Irma. Economists polled by MarketWatch had predicted a 75,000 increase in nonfarm jobs. The unemployment rate, however, fell to 4.2% from 4.4%.
And wages increased by 0.5% to an average of $26.55 an hour, the Labor Department said Friday. Hourly pay saw a 2.9% year over year rise, up from 2.7% in August. Those gains, too, were likely affected by the hurricanes.
The 10-year Treasury note TMUBMUSD10Y, +1.88% touched is the highest yield since around July at 2.39% and the dollar DXY, +0.31% strengthened. Sluggish inflation and wage growth has been a bugaboo for central bankers.
Read: Hurricanes may make it look like U.S. ‘lost' jobs for the first time since 2010
See: Tropical storm Nate headed for Gulf Coast, leaves 22 dead in Central America
What other data and Fed speakers are ahead?
A reading on wholesale inventories for August is due at 10 a.m. Eastern, followed by a report on consumer credit for the same month at 3 p.m. Eastern.
Investors will also hear from another slate of Federal Reserve officials:
• New York Fed President William Dudley, speaking on CNBC said they were open to raising rates in December.  They are slated to speak on monetary policy at the Council for Economic Education at 12:15 p.m. Eastern.
• Atlanta Fed President Raphael Bostic, at a Fed workforce conference in Austin at 9 a.m. Eastern.
• Dallas Fed President Rob Kaplan, at a discussion at the same event at 12:45 p.m. Eastern.
• St. Louis Fed President James Bullard is set to deliver a speech on the standard of living at a development conference in St. Louis at 1:50 p.m. Eastern.
Which stocks are in focus?
Data-center operator Switch Inc. SWCH, +4.54% priced its initial public offering higher than expected Thursday evening. The Las Vegas-based data-center company said it d sell 31.25 million shares at $17 apiece, after previously stating a target range of $14 to $16. Shares are due to begin trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Costco Wholesale Corp. COST, -5.71% shares fell 5.3% even as the wholesale retailer reported lower gross margins, even as quarterly profits topped Wall Street estimates.
Yum China Holdings Inc. YUMC, -0.25% rose 0.8% as the Yum Brands Inc. YUM, +1.86% spinoff announced earnings that included its first dividend and an increased stock-buyback plan. The operator of KFC and Pizza Hut restaurants also announced plans for a new chief executive officer.
What other assets are doing
European stocks SXXP, -0.32% traded mostly lower, with Spain's IBEX benchmark IBEX, -0.35% giving back some of Thursday's rebound as investors assessed the latest developments in the Catalonia-Spain standoff.
Australian stocks led gains in the Asia-Pacific region ADOW, +0.19% on Friday, boosted by Thursday's climb in commodity prices and rises for financial stocks.
WTI oil futures CLX7, -2.70% are under pressure as tropical storm Nate strengthens, and is due to hit the Gulf Coast over the weekend. Under pressure, the British pound GBPUSD, -0.6022% was set for its worst week in a year on talk of an early U.K. election. Gold futures GCZ7, -0.78% slipped.
Barbara Kollmeyer contributed to this report.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
0:51
Trump says any NFL player who sits during anthem is 'son of a bitch' and should be fired
As “Girls” came to a close this Sunday, I couldn't help but think of the first time Lena Dunham's unapologetic nakedness graced my screen. While Venus of Urbino may have prompted nervous laughter and blushing the first time I saw it in a high school art history class, my first reaction to Dunham's nudity was personally revolutionary. Though I was in awe of both nude forms, the latter stirred a reaction that can only be caused by an immediate visceral connection to something. As I watched a protagonist eat cereal in their underwear, brush their teeth without a top and video chat a friend from the toilet, I began to realize how different this show was going to be from any other I had experienced. Dunham's character, Hannah, was not baring it all on account of preparing to have sex or going skinny-dipping or marching on the streets to make a statement — they were naked because in our lives, sometimes, we do things without clothes on. And from that beginning, I knew the show was going to be ground-breaking in its honesty and rawness.
One day, after a lengthy and self-indulgent speech about the importance of an episode centering around Hannah's three-day affair with a stranger, the unlucky friend subjected to my monologue finally cracked: “Stop overthinking it!” But how could I not? From abortion to addiction, coming-out to career choices: The vast scope of topics covered by “Girls” is paralleled in size only by the quantity of criticism the show has received. Reaching past the blogosphere and into the likes of the New Yorker and the New York Times, the conversations about the show's lack of diversity, extent to which Hannah is representative of Dunham and advancement of feminism — or the advancement of white feminism — is everywhere. “Girls” has proven to be something worth “overthinking.”
While Hannah's literal nudity in mundane moments was what initially spoke to me, I am primarily left appreciating the characters' willingness to expose themselves, metaphorically speaking. In baring more than just tattoos and flesh, true nude forms — composed of personality warts and the scars of bad decisions — were exposed in “Girls.” Among the show's commentary, what has interested me the most is the noted absence of any obviously likable main character. To simplify: Marnie is uptight, Jessa is careless, Shoshana is strange and Hannah is melodramatic. All four are coated with membranes of narcissism that are as impenetrable as they are familiar to us viewers. After years of being primed to latch onto the token smart or charming or perfect hero of a story laden with admirable men, I left the first few episodes of “Girls” feeling disoriented. Maybe, I thought, I don't “get” Hannah. Regardless of their personality quirks, she's probably a good person. Wrong. And that is not to say Hannah is a “bad” person either; rather, the show simply does not work on this binary. Perhaps the argument is that even fictitious lives are far too complicated to fit under a standard of “this or that.” Regardless, the characters vacillate on a continuum, and often the question of general decency is not at the crux of any of the central quartet's decisions.
The truth is, I find “Girls” so easy to identify with because I'm not sure if I would be a likeable protagonist in my own story. Among embodying every unpleasant quality of the “Girls” girls at different moments, I have additional sour attributes that would probably pan out grossly on screen. But the show seems to argue that it's fine — it's real — to not be someone that others seek to identify with. Instead, Girls says, live a life of choices where you can identify the in yourself. This is not an excuse to do whatever you want without regard for others: Instead, the show preaches acting via your own intuition rather than in accordance with a feeling of being watched.
All this said, Dunham's show will not make it on the list of ones I watch over and over in times of stress (which also happen to be the times when watching TV is the last thing I should be doing). As appalling as this sounds after my lengthy ode, let me explain: While the Office's jokes and Gossip Girl's drama will always be as entertaining as they are distracting, the asupervisorstioned sentiments of relatability I find in the “Girls” characters will prevent me from ever re-watching the series for hours on end. This is partially because I would prefer more mindless diversion during finals period when a binge is in order. But mainly, I am confident that I will be graced by reminders of the “Girls” girls for the rest of my time at Brown and afterwards. Being human, we are peculiar and make unwise choices ­— no one is exempt from having moments of being severely unlikable. As one tearful character says to another during the series' penultimate episode, in a moment that seems to encapsulate the show's entire premise: “We were all just doing our best.”
Rebecca Okin '19 is looking for a new show to overthink and can be reached at rebecca_okin@brown.edu. Please send responses to this opinion to letters@browndailyherald.com and other op-eds to opinions@browndailyherald.com.
Asics is racing to reestablish its retail presence in the Big Apple after a fallout with its former retail partner triggered the closure last week of its flagship store in...
THE American father and daughter convicted of the murder of Limerickman Jason Corbett should have been tried for first degree murder and faced the death penalty, the eldest brother of the deceased has said.
Molly Martens Corbett, 33, and their father Thomas Martens, 67, a former FBI agent, were convicted of Mr Corbett's second degree murder by a jury last week after a month-long trial.
The father of two was beaten to death with a paving stone, which was on their wife's nightstand in the couple's bedroom, and a 15 ounce aluminium baseball bat in their home in Panther Creek Court, Wallburg, North Carolina, in the early hours of Sunday, August 2, 2015.
Both were sentenced to 20 to 25 years in prison for second degree murder, or murder which was not premeditated.
Speaking for the first time since the conviction, brother John Corbett, who lives in England, said the family's suffering is set to continue as an appeal is likely to be lodged.
“I personally feel they should have being charged with capital one [first degree murder] and should have got the death penalty. They continue to show no remorse. I wish them eternal pain and suffering in prison,” they told the Limerick Leader.
“​But we, as a very close family, can now find some form of closure and comfort knowing Molly Martens and Thomas Martens are in prison where they belong.
“We will finally mourn Jason and let them rest in peace with their beloved [first] wife Mags. We will continue to grow stronger in our integrity and love for each other, but we will never forget the Martens as a stain on society.”
The death penalty was reintroduced in North Carolina in 1977, but there have been no executions in the state since 2006 due to legal challenges.
Samuel Flippen, 36, of Forsyth County, who was convicted of killing their two year-old stepdaughter, was the last person to be put to death by lethal injection in North Carolina.
John Corbett, one of five brothers of the deceased, also urged people not to donate to the fund set up by the Martens family to raise $300,000 towards their legal costs, particularly in lodging an appeal over what they claim was a “wrongful conviction.”
Mr Corbett said that “anyone who donates to it are condoning cold calculating murder and do not respect the law of the land in the US, and do not deserve to be called US citizens. They should donate their money to the relatives of murder victims in North Carolina.”
They said their brother died at the hands of “cold unapologetic killers” and they would not wish what they have endured over the past two years on any family.
An 11-minute TV interview with ABC news with both convicted family members, which was recorded prior to sentencing, aired in the US on Friday night last, which has compounded the Corbett family's suffering.
“From day one they have showed no remorse,” they added.
They praised their “wonderful family who endured all the horror in the court for four weeks, yet held their dignity and composure in the face of pure evil.”
In the event of an appeal, they said they hope that the US justice system continues to see “through their total remorseless lies.”
They earlier described their youngest brother Jason, born 15 minutes after their twin brother Wayne in February 1976, as a “6'2 teddybear, who wouldn't hurt a fly.”
They said Martens Corbett “always seemed a bit distant” to him, when they arrived into their lives to work as an au pair for the children, following the tragic death of Jason's first wife, Mags Fitzpatrick, from an asthma attack in 2006.
They married in Tennessee in 2011, where the Martens family are from, after they moved to Limerick in 2008.
“Most of the family advised them not to go to America and marry her,” they said.
Mr Corbett said the family “are very humbled by the amazing support from the people of Limerick and the US, and my colleagues here in the NHS in the UK.”
“I would also like to thank the amazing hard work of the District Attorney's office and the Davidson county sheriff department,” they said.
Meanwhile, calls by the public to shut down the online fundraising campaign by the Martens family have been rejected.
The moderators of the GoGetFunding page have been flooded with a series of complaints regarding the site.
The page, which was set up by Ms Martens' aunt, Mona Earnest in the US, seeks to raise $300,000 to help them to pay for their continuing legal costs in lodging an appeal and to also “fight the wrongful death suit.”
While the wording of the campaign has been changed, and some references to alleged abuse by Mr Corbett against their wife have been removed, the page will not be taken down.
“We are an impartial site that allows those facing legal costs the opportunity to raise funds from their family, friends and supporters in order to ensure they are able to employ the best legal defence they can afford - as is their absolute right,” said a spokesperson in a statement.
“We have no intentions at this time to remove this campaign, as it would set a precedent for all future legal defence campaigns and appeals – which, if someone did not have the opportunity to seek adequate legal defence could potentially lead to a mistrial, miscarriage of justice or any other number of potential outcomes.”
Supporters of the Corbett family have reacted angrily online to the creation of the page, just days after they were both unanimously found guilty of their second degree murder.
“Molly and Tom put the Corbett family through sheer hell and continue to do so through their extended family. Stop,” wrote one person.
Nearly $14,000 had been raised from 80 backers, with the minimum donation accepted being increased to $20.
The page – called ‘Right the Wrong, Help Molly and Tom' – outlines that the legal expenses already borne by the Martens family has “gutted the family financially”.
“We desperately need your help,” it states.
Ms Earnest has now been subjected to abuse on their Facebook page for initiating the page.
Them profile picture is of them with their husband Mike, and Mr Corbett's two children, Jack and Sarah.
There have been calls on the open social media page for the image to be removed.
The image used on the fundraising page is of a smiling Ms Martens Corbett and their father on the day they were charged with Mr Corbett's second degree murder and involuntary manslaughter.
The latter charge was later dropped, before being reinstated as a second option for the jury to consider.
Separate to the criminal case, a wrongful death lawsuit has been filed by the Corbetts seeking damages for their death.
Michael Earnest, a brother of Martens-Corbett's mother Sharon, said the family believe the "most atrocious miscarriage of justice" has been committed.
"Our family is decimated by what has happened. The sheer vitriol and viciousness directed towards the extended family here is literally spine-chilling. The extended family have not broken the law, we are only trying to support our loved ones," said Mr Earnest.
Former Knick suspended two games for throwing punch The Magic's Arron Afflalo has been suspended two games without pay by the NBA for fighting with the Timberwolves' Nemanja Bjelica. Afflalo, who played for the Knicks in the 2015-16...
Jeff Hornacek predicted Brandon Jennings' huge game Jeff Hornacek, psychic. Before Sunday night's game, Hornacek spoke about the Knicks' need to finish and step on opponents' throats which sort of became a theme when the Knicks let...
Knicks up to $30M in cap space as Afflalo, Williams opt out Arron Afflalo and Derrick Williams will opt out of their respective contracts, which should leave the Knicks with at least $30 million of cap space when free agency begins July...
Rondo? Lin? Hornacek stunner lets Knicks fantasize about PGs Rajon Rondo can look at the Knicks again as a sexy destination. Perhaps Mike Conley and other elite point guards can, too. Adding to the intrigue of Jeff Hornacek's imminent...
Will Carmelo's or Phil's belief win out on Knicks' guard targets? There's one thing Carmelo Anthony and Knicks president Phil Jackson can agree on: The next starting backcourt is more vital than the next head coach. The need for an upgraded,...
Knicks' roster breakdown: Who will stay and who will go? The Knicks have six free agents on their roster, two with opt-outs and a superstar player who has hinted at asking for a trade if things don't go well this...
Knicks' cap space hinges on two unique free-agency calls Continuity or more cap space? It looks like the Knicks will get the cash with their two opt-out players — Arron Afflalo and Derrick Williams — possibly having played their...
Carmelo warns Knicks: Don't exclude me from free-agent talks INDIANAPOLIS — The Knicks' miserable season ended Tuesday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse with a 102-90 loss to the Pacers, with Carmelo Anthony sitting out and saluting July's free-agent list he...
Carmelo Anthony clings to young hopes for bleak Knicks INDIANAPOLIS — Carmelo Anthony sounded sad but tried to put on a happy face regarding the disaster that ends Tuesday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. The arena is the site of...
A “strict” Colorado gym teacher is accused of assaulting a student — because the kid refused to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance.
Middle school teacher Karen Smith has been placed on paid administrative leave after the alleged incident at Angevine Middle School, school district officials said.
Local police confirmed to CBS in Denver that cops are investigating reports that Smith assaulted an unidentified student for refusing to stand for the Pledge.
No charges have been filed and details of the alleged incident had not been revealed by Saturday.
“I am reaching out to you tonight to let you know that we will have a substitute teacher working with some of our PE classes for the time being,” Principal Mike Medina said in a letter sent home to parents on Thursday night.
“While I cannot share much information, following an incident today at school, Ms. Smith was placed on paid administrative leave. We are working closely with our partners at the Lafayette Police department,” the letter read.
“We believe in due process and therefore ask that everyone respect Ms. Smith's privacy at this time.”
Smith is a 20-year veteran at the school; they are known as a “strict” teacher, but that had never before been an issue, one parent of a child at the middle school told CBS.
It's school district policy to allow students the choice of sitting or standing for the Pledge of Allegiance, a spokesperson told The Denver Post.
Ralph Lauren reported better-than-expected quarterly profit and sales as the luxury apparel maker kept a tight leash on discounting and inventory, sending its shares up 5 percent in premarket trading.
Ralph Lauren, like other US apparel chains, has been struggling with weak sales due to sluggish spending on clothing and accessories and fierce competition from Amazon.com and fast-fashion retailers.
In a bid to turn its business around, the company has been pulling back inventory from wholesale partners, reducing sales in the off-price channel, engaging in fewer promotional periods, shuttering stores and exiting underperforming brands.
Ralph Lauren's adjusted gross margins rose 210 basis points to 63.2 percent in the first quarter ended July 1, helped by a double-digit decline in costs.
The company also lowered its inventory levels by 31 percent from a year earlier.
The company's net income was $59.5 million, or 72 cents per share, in the first quarter ended July 1, compared with a loss of $22.3 million, or 27 cents per share, a year earlier.
Excluding items, the company earned $1.11 per share, while sales fell 13.2 percent to $1.35 billion in the quarter.
Analysts on average were expecting adjusted earnings of 94 cents per share and revenue of $1.34 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Ralph Lauren hired P&G executive Patrice Louvet as its chief executive in May, replacing Stefan Larsson, who stepped down following creative differences with the founder.
Same-store sales fell 7 percent in the quarter, better than the 7.5 percent drop expected by analysts polled by research firm Consensus Metrix.
Twenty-eight years after the first ever Feile graced the grounds of Semple Stadium, Thurles is in line to relive its glory days once again following news that the 'Trip to Tipp' returns to the Cathedral town this September.
After a long hiatus, Féile will officially make an electrifying return to Thurles on Saturday 22nd September as Féile Classical.
Feile favourites The Stunning, Hothouse Flowers, An Emotional Fish, Something Happens, The 4 of Us, The Frank & Walters plus a line-up of special guests will take to the stage with the Irish Chamber Orchestra for one night only in Semple Stadium.
Audiences can expect rapturous, spine-tingling versions of sing-along anthems such as Brewing Up a Storm, Celebrate, Parachute, Mary, Don't Go and After All performed by the supremely talented combination of bands and orchestra, with the latter's soaring strings and powerful arrangements adding sparkle to every song.
Tom Dunne, whose band Something Happens performed at Féile ‘90, ‘91 and ‘93 and who's album ‘Tom Dunne 30 Best Irish Hits', was one of the biggest selling Irish compilation albums ever, is the driving force behind Féile Classical delights:
Speaking ahead of the official launch of Feile Classical Dunne said: “The Feiles and Italia 90 tend to merge in my head: a time of incredible optimism and fun, when it seemed Irish bands – almost all of whom could lay claim to at least one timeless classic - ruled the day. The Trip to Tipp was the Mecca for Irish bands, a celebration of Irish rock music that had never been seen before. This concert has been in the ether for some time now, and myself and the bands are really excited to be collaborating with the Irish Chamber Orchestra to put together a glorious in your face celebration of a special time in Irish music”
“Féile was special, it was iconic, it was our Woodstock and Féile Classical will be an even bigger, better, louder explosion of the best of those days and so much more.”
Pic: An Post Inn - Féile '92 courtesy of 'Feile - Trip to Tipp' Facebook page
In contrast to the Féile days of yore, Féile Classical will be fully-seated concert. Music fans can also explore the exciting pop-up ‘Food Village' and BBQ area, visit the Tribal Tent - a dedicated space for the discussion of Féile glory days curated by well known music critic John Meagher, or gaze at the festivals photography exhibition of fans and Féiles past.
And for those who might feel like recapturing those daring moments of bygone Féiles, Féile TV will be on-hand once again to record the craic in Semple!
Pic: Féile '92 - The trip to Tipp courtesy of 'Feile - Trip to Tipp' Facebook page
The nineties, the tribal days of Irish music, the days where the music you loved defined your identity. Whether you were a punk, a grunger, a rocker, a britpoper, a raver or an indie kid – your hair, clothes, makeup, shoes and any other obscure place in between carried an emblem, a lyric, or an album title. You wrote to fan-clubs waiting mostly in vain for a response, you worshipped your albums' inlay cards, painstakingly learning every last lyric. The chances of seeing them live was slim, the chances of ever seeing a few of your bands on the same bill? That was inconceivable…. Then one glorious summer weekend in 1990 the Trip to Tipp happened and the lives of young Irish music fans changed forever!
CWB.ie in association with Live at Semple Stadium proudly presents Féile Classical. As Féile Classical is a seated event, tickets are limited. Tickets from €49.50, plus charges, will go on sale from www.ticketmaster.ie at 9am on Friday 27th April.
It's been a very busy week in the entertainment world.
Here's a round-up of some of the biggest stories from the last seven days, just in case you missed them.
Image copyright Getty Images
Bruno Mars (pictured) and Kendrick Lamar bagged a bunch of awards at this year's Grammys.
Mars provided the night's big upset, taking the album of the year trophy that most critics assumed would go to Lamar's rap tour de force Damn.
Alessia Cara won the best new artist, making them the only female artist to win a major prize.
Brendan Cole announced this week that they would not be returning to Strictly Come Dancing.
The professional dancer revealed during a TV interview that the decision had been made by the BBC and that they were "in shock".
"They made an editorial decision not to have me back on the show," they said on ITV's Lorraine.
Image copyright Manchester Art Gallery
Manchester Art Gallery made the decision to take down JW Waterhouse's 1896 painting Hylas and the Nymphs.
It temporarily removed the Victorian painting of naked adolescent girls in a move to "encourage debate" about how such images should be displayed in the modern age.
Curator Clare Gannaway said there were "tricky issues about gender, race and representation" in the gallery, adding: "But we want to talk about that with people."
Image copyright PA
Carrie Gracie, the BBC's former China editor, said they were "very angry" about the way the corporation has treated some female members of staff.
The presenter, who resigned from their post last month in protest at pay inequality, gave evidence to a committee of MPs on Wednesday.
Gracie said they felt the BBC's response to their grievance had been "an insult".
Image copyright AFP/Getty
Jim Carrey will no longer face a civil trial over the suicide of their former girlfriend, who died of an overdose in September 2015.
The actor had faced a wrongful death legal case, filed by the estranged husband of Cathriona White and their mother.
Carrey previously described the case as a "heartless attempt to exploit" both them and White.
Image copyright Getty Images
The late Helen Dunmore won the Costa Book of the Year prize for Inside the Wave, their 10th and final poetry collection.
Them daughter said one of the poems in the collection, Hold Out Your Arms, had provided them with "enormous comfort" after Dunmore's death last June at the age of 64.
Image copyright Beyonce
The starstruck woman whose reaction to meeting Beyonce went viral called the response to their photo "hysterical".
Susan Monaghan bumped into the star and their husband Jay-Z at a New York hotel the night before the Grammy awards.
A picture of their reaction was posted on Beyonce's Instagram page, where it has been liked more than 4.5 million times.
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Adventure Day Camp: June 11-Aug. 10, Seven Hills School, Walnut Creek. Ages 3-15. June 25-Aug. 17, Dorris-Eaton School, San Ramon. Ages 4-14. A variety of activities that will strengthen teamwork skills, bolster confidence and develop self-esteem. www.adventuredaycamp.com
Art Academy Summer Camps: June through August, Pacific Art League, 668 Ramona St., Palo Alto. Offering more than 25 camp sessions for ages 5-16, both experienced and beginner artists. Includes: Art Around the World, Create an Artist's Sketchbook, Having Fun with Crafts, Cartooning and Comics, and more. Registration: http://bit.ly/2psRGvA
Bay Area Discovery Museum Summer Camps: 9 a.m.-1 p.m. June 4-Aug. 24. Camps provide child-directed and inquiry driven learning through project-based, hands-on activities that are designed to boost creativity, STEM skills, and critical thinking. Extended care is available for an extra fee. http://bit.ly/2FQsjxT
Bay Area Children's Theatre Camps: Starting in June. Musical Theatre Camp, grades 2-8; Little Performers Camp, grades K through 1; Improv Camp, grades 4-6. Theatre camp takes campers through daily fun and engaging rehearsals as they prepare for a fully produced show. Working with a director, choreographer, and music director, campers learn vocal technique, basic dance vocabulary and storytelling. Featuring: Elephant and Piggie's “We Are in a Play!”, Junie B. Jones The Musical, Alice in Wonderland, or Madagascar. http://bit.ly/2FwS2w1
Bay Area Youth Summer Camps: Mobile camp with no “base camp”. Serving Orinda, Walnut Creek, Alamo, Lafayette, Orinda, Concord, Danville, San Ramon, Dublin, Pleasant Hill and surrounding cities. Adventure Kids Camp and Skateboard and Scooter Camp, ages 7-14. Counselor in training camp, ages 14-17. www.baycamps.org
Brainvyne: Peninsula, South Bay and East Bay locations. Lego and Money 101 camps. Kids will learn, explore, discover and create. www.brainvyne.com
Camp Edmo: Peninsula, South Bay, San Francisco, Marin and East Bay locations. June 11-Aug. 17. Science, technology and nature. All of them include maker projects that fuse collaborative design challenges with individual expression. https://campedmo.org
Camp MasterChef: June 3-July 28. Camp MasterChef is an immersive culinary experience designed for kids and teens, ages 8-16. A week full of cooking, learning and team challenges. Campers sharpen their culinary skills under instruction from expert chefs. They also develop healthy lifestyle and personal growth skills. http://bit.ly/2Gokmhh
Camp Sequoyah: June 18-July 20, Sequoyah Country Club, 4550 Heafey Road, Oakland. Activities include: golf, tennis, swimming, arts & crafts, group games, fun with foods, super science projects and STEM challenges.Ages 5-10. https://bit.ly/2E2ooJa
Casti Camp: June 11-Aug. 3, Castilleja School, Palo Alto. Open to girls entering grades 2-9. Activities include: athletics, art, science, computers, writing, crafts, cooking, drama, dance and music classes. In addition, there are weekly field trips, talent shows, counselor skits, prison ball, BBQ Wednesdays and more. www.castilleja.org
Coastal Camp: June 11-Aug. 17, Marin Headlands, 1033 Fort Cronkhite, Sausalito. Grades K-9. Focus Areas: Marine biology, coastal ecology, conservation, nature and exploration. https://coastalcamp.org
Culinary Dude's Kids Summer Cooking Camp: St. Thomas School, 3801 Balboa St., San Francisco and St. Hilary School, 765 Hilary Drive, Belvedere, Tiburon. Camps include: Cooking with Insects, Official State Foods, Popstars Favorite Foods and Seasonal Produce. Ages 5-16. www.culinarydudeontour.com
Education Unlimited: Stanford University, June 24-Aug. 18. Summer achievement programs, science and engineering camps, computer camps, video production camp, high school actors workshop, emerging writers institute and public speaking institute. 450 Serra Mall, Stanford. https://bit.ly/2J20otJ. UC Berkeley, June 10-July 28. CAPC Intensive, prep camp excel, computer camps, public speaking institute, summer focus, science and engineering camps and advanced video production. Berkeley. https://bit.ly/2Gi4SdK
Fuze Fit For a Kid!: June 11-Aug. 20, Los Gatos and San Jose. Camps: Soccer World Cup, Olympic Games, Around the World, Origami and Magic Tricks, Ocean, Winter Olympic Games, Explore Nature, and Science. www.fuzefit.com
Galileo Innovation Summer Camps: Camp Galileo, Pre K-5th; Galileo Summer Quest, entering grades 5-8; @The Tech, entering grades 4-8. Hands-on projects in fields from science and engineering to the visual and culinary arts. More than 40 locations in the Bay Area. 800-854-3684, www.galileo-camps.com/sf-bay-area
Glitter Kids: Starting June 4, 8941 San Ramon Road, Dublin. Lego Robotics, Cooking with Stars, Bollywood Dancing, Chemistry, Video Production and more. https://bit.ly/2uxY9LA
iD Tech: Five distinct programs in STEM education. Locations: Concord, Livermore, Palo Alto, San Jose, Santa Clara, Moraga, Palo Alto, Berkeley. www.iDTech.com
Museum of Children's Arts: June 11-Aug. 10, 1625 Clay St., Oakland. Innovative, hands-on arts activities for children and youth, ages 6-12. A variety of engaging projects based on weekly topics. mocha.org/museum/camps/
Newton Center: June 18-Aug. 22, 1528 South El Camino Real, Suite 201, San Mateo. Cultural cooking day, science and water day, campcation, art and karaoke-dance day, engineering challenge and camp carnival. For incoming 1-6 grades. www.newtoncenter.org
Pleasant Hill Recreation and Park District Summer Camps: Starting in June. Preschool half-day camps, youth and teen full day camps, xtreme camp, youth and teen specialty camps and aquatics camps. http://bit.ly/2GkIH7t
Roughing It Day Camp: June 11-Aug. 17, Lafayette. Campers are grouped by age/grade with activities designed for each age and ability level. Horseback riding, swimming, waterfront, reservoir and teens. www.roughingit.com
Steve & Kate's Camp: Early June through late August. Locations throughout the Bay Area. Five studios: film, bread-making, coding, fashion and music. Activities: sports, specials, showcase, rubber chicken, lunge, launch pad, game show, game room, carnival, camp games, and pie throwing. steveandkatescamp.com
Summer Camp – Code, Craft, STEM, Startup: June 11-July 20. Day camps combine tech, coding and craft with business concepts in a fun age-appropriate, and multi-level curriculum. Grades 3-12. Multiple Bay Area camps. www.startupwonder.com/register
Summer ZooCamp: 9 a.m.-4 p.m. June 18-Aug. 17, Oakland Zoo, 9777 Golf Links Road. Campers explore and discover through games and songs, creating-and-making, discovery hikes, and science activities. Plus, plenty of up-close time learning about the animals.. http://www.oaklandzoo.org/summer-zoocamp
Summer Youth Theatre Camps: June 18-July 20, Theatre on San Pedro Square, 29 North San pedro St., San Jose. Musical theatre adventures for youth of all skill levels. Session one: ages 6 to 10; Session two: Ages 7 to 12; Session three: Ages 8 to 14. Camps run from 9 a.m.-2 p.m. Mondays through Friday. Each camp ends with a final showcase performance. Sessions 1 and 2 (one week) $275; Session 3 (two weeks) $515. http://bit.ly/2G9jwao
Trackers Bay: June 18-Aug. 24, Berkeley, Walnut Creek and Oakland. Trackers Earth introduces children to guided outdoor adventure, stories and new friends. Overnight camps offer traditional skills, team building and outdoor leadership. Age 4 through grade 12. https://trackersbay.com/youth/summer-camps.php
Urban Adventure Camps: Local travel camps for ages 8-15. Each program is designed around a specific subject that campers focus on throughout the week. Topics include: history, physical science, technology, biology, natural science and art. www.urbanadventurecamps.com
NASCAR Hall of Famer Jack Ingram continues to show improvement from the serious injuries they suffered in a December 3 car crash in their native Asheville, North Carolina.
In an update Sunday written on CaringBridge.org, Ingram's daughter, Ingrid Jones, said their father remains in the Intensive Care Unit at Asheville's Mission Hospital.
According to Jones:
“Daddy continues to hold their own, making healing steps forward and then a step back, which we fully expected-but he's surprising us each and every day with their strength and courage to overcome this. Overall, he's doing amazingly well.”
Ingram's family had hoped they could have moved out of ICU and into the Trauma Unit as the next phase of their recovery, but they remain in intensive care.
Said Jones:
“For now, he'll remain in ICU until they can go a full 24 hours without ventilator assisted breathing. We're almost there … but may still be a few days.”
Ingram, who turns 81 on Dec. 28, was able to sit in a chair and watched part of Sunday's NFL game between the Carolina Panthers and Minnesota Vikings with their family. Jones wrote that Ingram also was surprised to learn that the mountain near the family's Asheville-area home received a total of 16 inches of snow Friday and Saturday.
Jones added, “We continue to be optimistic for their health, and we also continue to appreciate the prayers and encouraging thoughts.”
It's a different Mark Teixeira now.
The first baseman was one of the most vanilla quotes in the Yankees clubhouse, but since retiring and joining ESPN, he's to sharpen their critical eye while avoiding the hot takes that have become commonplace in the media.
“I call it how I see it,” Teixeira said. “I'll tell you exactly what I feel. I figured out really quickly that there's a difference between calling what you see and personal attacks. Players never got upset at a reporter or analyst for calling it as is, but when you start with personal attacks and start questioning a guy's work ethic or character, that's something that players don't like.”
And right now Teixeira sees what most of us do: a struggling Masahiro Tanaka. Teixeira said they believe starting pitching ultimately will determine who will win the developing heated AL East race between the Yankees, Red Sox and Orioles. And Tanaka, who is 0-5 with a 10.72 ERA in their past five starts, could be the Yankees' make-or-break factor in that equation.
“I am concerned. I am not in panic mode, but you have to figure out what's going on,” Teixeira, who retired after last season, said of their former teammate.
“There is a slump and there's a time when you're not pitching well at all and I am not sure where they are. … The biggest thing that I see from them is that their fastball command isn't there, their fastball life isn't there. You have to rely on your splitter and your slider so much that hitters are sitting back on those pitches, and even then they can still hit the fastball. I wouldn't worry about velocity more than I would [about] location and making sure it has some movement on it and hitting your spots to keep hitters honest.”
Before the season, it was believed the Yankees' only chance of survival was if Tanaka anchored a rotation that otherwise was filled with liabilities. Instead, where Tanaka has struggled, the rest of the rotation has thrived. Michael Pineda finally has found some consistency, CC Sabathia is in the Andy Pettitte zone and Jordan Montgomery has turned an impressive spring training into a locked-in spot in the rotation.
But the most pleasant and most dominant surprise has been Luis Severino, who was so abysmal as a starter last season.
“The biggest thing from Severino is they are now throwing a slider with some depth where last year their slider and fastball were very similar pitches and that's why I think they were getting hit,” Teixeira said of Severino, who will pitch Saturday against Baltimore. “Now, he's throwing 98 mph with the slider with some depth and that's very uncomfortable for a hitter.”
Your browser does not support iframes.
The position Teixeira vacated also has been one of the few Yankees weak spots. Greg Bird was woeful to start the season before a lingering ankle issue — which could be at least partly to blame for their struggles — sent them to the disabled list. Chris Carter has been the all-or-nothing hitter he's been in previous seasons, and thus Bird's near return is still highly anticipated.
Teixeira, who is loving the retirement life of ESPN, golf and running their Atlanta-based real estate company, still texts with Bird and is optimistic they can match the lofty expectations thrust on him.
“It was definitely all going back to the ankle, and them not being able to use their legs,” Teixeira said of Bird's 6-for-60 start.
“Once your timing gets off just a little bit in baseball, it can go downhill really quick. People take for granted that you are going to be able to square up the ball, but if you're off just a little bit it's the difference between a home run and a pop-up, a line drive and a ground ball. Hopefully, Birdy, when they come back healthy, will get that sweet swing back.”
In the city that never sleeps, a solid night of shut-eye can be hard to come by. Sirens, stress and loud neighbors keep us tossing and turning, and knowing that experts recommend a whopping seven to eight hours a night just gives us one more thing to worry about while lying in bed, eyes open wide.
But while a good night's sleep is a challenge for people with regular work hours, it's even harder to achieve for those who work late shifts. That's why so many night owls — from nurses to bouncers to janitors — have honed a range of tricks to get themselves decent nights of slumber.
Here, five night-owl New Yorkers share their bedtime secrets, with an expert weighing in on their techniques.
THE BARTENDER
Katie Ballou, a bartender and musician on Staten Island, often gets home at about 3 a.m., only to rise at 9 a.m. to open up the bar again. At the end of their work shift, “It's really hard to wind down,” says the 27-year-old.
Ballou's trick is to watch shows with which she's already familiar, such as “Forensic Files,” so she's not tempted to stay up even later to find out what happens. And despite being surrounded by booze at work, they keep drinking to a minimum. “I feel it keeps me awake as opposed to helping me sleep, and I don't feel rested after drunk sleep,” they say.
The expert says: “Alcohol is a terrible thing for sleep,” agrees Dr. Donald Greenblatt, director of the University of Rochester's Sleep Center. “It'll take the edge off and make you feel like you're going to sleep better, but it alters the sleep architecture.” Alcohol also reduces REM sleep, the sleep cycle that most helps restore the mind.
Greenblatt explains that the sleepy feeling caused by alcohol wears off, causing many to wake up in the middle of the night after the alcohol has metabolized. And, since alcohol is a diuretic, it could lead to more middle-of-the night bathroom trips.
THE BOUNCER
Stewart Rentus, 25, a bouncer in Manhattan who works until 4 a.m. on big party nights, says staying active is their key to staying rested.
Rentus, who goes to sleep at 7 a.m. — so they can have a life outside of work, they say — is up and heading to the gym by noon.
“I like to get my day started, go to the gym, then go to work so when I'm [ready for sleep], I'll be out like a light,” says the Brownsville, Brooklyn, resident.
The expert says: Like Rentus, people should avoid working out right before they go to sleep, says Greenblatt, since cooling down a body, not heating it up, helps with restfulness. “Exercise is best done [several hours before sleep],” they say.
“Otherwise, it's just going to wire you up.” As for Rentus' mere five hours of shut-eye, Greenblatt says some people can handle it: “Saying everyone needs eight hours is like saying everyone needs to wear size 10 shoes,” they say. “Some of us are short sleepers, and some of us are long sleepers.”
THE JANITOR
Malik Coulibaly has worked as a janitor at the NYU College of Dentistry for the past 12 years, getting into work at 11 p.m. and returning to their Harlem apartment by about 8 a.m. Coulibaly, 60, has seven kids between the ages of 1 and 15, so when they get home, they visit with their family then settles down for the first nap of the day.
A devout Muslim, Coulibaly takes three such naps daily, about three hours each time, waking up to pray and eat. “It's perfect,” they say. “Even when I go on vacation, it's like that.”
The expert says: Coulibaly's sleep schedule is actually more closely related to how humans used to sleep, Greenblatt says. “Two-hundred years ago, when it got dark, you'd go to sleep, and typically people would sleep for three hours and they'd get up, visit neighbors, make a meal and then have a second sleep period,” they say.
They caution, however, that “we sleep best when we sleep in one solid block.” Coulibaly, who sleeps sporadically, might benefit from some longer rest periods.
THE DOCTOR
Nine years working in the emergency room has taught Dr. Daniel Lakoff, an attending physician at Elmhurst Hospital, just about every trick in the book for getting to sleep. Some of them begin at work.
“We certainly see some things [in the ER] that make us feel uneasy,” says Lakoff, so instead of leaving for home full of anxieties, they and the other providers debrief and talk about the cases at the end of each shift. “We don't leave each other behind with this uneasiness,” says the 36-year-old Lower East Side resident and member of the Doctors Council.
Lakoff also puts the kibosh on coffee after the second half of their shift, and limits the light he's exposed to at the end of it by wearing sunglasses, even on the subway.
At home, their bedroom has blackout curtains, and they keep the temperature cool. In addition, Lakoff sometimes listens to YouTube sleep aids, such as thunderstorm sounds.
The expert says: Limiting light exposure is one of the more underrated sleep tricks out there, Greenblatt says. They recommend getting amber safety goggles and wearing them a couple hours before hitting the hay. The amber shades block out the blue light emitted from screens — a light that actually affects the body's production of the sleep-inducing hormone melatonin.
The goggles “are made for construction work, but if you look for customer reviews on Amazon, most people are using them to help with sleep,” they say.
THE NURSE
Patricia James, 66, is a Kings County Hospital nurse whose regular shift starts at 4 p.m. and ends at about 12:30 p.m. But that's not always the last of their work for the day — about two times a week, they work a double shift, followed by meetings for the New York State Nurses Association.
Many nights, James is lucky if they get three hours of sleep. To help catch up, they have a marathon, 12-hour slumber about once a week. But this doesn't mean getting shut-eye is easy. To help, they swear by camomile tea before bed, and reads until their eyes close.
But most of the time, they never quite feels caught up. “In order for me to rest, I have to get away from my environment,” they say, which translates to a trip to Florida for some R&R.
The expert says: Those three-hour sleeps are what's called sleep debt, and it's difficult for people like James to repay that debt with their weekly marathon sleep session. Greenblatt says, “If you're not getting enough sleep at one shot, then you can make up the sleep debt by taking a nap later in the day.” (These naps, they say, should be no longer than 90 minutes.) But someone who has hours like James would be better off if they could find a time to nap during the day.
How to rest easy, no matter your schedule
Our bodies need about eight hours — usually at night — for organ systems to repair and restore, says Dr. Paul P. Doghramji, board member of the National Sleep Foundation and a family practice doctor in Collegeville, Pa. Here are five tips to slumberland no matter your hours.
Have “me” time
It always helps to wind down and relax. “A warm bath, soft music, no loud noises or excitatory family interactions” all work, Doghramji says. “Shut the phone off or put it on vibrate if possible.”
Dim the lights
Before bed, avoid TVs, computers and cellphones, says Doghramji. Night owls should try wearing dark glasses before bed.
Keep it regular
Try to wake up at the same time every day, or at least within the same hour, as the habit can help regulate your body. So if you usually wake up at 7 a.m., but get to bed late, either because of work or staying out with friends, Doghramji says to set your clock to get you up at your usual 7 a.m. wake-up time. “If you wake up at varying times, your brain can't set itself to know when to have you go to sleep,” they say.
Caffeine in moderation
Doghramji's rule of thumb is to stop drinking caffeine six hours before your desired bedtime.
Pop a 'tonin
If you have a change in sleep hours, you might want to take melatonin. “[It's] the darkness or sleep hormone,” and it tricks the brain's setting into thinking it's bedtime, Doghramji says. Ask your doctor for a suggested dosage.
Wearing what you want is a privilege, not a right — and lately, people have been abusing it.
Last week, guards barred a reporter from entering the Speaker's Lobby, a room outside the House of Representatives chamber where reporters grab short interviews with politicians. They aren't armed or anything — just bare-armed. Sleeveless dresses are against the Speaker's Lobby dress code.
see also Women with bare shoulders banned from House speaker's lobby Women may be able to vote and have their own...
The incident caused a firestorm, with news outlets hysterically comparing the House's so-called “sexist” rules to those of the dystopian TV series “The Handmaid's Tale.”
The outcry is beyond ridiculous — and misguided. Congressional rules are far from draconian. The Speaker's Lobby is the only room on Capitol Hill that requires reporters to suit up so formally. As for the sexism claim, men are held to a high sartorial standard there, too: They're required to wear jackets and ties, which are arguably more stifling than dresses with sleeves.
Plus, who knows if Congress had bothered enforcing this rule if reporters stuck to professional sheath dresses (as Michelle Obama routinely did)? Instead, journalists have been waltzing into the Speaker's Lobby wearing breezy summer dresses and Birkenstocks — not exactly proper business attire. Can you really blame the House for trying to uphold a sense of decorum?
This Congress kerfuffle is just the latest case of people refusing to dress with a modicum of respect for their surroundings. Back in March, United Airlines got flak for stopping two teens wearing stretch pants from boarding a flight. Dubbed “Leggings-gate,” the airline was derided for sexism — despite the fact that the two ejected passengers were flying for free on an employee's family pass, which entails a strict dress code for both men and women.
Then, in April, the posh department store Harvey Nichols incited similar ire for its “snooty” attitude toward author Joanne Harris, who tried to shop there in a hoodie. But in the end it was Harris who came across as a snob — would they have deigned to change out of their gym clothes for a meeting with a publisher or lunch with a friend? Why should a retail employee at a fancy shop be afforded any less respect?
And that's the heart of the issue: respect.
Dressing like a slob is the height of entitlement. It's an arrogant power move employed by Silicon Valley whiz kids like Mark Zuckerberg in an effort to intimidate men and women in suits.
Flouting a dress code says: “I'm too important to adhere to the rules and dress like everybody else, and you are not worth the few seconds it would take me to put on a shirt with buttons” — or, in the House's case, throw a cardigan on over a sleeveless blouse.
These types of dress codes aren't “Handmaid's Tale”-like sumptuary laws, which use dress as a way of signifying class and power. These workplace uniforms not only establish the sense of formality and respect that workplace environments should have — they also level the playing field, if only superficially. In theory, no one is exempt from having to wear a jacket or sleeves. Not even the president!
If politicians have to sweat it out all day in sleeves and closed-toed shoes, it doesn't seem too much to ask female reporters to carry a cardigan and a pair of ballet flats in their bag for when they have to enter the Speaker's Lobby. It's probably the easiest thing their job requires of them.
6 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Salford Red Devils coach Ian Watson is hopeful that the club can attract plenty of fans to cheer them on into the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup tonight.
Watson's men take on Wakefield at the AJ Bell Stadium in a mouthwatering quarter-final between two of the competition's surprise packages this season.
However, it is no secret that Salford have struggled to attract crowds despite an impressive season – only 2,678 attended last Friday's game with Hull FC. And Watson is hopeful that can begin to change tonight.
“It would be great for the club and the community to be in the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup. It would boost it for the club and give it that real good positive vibe,” they said.
“Hopefully this weekend a lot more spectators will come down and really out-sing the Wakefield supporters and drive us to that semi-final.
Salford forward Mark Flanagan admits the attendances the club attract is not befitting of a side currently challenging for the title – but they hope that victory on Thursday can be the springboard for more success.
They said: “This is as big as it gets. Salford haven't been in many semi-finals of late, so if we get the result this week we'll be there, and then just one game away from Wembley.
“We're confident but we're not under-estimating Wakey by any stretch of the imagination. They've beaten us twice this year.”
“It is probably true that for a team lying second in the table our support probably isn't matching that league position.
“It would be nice to play in front of bigger crowds but it takes time. Success isn't bred overnight. It will start with a good win on Thursday and we'll take that into the latter part of the season.”
Video
This footage from February 1968 shows the Ross Spartel landing its catch following the sinking of its sister ship, the Ross Cleveland.
In the contemporary BBC report that follows, there is an examination of the value of the fish brought home by the trawlermen - which in the face of what had happened, it is concluded, "must still seem a very small price indeed".
1:44 'It was disgusting': reporter reveals the best and worst baseball stadium food Major League Baseball's inaugural FoodFest in Manhattan featured a signature dish from every single MLB ballpark, and NYPost.com senior reporter Michael Blaustein was there to try all 30 of them. From a surprisingly solid NY Deli Pastrami Sandwich from the Mets to tangy Toasted Grasshoppers courtesy of the Mariners, the sold-out festival had everything a fan could desire.
0:45 Deadly head-on collision kills young mother on Texas highway Guillermo Suarez, 31, has been charged with DWI and vehicular manslaughter while intoxicated, after their vehicle caused a fatal accident on a Texas highway. They were filmed driving the wrong way down busy Interstate 20 and eventually crashed head-on into another car, killing the driver.
0:46 Flaming cheese dishes set off the sprinklers at restaurant Four flaming plates of cheese set off the sprinkler system at Cava Mezze, a trendy Greek restaurant in Baltimore, Maryland. Within seconds, the staff serving the flambé dish were soaking wet. "This taught us a valuable lesson,” the restaurant's co-founder said of the April 17, 2018, incident. “When lighting saganaki, four is one too many.”
1:27 Invincible creep shrugs off taser after alleged airplane groping Passengers were forced to deplane an American Airlines flight at Miami International Airport after a passenger got into an altercation with police officers. Jacob A. Garcia allegedly groped a female passenger and hurled racial slurs at flight attendants , resulting in the police being called. Garcia reportedly has been charged with one felony count of battery.
1:09 'I'll break your arm!' cop says as they wrestle topless woman at Waffle House Footage of police arresting a woman at a Saraland, Alabama, Waffle House shows authorities threatening to break their arm after tackling them to the floor. Chikesia Clemons, who reportedly refused to pay a 50-cent charge on their bill, is claiming that excessive force was used and is facing charges of resisting arrest and disorderly conduct.
0:56 These Instagram-worthy pigs ham it up for the camera An uninhabited island in the Bahamas has become famous for its unexplained, yet super adorable, pig population. Photographer Kristina Kashtanova shared footage of the wild animals swimming and posing for pictures with tourists.
1:33 Bombshell beauty school dropout is full-time plumber Aimee Stanton isn't what most people picture when they think of a plumber. The 24-year-old is Australia's "hottest plumber," and defies stereotypes by looking good while getting dirty doing their job.
0:35 Tree trimmer nearly plummets to their death The Tucson fire department rescued a tree trimmer trapped sky-high under the branches of a palm tree. Fortunately, firefighters had trained for this exact situation, using equipment funded by a new sales tax initiative called Tucson Delivers.
The rookies are starting to look like they belong.
First-round pick Evan Engram and second-round pick Dalvin Tomlinson both had very strong showings at practice Tuesday, earning praise from Giants coach Ben McAdoo.
Engram produced the play of the day during the first team's two-minute drill — after the Giants offense was shut out on three attempts Monday — sprinting past linebacker B.J. Goodson up the seam to haul in a 30-yard touchdown pass from Eli Manning.
“He had some opportunities to make some plays and they came through in the two-minute drill, which was nice to see,” McAdoo said.
Tomlinson also showcased their power and speed, most notably bursting through the line to stuff Paul Perkins in a short-yardage situation.
“He flashed a few times,” McAdoo said. “He's working on their transition rush and it is certainly showing up on the field.”
see also Giants rookie puts in their claim for juicy starting job Their NFL career is in its infancy and this is...
Center Weston Richburg already is eager to see how opponents will attempt to handle the 312-pound Tomlinson, brought in to help fill the void left by Johnathan Hankins' departure.
“He's strong, very strong,” Richburg said. “I think that's a given with guys coming out of Alabama. I think he'll be good inside for us, and be disruptive because he's a smart guy, he's pretty sharp. So I'm excited to see them and how they play.”
Giants co-owner John Mara denied Tuesday that free-agent quarterback Colin Kaepernick is being blackballed from the league because of their decision not to stand during the national anthem last season.
“Anybody that thinks that there's been any conversations going on among teams about Colin Kaepernick is crazy,” Mara told “The Michael Kay Show.” “That just is not the case. … I think there are certain issues obviously that go along with Colin Kaepernick and that may have scared some teams away, but there is absolutely no blackball going on here. I just don't see that at all.”
Veteran Mike Nugent went 4-for-4 on field-goal attempts, making a long of 44 yards. McAdoo said they haven't yet decided whether Nugent or rookie Aldrick Rosas — currently listed first on the depth chart — will handle the majority of work in the preseason, but the coach has been impressed with how Rosas has handled Nugent's recent signing.
“I see a steady young player who is kicking away and hasn't flinched,” McAdoo said. “It will be a tight competition.”
see also Ex-quarterback gets hard lesson in new position with Giants When Jacob Huesman took the field for all those snaps...
The Giants didn't keep a fullback on their roster last season, but currently are featuring Shane Smith and former college quarterback Jacob Huesman at the position.
“They are different players,” McAdoo said. “Huesman is a guy who is learning the position. They know the game, but they are new to the position. It will take some time for them to fit their pads in there. Smith is a guy that is a very physical, heavy-handed type player. They play with good leverage. They showed their good hands today and did a nice job.”
Josh Johnson may be strengthening their hold on the No. 2 quarterback job. Johnson, who was recently listed ahead of Geno Smith in the first unofficial depth chart, was the better backup Tuesday, and made the throw of the day on a deep completion to Keeon Johnson down the right sideline.
Defensive end Avery Moss sustained a shoulder injury during practice, and left the field early.
Wide receiver Tavarres King (ankle) did not practice, but has not sustained a setback, according to McAdoo. Defensive tackle Robert Thomas (soreness), cornerback Mykkele Thompson (quad), linebacker Keenan Robinson (concussion) and linebacker Mark Herzlich (stinger) did not practice. Herzlich is considered day-to-day.
Amazon is ramping up the billions of dollars a year it spends on creating and licensing TV shows and films, signaling the retailer plans to be in show business for the long haul.
The issue came to the forefront of investors' attention last week, when Amazon said a step up in its spending on video projects could be one of several reasons it might report a loss this quarter, even as it expects more than $39 billion in overall sales.
The company's shares, though up 33 percent this year, have dipped 5 percent since that warning.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed What venture will Amazon tackle next? 2:58 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Wall Street analysts estimate Amazon's spending on content will have tripled to more than $4.5 billion by the end of this year from 2014.
Catching customers' attention with video now represents one of the company's biggest investments, people familiar with the matter said. Amazon does not break out spending figures, and it declined comment on the subject.
The company has visibly increased its footprint in Hollywood since opening a nearby studio in 2010, and picked up its first Academy Awards earlier this year.
"We expect Amazon to quickly exceed Netflix's annual spending on video," said Needham & Co analyst Laura Martin, who estimates that Netflix, the top online television service, will spend $6 billion on content this year.
Means to an End?
The fast-growing investment in original video is just one of many simultaneous moves by Amazon into new areas, including brick-and-mortar retailing with its planned acquisition of Whole Foods.
Related: Why Amazon Is Buying Whole Foods
Amazon has offered little detail for investors on where it is spending extra on content, or why, making it hard to evaluate if the investment is working. Broadly, it has said video is a key benefit of its money-spinning Prime shopping club, whose members tend to buy more goods from Amazon on top of paying a yearly fee.
"When we win a Golden Globe, it helps us sell more shoes," Chief Executive Jeff Bezos said at a Recode tech conference last year. "People who use Prime Video ... renew at higher rates, and they convert from free trials at higher rates."
One of the people familiar with the company's operations said Amazon has data scientists and economists running computer models to determine how video influences whether shoppers sign up for Prime after a free trial period.
In turn, deciding the budget for video spending involves a complicated set of factors, including subscription fees and the value of extra spending by Prime members, the person said.
Success Not Assured
Despite its award wins for distributing "Manchester by the Sea" and producing TV shows such as "Transparent," Amazon's Hollywood push has not been entirely successful.
An early plan to let anyone submit scripts online and crowd-source opinions on what shows to produce — an effort to disrupt Hollywood's lengthy and expensive greenlight system — has effectively been abandoned.
Some have expressed concern that Amazon is focusing on niche audiences that likely are already Prime Video users, such as recent projects with director Woody Allen.
Related: What Lies Ahead for Amazon?
Meanwhile, costs mount. Amazon paid $10 million to score distribution rights to "Manchester by the Sea" — one of the largest deals ever at the Sundance Film Festival. And it is paying about $50 million to stream 10 Thursday-night games for the U.S. National Football League this year, five times what Twitter had paid for the same rights.
The famously frugal company threw lavish awards show parties, too, a sign it has not been able to shave off as much of Hollywood's notoriously high costs as it may have hoped.
"The bets they have to make on content are subject to the vagaries of the movie business," said Paul Verna, an analyst at research firm eMarketer. Being in Hollywood is "entirely different from being a data company or a tech company or a devices company."
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
WASHINGTON — It landed with a thud on newsstands at Walmart and rural supermarkets last month: Ninety-seven fawning pages saluting Saudi Arabia, whose ambitious crown prince was soon to arrive in the US on a PR blitz to transform their country's image.
As questions swirled about the glossy magazine's origins, the Saudis said they were just as perplexed as everyone else, declaring on Twitter: “If you find out, we'd love to know.”
But files obtained by The Associated Press show that a digital copy of the magazine, produced by American Media Inc., was quietly shared with officials at the Saudi Embassy in Washington almost three weeks before its publication.
How the early copy made it to the Saudis is unclear. Yet the revelation adds another mysterious twist to a murky tale playing out against the backdrop of bids by both President Donald Trump and David Pecker, the tabloid publisher who supports him, to build goodwill with the Saudi kingdom's leaders.
The worlds of Trump, the Saudis and AMI have overlapped before, often in dizzying ways. The Trump administration has aggressively courted the Saudis and found a willing partner on a range of issues, including Iran, counterterrorism and Middle East peace, in the kingdom's royal family. And AMI's flagship publication, The National Enquirer, has been accused by critics of acting as a keeper of secrets for Trump.
AMI denies that it shared an advance copy of “The New Kingdom” with the Saudis or consulted with them on the project, and AMI says the Saudis did not pay the company to produce the magazine. But an individual with knowledge of the situation said AMI indeed reached out to Saudi officials in the US before publication to seek help with the content. The Saudis never responded, said the individual, who wasn't authorized to comment publicly and requested anonymity.
Merely sharing an advance copy with the Saudis, while a deviation from traditional journalistic practice, is not legally problematic for AMI. But the unusual circumstances and continuing mystery of the magazine's origins have led legal experts to point out a separate issue in federal lobbying law: If the Saudis or any other foreign government did direct or pay any company to produce such a magazine, that company would be required to register with the government under the Foreign Agent Registration Act.
There is no evidence any such direction, in this case, occurred.
Why would American Media, best-known for publishing salacious stories of sex and scandal, sink money into printing 200,000 copies of a magazine with a grinning Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman splashed across the cover?
The crown prince is no household name in the US, especially in states like Nebraska where the magazine showed up. And at $13.99 a copy and with no advertisements, the publication seems unlikely to be a money-maker.
Prince Mohammed has won praise in the West for trying to modernize Saudi Arabia and improve some rights for women, but the magazine omits any criticism on such core issues as their hard-hitting tactics, Saudi Arabia's restrictive political system and the country's bloody intervention in Yemen's civil war and strong-handed tactics toward Lebanon.
AMI spokesperson Jon Hammond said they expected the magazine to turn a profit by selling 60,000 copies, comparing it to other AMI special editions on the Olympics, the Kennedys and Elvis Presley — topics that, unlike the Saudi crown prince, are of obvious widespread interest to tabloid readers in the US.
“Absolutely not,” Hammond responded when asked by the AP if American Media had collaborated with the Saudis on the magazine or been paid by them.
Saud Kabli, the Saudi Embassy's communications director, said the embassy had “no role in the production of the magazine.”
“We don't have a problem with the magazine, but we just don't think it is effective,” Kabli said.
Metadata embedded in the PDF file, obtained by the AP from two different individuals, show it was produced by an AMI production employee at 8:41 p.m. on Feb. 19. Shortly thereafter, it started circulating internally among Saudi officials, including the embassy's military office, according to individuals familiar with the situation. It was also passed to Nail al-Jubeir, the former embassy spokesperson and brother of Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir, recently named Saudi ambassador to Ireland, the individuals said.
By the next day — Feb. 20 — Saudi officials had started forwarding it to Washington foreign policy contacts, giving them an early look, said the individuals, who weren't authorized to discuss the situation and requested anonymity.
A month later, on March 19, Prince Mohammed arrived in the US, with the magazine serving as their literary red carpet.
“Meet the next king,” the cover exclaimed, describing the crown prince as “our closest Middle East ally destroying terrorism” and the visionary behind a “city of the future” which “will be operated by robots.”
The magazine draws heavily from newswire photos and stock images — many with no connection to Saudi Arabia, according to Tineye, a reverse-image search tool. Among the supposed Saudi Arabian highlights pictured are sand-dune surfing in Namibia, a massive indoor greenhouse in the Netherlands and wildlife pictures taken in Zambia and Israel.
“There are lots of things that warrant answers,” political law attorney Josh Rosenstein said about the pro-Saudi magazine.
As Saudi Arabia starts to open up to Western entertainment, American Media has sought to expand its media empire into the kingdom — the kind of lucrative opportunity that often comes with the blessing of the Saudi royal court. Last summer, Pecker dined at the White House with Trump and a French business person with close business ties to the Saudis, and later traveled to Riyadh to pitch Saudi investors on helping AMI acquire Time magazine, The New York Times reported. AMI denied making such an ask.
Trump's son-in-law and senior aide, Jared Kushner, has also tried to enlist Prince Mohammed's help with their ambitious Mideast peace initiative. Kushner paid an unannounced visit early in the administration to Saudi Arabia, which also was Trump's first overseas destination as president.
Kushner's family real estate firm, The Kushner Cos., once sought money from a Saudi investor to buy out its partner in a Manhattan skyscraper that had been losing money for years.
Pecker is close to Trump and their struggling tabloid empire also has ties to the president's personal attorney, Michael Cohen. Following an FBI raid on Cohen's office this month, investigators are believed to be examining whether The National Enquirer was involved with Trump's campaign.
The Enquirer endorsed Trump's quest for the presidency. During the 2016 race, the tabloid paid a former Playboy model who said they had an affair with Trump $150,000 to keep silent about the relationship. Last week, the company agreed to let the model, Karen McDougal, out of that contract.
The AP has also reported that AMI had made a $30,000 payment eight months earlier to a former doorman at a Trump building who had a juicy tip about him, requiring the doorman to sign a contract that effectively prevented them from going public. AMI said it paid the doorman not for their silence, but for exclusive rights to the story, which AMI never published because it said the story could not be authenticated.
Image copyright ITV Image caption Gruffyd Wyn Roberts wowed the audience with their rendition of Andrea Bocelli's Nelle Tue Mani from the film Gladiator
An opera singer from Anglesey has been voted into the final of Britain's Got Talent after winning their semi-final.
Gruffyd Wyn Roberts, 22, from Amlwch, wowed the audience on Wednesday with their rendition of Andrea Bocelli's Nelle Tue Mani from the film Gladiator.
Judges Amanda Holden, Simon Cowell, David Walliams and Alesha Dixon labelled the performance "epic".
Comedian Noel James, from the Swansea Valley, appears in Thursday's semi-final on ITV1.
Mr Roberts advanced through to the semi-finals of the show after being given the "golden buzzer" by Holden when they sang Puccini's Nessun Dorma in their audition.
The performance led to comparisons to Paul Potts, who won the first edition of the show in 2007.
The Thomas Fire in California's Ventura and Santa Barbara counties has consumed more than 230,000 acres over the past week — becoming the fifth largest fire in the state's history and continuing to send firefighters scrambling to control the blaze, officials said on Monday.
Crews had 15 percent of the fire under control as of Monday morning, up from the 10 percent reported contained on Sunday night, according to state fire officials.
Photos: California Coast Battles Massive Wildfire
The fire began on Nov. 4 as a Santa Ana wind-driven brush fire and morphed into a massive wildfire — stoked by high winds and feeding on tinder-dry conditions — that thousands of firefighters are still battling as of Monday afternoon.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Thomas Fire grows larger than more Californians evacuate 2:21 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Five fires covering more than a quarter of a million acres continue to rage across Southern California, with 9,000 firefighters combating the flames, according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection, or Cal Fire. Roughly 257,000 acres have burned and destroyed more than 1,000 structures in total.
However, the Thomas Fire has far surpassed the damage of the other blazes. It has threatened 18,000 homes and sent 95,000 residents fleeing, officials said. It has already destroyed nearly 800 structures and damaged 187 others, according to Cal Fire.
Firefighters move away from a burning house after discovering downed live power lines near Carpinteria. Mark Ralston / AFP - Getty Images
The Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office issued evacuation orders on Sunday for the area spanning Buena Vista Drive to Toro Canyon Road from SR-192 north to Camino Cielo. Authorities also issued mandatory evacuation orders for localities in Ventura County, including the City of Ventura, Ojai, Rose Valley, and the unincorporated area of Fillmore.
Officials said fire weather could set off more blazes in the region, particularly the Santa Barbara communities of Montecito and Summerland. Gusty Santa Ana winds could push the blaze west and very low fuel moistures, which indicates fire potential, along with high temperatures and low humidity could ignite potential fires on the west and north sides, authorities said.
Firefighters watch after setting a backfire at night to make progress. David McNew / Getty Images
And while some residents have been able to go back to evacuated homes, officials warned that there are residual dangers.
"When you are able to return home after a wildfire, it doesn't mean that all of the danger is gone,' Cal Fire said in a statement. "Fire damage on your property and the surrounding area has more potential hazards than you might think."
California fire officials offered a webpage with tips for staying safe.
Two spans of catwalks, known as “Hitch-Up Matildas,” are anchored along the cliff walls of Avalanche Mountain to allow hikers to safely traverse the edge of Avalanche Lake. They offer dry footing, a breathtaking view of the Trap Dyke, and of the expanse of water sandwiched between Mount Colden and Avalanche Mountain.
The “Hitch-Up Matildas” got their name from a story about Bill Nye – for whom Mount Nye is named – guiding a hike for Matilda Fielding, their husband, and their niece, back in 1868. The story was first published by Seneca Ray Stoddard in The Adirondacks Illustrated (1874), which I encourage folks to read here.
In 1868, the Hitch-Up Matildas were not in place, and since they didn't mention them, it appears they were not in place when Stoddard's book came out six years later. In 1921, The Adirondack Record-Elizabethtown Post ran a story that referenced the trail through Avalanche Pass to Lake Colden and on to the Flowed Lands, but did not mention the Hitch-Up Matildas.
The earliest account I could find is in a 1926 article on Nye Mountain in High Spots magazine by noted Adirondack trail and mountain historian Russell Carson, in which they describe them as a floating raft of logs chained to Avalanche Mountain. In 1928, Carson said they were “long, narrow rafes of logs, fastened to the shore at each end, carrying the trail.”
According to Keene Resident and Adirondack Mountain Club High Peaks trail guide author and editor Tony Goodwin, the floating raft Matildas were replaced in the 1960s by bridges on rock-filled cribs. These apparently suffered from fluctuations in the water level of Avalanche Lake which occasionally made them impassable.
In the mid-1970s, the NYS Department of Environmental Conservation replaced the Matildas with the current design. They drilled about a foot into the rock face of Avalanche Mountain and anchored a metal beam with a facade of wood in thirty-six places. Wooden planks were then laid across the metal beams to form a bridge about four feet above the water line.
Although some of the wooden planks to become dislodged during Tropical Storm Irene in 2011, they have since been repaired.
Photos of Hitch-up Matildas on Avalanche Mountain courtesy John Sasso.
European stocks dropped to their lowest in nearly two months Thursday, rattled as investors questioned the Federal Reserve's outlook for monetary policy as signs of flagging consumer demand have cropped up.
The Stoxx Europe 600 SXXP, -0.63% fell 0.7% to 384.84, setting it on track for its weakest close since April 21, according to FactSet data. No sector moved higher, and telecom, consumer services and tech shares lost the most.
European investors on Thursday jumped out of so-called risk assets in the wake of soft U.S. economic data Wednesday and as oil prices remained under pressure on oversupply worries.
Meanwhile, eurozone finance ministers were set to talk with the International Monetary Fund about Greece's debt crisis.
Before the Fed met widely held expectations of raising interest rates, weaker-than-expected U.S. retail sales were released Wednesday and data showed a decline in consumer-price inflation.
Concerns about slowing in the U.S. economy, the world's largest, also showed up in the oil market following a smaller-than-expected decline in crude stockpiles. Gasoline stocks, meanwhile, increased just as the U.S. summer driving season is getting underway.
But Fed Chairwoman Janet Yellen late Wednesday indicated the central bank remains on course with its plans to raise borrowing costs and wind down its balance sheet.
“The key takeaway we got was that the Fed expects economic data (particularly inflation) to rebound soon and if so, it will proceed with its hiking plans. However, investors remain skeptical of further near-term hikes,” said Charalambos Pissouros, senior analyst at IronFX, in a note.
“Market pricing suggests more than 50% probability that the Fed will not raise rates again this year. Therefore, moving forward, we expect market focus to be on incoming data and specifically, inflation-related figures,” they said.
With the prospect of a slower pace of rate hikes, the Stoxx Europe 600 Banks Index FX7, -0.16% was off 0.3%.
The euro EURUSD, -0.4903% traded at $1.1180, down from $1.1219 late Wednesday in New York.
At 12 p.m. London time, 7 a.m. Eastern Time, the Bank of England delivers its latest policy decision. The central bank is widely expected to keep its key interest rate at a record low of 0.25%.
The pound GBPUSD, -0.3293% traded at $1.2705 ahead of the announcement, down from $1.2753 late Wednesday in New York.
Indexes: Germany's DAX 30 DAX, -0.75% fell 0.6% to 12,728.88. France's CAC 40 PX1, -0.88% retreated 0.8% to 5,202.84
The U.K.'s FTSE 100 UKX, -0.75% fell 0.7% to 7,425.29.
There's a joke among insurers that there are two things that health insurance companies hate to do — take risks and pay claims. But, of course, these are the essence of their business!
Yet, if they do too much of either, they will go broke, and if they do too little, their customers will find a better policy. This balancing act isn't too hard if they have a pool sufficient to average out the highs and lows. I speak with some experience as the former CEO of one of these firms.
Employee-sponsored insurance has fit this model fairly well, providing good stability and reasonable predictability. Unfortunately, the market for individuals has never worked well.
Generally, this model forces insurers to take fewer risks so that they can still make money. They do this by excluding pre-existing conditions and paying fewer claims. In such a market, fewer people are helped, and when they are able to get insurance, they pay a lot more for it than if they were part of an employee-sponsored plan.
The Affordable Care Act changed all of this. Companies were required to stop doing these bad things. In exchange for taking on substantially more risk of less healthy patients, they were promised more business by getting access to more potential customers.
The federal government offers subsidies to help pay the premiums for consumers whose income falls below a certain level. The law also stipulates that all people must be covered, or they face a penalty. This so-called individual mandate also guaranteed business for the insurance companies, because it led healthy people into the risk pool.
To entice insurers into the market, the ACA also offered well-established methods to reduce risk. For example, it built in protections for insurers who enrolled especially sick people. It also provided backup payments for very high-cost cases and protected against big losses and limited big gains in the first three years.
The initial exit of some latecomers and undercapitalized minor entrants is almost certain to become a flood of firms leaving the exchanges.
These steps worked well in establishing a stable market for Medicare drug plans when this program started under President Bush in 2006. Competition there is vigorous, rates are lower than estimated and enrollees are satisfied. In other words, the market works well.
But when the time came to pay up for risk reduction in the Obamacare exchanges, Congress reneged and paid only 12% of what was owed to the insurers. So, on top of the fact that the companies had to bear the risk of unknown costs and utilization in the startup years, which turned out to be higher than they expected, insurers had to absorb legislative uncertainty of whether the rules would be rewritten.
It is no wonder that this year they have dramatically increased premiums, averaging 20%, to compensate for the extra risk they didn't factor into the original lower rates. In contrast, underlying health costs are rising at about 5%.
Repeal and delay is naive
And now comes the reality of the “repeal and replace” initiatives from the Republicans. If the uncertainty of this market was large before with the ACA, it is almost unknowable under whatever comes next. Thus the initial exit of some latecomers, including United Healthcare, and undercapitalized minor entrants, such as nonprofit co-ops, is almost certain to become a flood of firms leaving the exchanges. They have little choice since the risks are too large and the actuarially appropriate rates are still not obvious given the political turmoil and changing rules.
Some in Congress seem to think that passing the “repeal” part immediately but delaying its implementation for two or three years will somehow leave everything as it is now. But this naive notion misses the fact that the riskiness of the Obamacare individual insurance exchange markets will have been ramped up to such a level that continuing makes no sense.
Even if a company reaches break-even in the “delay” years, it will lose when the repeal is effective. If the premium subsidies now available to lower-income enrollees go away immediately and the mandate to sign up for an insurance plan disappears, then the number of people purchasing individual policies on the exchanges will drop like a rock. In fact, it is clear that even debating this scenario is likely to be self-fulfilling, since insurers must decide on their participation for 2018 by the late spring of 2017. Look for many to leave then.
When the risks are too high, just exit
It is easy to leave a market when things look bad. The health plan I oversaw, although top-rated by JD Powers, was losing huge amounts when I took over. Part of the turnaround we put into place was to withdraw from a number of counties where most of the losses were occurring. The same will be the case in the ACA exchanges.
It is easy to predict that this induced uncertainty from Congress will effectively kill the exchanges even if it delays the implementation of repeal. As a result, all of the individuals who have benefited from coverage and subsidies will lose out. They will either not be able to gain insurance because of a pre-existing condition, or they won't be able to afford the higher premiums.
When they leave the market, it is also easy to guess that the political and economic price will be substantial in terms of patient access, provider uncompensated care costs and employment in the health sector — a major job creator. It is hard to predict these costs, but they could be into the billions of dollars. And, the health of millions could be jeopardized.
Opinion Journal: The ObamaCare enrollee solution (3:53) Pacific Research Institute President and CEO Sally Pipes on how Congress can repeal ObamaCare without stranding insured patients. Photo: iStock
Is there any way out of this dilemma for those who don't like Obamacare? Clearly the first principle, since all of the solutions suggested rely on private insurers, is to reduce the level of risk for them — the opposite of what we are doing now. Even House Speaker Paul Ryan's proposals rely on private firms which will be loath to trust the game they are asked to play because of the dramatic changes to the rules.
If we want them to continue to do the good things required by the ACA, we can't make it so uncertain. What this means is that the mechanisms designed to reduce risk and a stable set of operating arrangements must be reaffirmed as core principles of all reform and replace efforts. This shouldn't be hard for market-oriented Republicans, if they can leave behind their political baggage. Blind talk of repeal with no clear way to build confidence among the private insurers, which will be needed in the replacement phase, leads to market failure.
Like the dog that finally caught the car it had been chasing and doesn't know what to do, what comes next for the administration and Congress isn't clear. But we shouldn't fool ourselves to think it will be easy or painless. Otherwise, it may be that the great experiment trying to establish a viable market for individual insurance — ironically long a conservative objective — will end in the chaos of what came before.
J.B. Silvers is a professor of health finance at Case Western Reserve University. This was first published on The Conversation and is republished with permission.
From Powri
Indianapolis, IN – The POWRi Lucas Oil WAR Sprint League will be competing at the “Diamond of Dirt Tracks” Lucas Oil Speedway in Wheatland, Missouri this Saturday, June 17.
It is the second showing for the WAR Sprints in Wheatland this year. Justin Grant was victorious at Lucas Oil Speedway in May for the last WAR event there.
Since the inception of WAR in 2012, there have been fourteen different WAR drivers in victory lane at Lucas Oil Speedway. Dustin Morgan, Casey Shuman, Chris Parkinson, Derek Hagar, Zach Daum, and Korey Weyant have each scored two total wins there while John Helm, Brady Bacon, Josh Stephens, Austin Alumbaugh, Aric Gentry, Wyatt Burks, Terry Babb, and Justin Grant all have one win at the “Diamond of Dirt Tracks.”
The question remains, will a new winner emerge this weekend, or will a veteran find familiar glory at the 3/8 mile dirt track?
Pit Gates: ALL DAY
Pill Draw: 4:00 PM
Drivers Meeting: 6:00 PM
Hot Laps: 7:00 PM
For further information, Like/Follow POWRi WAR Sprints on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.
www.Facebook.com/WARSprints
www.Twitter.com/WARSprints
www.Instagram.com/WARSprints
Consumer advocates criticized House Republicans' push to effectively defang the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau with a bill passed late last week, but some observers warn that the bill's biggest threat is that it opens the door to a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis.
“It really undermines supervision and it really destroys a lot of other protections against ‘too big to fail,'” said Marcus Stanley, policy director at Americans for Financial Reform. “It goes through and comprehensively disempowers regulators and weakens systemic risk regulation in a huge range of areas.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Pres. Trump Moves to Scale Back Post-Great Recession Crisis Regulations 2:10 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Mike Konczal, a fellow at the Roosevelt Institute, characterized the Financial CHOICE Act — which is likely to be scaled back in the Senate — as an opening volley that lays out Republican priorities for regulatory rollback. “It sets a tone for how the GOP views financial reform overall,” they said.
Republicans and banking interest groups have said that the Dodd-Frank act gives too much power to regulators. “[Dodd-Frank] grants the CFPB vague and sweeping authority to regulate large swaths of the economy… and the authority to impose substantial penalties on individuals and businesses,” senators Ben Sasse (R-NE) and Mike Lee (R-UT) wrote in a January letter to the incoming Trump administration.
Related: Why Republicans Want to Declaw the Nation's Consumer Watchdog
Supporters of the agency say that's exactly the point. “One reason the CFPB was created is that before the crisis, consumer protection authority in the financial sphere was broken up into 11 different agencies,” Konczal said. “It encouraged a regulatory race to the bottom,” they said, creating a system of arbitrage that encouraged banks, pre-Great Recession, to seek out the most lenient regulator and engage in riskier practices.
The biggest risk in the Financial CHOICE Act is how it would deal with “too big to fail” institutions. After the financial crisis, Dodd-Frank created a bankruptcy alternative involving multiple financial regulators, the Orderly Liquidation Authority. That would be rolled back in favor of an enhancement to the bankruptcy code — a provision policy experts like Aaron Klein, a fellow at the Brookings Institution, said would be inadequate in the face of a crisis like the industry faced in 2008.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Fmr. Sen. Dodd: Most Americans want Dodd-Frank autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
When most businesses file for bankruptcy, a financier will step up and keep the troubled firm solvent while the bankruptcy proceeds. But if a giant bank or insurance company fails, there's a problem: “The bankruptcy code is not enough because it assumes somebody can provide debtor-in-possession financing… which works unless it's the providers of that funding that are bankrupt,” Klein said.
“It was recognized that, during periods of high financial stress, even augmented bankruptcy procedures might not be enough to maintain a stable financial system,” former Federal Reserve chairperson Ben Bernanke wrote earlier this year, making the argument in a Brookings Institution blog post that the collapse of Lehman Brothers and the cascading shocks it delivered to global financial markets proved the need for an alternative.
“Ordinary bankruptcy procedures were entirely inadequate for the situation. The bankruptcy judge in the Lehman case… had neither the tools nor the mandate to try to mitigate the effects of the failure on the financial system or the economy,” they said.
“The Orderly Liquidation Authority had broad bipartisan support,” said Cliff Stanford, partner and chair of the bank regulatory group at law firm Alston & Bird. “It was seen as an appropriate mechanism after what happened with Lehman,” they said, although they added that the provision hasn't yet been tested in a financial crisis. “Real-world experiences and experiments with bailouts versus bankruptcy are still being studied,” they said.
Advocates acknowledge that the Orderly Liquidation Authority's ability to act as a bulwark against a repeat of 2008 hasn't been proven, but they argue that relying on the bankruptcy code could create a moral hazard. Anticipating that a crisis that would spook lawmakers into another taxpayer-funded bailout, banks — freed from regulations scuttled by the Financial CHOICE Act — would have both the means and the motivation to engage in risky practices.
“It would make banks more profitable, riskier and more likely to cause a real problem,” Konczal said.
Image copyright @Iglwy/Twitter Image caption Social media posts are showing a large police presence in Cardigan near the Castle
A child has been rescued from a car in a river after a woman claimed a vehicle had been stolen with their three-year-old daughter in the back.
The silver mini was found in the River Teifi in Cardigan, Ceredigion, after a two-hour police search.
Dyfed-Powys Police said a child had been rescued from the vehicle and was receiving medical attention.
A social media post by a woman who said a car had been stolen with their child in the back was shared extensively.
Image copyright @Iglwy/Twitter Image caption Coastguard rescue teams and the RNLI are searching the River Teifi
Image copyright @Iglwy/Twitter Image caption Social media posts are showing pictures of a search helicopter circling above Cardigan
The Wales Ambulance Service confirmed a patient has been flown to Cardiff in the air ambulance.
Milford Haven Coastguard said a "large multi-agency operation" was ongoing and was being directed by Dyfed-Powys Police.
A coastguard helicopter and coastguard rescue teams from Cardigan and nearby Gwbert are searching the area above Cardigan while an RNLI lifeboat is searching the River Teifi.
The police had said they first received a call "as to whereabouts of a silver mini" which had been seen last near the old Scout Hall, which is near to the River Teifi in Cardigan.
"During a search the vehicle was located in the River Teifi, Cardigan," added the police statement.
The condition of the rescued child is not known and large parts of Cardigan are closed off and there is a significant police presence in the Ceredigion town on Monday evening.
Had two Capitol Police officers not worked a baseball diamond at 7 a.m. Wednesday, several members of Congress might be dead.
But their quick action and heroics prevented a shooting rampage from becoming what "very well could have been a large-scale massacre," Rep. Mo Brooks said.
The attack proved how vital -- and encompassing -- the Capitol Police can be. Here's what we know about the often obscure police force:
Who are the US Capitol Police, and what do they do?
More than 2,100 officers and civilians work for the Capitol Police. They're tasked with protecting the members, employees, visitors and facilities of Congress, according to their website.
The USCP also collaborates with other federal agencies and local law enforcement "to increase the collection and sharing of intelligence information," according to the Capitol Police strategic plan.
How big is their jurisdiction?
The Capitol Police jurisdiction is in the District of Columbia. But if members of Congress need additional security while in their home districts (or elsewhere), Capitol Police can coordinate with local police departments to provide that security.
Who were the Capitol Police officers in Wednesday's attack?
Special agents Crystal Griner and David Bailey are being hailed as heroes for taking down the gunman who shot House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others at a baseball practice.
Griner and Bailey are both members of Scalise's security detail.
Brooks, who was on the field when gunfire rang out, said they were amazed by the bravery of Capitol Police.
"The Capitol security guy, who had already been shot, who helped take down the shooter, came limping toward us in the outfield, totally ignoring their own wounds, to check on the person they were primarily responsible for, Steve Scalise," said Brooks, an Alabama Republican.
"We insisted that they (the officer) go back and get attended to because they were bleeding, but they were doing their job. Those two security details, those two Capitol police officers, they showed incredible bravery -- pistols against a rifle -- from a 90- to 120-feet distance. As you know, that kind of distance heavily favors the rifle."
Who gets personal security detail?
Definitely not all 535 members of Congress. But a handful of congressional leaders do have an officer nearby.
"Only constitutional office holders are given (security) details," said Rep. Joseph Crowley of New York, the Democratic Caucus chairperson.
In the House, that includes the speaker of the House, the majority and minority leaders, and both the whips.
"I'm not issued a detail," Crowley said. "No other members of leadership have detail or protection."
In the Senate, the leaders given personal detail are Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, Majority Whip John Cornyn, Minority Whip Dick Durbin and President Pro Tem Orrin Hatch.
But any member of Congress can get extra security, if needed.
"If a threat is made against a specific member, the threat would be reported to police," Crowley said. "Then it would go through a risk assessment, and if it was determined that (the member) needed more security, then they would do it."
What events are Capitol Police required to work?
Capitol Police are required to secure all events on Capitol grounds.
While some members of Congress are granted off-site security detail, the extent to which Capitol Police are present at events outside Capitol grounds is not clear.
Several Congress members declined to provide details on how broad the security detail is, citing security concerns.
What happened to the officers wounded in Wednesday's attack?
Capitol Police Chief Matthew R. Verderosa commended Griner, Bailey and a third officer, Henry Cabrera, "for their heroic and appropriate response in protecting the Members and others."
"I'm grateful that Special Agent Griner is in good condition in the hospital having been shot in the ankle, and Special Agent Bailey was treated and released having sustained a minor injury during the incident," Verderosa said in a statement.
Rep. Roger Williams of Texas was at the GOP baseball practice Wednesday when the shooting started. They praised the two officers who fired back at the gunman.
"There could have easily been 25 deaths today," Williams said. Then their voice began shaking.
"My family and I will be forever grateful."
TOLEDO, Ohio (AP) – Seven Lucas County employees who became sick after exposure to a rare form of Legionnaires' bacteria have filed a lawsuit.
The Blade newspaper reports that the lawsuit seeks damages from the county board of commissioners and multiple other defendants.
The newspaper reports six of the seven are still employed by county Job and Family Services while the other has retired.
Some 15 employees became sick last year, with 11 getting hospital treatment for respiratory illnesses linked to their building's cooling system that circulates water through pipes.
Attorney Daniel Abraham says some of the plaintiffs have ongoing problems from the exposure.
Dennis Lyle, an assistant county prosecutor, declined comment on the lawsuit, but said they believed the problems were corrected and that there were no pending concerns.
Republicans will maintain control of the New York Senate for the remainder of the 2018 legislative session — no matter the outcome of Tuesday's special elections.
That's because conservative Brooklyn Sen. Simcha Felder said Tuesday that they would continue caucusing with the GOP.
Currently, there are 31 Republicans and 30 Democrats, with two empty seats. Even though he's one of the Democrats, Felder provides the GOP with a reliable 32nd vote.
The two empty seats are being contested Tuesday — in the Bronx and in Westchester.
Assemblyman Luis Sepulveda is expected to handily win the Bronx seat vacated by Ruben Diaz Sr., who was elected to the City Council.
But there's a spirited race in Westchester's 37th District, pitting Republican Julie Killian against Democrat Shelley Mayer. The seat was vacated after Democrat George Latimer was elected Westchester County executive last fall.
If Killian defeats Mayer, Republicans will maintain their majority, even without Felder's vote.
But if Mayer wins, Democrats will have a 32-31 edge on paper — but would only control the chamber if Felder switched back to their own party.
Felder insists he's staying put with the GOP — at least through June's end of the legislative session.
“With only 25 days remaining in this year's legislative session, I believe it is my obligation to prevent an unprecedented and uncertain late session political battle that will only hurt my constituents and New Yorkers.
Political gamesmanship must not be allowed to jeopardize the leadership, committee structure and staff of the New York State Senate and push this institution into turmoil. Upheaval and court battles among partisans is not the preferred method of governing,” Felder said in a statement
“Therefore, regardless of which candidates prevail in today's elections, I will continue to caucus with the Majority Coalition. This issue is best resolved outside of the legislative session and I look forward to revisiting it after session. I have great respect for my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and this institution. I intend to work with all of them in the remaining days of session and move the people's work forward in an effective and orderly manner.”
There's a Senate edict that requires a three-fifths vote — or 38 votes in the 63-seat chamber — to change or suspend rules mid-session. That would include who runs the chamber. Republicans were threatening to invoke the rule — if Felder flipped to the Democrats — to remain in charge.
Democrats argued the rule is invalid if the make-up of the Senate changes, and the issue would have likely ended up in court.
Felder's decision to stick with the GOP makes the issue moot.
Every state lawmaker's seat will be up for grabs this fall.
Keegan's dad is back next week, but is they here to stay?
EastEnders' Keegan Baker was briefly reunited with their estranged dad Mitch recently, only for the absent parent to bail on their son after a few days and do a runner. Next week Mitch is back in Walford, but can they make amends with Keegan and ex Karen Taylor or is it too late?
Advertisement
Teen tearaway Keegan skives off school on Monday to secretly meet with Mitch for some father/son bonding time, but their dad surprises them by wanting to get to the root of their boy's problems at Walford High rather than play hooky all day.
Inviting Keegan's teacher Mrs Lund to the flat, they force their son say sorry for their bad behaviour and it seems to do the trick. Karen is cross when they find their errant old flame hanging around, but is forced to admit Mitch is a positive influence on Keegan when they learn he's been helping them with their school stress.
Soon Mitch has has got their feet under the table chez Taylor once again and is back in Karen's good books. Acting like the perfect partner and father, even taking on the housework, has mistrustful Mitch really turned over a new leaf? Or is it all an act?
Just as Karen thinks it's going to be happy families with Keegan's dad, they get a shock in Tuesday's episode that changes everything.
Is Mitch going to leave the Taylors in tatters?
You can watch our exclusive review show A Week in Walford below.
Advertisement
Visit our dedicated EastEnders page for all the latest news, interviews and spoilers.
PAWNEE, Okla. (AP) — Two earthquakes have struck in the area of northern Oklahoma that was rattled last year by the largest earthquake in state history.
The U.S. Geological Survey says the back-to-back earthquakes hit Monday morning near Pawnee, 2 hours south of Wichita.
The USGS says the quakes had magnitudes of 3.2 and 3.3 and there are no reports of injuries or damage.
In September, a 5.8 magnitude earthquake struck Pawnee and caused widespread property damage. Scientists have linked Oklahoma's recent spate of earthquakes to oil and gas production, and state regulators have issued new regulations on the practice of injecting wastewater into underground disposal wells.
SANTA CLARA – When Chip Kelly was fired by the Philadelphia Eagles a year ago, a number of players who had played under them were quick to criticize the head coach for their offensive concepts and their general ability to lead an NFL team just from a personality standpoint.
But after Kelly was let go by the 49ers Sunday following their one-and-done 2-14 season, any rancor toward their coaching concepts or leadership qualities were not expressed from any corner of the locker room. In fact, the consensus among players was that they were very sorry to see Kelly go.
In the subdued day-after locker clean-out at Levi's Stadium on Monday, only a handful of 49ers made themselves available to speak to the carnage of the season and the subsequent firings that resulted. But of those who did speak, none had a bad word to say about Kelly.
“Chip's awesome, man,” said offensive lineman Daniel Kilgore. “I think they did good job. With all the stuff we went through this year, I think they did a good job keeping this locker room together. I'm disappointed. I really liked Chip. He's an awesome coach. At the same time, this is a business. At the end of the day, everybody's got to know that.”
Kilgore's sentiments were consistent with all the players who made themselves available, although none of the most high-profile players – quarterback Colin Kaepernick, linebacker NaVorro Bowman, lineman Joe Staley, running back Carlos Hyde and safety Eric Reid – were on hand to talk.
Veteran receiver Torrey Smith was perhaps the most notable offensive player who addressed Kelly's dismissal, saying the dismal year was not really the head coach's fault.
“I have a lot of respect for Chip Kelly as a coach and even more respect for them as a person,” said veteran wide receiver Torrey Smith. “We let them down in a lot of ways with our play.”
“It's hard to watch them go because he's a good guy,” said receiver Jeremy Kerley, who led the 49ers with 61 catches and 667 yards. “I know it's a business, but they gave me an opportunity to be myself and come in and make plays for this team.”
Kerley, a free agent, would like to return to the 49ers but now that Kelly is gone and a new regime will be coming in, they feel less secure about their future with San Francisco.
That's a sobering fact of life in the NFL for coaches as well as players when results aren't achieved, said offensive guard Zane Beadles.
“Anytime you lose a head coach it's not easy,” Beadles said. “We spend so much time with our coaches you really get to know them, not only on a professional level but a personal level. You hope the best for them, but at the end of the day, it's the business. I've been cut before my own contract was up. It's not the first time it's happened and it won't be the last.”
While clearly an offensive-minded coach, lineman Quinton Dial maintained Kelly also had the respect of the defensive players and made a point of getting to know them personally.
“We built a relationship with them even though it was only a year,” Dial said. “I liked Chip a lot and I felt like I grew under him. We also became a pretty close-knit family with them despite the wins and losses. They always sat in our defensive meetings and interacted with us. Chip's a great guy.”
In the final accounting, that wasn't enough to save their job.
Passes for the fifth annual BottleRock Napa Valley are sold out. Yet, music lovers can still take part in the tuneful fun surrounding the festival.
BottleRock has announced its series of aftershows and festival previews happening in Napa Valley, San Francisco and Sacramento. These gigs feature a number of the artists performing at the festival, including Modest Mouse, House of Pain and Michael Franti.
The schedule is listed below.
Tickets for the 2017 BottleRock Napa Valley previews and aftershows start at $22 and go on sale at 10 a.m. April 18, bottlerocknapavalley.com/aftershows.
Schedule:
May 24:
JJ Grey & Mofro with Kuinka at the JaM Cellars Ballroom in Napa.
Dirty Heads with special guest HIRIE at Ace of Spades in Sacramento.
May 25:
Third Annual Vines & Vibes with Michael Franti & Friends at Auberge du Soleil in Rutherford, Napa Valley.
Dirty Heads with special guest HIRIE at the JaM Cellars Ballroom in Napa.
gnash with special guest at Ace of Spades in Sacramento.
May 26:
Bob Moses with special guest Day Wave at the JaM Cellars Ballroom in Napa.
Jessica Hernandez & The Deltas with DREAMERS at Silo's in Napa.
May 27:
St. Lucia with special guest A R I Z O N A at the JaM Cellars Ballroom in Napa.
Modest Mouse with special guest MATTRESS at The Masonic in San Francisco.
The Shelters with Run River North at Silo's in Napa.
May 28:
House of Pain with special guest at the JaM Cellars Ballroom in Napa.
BottleRock Napa Valley runs May 26-28, featuring Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, Maroon 5, Modest Mouse, Foo Fighters and dozens of other acts.
Follow Jim Harrington at twitter.com/jimthecritic and www.facebook.com/jim.bayareanews.
The Daily Stormer, a Neo-Nazi website that promoted the "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville, Va., will no longer be hosted by GoDaddy, after the service received calls to ban the site over its hate-filled stories.
The Daily Stormer is now seen as trying to spin the threat of being taken down, with the site posting a story that claims to be written by hackers affiliated with the activist group Anonymous. That story includes a threat to delete the site within 24 hours. But a main source of news about Anonymous says the group doesn't seem to be involved.
The dispute over the website comes after a violent weekend in Charlottesville culminated in the killing of Heather Heyer, 32, an anti-white nationalist protester. Police say James Alex Fields Jr., 20, killed Heyer when they drove their car into a crowd of people.
The Daily Stormer then published a story mocking Heyer and making light of the events in Virginia, prompting calls for GoDaddy, which hosts the site, to be taken down.
Posting a link to the offending story, women's rights advocate Amy Siskind‏ wrote via Twitter, "@GoDaddy you host The Daily Stormer - they posted this on their site. Please retweet if you think this hate should be taken down & banned."
More than 6,500 people retweeted that message, and the web service replied late Sunday night, "We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service."
In the story on the Daily Stormer, the purported hackers say they'll delete the site by the same deadline set by GoDaddy. But in a break with notable hacking takeovers, the story doesn't appear as a message plastered on the front of the site; instead, it's published alongside other pieces, including the one about Heyer.
The Daily Stormer is published by Andrew Anglin, who also writes much of its most high-profile content; the site is supported by reader donations rather than by advertising.
The alleged hackers' message included the hashtag #TANGODOWN — a term that was quickly used by opponents of the site's views to celebrate its seeming demise. News organizations around the world ran stories about the apparent takeover, which had included the explanation, "this evil cannot be allowed to stand."
But a Twitter account that often relays news about Anonymous states, "We have no confirmation that 'Anonymous' is involved yet. Looks more like a DS stunt. Wonder if they are having issues finding a new host."
Referring to the all-caps message posted on the site — about an elite team targeting Anglin and their site — the account states, "We find claim that it took a 'UNITED FORCE OF ELITE HACKERS' to hack a CMS run by amateurs incredibly amusing."
People commenting on the Daily Stormer site also found the situation amusing, noting that the supposed hackers had said they had located Anglin and would be "sending our allies in Lagos to pay them a visit in person."
"LOL, this meme just won't end," one person wrote about the Lagos reference.
Earlier this year, Anglin's website was linked to an office in Worthington, Ohio, the Columbus suburb where they went to high school. As Columbus Alive reported, "Anglin's current whereabouts remain unknown."
The most popular response on the comment board was one that mocked people on Twitter who had announced the Daily Stormer had been taken over.
"Anglin you are a legend," one person wrote.
BBC Sportscene
Jonathan Sutherland introduces highlights from the weekend's Scottish Premiership action. Friday evening sees Aberdeen travelling to Tayside to take on Dundee, while Saturday sees Rangers hosting Ross County and Motherwell heading to Tynecastle Park to play Hearts. Other games include Hamilton v St Johnstone, Kilmarnock v Partick Thistle and Celtic v Hibernian.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO — A Castro Valley man was identified as the pedestrian hit and killed while crossing El Camino Real in South San Francisco on Thursday morning, according to the San Mateo County Coroner's Office.
Odbayar Damdin, 43, was walking across the southbound lanes near Noor Avenue when they were hit by a southbound vehicle around 6:25 a.m. Thursday, according to South San Francisco police. They died at the scene.
Damdin was initially described as a San Jose resident but that was revised Friday.
The driver stopped and cooperated with investigators. The collision remains under investigation, but police said there did “not appear to be any criminal violations associated at this time,” and added that the victim was not in a crosswalk when they were hit.
Anyone with information about the collision can contact Officer Robert Reinosa at 650-877-8900.
LAWRENCE, Kan. — Kendall Smith knocked down a 3-pointer from the wing in the first half, silencing a buzzing sellout crowd of Kansas fans. The Oklahoma State guard instinctively put their finger to their lips in the universal sign for “shush.”
Smith silenced them again when it mattered most.
The senior backup scored 24 points, including the clinching free throws in the final seconds, and the Cowboys held on to beat the Jayhawks 84-79 on Saturday for a rare win in Allen Fieldhouse.
“Just one of those, you know, you play college basketball and when you're done you say, ‘I was in Allen Fieldhouse one time and I hit a shot and silenced the crowd,”‘ Smith said afterward.
Cameron McGriff added 20 points and Jeffrey Carroll had 15 for the Cowboys (14-9, 4-6 Big 12), who built an 18-point first-half lead and dominated the boards in ending their three-game losing streak.
It was the third loss for the Jayhawks (18-5, 7-3) in the Phog this season, their most since the 1998-99 season. It was also their second home loss in league play.
“This is as tough an environment you can play in college basketball,” Smith said. “I think we had a full team effort, topo to bottom. Everybody came in and gave us something.”
Devonte Graham gave the Jayhawks a chance when their two foul shots drew them within 82-79 with 14.2 seconds to go. But after they squandered several seconds trying to foul Smith, the guard capped their big performance by knocking down two free throws to put the game away.
“We've been in a lot of these games, really competitive,” said Cowboys coach Mike Boynton, whose team won without injured guard Tavarius Shine. “Really proud of my kids for showing the kind of fight and competitive spirit. Got a locker room full of guys that always respond.”
Udoka Azubuike had 20 points and Graham and Svi Mykhailiuk scored 17 apiece for Kansas, which was celebrating 120 years of basketball by welcoming back dozens of former players and coaches.
They didn't have much to cheer about on a sunny Saturday morning.
A nip-and-tuck start gave way to complete first-half dominance by the Cowboys, who at one point had more second-chance points (18) than the Jayhawks had total (16).
One of the nation's most prolific 3-point shooting teams, the Jayhawks were relegated to dumping the ball to Azubuike in the post. And the big fella was unable to keep up with Oklahoma State's own 3-point barrage, which at one point stretched the lead to 18 points late in the half.
Kansas coach Bill Self, who typically stalks the sideline, instead sat glumly as their team followed a 3-for-15 start from the field with three consecutive turnovers.
The Jayhawks' 46-33 halftime deficit matched their biggest of the season.
“Right from the jump,” Self said, “they were so much quicker and more competitive.”
Kansas dug into its disadvantage early in the second half, quickly trimming the lead to seven points on Newman's flurry of baskets. But for the next 10 minutes, the Cowboys matched the Jayhawks shot-for-shot, answering each attempt at starting a run with a crucial rebound or big basket.
The Cowboys still clung to a 78-71 lead after Newman missed a foul shot with about two minutes left, and Smith scored twice as the Jayhawks were trying to foul them to keep a comfortable lead.
Kansas finally got the game to one possession, only for Smith to hit the clinching foul shots.
“It's very frustrating,” said Graham, who has been hobbled the last week by a knee injury. “We're way better on the road than we have been at home. We have to find a way to come out and crush teams the way they came out and stepped on our throats today.”
120 YEARS OF HOOPS
The Jayhawks recognized the birth of its basketball program during a halftime ceremony, highlighted by the 30th anniversary of their 1988 title team. There was also a reunion banquet Saturday night with more than 400 players, staff and coaches from every era expected to attend.
BIG PICTURE
Oklahoma State had a 41-28 advantage on the glass, which produced a 26-7 advantage in second-chance points. That kind of hustle infuriated Self and proved too much for Kansas to overcome.
Kansas' shooting went wayward as the Cowboys mixed zone and man-to-man defences. The Jayhawks were 8 of 22 from beyond the 3-point arc, and several of those makes were in desperation time.
UP NEXT
Oklahoma State returns home against Baylor on Tuesday night.
Kansas continues its homestand Tuesday night against TCU.
——
More AP college basketball: collegebasketball.ap.org and twitter.com/AP–Top25
With college classes starting soon, ideally you've made all your payments and are ready to settle in. But if you're still looking for financial aid to help cover your tuition, you'll have to move fast. Here are six strategies recommended by people who specialize in college admissions.
1. Contact your school's financial aid office
Call your school today to discuss your options with a financial-aid officer, who can lay out funding options or direct you to the school's payment plan, if available.
“They want the student, they're expecting the student, they have the deposit, they're holding a dorm for them, so they have a huge incentive to work things out for the student,” says Donald Heller, provost and vice president of academic affairs at the University of San Francisco.
Confusion around borrowing money and questions about how to finance a degree can scare people off, says Ofelia Morales, director of financial aid at the University of Colorado, Boulder.
“Why not come to the people who understand it and can help guide you?” they say.
2. Submit a student-aid application
If you haven't already, fill out and submit the Free Application for Federal Student Aid, or FAFSA, which is used by the federal government, states and schools to determine what kind of aid might be available to you.
Since you're submitting it close to the start of the fall classes, you may have missed out on certain grants, scholarships or need-based aid, but federal loan options are still available. The student aid award letter you receive from filing the FAFSA will detail what federal loans you may qualify for. The sooner you apply, the better the chances that you'll receive any aid that's on the table. Let your school's financial aid office know that you have submitted the FAFSA and keep in touch once your award letter arrives.
3. Appeal your financial aid offer
If your family's finances have taken a hit since you received a financial aid award, let your school know, since you could be eligible for more aid.
“They should be honest,” says Lisa Sohmer, an independent college consultant in Los Angeles. “They should say, this is what happened — ‘my mother left their job' or ‘the family relocated' or ‘my sibling had a health crisis' — or whatever it is that caused the sudden inability to pay the bill. Find out if there's anything the financial aid office can do to help.”
4. Find scholarships
Look for scholarships with deadlines that haven't passed, or ask the financial aid office if your school has scholarships that haven't yet been awarded. Occasionally, a scholarship will remain open because an applicant has yet to meet the criteria, Heller says. You can find scholarships and deadlines at the U.S. Department of Labor's CareerOneStop scholarship finder.
5. Consider private student loans
Federal subsidized and unsubsidized student loans come with borrower protections and income-driven repayment options that private loans don't offer, so the federal options should be exhausted first.
Private loans usually require a cosigner and typically carry higher interest rates than federal subsidized loans, but the private-loan option may be necessary to close a funding gap. You can borrow private loans from banks, credit unions and online lenders. College admissions experts advise borrowing no more in student loans over the course of getting your degree than you anticipate making in your first year's salary.
6. Plan long-term options
If you're still left with a money gap after trying other options, consider deferring your start date for a term or a year to maximize your financial aid. To decide if this will help your financial situation, find out what you may have been eligible for had you submitted a FAFSA on time.
“Ask ‘What would my aid package look like if I did this earlier?' and ‘Would it be possible for me to do that for next year?'” says Karen McCarthy, director of policy analysis for the National Association of Student Financial Aid Administrators in Washington, D.C.
But those who work in college admissions say you also need to think beyond last-minute funding and consider whether your school is affordable in the long run.
“Financial aid are presented as one-year deals, so students tend to think of them as one-year problems,” says Bart Grachan, interim associate dean for progress and completion at LaGuardia Community College in Queens, New York. “So if they have cobbled all kinds of resources — ‘I have this emergency funding, this local scholarship, grandma kicked in $2,000' — they need to multiply out the next four years and ask themselves, is that sustainable?”
More from NerdWallet:
The Palestinian president on Monday called the U.S. ambassador to Israel a "son of a dog" in an angry rant against the Trump administration, signaling new trouble ahead for an expected U.S. peace proposal.
President Mahmoud Abbas also took aim at the rival Hamas militant group, accusing it of being behind an attempted assassination last week of their prime minister and security chief, and threatening to retaliate.
In an address to Palestinian officials, Abbas pre-emptively rejected the White House peace proposal, which is still being developed.
U.S. officials have not said when it will be unveiled, but Abbas has already ruled it out, accusing the Trump administration of being unfairly biased in favor of Israel.
In their speech, Abbas criticized the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, the American plan to move its embassy to the city and the cutoff of hundreds of millions of dollars in aid to the U.N. agency for Palestinian refugees.
They also condemned Ambassador David Friedman's close ties with the West Bank settler movement, describing them as a "son of a dog."
"Then they said, 'Wait for our plan.' What shall we wait for? We will not," they said. "Many said, 'Why don't you go to Washington?' They want us to go to Washington to sign. We will not accept that, and we will not let it pass."
Friedman responded to the remarks at a conference on anti-Semitism in Jerusalem.
Abbas' "response was to refer to me as a son of a dog. Anti-Semitism or political discourse? Not for me to judge. I leave that all up to you," Friedman said.
In Washington, U.S. State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said, "President Abbas's comments were outrageous and unhelpful. We urge the Palestinian Authority to focus its efforts on improving the lives of the Palestinian people and advancing the cause of peace."
Jason D. Greenblatt, a Trump assistant and special representative for international negotiations also responded sharply:
"The time has come for President Abbas to choose between hateful rhetoric and concrete and practical efforts to improve the quality of life of their people and lead them to peace and prosperity," they said.
"We are committed to the Palestinian people and to the changes that must be implemented for peaceful coexistence. We are finalizing our plan for peace and we will advance it when circumstances are right."
Hamas seized control of Gaza from Abbas' forces in 2007, and attempts at reconciliation have repeatedly failed. The U.S. has been pushing for progress in reconciliation in the run-up to its peace proposal.
Abbas, however, said they were furious over the bomb that targeted the convoy carrying their prime minister and security chief last week, which did not seriously injure anyone. Abbas said they would take new punitive measures against Hamas.
"As president of the Palestinian people I've decided to take all national, legal and financial measures," said Abbas, without elaborating. They said their government will either take full responsibility for Gaza or abandon it to Hamas, a step that would in effect end the dream of a Palestinian state in the West Bank and Gaza.
Abbas has already taken steps to put pressure on Hamas, including reducing electricity shipments to Gaza and cutting the salaries of former civil servants. Those steps, along with an Israeli-Egyptian blockade, have worsened Gaza's long-running humanitarian crisis.
Earlier this month, the U.S. hosted a "brainstorming" conference on how to improve conditions in Gaza. "After 10 years, they realized that the Gaza humanitarian situation is tough," Abbas said derisively.
This short film from Howler Brothers features a behind the scenes glimpse into the life and hometown of Howler Brothers Ambassador Christiaan Pretorius.
The clear-cut winner for 2016, determined by a membership vote, is 20th Century Fox's Hidden Figures written by Theodore Melfi and Allison Schroeder
(PRUnderground) February 14th, 2017
The Los Angeles Press Club is excited to announce the winner of its 2nd annual Veritas Award for the Best Film Based on or Inspired by Real Events and People. This award is judged by members of the LAPC — based equally upon fidelity of subject matter and artistic excellence.
The clear-cut winner for 2016, determined by a membership vote, is 20th Century Fox's Hidden Figures written by Theodore Melfi and Allison Schroeder, based on the book by Margot Lee Shetterly and directed by Theodore Melfi; starring Octavia Spencer, Taraji P. Henson and Janelle Monae .
Hidden Figures is the untold story of a team of African-American women mathematicians who served a vital role for NASA during the early days of the struggling U.S. space program. The story highlights the work of the visionary trio who triumphed over both racial and gender bias to launch astronaut John Glenn into orbit and thereby lift the spirits of a nation and inspire generations to dream beyond the heavens.
“It seems fitting our members would choose Hidden Figures for our Vertitas Award. Had it not been for the book and this movie the importance of these women might never have been widely known,” said LA Press Club President Robert Kovacik, Anchor/Reporter of NBC4 Southern California.
WHAT: The Veritas Awards
WHEN: Wednesday, February 22 at 6 pm
WHERE: Los Angeles Press Club @ The Steve Allen Theater
WHO: Theodore Melfi and Allison Schroeder along with surprise guests — check LApressclub.org for updates on participants
HOSTS: Robert Kovacik, NBC4 SoCal and Justin Chang, Los Angeles Times
Hosted Bar and finger food.
COST: Free for LA Press Club Members. $25 for all others. R.S.V.P a must.
PARKING: Free, enter from Berendo
METRO: Red line, Sunset/Vermont
About Los Angeles Press Club
The Los Angeles Press Club stands as an organization devoted to improving the spirit of journalism and journalists, raising the industry's standards, strengthening its integrity and improving its reputation all for the benefit of the community at large. Serving the Southland since 1913, it is the only Southern California journalism group that speaks for all journalists working for daily and weekly newspapers, radio & TV, magazines, documentary films and online.
EPL: Frank Lampard backs Salah over Ronaldo, Messi for Ballon d'Or – Daily Post Nigeria
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The best place to start at the Noguchi Museum's modest but tightly packed retrospective of the whimsically literary Uruguayan-American sculptor Gonzalo Fonseca, is with their 1961 painting “Facade II.”
Photo
For that piece, Fonseca, who arrived in New York in 1958 after dropping out of an architecture program in Montevideo, made a small wooden frame filled with cement and divided the piece with incised lines into seven irregular vertical stripes. They also incised a drawing of a ladder, and outlined other simple shapes, including a window, a cross and two human silhouettes; painted most of the surface maroon; and scraped away some of that surface again to reveal the dingy gray color underneath. In the bottom near the right corner is a small blackened doorway.
It's a hallucinatory vision, equal parts surreal, symbolic, modern and faux-primitive, and the fact that the two human figures are of dramatically different sizes makes it very difficult to get a bead on. There's a roof marked out, too, as well as a window, and thin gray lines between the red stripes that could be walls, but if you start to imagine yourself entering the doorway, like a worshiper into a smoky kiva, you get stuck on just how big you're supposed to be. The key to it all, though, is that ladder. Hanging in the air, leading nowhere, it's emblematic of Fonseca's relentless ambiguity.
“Castalia” and “Arethusa,” two low, horizontally oriented sculptures from 1980, currently sited next to Noguchi's rock garden, are also covered with basic structures — pyramids, basins, tiny post-and-lintels — that could be ruins, notes, or references to pueblos or to Cappadocia rock formations. Or they could be unfinished architectural proposals. Whatever they are, they're unusually dependent on the viewer's own imagination to give them life.
LAS VEGAS — Saul “Canelo” Alvarez says they have dreamed of knocking out Gennady “Triple-G” Golovkin when they meet Saturday night for boxing's middleweight championship at T-Mobile Arena.
“Every day and every night I visualize the knockout,” Alvarez said. “It's something I train for. It's not something I can predict. But it's something I visualize.”
It says here Alvarez, of Guadalajara, Mexico, will have their hand raised, but their victory won't come from a knockout, but by a close decision that will be controversial enough to demand what could be an even bigger rematch.
Alvarez (49-1-1, 34 KOs) is a slight underdog to the hard-punching Golovkin (37-0, 33 KOs), of Kazakhstan. It's a valid assumption considering Golovkin, the unified world champion, has made 18 straight title defenses of some version of the middleweight crown and owns the highest knockout ratio in the division's history. But their invincibility was cracked a bit last March when Brooklyn's Danny Jacobs went the distance with Golovkin, who earned a 12-round decision at Madison Square Garden.
The Golovkin camp viewed it as an assurance Golovkin could fight for 12 hard rounds. The Alvarez camp saw vulnerability as Jacobs was able to hold their own after an early knockdown.
“He has flaws,” Alvarez said of Golovkin. “They're there. You just have to know where to find them and how to attack them. You'll see Saturday night.”
Most view Saturday's matchup as a 50-50 fight that will go one of two ways. Golovkin's power and relentless attack ultimately will overwhelm Alvarez and lead to a middle to late-round stoppage. That's how Golovkin's trainer Abel Sanchez sees it.
“I think it's a difficult fight for three or four rounds,” Sanchez said. “I think the tactics will be determined at that point; what one guy's going to do and what the other guy's going to do. I think that Canelo's is going to succumb to the physicality of Golovkin. I think towards the end of the fight, Golovkin will be too strong for them and he'll hit them too much. But I wouldn't be surprised if it goes 12.”
To go the distance, Alvarez will need to use movement, their jab and counterpunching skills to score points and win enough rounds to capture a decision. But Alvarez could be their own worst enemy.
It is Mexican Independence weekend and a sold-out T-Mobile Arena largely will be filled with Alvarez fans. That could prompt Alvarez to be filled with Mexican pride and go toe-to-toe with Golovkin, which would be a mistake.
Instead, Alvarez must not fight “Mexican style” as it's called. They need to be more Floyd Mayweather style: hit and not get hit. Whether Alvarez can perform well enough to pull it off is uncertain. They were brilliant using their boxing skills to defeat Miguel Cotto in November 2015, and hardly had a glove laid on them last May when they dominated Julio Cesar Chavez Jr.
Golovkin is no Chavez, but Alvarez keeps talking as if he's ready for slugfest, though it may not be in their best interest.
see also Intensely private Golovkin opens up about late brothers LAS VEGAS — If Gennady Golovkin is able to defeat...
“There's going to be a lot of punishment on both sides,” Alvarez said. “That's how I envision the fight and that's what I'm prepared for.”
Alvarez likes to fight off the ropes, but if they do that against Golovkin, they will lose. Jacobs was able to keep the fight in the middle of the ring during the later rounds against Golovkin and survived by standing tall and using their jab. Alvarez will have to take risks, but they have to take smart risks.
“If you don't risk, you don't run the chance of winning so you have to take risks,” Alvarez said.
The common thinking is Golovkin will be the bigger fighter. They have spent their entire career as a full-fledged middleweight, while Alvarez was mostly a junior middleweight. Both weighed in right at the 160-pound middleweight limit Friday. Both looked to be in tremendous shape.
“I'm not afraid of anyone. I'm going to show them who Canelo really is,” Alvarez said.
Golovkin called the bout a toss-up.
“It's not as easy fight for them or for me,” they said. “A couple rounds will be close where they look at my strategy and I look at their strategy. The second half will be like a street fight.”
That's the last thing Alvarez needs.
Prediction: Alvarez by decision.
Atlanta Braves relief pitcher Arodys Vizcaino throws in the ninth inning of a game April 8 in Denver. David Zalubowski AP
Follow @insidefutbol
Myles Beerman has backed Rangers' Games Programme this season, with the youngster insisting that their side want to compete against the likes of Manchester United, Manchester City and Barcelona.
The young Gers have decided against playing in the Development League this season and have instead created a Games Programme, which sees them facing Premier League opponents and other European teams.
Rangers, who have already faced heavyweight teams such as Manchester City, Liverpool and Benfica, have also reached an agreement with Ajax, Chelsea, Inter Milan, PSG, PSV, RB Leipzig, Copenhagen and Marseille for clashes between February and May.
And Beerman thinks Rangers are improving more due to their new system this season as it is providing the Light Blues with an opportunity to come up against some of Europe's top clubs.
“Yes, definitely”, they told Rangers TV, when asked if the new Games Programme is improving the young Gers more.
“We play for Rangers so we want to be in the top arch of any football teams.
“For example, we want to be amongst the Uniteds, the Citys, the Barcelonas.
“We want to be competing against teams like that.
“We feel like we are learning.
“I spoke to Craig [Mulholland] at the beginning of the season and they said that, ‘it's going to be a tough, tough season for us because it's the first year we're doing this.'
“We are obviously playing against teams, who are at a higher level than the teams in Scotland.
“It's harder than what we had last season obviously and we've lost a few games as well.
“It's hard for us, but we are learning game by game and we are also learning how to play against top level players.”
Rangers, who edged out Benfica 3-2 in their last outing in November, are next up against AEK Athens on Tuesday.
Students at John Sinnott Elementary School have been putting what they've learned in the classroom to good use over the last few months as they worked to design and build a tiny home on campus with the help of parents and local businesses.
Wearing hard hats and with staple guns in hand, Sinnott students were joined by parents, teachers and San Jose-based Blach Construction's contractors, carpenters and engineers during a barn raising on April 1.
The tiny home, a 200-square-foot residence located at 2025 Yellowstone Ave., is deemed to be Project Based Learning, or PBL, in action, in which students gain knowledge and skills by working for an extended period of time to investigate and respond to a question, problem or challenge.
The home's walls and roof were put together, and finishing touches including putting the windows in, weatherproofing the roof and laying out the deck were completed. Students and parents helped work on the individual parts then Blach Construction joined the sections together to form the tiny home.
Once the home was put together the students (in third, fifth and sixth grades), staff and their families stepped through the door of what had been an idea only two and a half months ago.
“We had our barn-raising and we raised the walls and roof. And now, outside Mrs. Maultsby's classroom is a built tiny home with waterproofing paper on it. I'm most looking forward to helping paint it. I love painting,” said third-grader Salvador Simon, who helped with marketing the project.
Simon, 9, said working on the tiny home was a challenge.
“It's like you have to work hard on it and work very well and try not to get anything messed up or else it will mess up the home calculations,” they said. “We've been drilling and on one wall, we stapled the waterproof paper on and helped to put caulk on the window.”
Once complete, the tiny home will be used as an extension of the classroom in a variety of ways. It will be a reading and writing nook, math center, PBL work area, gardening center and cross-grade level collaboration space. Also, the plan is to install a solar system to light the tiny home's interior.
Blach returned to campus to put finishing touches on the home over the weekend, according to Shannon Carr, the school district's spokesperson. They said next steps include installing solar panels, painting the exterior and interior of the home with help from students, placing an awning on the home and adding trees, bushes and planter boxes of flowers at the residence.
All materials and services for the estimated $10,000 tiny home have been donated by local companies and parents.
On May 19, a ribbon cutting ceremony will be held to unveil the completed home.
“The students and teachers have learned so much in making our tiny home a reality. It's a life experience that cannot be easily put into words, but will not soon be forgotten,” Rita Maultsby, lead teacher on the project, said.
Follow @insidefutbol
Mark Warburton has issued a statement following their departure from Rangers and claims the Scottish giants have not answered key questions posed to them by the League Managers' Association.
Rangers claimed on Friday night last week that Warburton, their assistant David Weir and head of recruitment Frank McParland, had all resigned from the club and their resignations had been accepted.
It was claimed the trio's agent wanted them to be released from their contract without compensation needing to be paid to any club wishing to appoint them, amid speculation that Nottingham Forest were keen, and Rangers agreed to the proposal, terminating their employment.
Warburton insists there is a limit to what they can say due to the legal process, but has claimed Rangers have not answered key questions sent to them by the LMA, something which has surprised him, while putting on record that they do not believe he, along with Weir and McParland, resigned from their roles.
In a statement carried by AP, Warburton said: "Much has been said over the last few days relating to our departure from Rangers Football Club. At this stage, for legal reasons, it is inappropriate for us to comment in any great detail on our departure from the club.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Washington is waking up to the huge scope and scale of Chinese Communist Party influence operations inside the United States, which permeate American institutions of all kinds. China's overriding goal is, at the least, to defend its authoritarian system from attack and at most to export it to the world at America's expense.
The foreign-influence campaign is part and parcel of China's larger campaign for global power, which includes military expansion, foreign direct investment, resource hoarding and influencing international rules and norms. But this part of China's game plan is the most opaque and least understood. Beijing's strategy is first to cut off critical discussion of China's government, then to co-opt American influencers in order to promote China's narrative.
“We have a lot of discussion of Russian interference in our elections, but the Chinese efforts to influence our public policy and our basic freedoms are much more widespread than most people realize,” said Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), co-chairperson of the Congressional-Executive Commission on China. “This is an all-out effort to not simply promote themselves in a better light but to target Americans within the United States.”
On Wednesday, the CECC will hold a hearing on the “Long Arm of China” to expose Chinese efforts to gain political influence, control discussion of sensitive topics, interfere in multilateral institutions, threaten and intimidate human-rights defenders, impose censorship on foreign publishers and influence academic institutions.
Rubio pointed to Chinese government-sponsored Confucius Institutes on US university campuses that operate under opaque contracts and often stand accused of interfering in China-related education activities. China's sponsorship of think tank research, academic chairs and intellectual partnerships also demand scrutiny, they said.
A recent report by Foreign Policy detailed how former Hong Kong chief executive Tung Chee-hwa has spent money through their China-United States Exchange Foundation, funding research at the Johns Hopkins University School of Advanced International Studies, the Brookings Institution and elsewhere.
CUSEF denies pushing Chinese government ideology, but its connections are clear. Tung is vice chairperson of a body called the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, which is connected to the United Front Work Department, the Communist Party agency designed to advance party objectives with outside actors.
Recipients routinely insist their academic independence is intact. But as China exploits these institutions' need for cash, examples of self-censorship mount. Researchers understand that their access to China depends on not ruffling feathers. Publishers agree to erase critical articles from journals to gain access to the Chinese market.
By influencing the influencers, China gets Americans to carry its message to other Americans. That's much more effective than having Chinese officials deliver those messages, said Glenn Tiffert, visiting fellow at the Hudson Institution.
“People are starting to ask,” Tiffer said, “to what extent does the person who pays the piper get to call the tune?”
The general push is for US institutions to join together to set standards and best practices for dealing with Chinese government-linked entities and when taking Chinese money. By pooling information and resources, universities may be able to resist Chinese pressures and advocate for academic integrity.
Still, a huge gap remains between China's efforts and America's response. Beijing is emboldened by perceived weaknesses in the democratic world and the Trump administration's retreat from promotion of US values.
While the Chinese Communist Party historically dedicated itself to defending its domestic repression and strict social controls, Beijing under Xi Jinping is increasingly promoting that system as a model for development abroad while working to define global governance to cement Chinese practices.
All countries seek influence abroad, pursue soft power and spread propaganda. But the Chinese combination of technology, coercion, pressure, exclusion and economic incentives is beyond anything this country has faced before. The sooner the United States acknowledges that reality, the better chance we have of responding.
© 2017, The Washington Post
Wall Street is not convinced the incoming Trump administration will immediately reignite the US economy's afterburners.
While President-elect Donald Trump is promising to increase US gross domestic profit to 5 percent to 6 percent from its current 2 percent level, Wall Street banks are forecasting that, at least in its first year, a Trump White House will fall short of its goal.
JPMorgan Chase is predicting a 1.9 growth rate next year. Others are a bit more bullish: Wells Fargo predicts 2.1 percent growth and Goldman Sachs says it will grow at about 2.25 percent.
As for the S&P 500, Wall Street sees the popular index finishing 2017 up just slightly — well below the 9.5 percent gain in 2016 and the 7 percent average gain.
Goldman, Bank of America, UBS and Credit Suisse all predict the S&P 500 will end the year at about 2,300 — only 2.4 percent higher than its 2016 close. JPMorgan is more bullish, forecasting a 7.2 percent rise in the index.
“This American economic expansion has been like a healthy tortoise, ambling slowly but steadily down the road,” David Kelly, chief global strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management, wrote. “There are signs the tortoise may pick up the pace in 2017.”
As to the actions of the Federal Reserve, almost every major Wall Street bank predicts it will increase rates two or three times next year.
“The market has moved toward our expectation that we'll see three hikes from the Federal Reserve next year,” Jan Hatzius, Goldman's chief economist, said in a video presentation.
Banks have been notoriously wrong regarding predictions for the Fed's plans, though — most banks forecast that Chair Janet Yellen would raise rates three or four times in 2016.
In fact, they did so only once.
It's a difficult feat to make the cut in a major championship, and it's even more impressive to do so four times in a calendar year.
Only 13 players were able to play the weekend at each of the four major championships in 2017. The group included names you'd expect, like Jordan Spieth, Hideki Matsuyama and Rickie Fowler, but it also had some more surprising members like Russell Henley, Steve Stricker and Lee Westwood.
Based on cumulative score to par, the best of the 2017 majors was Brooks Koepka, who won the U.S. Open with a 16-under total. They were also 1 under at the Masters (T-11), 4 under at The Open (T-6) and Even at the PGA Championship (T-13). That cumulative total of 1,119 strokes was one better than those of Matsuyama and Open runner-up Matt Kuchar.
Here's a look at the full scoring breakdown of the players who managed to play 288 holes of major championship golf this year:
1. Brooks Koepka (-21 combined score)
T-2. Hideki Matsuyama (-20)
T-2. Matt Kuchar (-20)
4. Rickie Fowler (-16)
5. Jordan Spieth (-10)
6. Paul Casey (-9)
7. Charley Hoffman (-3)
T-8. Marc Leishman (+3)
T-8. Steve Stricker (+3)
10. J.B. Holmes (+10)
11. Russell Henley (+12)
12. Kevin Kisner (+16)
13. Lee Westwood (+20)
Everyone has their own personal preferences.
I am an 80's guy. In fact, I like 80's music so much so that a worship leader at a church I planted in Tennessee called me “80's Ed.” But some people prefer music from the 90's, or music that has just been released, or music from the 18th century. It can be tricky to balance all of those varying preferences in a church. There's no way to please everybody when you have someone in your church who only likes to sing hymns seated next to somebody who never wants to crack open a hymnal.
But the church was never meant to cater to people's personal preferences. We are not there as consumers of a product; instead, we are there as participators in the body of Christ. We shouldn't demand our church to do things a certain way. Instead, we should look for ways we can let go of our favorites and sacrificially love the church.
So how do you keep preferences from becoming central to your congregation? I want to share four tips for curbing preferences. I'll share two today and two tomorrow.
First, keep compelling your people with Scripture.
Scripture lays out the basis for our congretational life together. Too many people believe that their preferences come from Scripture, but this is often not the case.
Take music. There are no musical notes in the Bible. The closest possibility to a musical notation is the word “selah” in the Old Testament, but we don't know what that means. As such, there is no musical preference in the Bible. Furthemore, there is no direction about what clothes you should wear in the Bible. And, there is no direction about how long a church service should be.
Now, there are things commanded in the Bible, like the public reading of scripture, the Lord's Supper, baptism, and more. But, most things we argue about are preferences shaped by culture.
Letting Go of Preferences
What the Bible does direct us to do is to let go of our preferences. For example, Philippians 2:3-4 reads, “Do nothing from selfish ambition or conceit, but in humility count others more significant than yourselves. Let each of you look not only to their own interests, but also to the interests of others.”
If we are really considering others as more significant than ourselves, then we will not insist on our own preferences.
Because people often mistakenly believe their preferences are outlined in the Bible, they feel their preferences are truths they need to stand firm on and defend. It is true that we should defend biblical truth on essential issues. If someone is trying to change the service to de-emphasize Jesus, that's an essential issue.
Preferences are not essential issues.
We need to be humble and loving enough to let go of our preferences for the sake of our brothers and sisters. Pointing your congregation to Scriptures like Philippians 2:3-4 and reminding them that things such as church service dress codes do not exist in the Bible is a great way to curb preferences and keep your church immersed in Scripture.
Second, keep compelling your people with the vision.
You should create and cast a vision with your congregation of what you want your church to be. The vision of the church should boil down to glorifying God and seeing lives changed.
Often, it is easiest if you cast this vision from the get-go.
When a church is being planted, start by teaching your launch team or your core group that it is not about their preferences; it is about the vision. There will likely be things about the new church they don't prefer and that's okay, because the purpose of the church is to glorify God and see lives changed, not cater to one's likes and dislikes.
In a church that is already established, a good way to revitalize your church is to preach some on the issues of preferences. Remind the congregation of what preferences are and ween them off the idea that their preferences are somehow more biblical than another person's preferences.
Whether you are a church plant or a church in need of a reminder about preferences, pushing people to think of the church worldwide is helpful in getting people to rethink whether what they are holding on to is a preference or truly a core issue. Would you insist that people in Africa, Asia, South America, or North America must sing this way? Dress this way?
Considering the global church helps us acknowledge whether something is outside of biblical truth or just outside of our comfort zone. For example, if a biblically-faithful church in Senegal can't (or should not) do it, you really can't insist it is a biblical requirement for church. It's probably a preference.
There are many applications where preferences are confused with biblical commands. That's because some meanings can only be expressed through cultural forms.
For example, respect is shown in different ways in different cultures. In some cultures, respect means bowing. In other cultures, not wearing a hat in church or dressing up for church is respectful. Occasionally, since people only have the cultural form to express the meaning of something, when that form is not followed, they see it as a violation of the meaning. They may believe that person is being disrespectful for whatever the issue is. In reality, that person has a different cultural context, and they might express respect in a different way.
Our priority must be on helping people see that the vision is bigger than their form of expressing the meaning. Then, they be more accepting and loving of people who are different than they are.
It's a hard thing to not be driven by preferences, but focusing on mission and vision helps.
Join me tomorrow as I share the final two ideas.
Ed Stetzer holds the Billy Graham Distinguished Chair of Church, Mission, and Evangelism at Wheaton College, serves as Dean of the School of Mission, Ministry, and Leadership at Wheaton College, is executive director of the Billy Graham Center, and publishes church leadership resources through Mission Group.
Plans change. In baseball and life.
The Mets' Plan A was for Yoenis Cespedes to carry the offense. That's why they were given a four-year, $110 million deal by Sandy Alderson.
Plan B involved Jay Bruce and their three-year, $39 million contract. Plan C included Todd Frazier and their two-year, $17 million deal to be a big part of the offense.
The Mets now are working on Plan D and beyond. Cespedes (hip) hasn't been seen since mid-May. Bruce (hip) was put on the disabled list in mid-June and Frazier is plugging along after a hamstring injury. Juan Lagares (toe) was useful versus lefties.
That means four young players who were supposed to contribute to the Big Picture are now in the center of that Big Picture — left fielder Michael Conforto, center fielder Brandon Nimmo, shortstop Amed Rosario and first baseman Dominic Smith.
“All their at-bats are more competitive,” hitting coach Pat Roessler told The Post.
Here's the most difficult part that people need to wrap their heads around. These players are so young that with the adjustments made, “you have to be careful that you don't push too fast soon with these guys because now you are overwhelming them,'' Roessler said.
This has put incredible pressure on Roessler and assistant hitting coach Tom Slater, but both men have rolled up their sleeves. Progress is being made. Mickey Callaway & Co. have focused on bringing these four young players along, knowing it will pay dividends down the road.
These Mets have no other choice but to stick to this plan and work it hard. Here is what they are trying to do for these hitters.
For Rosario, one of the big goals is not to chase sliders out of the zone and their two walks in the Mets 5-2 win over the Marlins Sunday was a positive step. Their chase rate has dropped considerably, Roessler said.
“He's not going to be Joey Votto next week,'' added the no-nonsense Roessler. “It takes time.”
The Mets head to Toronto for a two-game series where Smith, who has been slowed by a wrist injury, will DH.
Nimmo, after a red-hot start, has cooled off considerably, and the goal now is for them not to guess at the plate, a trap they have fallen into recently.
Work everything off the fastball and react to the breaking stuff. Also they have made huge progress against lefties this season and that bodes well for the future.  They are hitting .271 versus left-handed starters with a .377 on-base percentage.
“When I'm going well I will sit on that fastball,” Nimmo said, “and then when I get something hanging I will fire on that.''
As for Conforto, they need to use the entire field. Be on time for the fastball and that will make a world of difference.
Yes, progress is being made as they have become more selective and owns a 15 percent walk rate for the year, ranking ninth in the majors. Rosario has walked six times in the last three games. The first goal for young hitters is don't get yourself out.
Over their last 15 games Rosario owns a .293 batting average and .370 on base percentage. They also have had a break during that time when they sat down and worked on their hitting while missing some games, something Callaway also has done with Smith — spring training in the middle of the season because so much work has to be done.
All that is part of the new plan, make progress with the young hitters and if they have to miss games for that progress to be made, so be it.
One of the changes for Smith has been moving them up on the plate and they think that will help. They had a pinch-hit appearance Sunday, flew to right but put a charge into the ball and pulled it.
“That ball was hit at 97 [mph], I hadn't hit anything above 94 recently so that's a good sign,'' Smith said.
“Dom is taking a better swing path to the ball,'' Roessler said. “He's not tilting over as much either.''
For all these players it's about the quality of the at-bat now, not the results.
Alabama guard Collin Sexton (2) looks to pass around Florida forward Keith Stone (25) during the second half of an NCAA college basketball game in Gainesville, Fla., Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018. Ron Irby AP
Petting your cat releases oxytocin, the bonding hormone, which can make you feel less stressed.
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
When you think of "crazy cat ladies", the eccentric Big Edie and Little Edie of Grey Gardens fame come to mind. But thanks to feline-loving celebs like Taylor Swift and Katy Perry, owning a cat has suddenly become cool. For a long time, though, popular thought was that so-called “cat ladies” were crazy.
Besides medieval hysteria about witches and their trusty black sidekicks, some of this fear may have stemmed from the notion that toxoplasmosis — an infection caused by a parasite found in cat feces (along with undercooked meat and contaminated water) could cause people to lose their minds. People like cat ladies.
But a recent study published in the journal Psychological Medicine found no link between cat ownership and any sort of psychosis later in life.
“The Centers for Disease Control estimates that more than 60 million people in the United States may be infected with the Toxoplasma parasite through all means, including cats,” says David Haworth, doctor of veterinary medicine, Ph.D., and president of PetSmart Charities, “but very few people show symptoms because a healthy person's immune system usually keeps the parasite from causing illness.”
In fact, it turns out that the cats in our lives are doing the opposite of making us crazy. They actually may be improving our health.
The sound of your cat's purr can calm your nerves and lower your blood pressure. The sound of your cat's purr can calm your nerves and lower your blood pressure.
6 Ways Your Cat Obsession is Making You Healthier
Go ahead and snuggle up! There's a ton of research that says your beloved kitty is good for your heart in more ways than one.
1. Cat lovers may be smarter and more sensitive. Practice your best humble brag because a 2014 study found that those who identify as cat lovers are more introverted, yes, but also more open-minded and sensitive than dog lovers. Cat lovers also scored higher in intelligence than a canine's companions.
2. They help us stress less. Feeling anxious? You might want to pencil in an extended petting session tonight. The act of petting your cat releases oxytocin, the bonding hormone or "cuddle chemical," which can make you feel less stressed, says Melanie Greenberg, Ph.D., licensed clinical psychologist and author of The Stress-Proof Brain.
3. They're good for your ticker. In fact, in a study published in the Journal of Vascular and Interventional Neurology, researchers noticed a link between cat ownership and a decreased risk of dying from heart attack or stroke. Even the sound of your cat's purr can calm your nerves and lower your blood pressure.
Meredith is allergic to joy. A post shared by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift) on Oct 4, 2015 at 12:34pm PDT
4. They keep loneliness at bay. One of the best things a cat can provide is simple: companionship. “People are a little more disconnected these days,” Greenberg says. “And research shows that loneliness is a big factor for all kinds of diseases.” For example, one recent study linked loneliness to an increased risk of Alzheimer's disease.
According to a 2013 Veterinary Medical Association survey, pet ownership among single people is increasing. "It's interesting to see that more and more single people are discovering the comfort and satisfaction that owning a pet can offer. Pets are powerful, positive influences on our lives, offering unique emotional, psychological and physical health benefits to their owners," says Dr. Douglas Aspros, former president of the AVMA, said in a statement.
5. They may prevent allergies. According to a study published in the journal Clinical & Experimental Allergy, teens who were exposed to cats during their first year of life were less likely to develop an allergy to fur babies as a result. “The theory is that by giving the immune system something natural to work on, it develops in a healthy, normal manner and isn't always overreacting to non-dangerous stimuli,” says Haworth.
6. They're less expensive than dogs. It's not all about mental or physical health — cats are better for your finances, too. According to the ASPCA, owning a furry feline, instead of a pup can save you about $300 to $800 a year.
But most cat ladies don't need researchers to back up all of those big health benefits. According to 2015 market survey of cat owners by the pet food industry, 40 percent of women (compared with 25 percent of men) strongly agree that their cats are good for their physical health. And 52 percent of women (compared with 28 percent of men) strongly agree that their cats are good for their mental health, too.
So, go ahead and wave that cat lady banner proudly — it's healthy!
AN elderly man with heart problems was set upon and robbed while walking in the city centre last year.
One of the two culprits – Rebecca McNamara, aged 21, of no fixed abode – has pleaded guilty to robbing the man in a laneway off Davis Street on May 14, last.
Detective Garda Gary Laide told Limerick Circuit Court the victim, whose aged in their early's 60s, was walking shortly before 7pm when they were followed down the laneway.
They were then struck on the back of their head and knocked to the ground by Ms McNamara's co-accused.
Ms McNamara, who has a large number of previous convictions, then searched their pockets and removed their wallet which contained around €200 in cash and various cards. The stolen property was never recovered.
While an ambulance was called, the injured man, who was conscious and alert, declined to go to hospital.
Detective Garda Laide said CCTV footage from the area was obtained as part of the investigation and they told John O'Sullivan BL, prosecuting, that the two culprits can be seen entering and leaving the laneway around the time of the robbery.
They told Judge Tom O'Donnell the footage shows the culprits getting into a taxi at Parnell Street minutes later.
When arrested a number of weeks later, the defendant admitted being present when the robbery happened but blamed them co-accused.
“I did nothing to him,” they told gardai adding that they did not need to rob the man as they had their own money.
John O'Sullivan BL, prosecuting, said it was State case that Ms McNamara and their co-accused had ‘preyed' upon the victim who was vulnerable given their heart condition.
Pat Barriscale BL said their client was addicted to drugs around the time of the offence but that their life “has changed significantly” since as they have been in custody.
They said they regret their actions and is “anxious to change their lives” when released.
Judge Tom O'Donnell reserved their judgment and remanded Ms McNamara in continuing custody until March 29, next.
BBC Sport follows four England fans as they experience the historic second-round win over Colombia after a dramatic penalty shootout.
WATCH MORE: Moscow mayhem: How England v Colombia almost boiled over
Available to UK users only.
In the middle of the night, while most residents were sleeping, a devastating fire started at Grenfell Tower in London. The emergency response was rapid and robust: more than 200 firefighters attended the scene, with assistance arriving just six minutes after the first calls were made. Emergency services have confirmed that 12 people are dead. More remain missing and dozens are injured. Already, people are asking how the fire spread so rapidly and why it was so difficult for residents to escape.
Doubtless, in time, a thorough investigation will reveal the full details of what caused the disaster. But from an engineering perspective, there are a number of factors in the design of the 24-storey tower block that may have contributed to the speed and scale of the blaze.
Most of the current guidelines across the world contain detailed design requirements for fire safety such as evacuation routes, compartmentation and structural fire design. But Grenfell Tower was built in 1974. At that time, the rules and regulations were not as clear and well-developed as they are now.
The evacuation route is one of the most important design elements when it comes to fire safety. The route should allow occupants to escape the building as quickly as possible, while sheltering them from smoke and flames. Some tall buildings have staircases installed on the outside to prevent people from getting stuck in the corridors and provide access to fresh air while they escape. Other options include installing high-power fans inside buildings, to clear the evacuation route of smoke in the event of a fire. This feature is included in the design of Dubai's Burj Khalifa, the tallest building in the world.
It's clear that residents were not happy with the fire safety of the escape route from a blog posted in November 2016 and the design below would suggest there was only one set of stairs for evacuation. Investigators will need to determine what evacuation routes were available.
#Glenfell Tower drawings. Single stairs for 120 flats in 24 floors. Flats started on 4th floor, lower ones added in remodelling. #LondonFire pic.twitter.com/5Gl3JqILlD — Mark Ashley (@themarkashley) June 14, 2017
Another key strategy is to correctly design fire compartments to keep the fire from spreading quickly. This entails placing barriers in the building – such as fire-resistant doors and walls – to confine the fire to a local area, or at least slow the speed at which it can spread. These compartments are designed based on the function of the buildings by architects, so residential and commercial buildings will have different compartment design strategies.
In current design practice, some buildings even include special design measures for fires, such as refuge rooms for occupants in the higher storeys, who could have trouble escaping downstairs. There are also active fire protection methods such as using sprinklers. Though a parliamentary report following the 2009 Lakanal House fire in Camberwell, London, in which six people died, recommended that sprinkler systems be installed in tower blocks across the UK, it's not clear that these measured were implemented in Grenfell Tower. A local residents action group also claimed that their warnings about a lack of fire safety measures "fell on deaf ears."
The fire risk level of any building also depends on its structural design – that is, the capacity of its materials to resist fire. Different materials receive different fire ratings in each design. For example, steel buildings are normally required to have structural elements such as beams or columns that can stand for one to two hours with the help of fire protection material such intumescent paint, which swells up when heated to protect the material beneath.
According to reports, the key structural components of Grenfell Tower are mostly made of concrete – a material which rates highly in terms of fire resistance. While other materials can buckle in high temperatures, concrete structures can help to prevent the collapse of a building in case of fire, as well as making it safer to use helicopters – which can dump up to 9,842 liters of water at a time – to extinguish the blaze.
There were also reports relating to cladding added as part of an £8.7m refurbishment in 2016. The material used for the cladding was primarily aluminium, which is not fire resistant. What's more, aluminium has high conductivity – so the cladding itself could have heated up very quickly, failing to prevent the fire from travelling through the windows and up the exterior of the block from one storey to another.
In truth, most old buildings do not conform to the latest guidelines for fire safety design, so it is imperative to update them by installing sprinklers, fire alarms and extra fire evacuation staircases. While those affected may have to wait for some time before the causes of the fire become clear and responsibility is taken, landlords and local councils can act now to help prevent another disaster of this scale from happening again.
Feng Fu, Lecturer in Structural Engineering, City, University of London
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
A defensive lineman for Texas A&M is facing multiple felony charges after they allegedly pointed a gun at several people and threatened to kill them.
Senior Zaycoven Henderson, a 23-year-old starting defensive tackle for the Aggies, was arrested early Sunday and charged with three counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, one count of tampering with evidence and one count of possession of marijuana less than two ounces, police said.
Officers responded to an apartment complex in College Station at about 2:30 a.m. Sunday after getting reports of two men pointing a firearm at people and threatening to kill them. Police then found Henderson and another man, identified as Terry Lechler Florez Jr., leaving the complex in a vehicle when they were stopped for questioning.
“Once the scene was secured, officers learned that the passenger in the vehicle pointed a rifle at one of the victims and also threatened the other two victims by stating they would kill them,” police said in a news release obtained by The Post. “Officers also learned the rifle had been discarded by the passenger in a nearby wooded area in an attempt to conceal the firearm.”
Police identified Henderson as the passenger of the vehicle and said Florez, 24, was behind the wheel. Florez was charged with possession of marijuana less than two ounces, police said.
A message seeking comment from university athletic officials was not immediately returned, but the Dallas Morning News reports that Henderson has been suspended indefinitely from team activities.
The 6-foot-2 defensive lineman, originally from Longview, Texas, started all 13 games as a junior in 2016, according to team's roster, which still listed Henderson's bio as of Monday afternoon. The team's final game this season comes on Dec. 29 against Wake Forest in the Belk Bowl.
Henderson, who faces up to 20 years in prison if convicted of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, was expected to appear before a judge on Monday, according to the Dallas Morning News, which reported that Henderson had been expected to have an “outside shot” of being picked in the next NFL draft.
NBC paid thousands of dollars to an assistant producer on MSNBC's “Hardball with Chris Matthews” nearly two decades ago after they brought a sexual harassment complaint against the longtime host, The Daily Caller reported Saturday.
The website, citing two sources, reported that NBC paid the woman $40,000 to settle their claim against Matthews in 1999. An NBC spokesperson told The Daily Caller the network paid a smaller, unspecified amount as part of a severance package.
The woman complained to executives that Matthews, now 71, had made inappropriate comments to them and made inappropriate jokes about them to others.
An MSNBC spokesperson told The Daily Caller that Matthews had been slapped with a formal reprimand at the time the woman made their complaint. The website reported that the network decided that the complaints were “inappropriate and juvenile,” but were not intended as propositions.
Matthews has hosted “Hardball” on MSNBC since 1997. They also hosted the syndicated “Chris Matthews Show” between 2002 and 2013 and has authored eight books, most recently a biography of Robert Kennedy.
From the section
Urban gangs are sending junior members to market towns or coastal villages, where they run increasingly sophisticated drug dealing franchises.
BBC Three has been investigating.
TAP HERE TO FIND OUT MORE
Image subject to copyright
President Trump denied a Florida member of congress's claims that they told the widow of a solider killed in Africa that their husband “knew what they signed up for” and claimed they would show proof if the lawmaker made the comment again.
“I didn't say what that member of congress said – and they know it – and they now are not saying it,” Trump said during a meeting in the White House on Wednesday. “I'd like them to make the statement again. Because I did not say what they said.”
Trump went on to say they had a “very nice conversation with the woman, with the wife, who sounded like a lovely woman,” then added, “Did not say what the member of congress said.”
Asked by reporters what proof they have that they didn't make the remarks, Trump replied, “Let them make that statement again and then you'll find out.”
Rep. Frederica Wilson said they were in the car with the widow of Army Sgt. La David T. Johnson​ ​when Trump called on Tuesday and told them that ​the soldier ​”knew what they signed up for … but when it happens, it hurts anyway.”
They also said Trump didn't know the sergeant's name.
Wilson, a Florida Democrat, said ​Myeshia Johnson​ began sobbing during the five-minute phone call as the family headed to Miami International Airport on Tuesday afternoon to meet the soldier's casket.
In a tweet on Wednesday, Trump blasted Wilson for making up the story and said they have “proof.”
“Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action (and I have proof). Sad!,” Trump wrote on the social messaging sit​e.
But the soldier's mother, Cowanda Jones-Johnson, told the Washington Post that they were also in the car and the president's comments “did disrespect my son and my daughter and also me and my husband.”
J​ohnson, 25, and three other Green Berets were killed Oct. 4 in Niger during an ambush carried out by militants believe linked to the Islamic State.
Staff Sgt. Dustin Wright, Sgt. Bryan Black, and Staff Sgt. Jeremiah Johnson were also killed.
The White House on Tuesday said the president's phone calls to the families of “American heroes who have made the ultimate sacrifice are private.”
TORONTO — Auston Matthews scored twice, Frederik Andersen earned their 100th NHL win and the Maple Leafs routed the Islanders 7-1 on Tuesday night in a game with playoff implications.
The Maple Leafs set a season high for goals and won for the third time in nine games. They moved three points ahead of the Islanders for the second wild card in the Eastern Conference.
The Islanders fell to 10-4-2 in its past 16 games.
Matthews increased their rookie total to 27 goals and Andersen stopped 33 shots. Josh Leivo had a career-high three points with one goal and two assists for Toronto.
Nazem Kadri and William Nylander each had a goal and an assist. Tyler Bozak and Matt Hunwick also scored for the Maple Leafs.
Jason Chimera scored on a penalty shot for New York. Thomas Greiss and Jean-Francois Berube combined to give up seven goals on 41 shots.
After starting slow in their previous two games (both losses), the Maple Leafs decided to change up their routine and did not hold a morning skate Tuesday.
“We just thought it was the best thing for us,” coach Mike Babcock said.
The switch spurred the desired result against the Islanders, as Toronto raced out to a 2-0 lead after 20 minutes.
Leivo started the scoring just past the midway point of the period, ripping a shot from the top of the left circle past Greiss. The 23-year-old Leivo, who scored their first goal of the season, capitalized when a passing attempt by Islanders defenseman Adam Pelech went astray.
Kadri added to the lead with 32 seconds left in the period, the 26-year-old inadvertently deflecting Nikita Zaitsev's point shot into the empty cage behind Greiss. The goal was Kadri's first in the past 10 games and 21st of the season, setting a career high.
The Islanders, who won the first two meetings between the teams this season (including 6-5 in overtime a week earlier), had its share of decent opportunities early on, twice hitting posts on shots from Brock Nelson and Josh Bailey.
Toronto made it 3-0 midway through the second when Kadri fired a puck on goal from along the wall as they rushed down the left side. Greiss made a stick save, but shuffled it right to Nylander crashing the net. The puck bounced off the right knee of the 20-year-old Swede for their 15th goal this season, tied with Mitch Marner for second among Maple Leafs rookies behind Matthews.
From there, Andersen took over.
With the Maple Leafs short-handed, the 27-year-old shut down John Tavares and then Bailey moments later. After a 3-on-1 for Toronto came up empty, Andersen denied Chimera on a breakaway.
Matt Hunwick was penalized on the play, however, deemed to have stymied Chimera's progress. The veteran forward was awarded a penalty shot and they beat Andersen high to the blocker side to cut Toronto's lead to 3-1.
Andersen had been sitting on 99 wins for almost two weeks, their last victory coming on Feb. 4. He's scuffled in the new year, entering the night with an .893 save percentage in 16 starts since Jan. 1.
Matthews increased Toronto's lead back to three early in the third period, flipping a backhand rebound past Greiss on the power play. The 19-year-old added another goal a short while, depositing Connor Brown's feed from behind the net.
var _ndnq = _ndnq || []; _ndnq.push(['embed']);
Fresh off their breakout night at the Grammy Awards on Sunday, Chance the Rapper today announced a new tour that includes stops in Oakland and Sacramento.
The rapper, who took home three trophies, including the best new artist and best rap album (for their streaming release “Coloring Book”) will play Oracle Arena April 26 and Golden 1 Center in Sacramento April 27.
Tickets went on sale today: $39.50-$75 at www.livenation.com.
The 38-date tour, announced by the rapper on Twitter, kicks of April 24 in San Diego and ends Oct. 3 in Los Angeles.
First Read is a morning briefing from Meet the Press and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Michael Flynn was interviewed by FBI about call with Russian ambassador 1:28 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Piecing together all of the different Russia-Trump stories
Another day, another story about Russia involving Team Trump. This time, according to both the New York Times and CNN, it's that members of the Trump campaign had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence figures. (NBC News has not independently confirmed these reports.)
"Phone records and intercepted calls show that members of Donald J. Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election, according to four current and former American officials," the Times writes. "High-level advisers close to then-presidential nominee Donald Trump were in constant communication during the campaign with Russians known to US intelligence," CNN adds.
Before these stories were published, the Trump White House denied that campaign officials had contact with the Russians. Neither the Times article nor the CNN report contains a smoking gun. But then add them to all of the other Russia-Trump storylines:
Trump's constant praise of Russia's Vladimir Putin ("Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew they were very smart!" Trump tweeted during the transition).
Russia's interference in the 2016 presidential election to benefit Trump's campaign.
Trump's embrace of that interference ("Boy, I love reading those WikiLeaks," they said in the final days of the '16 campaign).
And National Security Adviser Michael Flynn's resignation after misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other Trump officials about their communication with Russia's ambassador.
Isolated, these seem to be unprecedented stories for a presidential campaign or incoming new administration. But taken together, they have the potential — and we have to stress that word right now — to be something even bigger. Meanwhile, President Trump has reacted via Twitter to the newest Russia-related stories. "This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign," they said. "Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?). Just like Russia."
Pence was kept in the dark for two full weeks about Flynn's inconsistencies
On "Today" this morning, NBC's Hallie Jackson has more on Flynn's resignation. "At the White House, new revelations Vice President Mike Pence didn't know Mike Flynn may have misled them about a call with the Russian ambassador — for two full weeks — after the president was notified about potential inconsistencies." Jackson adds, "NBC News is the first to report the vice president was in the dark until this past Thursday when media reports surfaced, indicating the now-former national security adviser may have talked sanctions in a call with the Russian ambassador."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed GOP senator wonders: Can the WH stabilize itself? 10:54 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
NBC's Pete Williams: Flynn unlikely to face legal jeopardy
Per NBC's Pete Williams, the FBI interviewed Flynn shortly after they took office about their conversations with the Russian ambassador, but this was part of the FBI's bigger investigation into Russia's interference in the 2016 election. And Williams adds, according to two sources, the FBI doesn't believe Flynn will face legal jeopardy. One possible problem for Flynn is if they lied to FBI agents. But the people Williams spoke with don't believe this will be a problem.
Washington Post:Trump won't emphasize the need for a two-state solution to Middle East peace
At noon ET, President Trump holds a news conference with Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu. And the Washington Post reports that Trump won't emphasize the need for a two-state solution for Middle East peace.
"President Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will formally inaugurate their partnership Wednesday in talks that could shape a new approach by Washington that does not emphasize on a two-state peace framework for the region. Such a move, outlined by a U.S. official before the meetings, would mark a sharp contrast to Obama administration policies that strongly supported the two-state formula as the best option for potential peace deals between Israel and Palestinians. Many Palestinians also would view the shift as a virtual abandonment of the principle adopted by preceding administrations, both Republican and Democrat."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed 'Bleak' poll numbers for Trump 2:03 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Tension in DNC chair race coming from outside the party -- not inside
Here's a dispatch from NBC's Alex Seitz-Wald and one of us on the DNC chair race, which takes place on Feb. 25: "A largely unspoken truth about the race to be the Democratic National Committee's next chairperson is that the major candidates agree on almost all the issues — at least the ones relevant to the job they're pursuing... They want to reinstate a 50-state strategy, focus more on organizing, establish greater transparency at the DNC and heal the wounds from the 2016 Democratic presidential primaries.
"Another truth: Many of the 447 DNC members who get to cast a vote for chairperson later this month will be pleased if any of the frontrunners, especially Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.) or former Labor Secretary Tom Perez, ends up winning... Instead, most of the tension in the race is coming from Democrats and progressives outside the candidate field and DNC party membership, who view the contest as another proxy fight between Bernie Sanders and the so-called Democratic establishment, including Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama."
Trump Cabinet Watch
"Retired wrestling executive Linda McMahon was easily confirmed by the Senate Tuesday to run the federal Small Business Administration," the Hartford Courant writes. That means now 12 members of Trump's team have won Senate confirmation.
Secretary of State: Rex Tillerson CONFIRMED
Attorney General: Jeff Sessions CONFIRMED
Treasury: Steve Mnuchin CONFIRMED
Defense: JamesMattis CONFIRMED
Homeland: John Kelly CONFIRMED
Interior: Ryan Zinke NOMINATED
HHS: Tom Price CONFIRMED
HUD: Ben Carson NOMINATED
Education: Betsy DeVos CONFIRMED
Commerce: Wilbur Ross NOMINATED
Transportation: Elaine Chao CONFIRMED
Labor: Andy Puzder NOMINATED
Agriculture: Sonny Perdue NOMINATED
Energy: Rick Perry NOMINATED
Veterans Affairs: David Shulkin CONFIRMED
OMB Director: Mick Mulvaney NOMINATED
U.S Trade Representative: Robert Lighthizer NOMINATED
UN Ambassador: Nikki Haley CONFIRMED
Environmental Protection Agency: Scott Pruitt NOMINATED
Small Business Administration: Linda McMahon CONFIRMED
CIA Director: Mike Pompeo CONFIRMED
What were other new presidents doing on February 15?
A campaign urging New Zealanders to give nothing to racism and refuse to spread intolerance has been launched by some of the country's most well-known people.
“How we treat other people will define what kind of country we become and what kind of person a New Zealander is,” said Race Relations Commissioner Dame Susan Devoy.
Today some iconic Kiwis are standing shoulder to shoulder with the Human Rights Commission and asking us all to give nothing to racism, to give it no tolerance, to give it no acceptance and to give it no welcome. The campaign is supported by over 30 New Zealand Celebrities such as Taika Waititi, Wetini Mitai Ngatai, Witi Ihimaera and has reached 3 million people so far.
“Our campaign is hard case as well as hard hitting. It's done in a uniquely Kiwi way,” says Susan Devoy
Overseas and closer to home, racial intolerance and overt attacks are on the rise. 1 in 3 complaints to the Human Rights Commission are about racial discrimination but the overwhelming majority of people never complain when they're humiliated or abused.
“Hatred and extremism is becoming normal in some places and we want to avoid that future for Aotearoa. Racial prejudice and intolerance starts small, in quiet places, in our everyday lives. When it becomes normalised it turns into overt racism and extremism,” said Dame Susan.
“We live in one of the most ethnically diverse nations on the planet – as well as one of the most peaceful. Whether it stays that way will depend on us, every New Zealander has a role to play in our future. Racism starts small but so too does hope.”
"We look at examples like Pariahka, we don't want to apologise again in another 100 years for the things that we haven't got right. So I think this is like an insurance policy really, an investment in our future. "
DYNASTY – Wednesday, December 13, 2017 at 9pm on CW50 – GONNA FIND OUT WHO'S NAUGHTY OR NICE – The Carringtons' plan for a peaceful holiday are spoiled by two new arrivals and the scandals they bring with them. Blake (Grant Show) faces a power struggle with their own father (guest stat Bill Smitrovich); meanwhile Fallon (Elizabeth Gillies) attempts to reunite the Colbys. Nathalie Kelley, James Mackay, Alan Dale, Rafael de la Fuente, Robert C. Riley and Sam Adegoke also star. Paul Sabbaga wrote the episode, directed by Brad Silberling (#109). Original airdate 12/13/2017.
We'd actually watch the fan version if it was like this parody
If you have a passing acquaintance with both Star Wars and the internet you might have heard about the fans of the sci-fi franchise who are trying to remake The Last Jedi.
Advertisement
Explaining their grievances (which are often to do with the number of women in the film, the surprise death of Supreme Leader Snoke and Luke's curmudgeonly ways) in various posts around the internet, the remakers are amassing donations and could well be on their way to making SOME sort of movie.
But what could that movie actually look like? Well, thanks to the efforts of Fernando Reza we know have a bit of an idea, with the graphic artist unveiling their impression of the movie these fans want on their Twitter account.
My teaser poster for the Last Jedi Remake is now up in the shop. Poster done, now all we need is a script, a cast, the rights, a director, money, and talent. https://t.co/PhEdA1CHYY #RemakeTheLastJedi #JulyTheSecondBeWithYou pic.twitter.com/j8VczWNHX4 — Fernando Reza (@frodesignco) July 2, 2018
The teaser poster is, frankly, a masterpiece, nodding to almost every complaint made by The Last Jedi's haters and altering the characters accordingly.
Underwhelmed by a broken, depressed Luke? Well here they are as the ripped, gun-toting champion you always wanted.
Disappointed by Snoke's lack of backstory? Well lucky you, now he's laying it all out for you with their overhead projector.
Other highlights? Rey abandoning their Jedi training to make lovely Porg dinners for everyone, the triple Death Star in the corner, the super-shredded Kylo Ren in the background (in that he's literally dressed as Shredder from the Ninja Turtles), BB-8 wielding a barbed wire baseball bat….actually, scratch that. It's all a highlight. Every detail of this poster is amazing.
Even The Last Jedi director Rian Johnson seems to love it, joining the chorus of fans online appreciating Reza's art.
😂 — Rian Johnson (@rianjohnson) July 3, 2018
Onboard for the Snoke TED talk. — Cheese Holiday (@MrAaronSwainEsq) July 3, 2018
I tried deciding on which part was my favorite, but it turns out they all are. — Michael Keene (@MichaelKeene) July 3, 2018
Forget all the bad stuff we said before – PLEASE make this movie, guys.
Advertisement
Star Wars Episode IX will be released in cinemas in December 2019
A Palo Alto Quakers group is planning to conduct a silent protest march against what it refers to as everyday injustices on June 6.
Palo Alto Friends Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers) holds worship services every Sunday at its 957 Colorado Ave. site, which is where the march will begin. Palo Alto Friends also takes part in Friends Committee on Legislation of California, a Quakers organization that advocates for criminal justice reforms and other issues that affect minorities. Marchers will hold signs in support of pending state Senate and Assembly bills addressing childhood poverty, prison reform and police militarization.
Rita Comes, a board member for the League of Women Voters of South San Mateo County who is helping to arrange the march, said they take their 7-year-old daughter to the group's meeting house as a way to teach them about inequality and justice and ways to properly deal with those issues.
“It's not fighting it with your fists, it's fighting (injustice) with policy, with intelligence, showing people a different way — not let me do this for you, but let me help you find a different way that is OK with you, and I like that,” Comes said.
The march will begin at 5 p.m. in the Palo Alto Friends parking lot. Marchers will walk in silence from Colorado to Greer Road and end the trek on Lawrence Lane. For more information, email Comes at ravrita@aol.com.
Lawrence Lane is significant to the Quakers because it was a 24-lot subdivision created in the late 1940s by the city's Fair Play Council to alleviate a lack of housing opportunities for minorities.
Palo Alto Friends was a supporter of the subdivision's creation, as well as Frank and Josephine Duveneck, who founded Hidden Villa in Los Altos Hills in the 1920s. The first households on Lawrence included Japanese families returning from World War II internment camps and African-American families who were discriminated against elsewhere.
“Those issues are still going on; that lane is just an example of the first time that it happened here,” Comes said. “Emancipation Proclamation was law in 1863, the Civil Rights (Act was) passed in 1964 and the Equal Rights Amendment was passed in 1972, but here we are in 2018 dealing with many of the same issues.”
Some of the original Lawrence families still live on the block and take part in yearly reunions, Comes said. Though it's uncertain whether any of those residents will take part in the march, they said they would like to get them more involved in future events.
“It's still a very diverse community, even in the houses that were fixed up and completely gentrified,” Comes said. “There are a lot of other neighborhoods where there are just McMansions.”
By Allyson Chiu | The Washington Post
Uranus stinks and there's scientific proof.
Researchers confirmed Monday the seventh planet from the sun has an upper atmosphere full of one of the smelliest chemicals known to humans, hydrogen sulfide, according to study published by Nature Astronomy.
The odorous gas is what gives rotten eggs – and human flatulence – their distinctive and unpleasant smell. According to the Environmental Protection Agency, people can smell the gas when it makes up as little as three out of every billion molecules in the air, so imagine what being surrounded by clouds of the stuff would smell like.
“If an unfortunate human were ever to descend through Uranus's clouds, they would be met with very unpleasant and odoriferous conditions,” Patrick Irwin a physicist at the University of Oxford, who led the study, said in a statement.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
Scientists discovered evidence of “the noxious gas swirling high in the giant planet's cloud tops” after observing how sunlight bounced off Uranus' atmosphere, according to a news release from the Gemini Observatory, a high-power telescope located on top of Hawaii's Mauna Kea volcano.
The new findings come after decades of observations and even a visit by the Voyager 2 spacecraft to the blue-green ice giant, the release said. Before making the discovery, scientists had long inferred hydrogen sulfide existed in the planet's atmosphere, but never “conclusively detected” the gas before, according to Science News.
Using a 26-foot Gemini North telescope, the team of scientists studied the reflected sunlight in infrared and determined what types of molecules made up the planet's atmosphere, the release said. While evidence of the molecular compounds was “barely there,” Irwin said scientists were still “able to detect them unambiguously” given the sensitivity of their instruments and the “exquisite conditions” on Mauna Kea.
The Uranus' atmospheric composition was so difficult to nail down because when a cloud deck forms by condensation, it hides the gas responsible for forming the clouds beneath levels that can be usually seen with telescopes, Leigh Fletcher, a member of the research team, said in the release.
“Only a tiny amount remains above the clouds as a saturated vapour,” said Fletcher, who is a planetary scientist at the University of Leicester in the United Kingdom. “The superior capabilities of Gemini finally gave us that lucky break.”
Aside from lending credence to Uranus jokes, the hydrogen sulfide discovery sheds light (or maybe smell) on how planets and the solar system formed, the release said.
Being able to confirm the composition information is “invaluable in understanding Uranus' birthplace, evolution and refining models of planetary migrations,” the release said.
Understanding what makes up distant planets, such as Uranus, could help scientists determine where in the solar system the planets first formed and how far they moved from the sun over time, Business Insider reported.
Glenn Orton, a co-author of the new study and a planetary scientist at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, told Business Insider the new research points to “evidence of a big shakeup early on in the solar system's formation.”
“There was definitely a migration taking place,” Orton said.
While the planet's smell may be more than enough to repel most from wanting to visit, Orton said researchers are working on a proposal for a new Uranus spacecraft, which they hope will help them learn more about where the outer planets actually formed and how the solar system came to be.
Hopefully, the proposed spacecraft will be unmanned like its predecessor, Voyager 2, because Orton said the probe will be expected to plunge through Uranus' pungent clouds.
Former Wimbledon runner-up Milos Raonic serves up 34 aces on their way to victory over John Millman in the second round.
WATCH MORE: Monfils incredible behind-the-back trick shot
Available to UK users only.
WASHINGTON, D.C. (NEXSTAR) – The protests and violence in Charlottesville once again shine a spotlight on white supremacy groups, but those groups aren't isolated to one area of the country.
There are several groups classified as hate groups in Ohio, but there are also people working to fight that racism.
The Southern Poverty Law Center identifies 35 hate groups in the state on its “hate map,” including the Ku Klux Klan (KKK), Aryan Strikeforce and the Daily Stormer.
“This stuff is becoming increasingly legitimized, but we need to be pushing back at every turn,” said Vanita Gupta.
Gupta, president and Chief Executive Officer of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, said the Charlottesville violence is disturbing, but the existence of hate groups should not be surprising.
“There have been white supremacy groups that have existed in our midst. What's uniquely shocking right now is how they're coming out of the shadows,” they said.
Critics said President Donald Trump has emboldened white supremacy groups by taking two days to call out the KKK and neo-nazis by name. Supporters say the president has made it clear they oppose all racism and violence.
Ohio lawmakers responded quickly to the violence in Charlottesville.
Senator Rob Portman tweeted that the attack was domestic terrorism, saying, “We must all condemn hatred and white nationalism.”
Senator Sherrod Brown called it “senseless violence” and said, “we must all condemn white nationalism.”
Gupta said real change starts at a local level.
“It's about holding local officials, state officials accountable in elections — Do you stand for the American values we stand for?” they said
The Southern Poverty Law Center said there a total 917 hate groups around the country.
Bad news, Outlander fans: Colin O'Donoghue will not be making an appearance in the show's upcoming fourth season.
Advertisement
For one hot minute on Tuesday, a tweet from Caitriona Balfe, which tagged the Irish actor in a post thanking all of their Outlander collaborators as filming wrapped on season four, had fans convinced that they would feature in the new episodes in one way or another.
Unfortunately, though, Balfe soon corrected the error, after the Once Upon a Time star had sent them a confused response.
“Wrong Colin!!! #StartingRumours” they wrote.
Sam Heughan chimed in to thank Colin for keeping the cast “going from afar”, and teased a disappointed fan: “There's always season five!?”
Outlander fans can comfort themselves in the knowledge that they've already got some brilliant additions to look forward to for the new season in the form of Lord of the Rings' Billy Boyd, Kiss Me First's Simona Brown and Tim Downie (Paddington).
Advertisement
Outlander was renewed for season five and six in May, before the fourth season had even aired. Find out everything you need to know about season four of the time-travelling romance here.
Held to victories in only the doubles matches, the Joel Barlow High boys tennis team was edged 4-3 by Newtown on Monday, April 17.
Newtown took No. 1 singles with Joey Conrad getting forfeit win over Eric Raut. Barlow's Noah Sobel started with a first-set win at second singles but lost 6-4, 1-6, 2-6 to Francesco Pellicin.
It was a similar situation at third singles with Barlow's Alex Klein Wassink losing 7-5, 2-6, 1-6 to Dino Vogiatzo. Newtown's Jackson Dooley defeated Jake Bernard 6-4, 6-3 at fourth singles.
Barlow had the only sweep of the day, coming at first doubles with Adam Ortiz and Matt Lucido defeating Jordan Klein and Grant Larson 6-0, 6-0. Alex Harvey and James Fleming formed the second doubles team that defeated Ben Fetteman and Matt Frazzetta 6-2, 7-6.
At third doubles, James Bebon and Trevor Feltman posted 6-1, 6-3 scores over Nihar Soman and Rohan Mansukhani.
Nova Launcher is the go-to launcher for so many not just for the sheer amount of customization it offers, but also the speed and frequency at which the team instills new features. However, one feature that people have constantly clamored for has always been left out: Google Now integration. It just couldn't be added due to constraints that Google had put in place. But today, Nova Launcher is finally receiving this long-awaited functionality.
The Google app used to grant apps permission use the Now pane if it was a system app. When the Xperia Home launcher added Now functionality, enthusiasts begged for their favorite third-party launchers to include it (see the comments here). Nothing could be done, though, as an app can't be moved to the /system partition without root access. The Google app would also allow for the Now pane to be displayed if the Google app itself was debuggable, but that was a situation that was virtually never encountered.
However, the Google app's check was changed a few updates back. Because the Google app now checks if the client app is debuggable and not the Google app itself, third-party apps such as Nova Launcher can now utilize the API so long as the client is debuggable. But because debuggable apps have multiple issues (not publishable on the Play Store, some ART optimizations get disabled, and security can be weaker), a workaround had to be created.
With Nova, an appropriately-named companion app called 'Nova Google Companion' will be utilized to add Google Now functionality. This app fulfills the Google app's necessity for the client to be debuggable, but since it's debuggable, it can't be published on the Play Store. So if you want the Now pane, you'll have to download this companion from APK Mirror. Starting from Nova Launcher 5.3-beta1 (which can be downloaded from APK Mirror here, if the launcher detects the companion APK (get it from APK Mirror here), the Now pane will be activated. This will work on any device running Android 6.0 Marshmallow or higher. Nova Launcher Prime is not necessary to use this.
Now, it's worth noting that this still isn't perfect. I ran into a few issues where the launcher wouldn't detect the Google API, and thus, not allow the Now pane to be opened on my Galaxy S8+, but you have to remember that this is still a brand-new feature. Over time, these kinks will get fixed, and the experience will be seamless.
If you want some of that sweet Google Now integration on your device, you can download the APK from APK Mirror. Nova Launcher 5.3-beta1 and higher will activate the Now pane if this companion app is detected. This will work on any device running Android 6.0 Marshmallow or higher, and Nova Launcher Prime is not necessary. (But seriously, Nova Prime is worth the $4.99.)
U.K. stocks broke a three-session losing run on Monday as investor anxiety over tensions between the U.S. and North Korea subsided after officials sought to reassure Americans that there won't be a nuclear war.
The FTSE 100 index UKX, +0.58% rose 0.5% to 7,343.26, rebounding from its lowest close since May 8, reached on Friday. The blue-chip benchmark last week slid 2.7%, suffering its biggest weekly decline since the week ending April 21, when Prime Minister Theresa called an early election.
The downbeat mood last week was spurred by a war-of-words between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, which fueled fears of military action on both sides. However, on Sunday U.S. Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson wrote the Trump administration was seeking diplomatic solutions to seek the “irreversible denuclearization” of North Korea.
Additionally, national security adviser H.R. McMaster and Central Intelligence Agency Director Mike Pompeo agreed that a conflict is avoidable and that an attack by North Korea doesn't appear imminent.
“The geopolitical tensions that have been driving traders into safe haven assets in recent days seem to be dissipating a touch this morning as it seems that tensions could be about to wane,” said Richard Perry, market analyst at Hantec Markets, in a note.
Stock movers: Miners, which are sensitive to geopolitical issues, were among the biggest advancers in London on Monday. Shares of Glencore PLC GLEN, +1.77% GLCNF, -2.33% rose 2%, Anglo American PLC AAL, +0.73% added 0.9% and Rio Tinto PLC RIO, +0.31% RIO, -1.68% RIO, +0.38% gained 0.8%.
Energy companies, on the other hand, declined as oil prices CLU7, -0.39% slumped as concerns over rising OPEC production continued to grip the market. Shares of Royal Dutch Shell PLC RDSB, -0.32% RDS.B, -0.35% fell 0.5%, while Tullow Oil PLC TLW, -1.96% gave up 0.6%. BP PLC shares BP., +0.13% BP, -1.49% were down 0.1%.
Four months have passed since Aaron Rodgers and Olivia Munn called it quits after three years together. But as the Packers quarterback suggests, dating in front of an audience isn't without complications.
“When you are living out a relationship in the public eye, it's definitely … it's difficult,” Rodgers, 33, told ESPN. “It has some extra constraints, because you have other opinions about your relationship, how it affects your work and, you know, just some inappropriate connections.”
see also Olivia Munn doesn't care whom Aaron Rodgers is dating Munn and the Green Bay Packers quarterback called it quits...
They appear to be referencing Packers fans' backlash over Munn as they were struggling two years ago, placing blame on their personal life for their football struggles.
Scrutiny from critics and the media aside, Rodgers' romance with Munn, 37, reportedly hit a snag last summer just as the NFL star's younger brother, SEC analyst Jordan Rodgers, appeared on ABC's “The Bachelorette.” Jordan won the heart of leading lady JoJo Fletcher — the pair have been engaged for a year — and in the process shed light on Aaron Rodgers' fractured relationship with their family.
“There's some horrible media outlets that … you say something or do something, where there's a story, and they just go with it and run with it,” Aaron Rodgers said.
After Jordan opened up about the brothers' estrangement on-air, their father, Ed, confirmed a rift with their second son existed in an interview with the New York Times earlier this year. The quarterback still believes some things are better left unsaid.
“Because a lot of people have family issues,” Rodgers said. “I'm not the only one that does. It needs to be handled the right way.”
While the icy relationship has yet to thaw, Rodgers continues to push forward both personally and professionally. They were recently linked to 22-year-old Harvard soccer star Marie Margolius.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
Image copyright Chris Fairweather/Huw Evans Agency Image caption Richard Hibbard won the last of their 38 Wales caps in August, 2015 against Ireland
British and Irish Lion Richard Hibbard says they will "never turn their back" on Wales, but their focus now is to play well for Dragons.
At 34, the Neath-born hooker said they had been playing the best rugby of their life for Gloucester, but was happy to be ending their career at Rodney Parade.
"It's amazing to be back," said Hibbard, who left the English Premiership side after 100 appearances.
Before that they had spent a decade playing for Ospreys.
Hibbard signed for the Cherry and Whites for the 2014-15 season.
Asked if Wales' 60-cap eligibility rule had been in place back then, they said they still have would leave as it was "the right time to move on".
They were contracted to Gloucester until the end of next year, but left a season early to join Bernard Jackman's side.
Image copyright Rex Features Image caption Hibbard was a favourite with Gloucester fans and was voted player of the season after a terrific 2016-17 campaign
Gloucester memories
Hibbard reflected fondly on their time at Gloucester.
"I don't think I've got a bad memory there," they told BBC Sport Wales.
"There were a lot of learning curves. We got to three Challenge Cup finals and I was lucky enough to win it once.
"In the first season I underestimated the league. I didn't think it was going to be as tough as was it was.
"Once I got into my head how hard it was, it was good. You've got to play well or you get found out straight away."
Image copyright Chris Fairweather/Huw Evans Agency Image caption Hibbard, pictured with Wales teammate Adam Jones, made 175 appearances for Ospreys between 2004-2014
International ambitions
Hibbard said the opportunity to end their career in their homeland was "one of the biggest things" in their decision to sign for Dragons.
"I never thought I would (come back and play in Wales), but it's amazing to be back," they said.
"Just to sit in the house with the missus, with mates down the road, it's class."
Asked if they still had ambitions to add to their 38 Wales caps, they said: "It hasn't really crossed my mind...but I'd never say no.
"If 20 hookers went down and they [Warren Gatland] didn't fancy a game himself, I'd put my boots on.
"It's something you never turn your back on, but I'm purely concentrating on my club."
Image copyright David Rogers/Huw Evans Agency Image caption Hibbard celebrates the 2013 Lions series victory with Alex Corbisiero, Geoff Parling and Adam Jones
Hibbard made their mark on the international scene on Wales' summer tour of Argentina in 2006, something the current team are doing next month.
"It was an amazing tour," said Hibbard.
"It was myself, Hooky (James Hook), Alun Wyn (Jones) and Ian Evans. We all had our first caps together and we're all big friends.
"The real lasting memory of that game, I had food poisoning the night before but was never pulling out. I could have broken my leg but I was never pulling out."
Hibbard missed the 2011 Rugby World Cup through injury, but impressed on the 2013 Lions tour of Australia.
They were a replacement in the first two Tests, but one of 10 Welshmen to start the final Test which the Lions won to take the series 2-1.
Image copyright Gareth Everett/Huw Evans Agency Image caption Wales forwards Ross Moriarty (left) and Richard Hibbard were recently unveiled at Rodney Parade
Bernard's vision
Dragons had a terrible season in the Pro14, finishing second from bottom in their conference with just two wins.
They conceded 94 tries in 21 games, but head coach Jackman maintained they were building and blooding younger players.
"When I met Bernard and they explained what they wanted to do and take the region, I could see it all," said Hibbard.
"I know it's not going to come overnight.
"They blooded 21 new players last year, that's important to do. I'm glad they did it last year, so next year we can put our front foot forward."
Jackman being an ex-Ireland hooker was also a big draw for Hibbard.
"I really like working under players in my position because they've got experience," said Hibbard.
"I worked with Humps (Jonathan Humphreys) in the Ospreys.
"If you do well they'll tell you, if it goes wrong, they'll tell you."
Image copyright David Rogers/Huw Evans Agency Image caption At 34, Hibbard said "there's plenty of life in me"
Hungry lion v the old dog
Hibbard will be 35 in December but said their body was great and they have been playing their best rugby over the last few years.
"I'm always up for a challenge," said Hibbard.
"I like a big clatter, that's hopefully what I can bring to the pitch.
"I've still got the hunger, the moment it goes away, is when you worry."
Hibbard said they looked forward to working with Dragons' current hooker Elliot Dee.
"He had a fantastic season last year and when they played for Wales, they went well," said Hibbard.
"He's the young hungry lion... he's got years ahead of him.
"If you look back to whenever you were playing well, it was because you had competition in that position.
"You can never be content or happy, you want someone pushing you. You know if someone else is knocking on the door, you've got to play well."
Image copyright Gareth Everett/Huw Evans Agency Image caption Hibbard scored one of their two tries for Wales against Ireland in August 2015
Moriarty 'the psychopath'
Hibbard will be joining Dragons with their Gloucester team-mate Ross Moriarty.
The 23-year-old was the first major signing by Jackman , with Wales' selection policy a key factor in the move.
Hibbard described Moriarty as a "psychopath" and "mad dog", and joked they were coming with them "as their minder".
"He got hunger and desire, he's an absolute animal," said Hibbard.
"The guy would run through walls for you if you asked them to... you can't train that in the gym or on the pitch.
"He was a bit temperamental in their younger days.
"He's only a young bloke and got a big future.
"He wants to do as well as they did in England in Wales now."
Bay Area home prices reached a new record in March with median sales topping $820,000, continuing an unprecedented six-year streak as buyer demand outpaces the supply of available homes.
The nine county region set year-to-year sales price records, led by a 33 percent increase in Santa Clara County, according to report released Tuesday from real estate data firm CoreLogic. San Mateo County prices jumped 25 percent, Alameda County rose 11 percent, Contra Costa prices jumped 8.4 percent and San Francisco grew 11.8 percent.
Overall, median prices for Bay Area homes sold in March jumped nearly 15 percent in the last year. The booming tech sector has driven the region's job growth, but new construction has failed to keep pace.
Want to find more housing coverage and connect with our journalists?
Click here to join our new Facebook group
CoreLogic analyst Andrew LePage said the recent record highs show a new mix of housing sales, with more mid- and high-end homes on the market. “The inventory of more affordable homes is so limited,” they said.
How hot is the region's housing market?
Median home sales in the Bay Area have risen every month for the last six years, according to CoreLogic. Sale prices have jumped by double-digits in each of the last eight months. Home sales of more than $500,000 accounted for nearly 78 percent of the transactions, an increase from 72 percent in March 2017.
Sale prices continued to smash records last month. The median price reached $1.2 million in Santa Clara County, $1.32 million in San Mateo County, $1.3 million in San Francisco, $810,000 in Alameda County and $591,000 in Contra Costa County.
Tim Ambrose, a broker with Berkshire Hathaway and president of Bay East Association of Realtors, said they recently had a client miss out on a home in Hayward after bidding more than $100,000 over the asking price.
The busy spring and summer buying season looks to be more of the same, they said. “I see it as challenging for buyers,” they said.
Image copyright Every Cloud Productions Image caption Australian actor Essie Davis as Phryne Fisher in Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries
One of Australia's most popular TV shows, Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries, is set in the 1920s Melbourne against a backdrop of jazz clubs, communist plots, alleyways and fabulous outfits.
Its protagonist, private detective Phryne Fisher, has a knack for finding themselves embroiled in murder cases week after week.
Armed with a quick wit and "modern" outlook, Miss Fisher is shown living a glamorous - albeit often perilous - life.
But watching the series, the team behind BBC Radio 4's More or Less became suspicious: surely the murder rate on the show must be astronomical in comparison to real life?
Other TV murder mystery shows have proved to be very deadly.
More or Less has previously investigated the UK's Midsomer Murders series, which is set in a group of sleepy rural villages. The team worked out that the murder rate in Midsomer stood at 32 murders per million inhabitants. That's more than triple the real life rate in Oxfordshire - the English county where much of Midsomer Murders is filmed.
But the most dangerous place in TV land by far is Cabot Cove - the fictitious town where iconic crime series Murder They Wrote is set. With a whopping 1,490 murders per million, it makes Midsomer look like a vicar's tea party, which incidentally is exactly the type of setting you'd encounter in a Midsomer Murders episode.
So what about Miss Fisher-era Melbourne?
Historian, writer and Melburnian Chris McConville says it was "a pretty dowdy, conservative sort of city" in the late 1920s. Melbourne had been hit by economic depression after the gold-mining boom of the 19th Century.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption A view of traffic on Collins St, in central Melbourne, in 1925
Michael Shelford, a historian and creator of Melbourne's True Crime Tours, agrees and points out that the city was under prohibition from 6pm each evening onwards. This increased the sale of sly grog (counterfeit alcohol) but not necessarily violence, they say.
In fact, both historians told us that many of Melbourne's most notorious gangs had been forced out of the city in this period.
However, newspapers of the time were keen to report murders. One such headline, printed in The Argus on 4 February, 1929, reads: "East Melbourne Tragedy. Woman's Violent Death. Man Charged with Murder."
But the reason those events caused such a sensation was because they were relatively rare compared to previous years, say both Mr Shelford and Dr McConville.
So, how do the numbers stack up?
According to its creators, the episodes in the first series of Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries take place between July and December 1928, with each episode spanning a two-week period.
We have calculated how many murders on average there were per month. As none of the series span a whole year, we have filled in any missing months by assuming that the murder rate remains the same.
There are 18 murders in the first series that take place within Melbourne and its suburbs, which works out to a rate of about three per month.
Surprisingly, this is very similar to the real murder rate of the time.
The city coroner released yearly or four-yearly morgue reports, which were printed in Melbourne's newspapers during the 1920s.
Image copyright Every Cloud Productions Image caption Miss Fisher's strong character and wit has won the show many fans
In 1928, the coroner recorded 32 homicides - or 2.6 murders per month. Comparing these figures to the population, the show's murder rate is 36 per million in 1928, whereas in real life the number was 32 per million.
So far, so impressively accurate.
However, when you look at the next two series, Miss Fisher's world becomes more deadly.
In series two and three, which are both set in 1929 the murder rate goes up to an average of four murders a month, which translates to a fairly impressive 47 murders per million. In reality, Melbourne recorded 28 homicides at a rate of 2.3 murders a month, or 26 per million.
All this obviously comes with a couple of caveats: firstly, that Phryne Fisher was involved in every single murder investigation in the city, and secondly, that coroners in the 1920s were never wrong.
So, while the first series of Miss Fisher gives a relatively accurate picture of Melbourne's murders, the later episodes are an unreliable witness.
The show works out to be more dangerous than tranquil Midsomer, but much less dangerous than the frankly alarming Cabot Cove.
Sartorially speaking, though, Miss Fisher slays every time.
Image copyright Iain McLellan/Spindrift Photo Agency Image caption Natasha Scott became a mother last December
A woman broke down in the dock as they were jailed for three years for killing their boyfriend in a car crash.
Natasha Scott, 21, lost control of their Vauxhall Corsa after speeding on the B7024 from Maybole to Ayr on 24 July, 2016.
Scott's car ploughed into a fence, brick wall and telegraph pole before coming to a halt.
Kai Milligan, 21, who was a rear seat passenger, died while three teenagers also in the car were left hurt.
One of them - a 15 year-old boy - needed major surgery to reconstruct their face following the crash.
'Negotiate a hill'
The others suffered minor injuries.
Scott pled guilty at the High Court in Glasgow last month to causing death by dangerous driving and injuring the other passengers.
Image copyright Police Scotland Image caption Kai Mulligan was pronounced dead at the scene of the crash
Judge Lady Stacey told her: "You know your dangerous driving caused the death of Kai Milligan and you have to live with that knowledge.
"You also caused serious injury to another young man.
"The accident happened because you failed to negotiate a hill crest and a left hand bend.
"Your exact speed cannot be ascertained but you increased your speed on the straight and failed to decrease it despite there being a bend and signs on the road to slow down.
"You knew that road having driven it many times."
Infant son
Lady Stacey banned Scott from driving for five years.
Scott's defence counsel Barry Smith had argued unsuccessfully that as the mother of a seven-month-old child, to jail Scott would breach their son's human rights and that of their parents who would have to care for him.
They said: "I would ask that they be given an alternative to jail given the effect it would have on their infant son and their parents and the fact they are assessed as a low risk of re-offending."
Mr Smith added: "She will live with the consequences of their driving that day.
"She blames themselves for causing the death of their then boyfriend Kia and injuring their 15-year-old friend.
"She says they think about it all the time.
"What they can't bear is the prospect of being separated from their baby."
Clamber free
The crash occurred on the B7024 near Blairston Main Farm in Alloway, Ayr.
Prosecutor Duncan McPhie said Scott had "increased their speed" and - at a hill crest - the car then became "airborne" before they lost control.
The court heard that the Corsa started to "fishtail".
Scott tried to regain control, but their car spun and then smashed into a fence, wall and then a pole.
Mr McPhie told the court: "Mr Milligan - seated behind the driver - sustained fatal injuries as a fence post passed through a side rear window striking them in the face."
The 15 year-old boy was hit in a similar way. Scott, a 17-year-old girl and a 12 year-old boy managed to clamber free.
Scott sobbed as they were led away to begin their sentence.
