RPT-EU fetes end of roaming charges but risks linger for travellers
BRUSSELS, June 14 Roaming charges for using mobile phones when travelling within the European Union disappear on Thursday, capping a decade-long battle by Brussels to show increasingly sceptical Europeans it can make their lives better.
Russia has busted a Daesh-linked terror cell working on a plot to launch attacks in the capital Moscow.
Russia's main intelligence agency, the FSB, said on Monday that the cell included four people, two of whom had records in fighting alongside the Daesh terrorists in Syria.
It said in a statement that one of the suspects was a Russian while the other three were nationals from Central Asian countries but did not elaborate on their identities.
The intelligence agency said the four had been working on a major plot to carry out an attack targeting Moscow's transit system and a shop. It added that the suspects had been making improvised explosive devices in a lab outside Moscow.
The cell had been directed by two senior militants who fought on the side of the Daesh terrorist group in Syria, the FSB said, adding that they both hailed from the former Soviet Union.
It was no mention of the time of the arrests, which took place outside Moscow, ostensibly inside the lab which the FSB had managed to discover.
Russia has been hit by a number of high-profile attacks by Daesh since the country became involved in the war on terror in Syria.
Intelligence agencies have managed to defuse several plots, but Moscow and other cities still remain major targets for Daesh as the terrorist group has vowed to continue launching attacks in retaliation for Russia's assistance to Syria, which has proved helpful in purging the Takfiri terrorist group and other militants from major Syrian cities.
Russia has defended its military campaign in Syria, saying it is also meant to prevent the return of more than thousands of its nationals believed to be operating along the ranks of Daesh in the Arab country.
March 29 Callidus Capital Corp:
* Braslyn increases ownership in Callidus Capital Corporation
* Braslyn Ltd - acquired, through facilities of Toronto stock exchange, ownership and control over 129,800 common shares of Callidus Capital Corporation
* Braslyn - now owns and controls total of 6.5 million common shares of Callidus, or about 12.85% of issued and outstanding common shares of Callidus Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A Gweru-based firm, Linfield Farm, which is in the business of exporting peas and other horticultural products to Europe, is failing to expand its operations due to foreign currency shortages.
The firm's operations director Mr Tatenda Karimazondo said they were not accessing enough foreign currency to increase production.
“We have faced a number of challenges this season mainly because of the outbreak of diseases that affected us, but for us it is a learning curve,” they said.
“The major challenge affecting us this year is the shortage of foreign currency. “There are chemicals which are needed to control these pests which are not found locally.
“For our industry, the challenge is that at times you encounter unforeseen challenges like diseases and you need money timely to buy the pesticides to quickly control the disease.
“We are also not getting as much foreign currency as we would want, but we will soldier on since we want to be a reliable supplier for the foreign market.”
Mr Karimazondo said they were optimistic that they would increase production this year.
“This year, in terms of peas, we had projected to export an average of 500 tonnes, but if we manage more than 300 tonnes we will be happy because of the challenges we had this year,” they said.
Mr Karimazondo commended Government's efforts to avail foreign currency to enable them to finance their operations.
They implored Government to increase the allocation to the levels that other exporters were getting.
“Government has put in place some measures for us to get foreign currency, which has helped a lot.
“Those in gold sector get 70 percent in US dollars and 30 percent will be deposited in their bank accounts,” said Mr Karimazondo.
“If we get such kind of allocation in the agricultural sector, it will be sufficient for farmers to produce enough to make Zimbabwe one of the agricultural hubs it used to be.
“We are also exporting and earning foreign currency for the country, so we need to be supported to produce more.” Herald
March 30 Cashbox Partyworld Co Ltd:
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$ 4.0 per share to shareholders for 2016
* To use additional paid-in capital to distribute T$ 2.0 per share
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/E4pfJO
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Practical adoption of artificial intelligence (AI) is driven by an exclusive club of companies. A report from McKinsey Global Institute, published in June 2017, ascertained that investment in AI is dominated by digital giants such as Google and Baidu. On the other hand, the vast majority of firms have not taken any practical steps at all yet. According to Gartner's 2018 CIO Agenda Survey, four percent of CIOs globally have implemented AI, while a further 46 percent have developed plans to do so.
This investment asymmetry is creating a dangerous gap between a few firms that are increasing their competitive advantage and their already dominant market position with help of AI – and the many firms that are left behind.
Huge opportunities – low adoption
The potential of adopting AI in the enterprise is huge. PricewaterhouseCoopers predicts the global gross domestic product to grow 14 percent – the equivalent of $15.7 trillion – by 2030 as a result of AI, driven by increased productivity and higher sales. Going forward, AI will be embedded everywhere, both in the products and services sold to customers and along the entire value chain, which is employed to plan, produce, market and provide those products and services – driving outcomes such as better demand forecasting, improved operational efficiency and increased sales.
With such huge opportunities, why is the adoption rate so low? Many firms struggle to even get started because they cannot find meaningful and profitable AI use cases. Autonomous vehicles, humanoid robots and voice assistants are in media headlines every day, but it's hard to define the starting point for how to deploy AI in everyday business.
And when this starting point is found, technology is the next challenge. Data and infrastructure environments for AI must be configured to meet the specific requirements of a particular use case. Firms often don't have the expertise to build such tailored environments.
“AI democratization” creates value, but not a competitive advantage
Some technology companies claim they want to close the gap and “democratize” AI by providing off-the-shelf solutions – pre-trained AI models, ready to use in the cloud and equipped with algorithms that are constantly optimized.
These solutions relieve firms from the burden of setting up an AI data and technology environment from scratch. They can also provide superior value as they are fed with data from thousands or millions of similar deployments in other firms. Think of an AI solution that monitors your corporate IT environment to detect looming outages and recommends actions to prevent them. The more data sources this solution is based on, the better the detection and recommendations will be. Such off-the-shelf AI solutions are still rare, but the number is quickly increasing.
However, while this approach can create superior value, it does not suffice when the goal is to create a competitive advantage. By definition, off-the-shelf AI is suitable for a firm's use cases that are identical or very similar to other firms' use cases. Creating a competitive advantage, on the other hand, means creating value that is different or superior to other firms.
The analytics-AI continuum
Unfortunately, there are no shortcuts when it comes to implementing AI in the enterprise to create a competitive advantage. Firms must define their AI strategy, identify promising use cases, source the data, buy and build technologies, and put the right people and processes in place.
Moreover, AI does not flourish in isolation, but is the ultimate step in a continuum, where everyday business analytics graduate to big data to autonomous systems based on AI. That's a key reason why tech giants extend their edge so quickly – they already have the data and analytics foundation in place to which they can add AI – while laggards have to build this foundation first.
A key success factor is the underlying data, because algorithms can only be as good as the data with which AI models are fed – crap in, crap out. Ultimately, AI requires a unified data architecture and governance, providing standardized, labeled, clean data and centralized data lakes that feed all AI projects. This will prevent firms from creating AI islands. And it will ensure that AI models can discover patterns and relationships in data that might seem unrelated in the first place.
This does not mean firms have to wait with implementing AI until they have established an enterprise-wide data and analytics foundation. Long-term plans and short-term projects will be tightly interwoven, with the plan guiding the projects and the projects generating learnings that enrich the plan. Here is a three-phased approach to consider.
1. Find the use case
It might seem simple to find AI use cases, some of which are well-documented. In its study of the AI landscape, McKinsey Global Institute reviewed 160 AI use cases – only 12 percent of which had reached commercial adoption. Where is the problem? The use case can be too big or too complicated. It can be hard to prove short-term value, which is required to convince stakeholders. Or data is not available in the required variety, quality or quantity.
More often than not, the best initial use case for AI won't be the company's biggest problem. Making AI real means going beyond the hype, focusing on what is doable in a defined timeframe, with the budget, resources and data that are available. By doing this, firms often discover a more specific use case than they initially considered. For example, instead of trying to improve prediction of customer demand overall, they start with sentiment analysis on social media to establish a better customer dialogue process. It doesn't matter how big the initial use case is. The key is to get started, show tangible success, enter the learning curve and extend AI usage across the enterprise.
2. Create the data and technology environment
Companies need to be very specific about what they're trying to achieve to determine the technical resources required to get there – from identifying the data sources to selecting the data science tools, AI frameworks and models to the CPU/GPU ratio for processing and storage and backup needs. Think of two use cases employing AI-enabled video analytics as an example – identify license plates to determine taxes in a parking garage and facial recognition to find criminals at an airport. They vary significantly in terms of complexity, real-time requirements and retention policies and thus require different hardware/software stacks. This means firms have to precisely characterize and benchmark their specific AI workloads and process requirements to determine the optimal technology and its configuration, as well as the required data sets and data quality. This requires deep and specific technology expertise, as well as benchmark and configuration tools which can significantly simplify the task.
3. Stick to your plan and scale across the enterprise
While a firm goes through the exploration phase, it's crucial to keep the long-term plan in mind which defines the role of AI in the company's strategy, including opportunities, obstacles and critical success factors. Scaling AI usage throughout the value chain will require to systematically close gaps in a firm's capabilities. This can be infrastructure modernization, skills, management of change, data governance and security.
One of the most important gaps to close will be to create a company culture in which humans interact with machines in fundamentally new ways. In a traditional world, data analysts are giving recommendations to decision makers. With AI, firms are automating business processes based on decisions taken by an algorithm – and this will always involve uncertainties and probabilities along the way. This means creating a competitive advantage with AI requires both trust and vigilance; trust in the power of technology and vigilance to remain the master of one's own AI journey.
Bernie Ecclestone has questioned whether Liberty Media will be able to add Miami to next year's F1 calendar.
F1's new owners are confident they will add the second US date to the schedule for 2019.
But Ecclestone, who made a rare visit to the F1 paddock last weekend in Austria, isn't so sure.
"We looked bloody hard at getting a race in Miami in my time, and we encountered various obstacles," the former F1 supremo told the Daily Mail.
Indeed, those obstacles are now starting to emerge.
Christian Sylt, an F1 business journalist writing for Forbes, quoted a source who said a group of locals "have managed to deny the use of the parcel of land behind the arena for the F1 race".
The City of Miami and Liberty Media did not comment.
But Ecclestone said: "These guys (Liberty) might manage to get the deal done, but it will be tough. It is not just about money, but about other issues.
"Street races are always hard work," they added.
BEIJING, Feb 2 (Reuters) - HNA-Caissa Travel Group Co Ltd , a unit of China's beleaguered HNA Group , said on Friday it would scrap its share private placement plan mainly due to changes in regulations and market conditions.
HNA-Caissa Travel had planned to raise up to 3.09 billion yuan ($492 million) via the private placement, which it had revised three times from an original plan for up to 8.0 billion yuan announced in 2016.
The tourism service company will apply to withdraw its proposal from the securities regulator, it said in a filing to Shenzhen stock exchange on Friday. Trading in its shares has been suspended since January 19.
Since late 2016, the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) has been tightening its approval process for private placements to clamp down on speculative acquisitions, money misuse and irrational share valuations.
HNA-Caissa is one of many units of HNA Group, an aviation-to-financial services conglomerate which has been scrutinized over its ownership structure recently.
School children aged 9 to 11 can create a new temporary art installation at Fountains Abbey.
As part of a competition run by The North Yorkshire Society of Architects in partnership with the National Trust at Fountains Abbey and Studley Royal, the winning entry will be installed alongside professionally designed installations in the water garden at Fountains Abbey & Studley Royal from April to October 2018.
As part of the competition, a series of architectural workshops will be offered to local schools in the region, to provide a background to the design competition whilst presenting an insight into architecture and the built environment.
The workshops will be delivered by RIBA Chartered architects.
North Yorkshire Society of Architects have experience of working with primary schools through the BIKEBAY project when 10 year old Will Hunt's winning design was constructed and exhibited at the Tour de France Fan Park in Harrogate during the Grand Depart 2014.
The installation will find a permanent home this year at the new Harrogate Council Offices. A full photographic introduction to the project can be seen on the North Yorkshire Society of Architects' website.
If you would like to take part, or are interested in further information, email NYSArchitects@gmail.com by 26 July 2017. Places will be allocated on a first-come, first-served basis and workshops cannot be guaranteed to all schools who wish to take part if demand is very high.
Golf-Erin Hills a tough test for golfers and USGA
ERIN, Wisconsin, June 14 The U.S. Open is always billed as the ultimate test in golf due to course conditions but this week could also be one of the toughest logistical challenges as the major comes to Erin Hills for the first time.
The logo of Glencore is pictured in front of the company's headquarters in the Swiss town of Baar, November 13, 2012. REUTERS/Michael Buholzer
LONDON Swiss-based trading and mining giant Glencore has agreed to sell a 51 percent stake in its oil products and logistics business for $775 million to China's HNA Innovation Finance Group Ltd, the company said on Friday.
Reuters earlier exclusively reported that Glencore was in talks to sell a bundle of its global oil storage stakes, following similar moves by rivals as a boom period for storage shows signs of nearing to an end.
Glencore said the deal was expected to close in the second half of 2017 and that the transaction would result in a new company called HG Storage International Ltd with a presence across Europe, Africa and the Americas.
Dutch bank ING was the sell-side adviser to the deal, a spokesperson for the bank said.
(Reporting By Julia Payne, editing by David Evans)
International North-South Transport Corridor is an important and highly beneficial project as it would raise the possibility of trade and economic integration for the region, said an associate professor with the Department of Economics at Northeastern University of Azerbaijan.
Kamran Dadkhah told Trend News Agency, "Thus, the hope is that it will be implemented, although there are some obstacles in the way of the project."
The expert firstly noted that the corridor requires substantial investment and the question about who and to what extent would foot the bill remains in place.
The problem is that not all countries involved would benefit equally, according to Dadkhah. "For instance, the project benefits India and Russia greatly. It also has many benefits for land-locked countries of Central Asia. On the other hand, Iran, which is a pivotal part of the corridor, would not benefit as greatly as others. Iran has access to ports that can transport its oil to India and East Asia, while it can get its imports via the same route or through Turkey," they said.
Therefore, Dadkhah considers it to be natural for India and Russia to pay the main portion of the cost, although a part of the line will be built in Iran. "Another problem is the insecurity of the region. India has an option of sending goods through Afghanistan, but then who guarantees the safety. In addition, other adjacent areas, including Iraq and Syria are involved in conflicts that could easily spell over to neighboring areas," they added.
"When all these issues are considered, it is not surprising that such a beneficial project has taken so long to implement and at times it seems to have been stalled," added the expert.
"I believe that the project will continue, but its pace will be slow. It is up to India and Russia to provide the financing and at the same time make it clear that there are no hidden motives," they concluded.
International North-South Transport Corridor is meant to connect Northern Europe to Southeast Asia. It will serve as a link between the railways of Azerbaijan, Iran and Russia.
The corridor is planned to transport six million tons of cargo per year in the initial phase which will later increase to 15-20 million tons.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pardew on Evans
Alan Pardew wants West Brom to tie down Jonny Evans to a new deal in order to keep the defender out of the clutches of the Premier League big boys.
Pardew fears plenty of interest in Evans in the summer and it remains to be seen what stance the board would take if a big money offer came in.
The manager has signalled their desire to keep the Northern Ireland international from day one and obviously sees them as a player they can cement their team around next season.
They confirmed the basement club knocked back a £12million deadline day bid from Arsenal for their skipper.
Albion had previously considered selling centre-back Evans in January to free up funds for a new striker.
Arsenal were keen on Evans, 30, and Man City were previously, but Pardew insisted the Gunners' offer on Wednesday was instantly dismissed.
Pardew stated throughout the window that Albion wouldn't let £25m-rated Evans go at the last-minute if they couldn't replace him.
Albion also decided to keep the Northern Ireland international after bringing in Daniel Sturridge on loan from Liverpool to boost their goal-shy attack.
Evans, on £70,000-a-week, will be available on a cut-price £3m release clause if Albion are relegated and they could expect a major pay-rise elsewhere.
But Pardew said yesterday: “I told them what happened on Wednesday, they understood that, and now in my view we need to sit Jonny down and see if we can get a contract that works for them going forward.
“If not, in the summer again we're going to have this situation.
“That's something that I will speak to the board about in the next couple of weeks ago.
“He can only be open to those discussions if the figures are right because the market dictates and we have to understand what those figures would have been elsewhere.
“Whether we can reach those figures I don't know.
“He's clinical in terms of their thinking and when they come off the pitch of course he's effectively CEO of their own company.
“He decides their own fate. It doesn't matter about the team around him, their agent or anyone else.
“They can say what they like and have an opinion. At the end of the day Jonny Evans says: ‘this is what I want to do' and I would like them to sign a new contract at this club but Jonny is the man who makes that decision.”
Evans missed the midweek Premier League defeat at Man City - who previously tried to buy them last summer - with a hamstring injury.
Ahead of hosting Southampton tomorrow, Pardew refused to confirm whether the defender would be fit to return.
“Whether we can reach those figures I don't know.
“He's clinical in terms of their thinking and when they come off the pitch of course he's effectively CEO of their own company.
“He decides their own fate. It doesn't matter about the team around him, their agent or anyone else.
Advice for West Brom fans ahead of Cyrille Regis celebration
“They can say what they like and have an opinion. At the end of the day Jonny Evans says: ‘this is what I want to do' and I would like them to sign a new contract at this club but Jonny is the man who makes that decision.”
Evans missed the midweek Premier League defeat at Man City - who previously tried to buy them last summer - with a hamstring injury.
Ahead of hosting Southampton tomorrow, Pardew refused to confirm whether the defender would be fit to return.
“It was no-where near that.
“They got the response they were expecting with that bid.
“Jonny is a very important, a great player and part of the spine of the team and that is what I tried to strengthen in this window.”
Brunt on style
“At the end of the day it's a results business and you're based on your results in games,” Brunt told the BBC, on the transition Albion are experiencing under Pardew.
“Whether you sit in and score two goals from a set piece, and you play on the break and win 2-0, it doesn't really matter.
“We played Brighton a couple of weeks ago, and we played really well against Brighton and we deserved to win the game - but our two goals still came off set-pieces.
“That's a weapon to have, but it's important to not just rely on that.
“There have been stages in the last couple of years where we have relied solely on that to get goals.
“I think we've got better players here now than we've ever had, and we're capable of winning games in other ways as well.
“You can't just be so one-dimensional and I think that's something that we're trying to break out of.
“It's difficult to do that in the situation we're in - you have to make sure you're not losing games and at the same time show an ambition to try and win the game as well.”
Albion's gain?
"I'm looking at that list of ins and outs and it's gone under the radar. And I look at Sturridge. People are saying 'Sturridge isn't playing anymore, it's not a big loss'," Gary Neville told Sky Sports News of the Reds' decision to let the striker leave.
"Firmino gets injured for two months. Liverpool is in the Champions League and are trying to get into the top four... Danny Ings and [Dominic] Solanke. Were they wise to let them go? It just seemed a crazy one for me for a massive risk."
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tag:
* Biology Industry:
* Health Location:
* Vienna - Vienna - Austria
End
--In its day, penicillin was discovered by accident. Many people know the story of Alexander Fleming who returned to their lab in London after a holiday and found mould on a culture plate with a bacteria culture that had not grown. Further tests revealed that the mould killed gram-positive bacteria but was well tolerated by human beings. It took years until Fleming's colleagues were able to use penicillin as a lifesaving antibiotic. Today, scientists screen nature's medicine cabinet very systematically and test the effect of natural substances. In order to do that, they need significantly more than just a drop of plant sap or fungal secretion. The Austrian Science Fund FWF awarded an Erwin-Schrödinger grant to Michael Fuchs, a university assistant at the University of Graz, so they could spend 18 months doing research at the German "Max-Planck-Institut für Kohlenforschung"Like penicillin, Brefeldin A is derived from an unremarkable fungal mould (Penicillium brefeldianum). This natural substance breaks the protein transport chains in eukaryotic cells. As a consequence, the cellular protein factory (Golgi apparatus) disintegrates and the cell dies. "Brefeldin A has been shown to inhibit the uncontrolled growth of a multitude of human cancer cell lines. The first attempt to use the substance in clinical trials failed, however, because the molecule degrades and is excreted very quickly", Michael Fuchs says in explaining the status quo. The potent substance can be extracted by fermenting the fungus or it can be built from scratch step by step in the laboratory. Previously used routes of synthesis never produced a yield of more than 15 milligrams.To remedy that situation, this basic research project focused on a faster synthesis of larger amounts of the substance and on the experimental testing of newly developed synthetical methods and catalysts with the help of the complex target molecule. One crucial aspect was the precise construction of a "trans"-configured double bond. The beneficial effect of a compound is determined by the exact spatial orientation of the chemical groups forming it. Scientists distinguish 'cis' and 'trans' orientations. At best, one of the two may be ineffective;at worst it may be harmful.The construction process at the lab consists of 16 successive steps, with each step adding new elements to the growing molecule. The reactions are initiated with catalysts and fed with substrates. "In the last but one step we identified an unexpected side product which reduces the amount of end product gained", notes Michael Fuchs. Nevertheless, the new method still resulted in an output of ca. 500 milligrams of Brefeldin A, representing a 30-fold amount of what had been obtained previously.The chemist conducted further experiments which enabled them to stop the process at the desired stage and take a closer look at the intermediate product. The gained insight allows further improvement of the catalyst in order to have the reaction run to completion. Once the building plan is known exactly, the next step can be to produce derivatives by introducing small chemical modifications. Derivatives of natural substances are an established way of remedying shortcomings – such as (too) fast degradation. Back in Graz, Michael Fuchs is currently working on synthesising natural substances by means of ecologically harmless bio-catalytic processes.
@NadavPollak @lrozen That's a cropped image. Here's the full one. Unsure who photographed the photographer. pic.twitter.com/35XhvhK117
Gee Bryant
Contact
Deidre Palode
***@mayleemedia.com Deidre Palode
End
-- Fitness Enthusiast Gee Bryant has signed with thriving public relations firm, MayLee Media. Gee Bryant is a certified fitness trainer, business coach, motivational speaker, owner of "Phlexx Fitness" and creator of the most sought after workout program, "Results in 28 Days". Since the release of their new workout program, "Results in 28 Days", Gee Bryant is making strides in the Atlanta area to build their brand.Working with over one thousand clients and changing lives daily, Gee Bryant is determined to help people reach their goals and transform their lives. Whether they are inspiring their clients through fitness, finance, or faith, Gee Bryant empowers their clientele daily and has become a great influencer in the Atlanta area. Gee Bryant, also known as, "Mr. 28 Days" has been mentioned on the hit talk show, The Real, Baller Alert, and has received positive reviews from customers all over the nation.Gee Bryant is a true leader in the fitness and entrepreneurship arenas. From training everyday clients and some familiar faces, while also developing the most sought after weight loss program, Gee Bryant prides themselves on getting the results. Keeping documentations of thousands before and after transformations, being referred to for business coaching and motivational speaking, Gee Bryant can be considered a high commodity and inspiration for the millennial generation.The MayLee Media team will handle all of Gee Bryant's publicity efforts while re-creating an overall brand of the fitness/lifestyle enthusiast. MayLee Media will develop brand recognition and a strategic campaign that will promote Gee Bryant's visibility through the use of media channels and imperative partnerships. For media or booking inquiries for Gee Bryant please email deidre@mayleemedia.com . Stay connected with Gee Bryant on their Instagram networks @geebryant_ and @ri28challenge. To learn more visit www.resultsin28days.com and www.geebryant.com.Gee Bryant, also known as, "Mr.28 Days" is the creator of the "Results in 28 Days" weight loss program or RI28 Challenge. Originally from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Gee has coached thousands of people through life changing transformations throughout their career. Gee Bryant owns a gym in Atlanta, Georgia, by the name of "Phlexx Fitness", where they have garnered a national reputation for getting people amazing results fast. Gee Bryant lives by the quote "Nothing changes if nothing changes and every decision start with you."MayLee Media is a public relations firm specializing in the beauty, lifestyle and entertainment industries. MayLee Media pride themselves on their communication practices, networks and their extensive connections in the industry. MayLee Media is a stand-out Public Relations firm that "aspires the inspiring to transpire". With constant collaboration, dedication, and execution, MayLee Media has a proven track record of getting the job done. MayLee Media was founded by Deidre Palode in February 2014.
Brunswick driving range under new management
The driving range formerly known as Longshot Golf Center is under new management. The lease has been taken over by the group that is operating The Bath Golf Club and Chip's On The Green Restaurant at Wawenock Golf Club. The driving range and mini golf center, located at 305 Bath Road in Brunswick, was most recently operated as Chad Hopkins Golf Center. The group will renovate and reintroduce itself as Sandbaggers Driving Range and Mini Golf.
Sandbaggers Driving Range and Mini Golf opened to the public April 17; a grand opening is planned for the weekend of May 27 and 28. Visit the new website at www.sandbaggersgolf.com.
“The location fit into our group incredibly well, and will provide an additional space for … fittings, lessons, clinics, and really getting people excited about the game of golf,” said General Manager Sean McCarthy.
“The range is the perfect place for us to get people working on their game before they come over to The Bath Golf Club to play a round with us,” said Director of Golf Leon Oliver.
“Sandbaggers is going to bring back a great piece of Midcoast Maine golf history,” said Ryan Atwood, media manager. “Everyone grew up playing here. We all hit countless balls, played round after round of mini-golf, and we are excited to bring our company's touch to the property. This will give us a new avenue to promote and grow the game while providing a fun atmosphere for everyone involved.”
The company has hired Johnny Johnston of Bath, formerly the general manager of Freeport Country Club, to run the property.
Three local business leaders join hall of fame
Three local outstanding business leaders will be welcomed as laureates into the Junior Achievement of Maine Business Hall of Fame in an induction ceremony that will take place at May 1, at the Marriott Sable Oaks in South Portland. The laureates for 2017 are: Melissa Smith, president and CEO of WEX Inc. in South Portland; Bill Burke, chairperson of the Portland Sea Dogs; and Rob Tod, founder of Allagash Brewing Company in Portland. Since 1990, Junior Achievement of Maine's Business Hall of Fame has honored the state's most distinguished business people and women for their contributions to free enterprise.
Northeast Bank announced April 3 it made a $10,000 donation to support Junior Achievement of Maine that will, in part, help support the Maine Business Hall of Fame Gala. In addition, Northeast Bank, which has a branch in Brunswick, will increase volunteerism with the organization, including participation in financial literacy events at local schools.
Hires, promotions, appointments
University of New England Vice President of Finance and Administration Nicole Trufant has been appointed to serve on the board of the National Association of College and University Business Officers. Trufant was also elected to a serve as vice chairperson of the Eastern Association of College and University Business Officers beginning in the fall of 2018.
PDT Architects has hired Benjamin Winschel as an architectural designer. Winschel grew up in Portland, went to Deering High School, and holds master's and bachelor's degrees in architecture from Roger Williams University in Bristol, Rhode Island. Winschel is working on the new Cumberland County Federal Credit Union branch in Yarmouth and a renovation of Maine Eye Center's offices on Lowell Street in Portland.
On the Move
Systems Engineering, a Portland-based managed IT services provider, announced April 4 that it is expanding into Manchester, New Hampshire, to meet increasing demand. Sales and Marketing Director Todd Molloy will manage the new office.
Save the date
Women's Fitness Studio & Spa at 21 Stanwood St., Brunswick, will hold an open house Saturday, April 29, featuring tours of the remodeled fitness area and free classes from 8 a.m.-noon.
“The Open House is a great opportunity for women to see how we continue to change and remain current,” said Kathleen Strickland, who has owned the spa for over 37 years. “We are constantly researching all fitness trends which we feel can better serve our members.”
FYI
Bridges Home Health Services will be offering full scholarships and employment opportunities for eligible students to complete a six-week personal support specialist training, which will begin May 16 and run twice weekly at Maine Region 10 Technical High School in Brunswick. Pre-registration is required by calling 729-7323.
Pastor Ronald Robinson of Scarborough served as the Pastor of the Day on Tuesday, April 11, when they delivered the opening prayer in the Maine Senate. Robinson serves the congregation at Scarborough Free Baptist Church. With them is Sen. Amy Volk, R-Scarborough.
KUALA LUMPUR, April 20 Malaysia's Employees Provident Fund (EPF) is mulling direct investments in plantation and forestry assets to diversify its holdings and beef up its portfolio of long term assets, the chief executive of the state pension fund said on Thursday.
EPF CEO Shahril Ridza Ridzuan said the move to seek exposure to hard assets in the natural resources sector is part of its strategy to actively diversify from fixed income and public equity.
"In the last few years, you saw us expand primarily in real estate and infrastructure, and we have done several transactions in those spaces especially in the infrastructure sector in Malaysia," they said.
Real estate and infrastructure now make up 4 percent of EPF's total investment assets valued at 731 billion ringgits ($166.19 billion) at end-2016.
They said the pension fund is considering direct exposure in the plantation sector for the "reduced volatility".
EPF is a significant equity shareholder in Sime Darby Bhd , which runs the world's largest palm oil operation by land size, holding a 9.83 percent stake, as at April 13, according to Thomson Reuters Data.
"Already we are one of the largest investors in palm oil production. We have been looking at the prospects of potentially taking a more direct exposure - not just through the businesses but directly owning or controlling some of these planted assets," they said at a briefing to unveil the fund's 2016 annual report.
However, the fund divested completely from its equity stake in Felda Global Ventures Holdings Bhd, the world's third largest palm plantation group, in December, citing efforts to practice high standards of corporate governance and to manage risk.
The EPF is also taking a page from the investment playbook of its foreign counterparts, considering opportunities in the sustainable forestry space.
"(There is) a trend among our global counterparts...investing in renewable forests (and) farmlands. (It is) yet to be seen whether that is something suitable for us...but I think this is a direction to achieve, in which lot of the pension funds of the world are moving," Shahril said.
EPF recorded a gross investment income of 46.56 billion ringgits ($10.59 billion) in 2016, a 5.3 percent improvement from a year ago. However, gross return on investment dipped 36 basis points to 7.12 percent. ($1 = 4.3960 ringgit) (Reporting by Liz Lee; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
321Logo
Contact
Donnie Nichols
***@gevedu.org Donnie Nichols
End
-- With all the challenges that San Bernardino has faced in the last few years, making national headlines on a few occasions, a little positive has arrived on the scene with the launch from the downtown area of a free online reading tool that works on any smart phone, tablet, iPad or computer connected to the internet, and which allows two to five-year-olds to learn their alphabet, first ten numbers, twelve basic colors, twelve basic shapes and fifty basic words.The reading application, called 321Read, was developed over a period of nearly two years by local veterans in conjunction with the non-profit Global Education Vision, a multinational 501(c)(3) charitable organization that is dedicated to providing an affordable, quality education to the developing world.Children today spend countless hours using their phones, tablets and computers to play mind-numbing games that replace other forms of productive activity. "It's easy to hand your phone to your child and let them play 'Angry Birds' or 'Candy Crush' or any number of other addictive applications, but in the end, what do they really take away from that?" asks Donnie Nichols, one of the principal developers of 321Read. "Why not use the same time for something educational?"321Read is an online tool that runs on a website, so there are no applications to download, no software updates, no push notifications and no advertising. Navigation inside the site is easy enough for a two-year-old, and there are motivations built in for congratulating a job well done.To see 321Read online, or for more information, visit: www.321Read.org "Information For Editors"To get more information on 321Read, email: info@gevedu.org or check our website at: www.321Read.org.
International Wedding Dress Designer Callie Tein Visits Savannah to Celebrate Modern Trousseau's One Year Anniversary
Designer Callie Tein at Modern Trousseau
End
-- In honor of Modern Trousseau's one year anniversary, designer Callie Tein made a special visit to Savannah. The well-known wedding dress designer creates one-of-a-kind wedding gowns and mother-of-the-occasion dresses for 42 locations across 23 states and five countries. Savannah is one of six flagship locations in the Modern Trousseau brand which is owned by Tein and their husband.During their visit, the Australian-born designer met with brides at the Broughton Street bridal shop to collaborate on custom created designs for their big day. Tein was the selected designer for the Russo Turner wedding that took place at the beginning of the year. They met with Cecilia Russo Turner during their visit."It was lovely to see Callie again after the wedding frenzy had settled down," said Turner. "I had so many compliments on my dress, and the detailed design elements Callie included to make my gown one-of-a-kind. I can't thank them enough for the extraordinary job they did."Tein loves the luxury of working with fine French and Italian laces, imported silks, and delicate beadwork, and takes great care in selecting the fabrics that bring their 2-dimensional sketches to life.She studied fashion design at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology. They have been featured during New York Bridal Week and in a variety of print publications including Martha Stewart Weddings, Alexa, Inside Weddings, Style Me Pretty, Manhattan Bride, Town & Country Weddings, Charleston Weddings and others."I was thrilled to be able to spend a weekend in Savannah and meet with brides, designing their dream gown," said Tein. "A woman's wedding day should be magical and everything they ever imagined it would be. My goal is to create a wearable work of art for each and every bride."Modern Trousseau, 22 E. Broughton St., is celebrating their first anniversary. The shop is open for appointments from Tuesday through Saturday. For more information, call 912.201.1930 or visit https://moderntrousseauga.com ABOUT MODERN TROUSSEAU SAVANNAHThe distinctive designs of Modern Trousseau are the romantic creations of Australian-born designer Callie Tein. The hallmark of Modern Trousseau is customization. Each bridal design may be modified to suit a bride's individual style with a range of custom selections to choose from, including color accents, trimmings, skirt shapes and strap selections, along with the ability to mix and match styles. Modern Trousseau bridal gowns are designed and made in the U.S. and are available at 42 locations across 23 states and five countries.Modern Trousseau Savannah is located at 22 E. Broughton St. The shop is open for appointments from Tuesday through Saturday. For more information, call 912.201.1930 or visit https://moderntrousseauga.com
Contact
Nicholls Auction Marketing Group
***@nichollsauction.cm Nicholls Auction Marketing Group
End
-- Nicholls Auction Marketing Group is honored to announce the auction of a 3 bedroom 4 bath lake front home on 3+ acres with a large outbuilding and 600+/- feet of water frontage on Wednesday, June 21at 4 pm according to John Nicholls, president of the company."We are honored to have been selected to auction this potential filled water front property. The home, in need of TLC/renovation, is located on a large lot with a million dollar lake front view," said Nicholls. "A wonderful primary residence or your waterfront retreat awaits at the PRICE YOU BID. Make this opportunity of a lifetime yours.""The property's highlights include a 3 bedroom 4 bath 3,000 square foot brick home on 3.21+/- acres with 605+/- feet of frontage on Buggs Island Lake (Kerr Lake)," said Sid Smyth, Nicholls Auction Marketing Group auction coordinator. "The landmark water front home awaits your individual touch to be your very own personal show place."- The home's luxuries include a kitchen with conveying appliances, living room, full finished walkout basement, and an attached 2-car garage.- Other noteworthy features are rear deck with a amazing view and an 864+/- sq. ft. outbuilding with garage doors, cement floor a tin roof.- Also, of note is a stone-walking path to the water, a small beach, and large boulders to fish from or sunbath on.- The home is located on Kerr Lake, Virginia's largest reservoir, which at its capacity covers approximately 50,000 acres and is bordered by over 850 miles of shore line.- More about the properties many features can be found at www.nichollsauction.com.For more information about this auction, call Sid Smyth (434 955-0708) or visit www.nichollsauction.com Nicholls Auction Marketing Group, Inc., with over 45 years of auction superiority and over 200 years of combined experience, has been synonymous with excellence and successfully marketing and selling thousands of properties.# # #Nicholls Auction Marketing Group, Inc., is a professional accelerated marketing firm specializing in the promotion and sale of real estate via the auction method of marketing. Headquartered in Fredericksburg, VA, NAMG has been serving the needs of the Mid-Atlantic region since 1968. The Nicholls team comprises world and state champion auctioneers, an award winning marketing staff, and sales percentages unmatched in the industry. For more information about Nicholls Auction Marketing Group, Inc., visit www.nichollsauction.com or call 540-898-0971.
Displaced Iraqi women who fled their homes are seen at Khazer camp, Iraq, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Khalid al Mousily
A displaced Iraqi girl who fled their home with their family is seen at Khazer camp, Iraq, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Khalid al Mousily
Displaced Iraqi boys who fled their homes with their families carry branches to be used as firewood at Khazer camp, Iraq, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Khalid al Mousily
A Federal Police member speaks on the phone as they walk along a street in an area controlled by Iraqi forces in Mosul, Iraq, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Andres Martinez Casares
A displaced Iraqi boy who had fled their home has their hair cut as they are seen reflected in a mirror at Hammam al-Alil camp south of Mosul, Iraq. REUTERS/Suhaib Salem
Civilians carrying their goods walk along a street in an area controlled by Iraqi forces in Mosul, Iraq, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Andres Martinez Casares
Iraqi Federal Police members rest in a house in an area controlled by Iraqi forces in Mosul, Iraq, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Andres Martinez Casares
Iraqi men walk along a street in an area controlled by Iraqi forces in Mosul, Iraq, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Andres Martinez Casares
Iraqi Federal Police members walk along a street in an area controlled by Iraqi forces in Mosul, Iraq, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Andres Martinez Casares
Displaced Iraqis who had fled their homes study inside a tent at Hammam al-Alil camp south of Mosul, Iraq. REUTERS/Suhaib Salem
Displaced Iraqis who had fled their homes lie on the ground inside a tent at Hammam al-Alil camp south of Mosul, Iraq. REUTERS/Suhaib Salem
Displaced Iraqis wait to get food supplies as Iraqi forces battle with Islamic State militants, in western Mosul, Iraq. REUTERS/Suhaib Salem
Displaced Iraqi families who fled from clashes during a battle between Iraqi forces and Islamic State are transferred to different camps outside Mosul, Iraq. REUTERS/Youssef Boudlal
A Federal Police member walks towards positions in an area controlled by Iraqi forces in Mosul, Iraq, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Andres Martinez Casares
Iraqi rapid response members fire a missile against Islamic State militants during a battle with the militants in Mosul, Iraq March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Khalid al Mousily
MOSUL Iraqi special forces and police fought Islamic State militants to edge closer to the al-Nuri mosque in western Mosul on Wednesday, tightening their control around the landmark site and in Baghdad a suicide truck bomb killed at least 17 people.
The close-quarters fighting is focused on the Old City surrounding the mosque, where Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi proclaimed a caliphate nearly three years ago across territory controlled by the group in both Iraq and Syria.
Thousands of residents have fled from IS-held areas inside Mosul, the militants' biggest remaining stronghold in Iraq. But tens of thousands more are still trapped inside homes, caught in the fighting, shelling and air strikes as Iraqi forces backed by a U.S.-led coalition advance in the west.
Helicopters circling west Mosul strafed IS positions beyond the city train station, the site of heavy back-and-forth fighting in recent days, and thick black smoke rose into the sky, Reuters reporters on the ground said.
Heavy sustained gunfire could be heard from the Old City area, where militants are hiding among residents and using the alleyways, traditional family homes and snaking narrow roads to their advantage, fleeing residents say.
"Federal police forces have imposed full control over the Qadheeb al-Ban area and the al-Malab sports stadium in the western wing of Old Mosul and are besieging militants around the al-Nuri mosque," federal police chief Lieutenant General Raed Shaker Jawdat said in a statement.
Rapid Response elite interior ministry troops were advancing on the edge of the Old City, clambering over garden walls. Islamic State responded with rocket fire, streaking the sky with white smoke plumes.
"There are teams going into the Old City since yesterday," said Rapid Response official Abd al-Amir.
Iraqi troops shot down at least one suspected IS drone. The militants have been using small commercial models to spy and drop munitions on Iraqi military positions.
A suicide truck bomber detonated their explosives in southern Baghdad, killing at least 17 people and wounding around 60 more, police sources said, in the latest attack on the capital since Islamic State began to lose ground in the offensive.
CIVILIANS AT RISK
With the battle entering the densely populated areas of western Mosul, civilian casualties are becoming more of a risk. The United Nations says several hundred civilians have been killed in the last month, and residents say IS militants are using them as human shields.
Pope Francis said at their weekly audience in St Peter's Square on Wednesday that it was "urgent and imperative" to protect civilians in Iraq, and they expressed concern about those trapped in western Mosul.
The senior U.S. commander in Iraq acknowledged on Tuesday that the U.S.-led coalition probably had a role in an explosion in Mosul believed to have killed scores of civilians, but said Islamic State could also be to blame.
As investigators probe the March 17 blast, Lieutenant General Stephen Townsend said increases in casualties were to be expected as the war entered its deadliest phase.
Local officials and eyewitnesses say as many as 240 people may have been killed in the Al-Jadida district when a huge blast caused a building to collapse, burying families inside. Rescue workers are still pulling bodies out of the site.
One local health official said on Wednesday 250 bodies had been recovered from the site, though that is higher than Iraqi military estimates. But rescue efforts have been hampered by a lack of equipment and poor security.
HUGE BLAST
What exactly happened on March 17 is still unclear.
Iraqi military command has said one line of investigation is whether Islamic State rigged explosives that ultimately caused the blast that destroyed buildings. Iraqi military said there was no indication the building was hit directly by the strike.
Eyewitnesses have said a strike may have hit a massive truck bomb parked by the building. Others say families were either sheltering in a basement or had been forced inside.
"My initial assessment is that we probably had a role in these casualties," Townsend, the senior coalition commander in Iraq, told a Pentagon news briefing.
"What I don't know is were they (the civilians) gathered there by the enemy? We still have some assessments to do. ... I would say this, that it sure looks like they were."
The incident has heightened fears for the safety of civilians - an important concern for Iraq's Shi'ite-led government as it tries to avoid alienating Mosul's mostly Sunni population.
The United Nations rights chief said on Tuesday at least 307 civilians had been killed and 273 wounded in western Mosul since Feb. 17, saying Islamic State was herding residents into booby-trapped buildings as human shields and firing on those who tried to flee.
(Writing by Patrick Markey; Editing by Mark Trevelyan and Gareth Jones)
SHANGHAI: Chinese army officers have a new enemy in their sights—a mobile phone battle game believed so addictive to young soldiers that it may slow them down in real-life combat.
Smartphone smash-hit “King of Glory” is so popular in China that its maker and internet giant Tencent last month began limiting daily playing times to “ensure children's healthy development.”
Now the Chinese army is taking aim at the multiplayer online battle game.
“There is certainly a security risk that can't be overlooked,” the People's Liberation Army Daily newspaper warned gravely.
“The game requires constant attention but a soldier's job is full of uncertainty. Once a soldier is cut off from the game for an urgent mission, they could be absent-minded during the operation if their mind remains on the game.”
The newspaper said officers had become worried after noticing that almost all the soldiers in one dormitory were playing the game over a weekend.
The state newspaper did concede that up to a point the game offered respite during leisure time and there are no immediate plans to ban it from barracks.
Nevertheless, the rank and file should be given “scientific guidance,” it added.
The game boasts up to 80 million daily users but the Chinese government is increasingly worried about the impact it is having on children and teenagers, who lock themselves away for hours for marathon sessions.
AFP
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Epoxy Curing Agents Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Olin Corporation (Dow), Hexion, Huntsman, KUKDO, Reichhold, Atul, Aditya Birla Group, BASF, Evonik, Air Products, Royce International, Cardolite, Gabriel Performance Products, Mitsubishi Chemical, Incorez, Hitachi Chemical, Cargill, Dasen Material, Rich Chemical, Shangdong DEYUAN, Yun The Industrial.
The report begins with introducing the global Epoxy Curing Agents market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Epoxy Curing Agents report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-epoxy-curing-agents-market/5925/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Epoxy Curing Agents Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Amine-Based Products, Anhydrides Based Products, Other Type.
Epoxy Curing Agents Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Coatings, Construction, Electrical & Electronics, Wind Energy, Adhesives, Composites.
Key points in the Epoxy Curing Agents Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-epoxy-curing-agents-market/5925/#inquiry
From all of this Epoxy Curing Agents market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Epoxy Curing Agents market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Epoxy Curing Agents distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
In Hearthstone, the art of deck building has always taken a relatively specific shape: You choose a win condition (e.g. kill your opponent with small minions as quickly as possible), then fill your deck with the most powerful card combos to help you accomplish that.
Hearthstone Card Of The Month Every thirty days, we take a close look at a card that's been getting a lot of buzz—good or bad—in the world of competitive Hearthstone.
In the past, some cards have attempted to switch up the formula by giving you a powerful effect if your deck fulfilled a certain requirement. Reno Jackson, the first of these cards, healed your hero to full health if your deck didn't have any duplicates in it. Now, thanks to two Legendary cards from Hearthstone's Witchwood expansion, decks are taking on more interesting shapes than ever before.
The first of these cards, Baku the Mooneater, upgrades your hero power at the start of the game, but only if you've built your entire deck with cards whose mana costs are odd numbers. It's a striking limit, but on turns where you have an even amount of mana, you can use your 2-cost hero power to make the most of your mana pool. The upgrades here can have a huge impact on the game: If you're a warrior, your Baku-upgraded hero power gives you 4 armor, which lets you survive even the most brutal onslaughts from aggressive opponents. If you're a Paladin, your hero power spawns two 1-attack 1-health Silver Hand Recruits, allowing you to repeatedly swarm the board with minions even after your opponent has cleared it.
Advertisement
If you're thinking there must be a counterpart to Baku the Mooneater that gives you similar boosts if you build a deck with only even mana costs, you're right. It's called Genn Greymane, and it lets you use your standard hero power for 1 mana instead of 2, which helps you keep constant pressure on the opponent with your leftover mana.
It's true that a majority of the mechanics that come with Genn and Baku aren't new to Hearthstone. Cards like Prince Keleseth, Inkmaster Solia, and Reno Jackson have all provided great benefits by imposing similar limits on one's deck building. Cards like Raza the Chained and Justicar Trueheart have discounted and upgraded hero powers when played. But Genn and Baku have a twofold effect that limits decks by so much, that they eventually change the mechanics of Hearthstone for those who use them.
Advertisement
Of course, when you effectively cut half of the available card pool, the game begins to take a different shape, and a good amount of that has to do with the information that deck limits provide for the opponent. When you see that your opponent is playing an odd-costed Baku deck (and a fancy animation gives you this information at the very beginning of a match), you already know that your opponent isn't using even-cost cards, which lets you rule out certain plays based on the turn number.
For instance, if you're playing against an odd Paladin deck, you already know (or should know if you do your research) that they're not running the most powerful board-clearing cards like Consecration or Equality since they both are even-costed. This allows you to build a larger board without fear of an effective retaliation—that is, assuming you're able to build any sort of board presence at all in the face of the Paladin's upgraded hero power.
On top of that, since Genn and Baku's powers automatically take effect at the beginning of the game, they have a significant impact on the match whether or not you draw the cards, something that made past deck-limiters somewhat inconsistent and unreliable. This reliability, along with the fact that odd and even decks are pretty fun to experiment with, means that these types of decks are pretty popular in ranked play right now. Indeed, some of the best decks in the game right now are odd and even-themed.
Advertisement
Personally, my favorite thing about odd and even decks is that they've paved the way for weaker cards and inventive new strategies to break into competitive play. After all, when you limit the available card pool by half, you end up requiring players to include some cards that used to be seen as sub-par. Of course, the upgraded hero power has a way of making up for some of that lost power.
Where else would we see a Rogue deck list that relies on spell power minions and cheap damage spells to burst down the opponent? Where else (besides Arena, of course) would we see old, basic cards like Stormwind Champion used with zero irony whatsoever? Genn and Baku decks might eventually reach a point where they're so optimized that they stop rewarding us with this kind of variety, but the cards and strategies they've introduced have already added flavor to Hearthstone where none had previously existed.
believes that their career isn't as successful as they would like it—apparently part of the blame is because of Black folks.
In a recent interview with The Guardian, they stated that they believe that Black women fans feel forced to like only one Black female artist at a time.
“Recently, my cousin was with a friend of a friend, who was in high school, and they were like: ‘I'm a fan of Kehlani,' but in a way that was like, ‘So I can't be a fan of Tinashe, too.' Then my friend posed the question, ‘Why not be a fan of both?' It's kind of like sport; people feel like they have to pick a side.”
They added: “There are hundreds of [male] rappers that all look the same, that sound the same, but if you're a Black woman, you're either Beyoncé or Rihanna. It's very, very strange.”
(Uh…there's also Alicia Keys, Mary J. Blige, Jill Scott, Erykah Badu, Solange, SZA and countless others. We're fully capable of multitasking our fanhood.)
Later on, they discussed feeling disconnected from other African-Americans when they were child and even now because they are half Zimbabwean and Danish.
“There's colorism involved in the Black community, which is very apparent. It's about trying to find a balance where I'm a mixed woman, and sometimes I feel like I don't fully fit into the Black community; they don't fully accept me, even though I see myself as a Black woman. That disconnect is confusing sometimes.”
They shrugged. “I am what I am.”
(Does someone want to explain to them that what they have described isn't really colorism?)
Now, granted they didn't say per se that their albums weren't selling because of their lighter skin, but Black Twitter connected their own dots and they weren't having any of it:
I really think Tinashe is talented and there is a struggle for Black girls in music, but this interview ain't it and is totally unhelpful. — Michael Arceneaux (@youngsinick) June 13, 2017
But Tinashe, baby, you can't be light skinned AND mediocre at the same time anymore and expect fame. Blame that on your career, not us. — Kellee Terrell (@kelleent) June 13, 2017
Tinashe JUST came on the music scene like 2 or 3 years ago. Like girl, you have gone have to WORK to get at least half where bey is. pic.twitter.com/QQ5Hkba7qo — Sza Kyd (@SzaKyd) June 13, 2017
Every Black person born in the 70s will fight you over Mariah Carey slander. Tinashe is drunk. — ASIA (@AsiaChloeBrown) June 13, 2017
Tinashe has good music but not good enough for them to be where Beyonce and Rihanna are, it has nothing to do with them being mixed honestly. — Destiny 🍫 (@desssssyy_) June 12, 2017
Colorism isn't why Tinashe's career isn't popping like Beyoncé or Rihanna's. She's light skin just like them. I don't get it. — Ᏸecca🥀 (@MJStarLover) June 12, 2017
Dear Tinashe why is it up to the black community to make you relevant? 🤔 — Ofonime (@Ofyjlove) June 14, 2017
Tinashe played the 'Tragic Mulatto' card. I hate when light skins complain about being light skin. Colorismworks in your favor sis. — I Have 2 Degrees 🔥 (@jaesofamous) June 13, 2017
I'm just tired of Black artists doing this "crabs in a barrel" nonsense because they feel entitled to superstardom. — Shanice Brim (@ShaniceBrim) June 13, 2017
Tinashe not getting sympathy. being light skinned is an advantage in entertainment. Don't blame the black community, blame your management — Hak33m 🇳🇬 (@PrinceHAK33M) June 13, 2017
On Tuesday, Tinashe defended themselves on Twitter: “I was not talking about colorism in the industry,” they wrote. This is taken out of context.”
I was not talking about colorism in the industry. This is taken out of context. — TINASHE (@Tinashe) June 13, 2017
why don't we ask @Tinashe ? Shall we? Are you saying that colorism is preventing you from being successful in your craft? — Notorious F.U.P.A.™ (@LA_FUPACABRA) June 13, 2017
BEAUTIES: Did Twitter get it wrong or is Tinashe making excuses?
RELATED NEWS:
The Cast Of ‘Girls Trip' Covers ‘Essence' Magazine
Take That, Take That: Diddy & Beyoncé Top Forbes' Highest Paid Celebrities List
Rumor Alert: The Warriors Aren't Here For A Celebratory Trip To The White House
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
A celebration for all those who are planning to celebrate, over 70 Southern Ocean County Chamber members hosted 566 attendees at the April 22 party planning tour which spanned Long Beach Island.
End
-- Decision makers and attendees arrived from across the country to be part of Southern Ocean County Chamber of Commerce 10th Annual Wedding Road Show and Party Planning Tour this past Sunday. The event has been the cornerstone of marketing the Long Beach Island region as a destination for weddings and milestone occasions since its inception in 2008. The highest pre registration rate in the event history led to the largest amount guests in attendance, 180 checked in Decision Makers with 386 in their entourage. The total number of 566 people met, toured and did business directly with chamber members in the course of the six hour event.Decision makers came from across the state from cities such as Hoboken, Morristown, West Caldwell, Cherry Hill, and Riverside. Cities out of state were well represented with attendees coming from Yardley and Easton Pennsylvania, Port Jervis, Staten Island, Brooklyn and NYC, Washington DC, Granby CT, Wilmington, DE, Providence, RI , Youngsville NC, and Ft. Lauderdale, FL to name a few. All decision makers were able to participate to win the Grand Prize, which consisted of an overnight package for a luxury stay at The Mainland, broadway tickets to Summer, Chowderfest tickets and champagne. The Prize winner will be announced on the Southern Ocean Chamber and LBI Wedding Road Show social platforms before Friday April 27 2018.The Southern Ocean County Chamber thanks all who attended and to its members who supported the event by displaying and participating on April 22 including : Vendor Showcases host locations Brant Beach Yacht Club, Daymark, Parker's Garage, Surf City Hotel, Surf City Yacht Club and SeaShell Resort & Beach Club. Each venue held a variety of different party professionals. Southern Ocean members included: 18 Mile Productions, A Sweet Memory, Ann Coen Photography, Artifacts and Company, Beach House Spa, Bella Donna, Bleu Salon, Bogarth Wedding Planner, Buckalews, Charles Gravener Photographer, Country Kettle Fudge, Crisp Designs on Paper, Dan Mueller DJ, Drifting Sands, Enchanted Celebrations, Gina Ritacco Makeup, Island Guest House, Island Party Station, Jersey Shore Air Adventures, Jessica Erb Photography, Just Bragging Salon, Kate & Ally's Catering, Anita Morris from Keller Williams, A Little Bite of Italy, Leanna Photography, Lily of the Valley, Long Stems, Mer-made Photography, Monte Entertainment, Morgan Sayre from State Farm Insurance, Murphy's Market, Nightlife Entertainment, On Point Wedding & Event Co, Perlmutter Florist, Portraits by the Bay, Pretty Please Bridal, Priceless Photo Video, Pyour Core, Reverend Joe Mangino, Rose Garden Florist, Rustic Drift, Sea Spray Motel, Seaside Ceremonies, Sheena Lynn Photography, ShooBoo Shuttle, Side Door Donuts, South End Surf & Paddle, Spray Beach Chapel, Sunny Raes, Surflight Theatre, Sweet Melissa, Tea Party to Go, Touch of Elegance Catering, Two Giants Photography, Wanderlove Press and Weichert Realtors in Ship Bottom.Tour Only locations consisted of The Arlington, Carmen's Unique Beach Cuisine, Daddy O, The Gables, The Plantation, Tucker's Tavern and LBI Historic Museum. These venues were open for attendees to stop by, learn more information and take tours. Southern Ocean Chamber would also like to thank ongoing support from the New Jersey Division of Travel and Tourism as well as media sponsors including NJ Wedding.com, Elegant Bridal, Celebrations Guide ,Wedding Set Go, The Knot and B98.5 FM . To find out more about the 104 year strong regional business organization, go to their website www.visitLBIregion.com, follow on facebook and instagram @southernoceanchamber and @LBIregion
More than £4,000 has been raised to support the family of a PCSO who died just ten days after being diagnosed with cancer.
Tributes have been pouring in for PCSO Matt Powell, who died on June 30.
Northants Police's Chief Constable Simon Edens is among those to pay tribute to the PCSO who worked in Wellingborough.
They said: “It's with great sadness that I can confirm one of our much-loved PCSOs, Matt Powell, died following a short illness on Saturday, June 30.
“Matt had been with the force for 11 years and was a well-known and respected member of the Wellingborough neighbourhood team.
“His loss is being felt across the force and wider community and I want to pass on my sincere condolences to their family, friends and colleagues.”
Numerous people have paid tribute on social media, including a tweet from PC Scott Desrochers which said: “The team knew they were ill, but they left us a lot quicker than we expected.
“PCSO Matt Powell was one of the sweetest, funniest and most genuine people I've ever met.
“Personally and professionally, he'll be dearly missed.”
PC Rob Stevens tweeted: “One of the funniest, kindest, most genuine chaps that I have ever had the pleasure to work with and as so many from team Northants, a friend.
“My thoughts are with your amazing family
“Rest in peace PCSO Matt Powell, we have the watch from here.”
Glamis Hall For All on the Queensway in Wellingborough also tweeted about PCSO Powell and said: “Condolences to their family at this sad time from all at Glamis Hall.
“A good friend, sadly missed.”
Since their death, a fundraising page to raise £10,000 to support Matt's wife in paying for their funeral and supporting their children has already reached £4,000.
Writing on the JustGiving page, Hayley Handford said: “Matt Powell was a PCSO on my team who died suddenly on 30th June.
“He was diagnosed with cancer but died 10 days later.
“He leaves behind their lovely wife and three heartbroken children.
“He was a carer for their wife who fights the confines of MS every day.
“Matt's humour and determination saw them through many a difficult time.
“He suffered from poor health for years but was courageous and brave.
“He plodded the streets of their communtities and was an excellent PCSO.
“He knew their stuff and they knew their stuff well.
“He had an extremely kind heart and an overwhelming love for their family.
“I promised them that their family would become part of our family.
“I promised them that we would look after them because I know what we can do when we all pull together.
“I know that Trish, Kieran, Harvey and Alisha would be humbled by any help we can give them.
“The support of being part of our family, the police and communities they protected will make their hearts swell with pride.
“Please help us that loved and worked with Matt help our new family.
“Please help us show them that we look after our own and please help us show them how much Matt meant to us all.”
Anyone who wants to make a donation can do so by clicking here
San Diego Padres third baseman Christian Villanueva (22) squeezes powder onto Hunter Renfroe, center, after Renfroe drove in the winning run against the Miami Marlins in a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in San Diego. The Padres won 3-2. Gregory Bull AP Photo
Kiwi tech company Plexure Group has teamed up with McDonald's which is rolling out its marketing voucher technology to consumers in New Zealand.
The NZX-listed firm, headquartered in Auckland, has been working with McDonald's Corporation for six years in a number of its markets such as Japan and Netherlands which are already using the mobile voucher technology.
Plexure is a software platform enabling retail businesses to integrate consumers data such as location services, time of the day and weather with special offers vouchers and nearest-store information.
Plexure Group chief executive Craig Herbison, who has been leading the company for seven months, said the technology was designed to enhance customer experience and increase sales.
Advertisement
"The global value of marketing today is $5 billion annually which is that full swing of marketing automation. Within what we do, though, this is one part of that but what we're doing with McDonald's is enhancing the digital experience and delivery services," Herbison said.
"The challenge we have is pivoting the conversation out of pure technology into the customer and getting that better engagement."
McDonald's New Zealand head of consumer and business insights Adrian Green said the app rollout had been well-received.
"We know Kiwis like digital transactions, so we're excited that this app has finally come home," Green said.
Plexure, formerly known as VMob, was listed on the New Zealand Stock Exchange in 1985. In the six months to September 30, Plexure lifted its ACMR - a measure for software services companies, to $6 million - up 25 per cent from a year earlier.
Herbison said the technology could bridge the gap between the digital economy and driving consumers into bricks and mortar stores.
The Plexure app in use by McDonald's. Photo / Supplied
"My focus is about solving this problem that businesses have in their physical retail space which is people are increasingly purchasing online and defecting from that experience, and making that physical experience in retail a bit more engaging and ultimately driving more sales," they said.
"[The idea] is before I walk into [shop] I can select what I want, pay for it on my phone and [staff] can turn up and give it to me because they know where I am."
The technology customises offers depending on the whether, time of day, they said.
Herbison said Japan was a key market when developing the technology.
"Japan is a market where we have a big engagement. We have three staff members embedded [there] and its a very progressive country because the Japanese are big users of mobile technology experiences."
Plexure has offices in Tokyo, San Francisco and employs 40 staff members. It is also working with Heart of the City, Ikea, 7-Eleven and Fly Buys.
With Kyle Peters set for surgery on their knee following Monster Energy Supercross and Jimmy Decotis slated to miss the opening portion of Lucas Oil Pro Motocross due to a back injury sustained in Daytona, Autotrader/Yoshimura Suzuki will bring up amateur Enzo Lopes. The Brazilian will make their pro debut at Hangtown on May 19.
“This is a dream come true! Being a kid from Brazil, it's amazing to think that I'm part of the Autotrader/Yoshimura Suzuki Factory Racing team,” Lopes stated. “This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, and I'm so thankful. I like North Carolina because it reminds me of home. My first day on the Suzuki RM-Z250 was so much fun. The bike felt perfect right away, as it is very fast and handles well. I'm really looking forward to Hangtown.”
Lopes, 18, originally from Lajeado, Brazil, has won 11 Brazilian National Championships and finished runner-up at Loretta Lynn's twice during their amateur career.
“It's exciting to give a young kid and promising amateur this opportunity,” team manager Jeremy Albrecht said. “We're interested to see what he's capable of. They will be spending the next few weeks riding in North Carolina in preparation for the Lucas Oil Pro Motocross Championship. I'm happy to support Enzo. Hopefully they can achieve their goals. We expect that they will race the opening three or four Nationals.”
Lopes, who will wear #816, will ride for the team until Decotis is ready to return.
BUCHAREST, Romania (AP) — Romania's top court on Wednesday told the country's president to fire the chief anti-corruption prosecutor, widely praised for their efforts to root out high-level graft, but a thorn in the side of some politicians.
The constitutional court ruled in a 6-3 vote that there had been an institutional conflict after President Klaus Iohannis disagreed with the justice minister's assessment that National Anti-Corruption Directorate Chief Prosecutor Laura Codruta Kovesi should be dismissed on grounds of failing to do their job properly.
In their February report calling for their dismissal, the minister, Tudorel Toader, said they were authoritarian, claimed that prosecutors falsified evidence and asserted that the number of acquittals was too high. They also said they had harmed Romania's image in interviews with foreign journalists. Kovesi later refuted their accusations.
Under their leadership, the agency has successfully prosecuted lawmakers, ministers and other top officials for bribery, fraud, abuse of power and other corruption-related offenses.
Advertisement
Kovesi's departure would be a blow to the agency, respected by ordinary Romanians, the European Union and the U.S. The court will explain its ruling later.
The opposition party Union to Save Romania said the ruling was a politically biased decision in favor of the ruling Social Democratic Party, which has been critical of the anti-graft agency. The opposition group accused the court of stripping the president of their powers and turning them into a mere clerk.
Toader, however, praised the ruling saying Iohannis did not have "the legal ability to evaluate the professional and management competences of high-ranking prosecutors."
A southbound car crash on the Northern Motorway is causing delays in the North Shore.
The crash is clear of lanes (on the centre median) citybound just after the Sunnynook Rd overbridge, however is causing delays currently.
UPDATE 9:45AM
Please expect delays northbound also through this area with emergency services part-blocking right lane to attend crash scene. ^TP
https://t.co/6CKNVwFYDs — NZTA Akld & Nthlnd (@NZTAAkl) May 30, 2018
Two breakdowns on the Southern Motorway also slowed traffic this morning but both are now clear.
UPDATE 10:25AM
This breakdown now cleared. Traffic is moving normally in the area again. ^TP
https://t.co/UcEAg8glcF — NZTA Akld & Nthlnd (@NZTAAkl) May 30, 2018
View Complete Agenda
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Ophthalmic
* Eyecare
* Optical Industry:
* Medical Location:
* London - England - England Subject:
* Events
End
-- Here at Ophthalmic Drugs, just wanted to quickly provide an update about the Ophthalmic Drugs conference taking place this November, and why missing out is not an option!Ophthalmic Drugs has gained some great traction throughout these few months, with an incredible representation from our pharma industry experts, who will help you tackle every possible obstacle you may face through real-life case studies. Gain insight into current trends in novel technology being used for preclinical and clinical trials.Companies Attending: Santen Inc., Shire, Novartis, Roche, NightstaRx, Aerie Pharmaceuticals, Bayer, Envisia Therapeutics, Boehringer Ingelheim, Oxford BioMedica, Novaliq GmbH, Alimera Sciences, Aptar Pharma and PharmaMedic Consultancy Ltd.Presenting Case Studies & Topics Within: Novel approaches to the treatment of ocular diseases such as presbyopia and glaucoma, combating challenges in drug release and delivery, regulatory considerations involving new technologies and patient reported outcomes.The finalised agenda is now available online: www.ophthalmicdrugs.com/prlHow Can You Benefit?- 16+ Peer-led Sessions- 15+ Hrs of Highly Interactive Content- An Audience of Ophthalmic Experts & Innovators Under 1 RoofLearn. Tackle. Network.Claim e-ticket online, and save £300 (limited time only) www.ophthalmicdrugs.com/prl4Check out the finalised agenda here: www.ophthalmicdrugs.com/prlSMi is Proud to Present the Launch of…Ophthalmic DrugsDate: 28th – 29th November 2017Location: London, UKWebsite: www.ophthalmicdrugs.com/prlSponsors:- EXPERIMENTICA- LEICA MICROSYSTEMSContact Information:For all media inquiries contact Pavan Solanki on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6048 / Email: psolanki@smi-online.co.ukAbout SMi Group:Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world's most forward-thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi- online.co.uk
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
As part of Goleta's commitment to public safety, Goleta police conducted a sobriety and driver's license checkpoint last Friday. The checkpoint was held between 7 p.m. and 3 a.m. at Hollister Avenue and Storke Road in Goleta.
This operation was one of many that have or will be conducted throughout the year in Goleta.
Here are the results of the checkpoint:
» Vehicles screened — 506
» DUI arrests — 2
» Driving without a valid driver's license — 5
» Driving on a suspended driver's license — 1
» Vehicles impounded for 30 days — 2
» Vehicles impounded for one day — 3
» Criminal citations — 2
» Miscellaneous traffic citations — 2
» Driver's evaluated for DUI (alcohol/drugs) — 10 (determined to be not impaired)
A 45-year-old Santa Barbara woman and a 22-year-old Goleta man were arrested on suspicion of DUI.
The checkpoint was funded by a grant from the California Office of Traffic Safety, through the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
The City of Goleta contracts with the Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Department for police services.
— Kelly Hoover is a public information officer for the Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Department.
CougarShield™ celebrates successful debut after 12-day long exhibition in the 38th Bangkok International Motor Show with 1.6 million visitors.
Contact
CougarShield International
***@cougarshield.com CougarShield International
End
--in partnership with its Thailand strategic partner, Cardinal Filmcelebrates the successful debut of the CougarShield™brand at the 38th Bangkok International Motor Show. The 38th Bangkok International Motor Show closes its 12-day exhibition triumphantly on 9of April 2017, Sunday with a total of 1.6 million visitors and 36,093 vehicular orders.Through the interactive booth design and informative counters, "CougarShield™, a brand that represents an innovative in automotive coatings have generated significant products and interest from the Motor Show attendees on the innovation and technology behind its Nano Titanium, Water-based Paint Protection and Glass Protection Coatings. Visitors had the opportunity to see and feel the effect of the coatings up close and witness the unique and superior differences of CougarShield's™coatings against other competing brands in the market.The 12-day long exhibition also showcased 3 on-site live Facebook video events featuring product presentations and demonstrations by CougarShield's International Technical Director – Mr. Yeo Boon Khee. "I'm very proud to be part of this interactive video presentation. Utilizing social media to communicate our product's competency is a great way to reach out to a wide group of interested consumers, and it allows us to convey and provide proof of our product unique strengths and abilities." Said Mr. Yeo.Consumers whom missed the informative live Facebook event can catch them at CougarShield's™Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/ cougarshield/ or Cardinal Films' Facebook Video links:https://www.facebook.com/cardinalfilmthailand/videos/1353676144679109/https://www.facebook.com/cardinalfilmthailand/videos/1354656557914401/CougarShield International is headquartered in Singapore, and is renowned for its proprietary Nano Titanium coatings. When applied onto surfaces of automotive or buildings, CougarShield™coatings forms a protective layer that protects and maintains the original condition of the coated surface, provides superb properties such as gloss enhancement, hydrophobic water barrier protection as well as superior hardness, and expansion & contraction adaptability. Water-based and non-toxic, CougarShield's™unique water-based formulation is also eco-friendly with no negative impact on the environment.Cardinal Film is a leading automotive service provider with premium products and solutions such as solar control film, automotive grooming, and paint protection coatings. Through its innovative product offerings such as the premium Cardinal Tuxedo; Seven window films, and CougarShield™coatings, Cardinal aims to provide the best automotive aftermarket service to its customers throughout Thailand.For more information or business opportunities, visit our website at www.CougarShield.com.SOURCE: PR17012 | CougarShield International Pte Ltd
May 2 Ritter Pharmaceuticals Inc :
* Ritter Pharmaceuticals announces issuance of new patents for its lactose intolerance treatment, RP-G28, and provides an update on its path forward into Phase 3
* Will be holding an end of Phase 2 meeting with FDA to present and discuss Phase 3 plan for RP-G28 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Nov 22, 2016; Montreal, Quebec, CAN; Montreal Impact forward Didier Drogba (11) interacts with fans after the first leg game against the Toronto FC of the MLS Eastern Conference Championship at Olympic Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Eric Bolte-USA TODAY Sports
Former Chelsea striker Didier Drogba has agreed to join second-tier United States team the Phoenix Rising in an effort to help them join an expanded Major League Soccer (MLS) competition before they take an executive role with the team when they retire.
The Arizona team added on Wednesday the Ivorian would have a "vested interest" in the franchise.
The Rising compete in the second tier United Soccer League (USL), but have applied for an expansion berth in MLS, who are planning to add four new teams over the next few years with two sides named later this year.
"After seeing first hand the potential for expansion of the sport in North America and getting to know the ownership group in Phoenix, I am convinced that I can help them develop their organisation on and off the pitch," Drogba said on the club website.
"I look forward to their continued success in the USL, and no city is better positioned than Phoenix for expansion into the MLS."
Drogba, 39, played for Montreal Impact in MLS last season and the club and USL said they felt they would boost its exposure.
"We want our club and our city to be synonymous with international excellence, and Didier Drogba is a testament to Phoenix Rising FC's commitment to that mission," said Phoenix governor Berke Bakay.
USL president Jake Edwards was no less effusive.
"He will be a great ambassador for our sport, using their experience, talent and vision to benefit fans, as well as fellow players," Edwards said.
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
A hairdressers' salon has been badly damaged in an arson attack in Co Antrim.
A car was reversed through the shutters of the business in Larne's Main Street and set alight on Monday night.
Police in Northern Ireland believe a falling-out between two people may have caused a spate of arson attacks on vehicles and property in the town in recent days, but paramilitaries are not thought to be involved.
PSNI Detective Chief Inspector Dunny McCubbin said: “This was a mindless and reckless attack by individuals who have shown no concern for the people of Larne and no respect for the business people trying to make a living in the town.
“This business has been devastated by this attack and there can be no excuse or justification for what happened here last night.”
Police believe one man travelled to the scene in the vehicle, a grey Nissan Primera, and then fled on a blue and white motorcycle driven by a second individual.
Three fire appliances attended.
Other attacks
Eight other arson attacks over the weekend are being investigated by detectives and officers are considering if the latest incident is linked.
Two cars were targeted in the town early on Monday and there were similar incidents early on Saturday and Sunday.
Two men aged in their 30s have been arrested as part of the overall investigation.
A 30-year-old man was apprehended on Saturday and subsequently charged with grievous bodily harm and possession of an offensive weapon.  They are expected to appear in court in Ballymena on May 11th.
‘Making threats'
A second man (32) was detained on Monday. They have since been charged with common assault and making threats to damage property.  They are due to appear at Ballymena Magistrates Court on May 4th.
DUP Assembly member Gordon Lyons said the incidents brought Larne into disrepute and damaged the reputation of the “hard-working” community.
“The majority of people in this community are against this behaviour and it will not be tolerated. The people responsible have no regard for Larne, lives or property.
“In particular last night a local business has been damaged. This is reckless behaviour against those who want to go about their daily lives.
“I totally condemn their actions and I am calling for an end to this spate of activity.”
–(PA)
(Adds comments by IMF official)
By Duncan Miriri and George Obulutsa
NAIROBI, March 30 Kenya's Finance Minister Henry Rotich said on Thursday they expected steady economic growth for this year as they presented the country's last budget before a national election in August.
Growth is expected to be 5.9 percent in 2017, the same rate of expansion in the first three quarters of last year, they said.
"But growth could be lowed if the ongoing drought persists and the slowdown in private sector credit is not reversed," Rotich warned.
East Africa has been suffering from severe drought and aid groups say 2.7 million Kenyans need food aid.
Rotich set the fiscal deficit at 524.6 billion shillings ($5.10 billion) or 6 percent of the gross domestic product, down from 9 percent in the current fiscal year. They pledged to lower it further to 4 percent of GDP in the 2019/20 fiscal year.
"The plans for fiscal consolidation are the most positive of this budget," said Armando Morales, the IMF's resident representative in Kenya.
They however cautioned that the minister's revenue projection could be a little too optimistic. The minister projected a 13 percent increase in revenue.
"It will be difficult to grow the revenue but we need to go through the details," Morales told Reuters.
Rotich has set aside billions of shillings for infrastructure including railways and new roads, and increased welfare payments for senior citizens.
"The net external financing will amount to 256 billion or 2.9 percent of GDP and will be mainly on concessional terms," Rotich told lawmakers.
The balance, 268.6 billion shillings or 3.1 percent of GDP, will be borrowed from the local market, they said.
The government is investigating the effects of a controversial cap on interest rates, which bankers say have frozen smaller lenders out of the market as banks invest in low-risk government bonds, the minister said.
After the government tightened banking regulations and introduced the cap, the growth of private sector credit slowed down to 4.5 percent last December, from 17 percent a year earlier, stoking concerns about the potential impact on growth.
The government would freeze in-house recruitment except for a few sectors, part of a promise to tackle the country's ballooning wage bill, Rotich said in the budget.
President Uhuru Kenyatta, who is up for re-election in August's parliamentary and presidential vote, has promised to slash politicians' pay packages, which are among the highest in the world.
They have also dismissed opposition criticism of government borrowing, saying the money is funding an ambitious development agenda. ($1 = 102.8500 Kenyan shillings) (Additional reporting by John Ndiso; Editing by Katharine Houreld and Vin Shahrestani)
The situation: snow has covered large parts of our region and you have to work on Monday. So what are your rights around snow days?
Here we sum up what you can and can't do legally speak if it snows or your child's school is closed due to snow, according to government website gov.uk
Met Office weather warnings in force today
Taking paid holiday
If there's travel disruption, employers can ask staff to take paid holiday (annual leave) if they give the correct notice. This must be at least double the length of time they want employees to take in annual leave. So for 1 day's annual leave it would be 2 days notice. The employment contract may set down a different notice period and if so, this will usually apply.
Working flexibly
Employers may ask flexible workers to work from home or make up time later. Unless the employment contract says so, employers can't insist on this.
If the workplace is closed
If the workplace is closed because of disruption and the employee doesn't usually work from home, employers can't usually deduct pay. Employers might be able to ask staff to go to another workplace or work from home.
Time off to look after children
If an employee's child's school is closed or their normal childcare arrangements are disrupted, they could have the right for time off to look after them. This should be agreed between the employee and the employer.
Winter weather - travel disruption
Employees are not automatically entitled to pay if they're unable to get to work because of bad weather. Guidance is available from the Advisory, Conciliation and Arbitration Service (Acas) about winter weather - travel disruption.
RELATED: 10 key DOs and DONTs of snow driving this weekend
Global home care packaging market has witnessed gradual growth in recent years, and is expected to witness steady growth in the forecast period. Home care market is growing considerably as the number of people opting for home care services rather than medical care in hospitals is increasing day by day. Home care services are cost effective and hence mostly preferred by patients. The global market for home care products is growing, significantly, due to increasing adoption of these packages in developed economies. However, it is expected to witness an increase in demand in developing countries in near future due to the growing awareness about home care services. Growing health awareness, improving standards of living, and increase in per capita income of people are some of the reasons driving the growth of home care industry. Currently, there are a number of players engaged in the business of home care product manufacturing. Wide range of product availability and variation in prices, also fuel the market growth. Packaging innovation, and technological developments for better results, are some other factors driving the market growth.
In the recent years, home care products market has witnessed a lot of growth due to the increasing per capita income of individuals in the developing countries, and their preference to lead a healthier lifestyle. Improving standards of living, also act as a key factor for the growth of the market. Demand for home care products has been on an upward trend, especially, as the consumers, with growing health awareness, tend to avoid expensive medical care costs. To keep up with this demand, home care packaging industry has ramped up their offerings to differentiate between multiple packaging solutions, conveying useful information, without compromising on the safety standards. The packaging market for home care products is set to record high growth during the forecast period.
Global home care packaging market has been segmented based on product, material, packaging type and region. Based on product the market is segmented as dishwashing, insecticides, laundry care, toiletries, polishes, air care and others. Among these, the toiletries products, is projected to dominate the home care packaging market through 2023. The dominant position of this segment can be attributed to the rising hygiene concern among all class of people, across the globe. Based on the material the market has been segmented as plastic, paper, metal and glass. Plastic dominated the market in 2016 and is projected to be the fastest-growing material type. The wide application of plastic across all major packaging type is creating a good market for plastic as a material for global home care packaging market. Based on the packaging market, the market is segmented as bottles, cans, cartons, jars, pouches and others. Bottles segment dominated the market in 2016 and is projected to be the fastest-growing packaging type, owing to the convenience in storage, transporting and flexibility to handle all kind of home care products.
The market is expected to have a huge number of new entrants over the forecast period, owing to continuous developments in packaging industry with growing consumer preferences for high hygiene. The market is also expected to have high expansion activities by multinationals and well-established companies. Merger and acquisition activities are expected to be seen over the forecast period.
The global home care packaging market is expected to grow at ~ 8.5% CAGR during the forecast period.
MOSCOW: Google on Monday agreed to pay a nearly $8 million fine and open its Android mobiles to competing search engines in Russia in an antitrust settlement reached after two years. The deal with Russia's anti-monopoly service (FAS) came after Yandex, the country's biggest search engine, complained Google had an unfair advantage by pre-loading its search engine on Android phones. “We are pleased to announce that we have now reached a commercial agreement with Yandex and a settlement with FAS that meets the interests of all parties,” said Google in a comment emailed to Agence France-Presse. For Android devices already in use in Russia, Google will work out a way for consumers to choose a default search engine after an update via a new widget that will be developed, the watchdog said. The FAS in September 2015 considered Google in breach of a competition law after the complaint by Yandex of the competitive advantage for Google on Android phones. In August 2016, FAS fined Google 438 million rubles (over $7.8 million) which was part of the settlement reached on Monday. The arbitration court in Moscow approved the deal which lasts for six years and nine months, Russian news agencies said. Yandex Chief Executive Officer Arkady Volozh called the settlement “an important day for Russian consumers” as “millions of Russian Android users will be offered a choice of search engines.”
AFP
LETTER HOME
The night of nights approaches
From somewhere bright with day
No score is left to settle,
the games are left to play.
The lull of lemon zanies,
On fruitcake fields of gray,
Delights the doldrum downing
A screaming gleam away.
Be near and still, be silent,
There is no spell to tell,
And when you curse the tyrants,
Be sure to curse them well.
No snow on yonder mountain
Will hide the love below,
No ice upon the meadow
Will make the wonder grow.
And when the sun is waning
In another planet's sky
Be sure to send me pictures,
And teach me how to fly.
HIBISCUS
They were never meant
for the delicate rhythm of stereotypical seasons.
Temperatures that wilted roses
painted them with a radioactive blush.
Attacked by the salt-scouring wind
They merely exfoliated, a stranger to sunburn.
Nourished in rock-concert strobelight rage,
Swallowing supernovas in the intergalactic age,
they were an excess of nuclear radiation and bad soil
tie-dyed in bubblegum and lipstick
dancing along the ridge of a hurricane,
a deep-rooted nomad of the unfurling rain.
SHERWOOD SALUTATION
They told me you were dead—
My old friend, Robin Hood,
When I came to the end of the story
They told me you were dead.
But the news—
like everything else about you—
Must be greatly exaggerated, for
I ran into you yesterday.
Not quite as I remembered,
but it was
you, all the same.
Launching sporting arrows
into the warm rich world of summer afternoon sun
that divine jewel-bright workmanship of light
lending a bit of heaven's color to
our Sherwood:
verdant green splashed with
cerulean blue under twisting pillars of
smooth rough towering oaks.
You and the Merry Men
took the forest as your style
In the green of leafy shadows,
dull grey of ancient forbidden wood
calmly glowing
brown of
a smile always in your eyes
and laughter quick to follow.
Illustrations: Hannah Robinson
Rangers Football Club has called for an investigation into what it alleges is a conflict of interest between Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) chairperson Murdoch MacLennan and Celtic FC major shareholder Dermot Desmond.
Mr MacLennan was appointed chairperson of Independent News & Media (INM) in March following the departure of Leslie Buckley in the midst of a turbulent period for the media giant and an ongoing investigation by the Director of Corporate Enforcement.
Mr Desmond is Celtic's biggest shareholder, as well as INM's second largest shareholder with a 15 per cent stake. Rangers and Celtic are both based in Glasgow and are fierce football rivals.
In a statement on Rangers' website, the club's chairperson Dave King said there was “concern” that Mr MacLennan, as chairperson of the SPFL, which operates league and cup competitions in Scotland, also had business links to Celtic's major shareholder.
“The club notes with concern the latest disclosure through the media regarding a business relationship which the chairperson of the SPFL has with leading shareholders of a fellow SPFL club,” they said.
“This has given rise to allegations of non-disclosure and it is now imperative that we discover exactly the nature of the information supplied to the SPFL regarding this relationship.
“It is equally important that any conflicts of interest, or even the perception of such, whereby positions within the Scottish football authorities could be undermined, or abused, must be aggressively rooted out of our game.”
Mr Desmond has been contacted by The Irish Times for comment.
Mr King said the SPFL must “immediately suspend” Mr MacLennan pending an independent investigation by a senior QC into the allegations, and into “the extent that other parties within the SPFL may have cooperated in this alleged non-disclosure”.
‘Prima facie case'
“There is a clear prima facie case for this investigation,” they said. “The credibility of Scottish Football in the minds of supporters and sponsors is at stake and urgent action is required.
“Transparency will be key to recovering the confidence of key stakeholders in Scottish football and this cannot be achieved if ... the SPFL conduct internal investigations.
“The SPFL ... must now appoint independent investigators. Scottish football is an important national asset and must have levels of probity and governance that are beyond reproach and that are transparently so.”
In response, the SPFL said no investigation was necessary. “It's not surprising that Murdoch, having stepped down as deputy chairperson of Telegraph Media Group, should be approached by other businesses in that sector,” it said.
“The members of the SPFL board were each informed of Murdoch's appointment on January 19th, 2018, the same day it was publicly announced in a press release from Independent News & Media. That release was also circulated to the entire SPFL board that day.
“The appointment was widely reported in the national media at the time, including in the Sunday Times, Belfast Telegraph and Sunday Independent. No director raised this issue subsequently and it was not the subject of any board discussions.
“To be definitive, a non-executive position on a PLC does not constitute a business relationship between that individual and a minority shareholder in the company and therefore no investigation is warranted.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Nobody knows whether Madhuri Dixit & Sanjay Dutt were a couple or not but back in those days, rumours were rife that both of them feel hots for each other and they used to be inseperable. Unfortunately, Sanjay got dragged into legal controversies and Madhuri got married to Sriram Madhav Nene and flew to US. At that time, both have vowed to never work with each other again.
But as the saying goes 'never say never'. Now, the duo is all set to star together in a film, Kalank and reportedly, they will be seen playing a mature couple in the film. The day the official announcement was made, people went crazy as they goy hell excited to see Madhuri & Dutt together one screen.
Many fans are also wondering how did it happen? Well, we've got answers to your questions.
Sanjay Dutt Was Uncomfortable For the uninitiated, Sridevi was assigned to play the role of Madhuri Dixit. But owing to their sudden demise, Karan Johar ropped in Madhuri Dixit on board. Apparently, Madhuri was fine to pair opposite Sanjay. It was the latter who was feeling more uncomfortable in working with their alleged ex-girlfriend.
Karan Convinced Dutt An entertainment portal quoted a source as saying, "Karan Johar reminded Sanjay Dutt that whatever had happened between Dixit and Dutt was in the past, that they are now happily married and with children. Let the past bury itself."
Interesting! "Dutt apparently heard Johar out and finally relented. Kalank will show the couple in a mature relationship. Their track is being done with utmost discretion. No one will be allowed to feel uncomfortable," added the source.
Sanju Biopic: Why Raju Hirani pick these 6 characters of Sanjay Dutt? Know full story | FilmiBeat Will There Be A Chapter Of Madhuri In Sanju? Last year, the grapevine was abuzz with reports of Madhuri asking the Dutt biopic director Rajkumar Hirani to remove all references of the actor from their movie.
When Sanjay Dutt was asked to comment on the same, they told Mid-Day in an interview, "For where I am today, this [the topic of Dutt] has become redundant. Life has come a long way since then. I don't know where these reports are coming from. In any case, it doesn't make a difference to me."
On a lighter note, Kalank also casts Alia Bhatt, Varun Dhawan, Aditya Roy Kapur and Sonakshi Sinha.
In a neighborhood of Istanbul that's plastered with Arabic signs, a Syrian refugee whips up their specialty — avocado cream smoothies — at the small, colorful cafe where they work.
Majd al-Hassan has been in Turkey for two years, but has yet to learn much Turkish. They don't need to. This area is filled with fellow Syrians. He's paid in cash, under the table, and has yet to really integrate into Turkish society, they acknowledge.
"We've got Syrian supermarkets, Syrian restaurants — just like back home," says Hassan, 26. "I haven't even applied for a Turkish ID card. If peace comes to Syria, I'll go home tomorrow."
Nearby, a resident who describes themselves as one of the last Turks living on this street near Istanbul's Fatih Mosque says they no longer recognizes their neighborhood.
"Before, this area was only Turkish people, mostly. But now, here, there, everywhere, it's all Syrian people," says Tulay Suleyman, who was born here. "Some Turkish people, they don't like these [new] people. Their culture is a little bit different than ours. [They're] mostly ignorant people — homeless people, low-class."
Xenophobia has flared with the arrival of migrants in parts of Europe. That has not been as big a problem in Turkey, even though there are some 3 million Syrians here — more than in all of Europe combined.
As in Europe, many of the Syrians in Turkey are educated professionals who are under-employed, working off the books for low pay — part of Turkey's swelling black-market economy.
At first, when Syrian refugees began streaming over the Turkish border in 2011, the Turkish government granted them a special protected status — but no work permits.
Many thought the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad would fall quickly — another domino in the Arab Spring — and that Syrian refugees would be able to cross back over the border and return home swiftly.
With the Syrian war now in its seventh year, Turkey has opened a path to Syrians for official employment. But few have taken it.
One of the government's motives in trying to regularize Syrians is that Turks have been worried about having their wages undercut.
"There was a public concern that Turkish people would be unemployed because of the Syrians being employed with lower fees [wages]," says labor lawyer Mehmet Ata Sarikaripoglu. "We see what happened in Europe, and how the politics in Europe has changed after that."
Fearing a political backlash, Turkey started a program in January 2016 to increase work permits for refugees. The government also now requires companies to give Syrians the same pay and benefits as Turks. But the roll-out has been slow.
Integrating Syrians is political too. They tend to be more religious and conservative than many Turks — and they tend to support Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. He's floated the idea of offering them Turkish citizenship, but that has prompted a backlash from some opposition parties and more secular Turks.
At an Istanbul municipal office, long lines of Syrians snake across the lobby. People are registering for Turkish ID cards and health care, and signing up their children for public schools — all services they get for free as refugees.
One man yells and shakes with frustration. They say bureaucrats keep telling them to come back tomorrow. Turkey's social services are overloaded with newcomers like himself, they say.
Behind the lobby's front desk, Yahiya Osman helps Syrians register for ID cards and health care. He's a Syrian refugee himself, and has worked here for four years — even though they only got a work permit two weeks ago.
"It makes me eligible for private health insurance, a pension and worker's compensation," says Osman, 33. "You've got to think ahead. We're not sure what's going to happen in Syria. We might have to stay here in Turkey forever."
But Turkish government statistics show out of the 3 million Syrians here, fewer than 14,000 had work permits by January — a year into the program.
"It's a very exhausting procedure," says Sule Akarsu, who manages a charity that teaches Syrian refugees how to do bricklaying and other construction work.
Them work is dedicated to helping Syrian refugees. Yet even they have not applied for work permits for their Syrian staff.
"It takes nearly three months to get permission for the Syrians," they say. "It's also difficult for Turkish industry, doing all these procedures."
Only companies can apply for these permits, not employees, and they must pay monthly social security for each worker — even if it's a Syrian who doesn't plan to stay in Turkey long-term. Some employers say it's not worth the hassle and expense.
There are questions about how much Turkey's government really wants to implement this policy. It has threatened to fine companies that hire Syrians without permits. But the fines are rarely enforced.
At an Istanbul cafe, Adnan Hadad, another Syrian, says it's not just the bureaucracy that slows things down. He's dragged their feet too. When they arrived four years ago, they thought he'd be in Turkey "a couple of years," they say.
"But the Syrian war, and how it eventually evolved, made me realize I'll be here a lot longer," Hadad says.
They still dream of growing old back home in Syria. But for now, he's starting in on some Turkish paperwork.
End
-- It is the last day of the year when I write this and I wonder what you are creating for next year. Surely not more of the same old stuff. The same reactive stuff where you wait to see what happens and react to it accordingly. Surely not that!I just spent hours reading, dreaming, creating, connecting with Papa, affirming what i chose to create…Sad over what I have not yet manifested – I felt the pain of it and I chose to release it so that I do not enter next year with stale energy.And also pretty darned happy about the things I did create especially things that showed up in unexpected ways this 2016.Just like miracles!But all of the things, created and not yet created, began in my mind.Began as I wrote down my plans for my year this time last year…Yes, the way some things came about was a surprise but the thing itself, was no surprise.I wanted it and so I created it.DELIBERATELY created the thing in my mind first and then followed the intuitive nudges to see it come about in the physical.And you can do that!Yes you can!Today is a great day to take a few moments to do exactly that!Or take most of the day to do the dreaming, visioning, writing down who you choose to be and what you choose to create in the new year…And then trust that as you keep the vision clear in front of your eyes EVERY FREAKING DAY, it will come to you in unexpected ways as you follow the intuitive nudges within you.No, sometimes, you will not make it happen.Rosemary Nonny Knight ( http://rosemarynonnyknight.com
In an exclusive chat with ABP News, Kapil praised skipper Virat Kohli for setting new benchmarks in international cricket and says their decisions have changed the face of world cricket. “Virat has a got a new fuel to fire this Indian team to the top. And that fuel is fitness. They have taken fitness levels to a different level and their strictness for fitness, for themselves and forever member to get into the team, means they have given a new definition term and is forcing world over to change perception about fitness in cricket. “Cricket is always considered a skill-based game but let me tell you that skills can only be used well if you have the fitness. Every captain comes in with their own thought and what they require from their players. Virat has made it clear what they require from their team. They want the fittest players, and let me tell you that is how cricket will be played in future. Virat is changing the face of how cricket will be played in years to come.“You need to be fit to dominate in the last 50 years, fitness of player was in doubt, but now Virat has changed it all. They have made it clear that if you are not fit you cannot play for the country. Yuvraj and Raina can still big sixes but if they are not fit as per the standards which this Indian team demands, Virat has made it clear even big players are not assured of a spot. The challenge is now for Yuvraj and Raina to come up to the standards which the team demands from them.”In football, every player does not score a goal but you need several people to take the ball near the goal. Similarly in cricket every player cannot get a 100 but the 40s and 50s are equally important. In this team, we have a player who can set up a match well and also win matches single-handedly.“ If you ask me who is the backbone of this team, I will not say it is the captain but for me the Backbone of this team is MS Dhoni. The kind of experience which they have is phenomenal. Anybody can have a say on how they used to play and how they are playing now and that they have changed their game but for any player who has played 300 ODIs and has an average of 50 we do not even have the right to talk about him. If your team is number 1, it is because you have a player like Dhoni in the team.”The former Indian skipper felt that this Indian team has the potential to become No.1 across all three formats. Kapil feels it is ready to dominate the cricketing world, and isn't No.1 just like that.“If we look at our team and compare it with other teams in the world, then I can say with assurance that this team has an X factor. That this team has all ingredients to become the world no.1 team. There is no doubt in my mind with regards to that...because for the first time we have seen that the Indian team may not have the so-called big name players like Sachin, sourav, Laxman, Sehwag... still this team is winning. To become a big player like them you need to give them time... and I can say that they will all be big names in some years..some of them already are.”“ In the recent series we saw first-choice players like Rahul or Shikhar or any fast bowler or spinner, even when they are not in the eleven, the reserves come in and they win you matches. That means Indian team doesnt just have 12-15 players but 20-25 players who are all good and ready to win you games in any format. And that is the big positive,” says Kapil.
A young Banbridge eventer has told how they and their horse were left badly shaken after an inconsiderate motorist sped past them blaring the horn, causing the terrified animal to bolt.
Adam Gibson was riding their horse, Rosshaven Last Flight, along Huntly Road at around 3.30pm on Saturday (August 12) when the incident happened.
Posting the details on Facebook and asking people to share, Adam claimed the driver was “doing the guts of 60mph and blaring their horn”.
They posted: “I sincerely hope you are happy with yourself. Not only did you nearly hit both the horse and myself, you scared my horse so badly that they took off down the Huntly Road in gallop for a good half mile as I couldn't stop them no matter how hard I tried. Not only could both myself and my horse have been seriously hurt, you put other drivers and pedestrians at risk.”
They continued: “Luckily I was eventually able to pull the horse up and had to get off and walk the rest of the way home. The horse has suffered a serve nosebleed due to the fright and I too have been badly shaken up!
“I really don't get why people can't have respect for horses on the roads as it's an absolute disgrace!”
They went on to appeal to motorists to “pass equines slowly and wide”, warning that horses can be “totally unpredictable”.
Speaking to the Banbridge Leader, the 19-year-old added: “I need to use Huntly Road to get to the quieter country lanes, but unfortunately this driver just had no consideration for my safety, my horse's safety or the safety of other drivers and pedestrians. This could have been a lot worse.
“It was terrifying. It's a very long time since I have been frightened to get on a horse, but this was very traumatic for me and for the horse.
“Huntly Road has always been quite bad for speeding cars, but never to this extent where someone has deliberately tried to scare a horse.”
Adam confirmed that the horse has been looked over by a vet and is “sound” and now enjoying a few days peace and quiet in the fields.
New Delhi [India], Dec 12 (ANI-NewsVoir): For anyone who is planning on taking an international trip from India in early 2018, travel marketplace ixigo suggests, this is the right time to book flights.
Not just that, flight fares for the Christmas and New Year long weekends have also dipped considerably with one-way tickets for certain international sectors costing even lower than Rs.10,000.
Popular destinations from India with one-way airfares under Rs. 10,000 include Sri Lanka, Nepal, Singapore, Thailand, Malaysia, Dubai and Qatar. For those, who are willing to spend a little more, popular destinations with one-way fares under Rs. 20, 000 are Indonesia, Turkey, Egypt, Maldives, Philippines, Hong Kong and Seychelles.
"We strongly recommend travelers to plan their international travel for the next 2-3 months. International flight fares are at an all-time low, those plus additional offers in the market such as ixigo's Check-in to 2018 sale, which gives flyers minimum savings of Rs. 2018 on each international booking, make this the ideal time to book," said ixigo CEO and Co-Founder, Aloke Bajpai.
"We have seen a considerable spike in last minute international bookings, with 48 percent travelers preferring to book within 30 days of their date of travel. With 16 long weekends in 2018, we expect this trend to rise even further," they added. (ANI-NewsVoir)
April 5 Immunomedics Inc-
* Immunomedics reports sacituzumab govitecan (immu-132) is active in patients with metastatic small-cell lung cancer who are sensitive or resistant to first-line chemotherapy
* Immunomedics Inc - sixty percent of patients showed tumor shrinkage from baseline measurements using computed tomography in phase 2 study
* Immunomedics Inc - on an intention-to-treat basis orr was 14% median response duration was 5.7 months in study
* Immunomedics - data shows there was no statistical difference in orr, pfs or os between patients who were chemosensitive or chemoresistant to first-line chemo Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Sports Desk
Iran men's national A team defeated Indonesia in the final showdown of the AVC Beach Volleyball Tour, “2nd Satun Pak Bara Open” (M & W), in Thailand, and won the title.
On Monday, the Iranian pair of Bahman Salemi and Rahman Raoufi powered past the Indonesian pair 2-1 (22-20, 12-21, 15-12) in a close match, Tasnim News Agency reported.
In semifinals, the Iranian side had defeated top seeds Julio Donascimento and Ahmed Tijan Janko from Qatar A, 2-1 (27-29, 22-20, 15-9) in a close and critical match staged in Thailand's southern town of Satun.
Indonesia had reached the final outpowering Australia 2-0 (21-18, 21-16) In the other semifinal fixture.
On Sunday, the Iranian volleyballers defeated their Chinese counterparts 2-0 in quarterfinals. They opened the match energetically and racked up points to surge ahead. The Chinese team sought to narrow the deficit but its failure led to the Iranian side eventually grabbing the first set by 21 points to 11.
The Iranian side sustained its momentum into the second set and notched up a 21-15 victory despite intermittent fightback from the opposite side.
Contact
Jim O'Neil
***@newenglandgivecamp.org Jim O'Neil
End
-- New England GiveCamp, a 48-hour long event providing no-cost technology solutions to local charities, returns to BlueMetal's Watertown, MA, office on April 28-30th. Over the past seven New England GiveCamps, area volunteers have supported nearly 150 projects for over 100 non-profit organizations across New England.GiveCamp volunteers collaborate to help numerous, often underfunded, local agencies. These non-profits fill gaps not fully covered by larger institutions, such as helping families dealing with childhood cancer, bridging educational gaps in at-risk communities, and fostering economic growth and diversity in local businesses.BlueMetal, an Insight Company and event host, is the Diamond sponsor of the event for the third year in a row; additional fiscal and in-kind sponsorship opportunities are available for area businesses.New England GiveCamp is now accepting project applications from 501(c)3s throughout New England via a newly revamped website at: http://newenglandgivecamp.org/ . Volunteer registration for designers, technical specialists, and support staff will open March 20, 2017.
March 30 Genpact Ltd
* Genpact Limited announces $200 million accelerated share repurchase
* Under terms of ASR, Genpact has agreed to repurchase $200 million of its common shares from Morgan Stanley & Co. Llc, in total
* Genpact Ltd - Genpact expects to fund asr through cash on balance sheet, operating cash flows and net proceeds from recent offering by unit
* Genpact - on March 30, to pay to dealer $200 million in exchange for initial delivery of 6.6 million co's common shares based on current market prices of shares
* ASR was entered into pursuant to Genpact's existing share repurchase program
* Genpact Ltd - ASR was entered into pursuant to Genpact's existing share repurchase program Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON, April 28 Barclays reported its first quarter profit more than doubled on Friday, driven by lower losses in its non-core unit even as the British bank booked a one-off charge on its Africa business.
Barclays said its profit before tax was 1.7 billion pounds ($2.19 billion), up from 793 million pounds a year ago and better than the 1.46 billion pounds average estimate of analysts' forecasts compiled by the bank.
Barclays said it would take a one-off goodwill impairment charge of 884 million pounds on its stake in Barclays Africa Group, which it has given itself 2-3 years to sell. ($1 = 0.7750 pounds) (Reporting by Anjuli Davies; Editing by Rachel Armstrong)
Man who poured boiling water over Hastings co-worker's head for taking a slice of sausage deported
The incident, that was caught on camera, took place in the lunchroom of a Turners and Growers pack house in Whakatu, near Hastings, in July 2015.
Turkey on Wednesday issued a decree that transfers some powers to the president, as the country moves to an executive presidential system following President Tayyip Erdoğan's win in last month's presidential and parliamentary elections.
The decree, issued in the government's official gazette, makes changes to laws dating from 1924 to 2017, removes references to the prime minister — whose office has been abolished and replaces them with "president."
Read more: The impact of Turkey's election: Erdoğan's sweeping new powers
The changes mean the president can
form and regulate ministries and remove civil servants without parliamentary approval
appoint four members of the Board of Judges and Prosecutors (HSK), the parliament can appoint seven
draft the budget and decide on security policies
declare a state of emergency for up to six months (such as the one that has been in effect for roughly two years) without cabinet approval
dissolve parliament, but this would trigger early presidential elections
Read more: Could Turkey's opposition reset ties with the EU?
Watch video 07:01 Now live 07:01 mins. Share The Day – More Power to the President Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/30HKq The Day – more power to the president
When the changes will come into effect: The changes in the latest decree will take effect when Erdoğan takes the oath of office, which is expected to happen in parliament on July 8 or 9.
The new presidential system: In a constitutional referendum in April 2017, a slim majority of Turkish voters approved the presidential system. The constitutional change allowed the winner of the 2018 presidential election to assume full control of the government.
Read more: Opinion: Recep Tayyip Erdoğan wins, democracy loses
Term limits: The president is limited to two five-year presidential terms, but if the parliament calls early elections during the second term the president may run for a third term.
Erdoğan's rise to power: Erdoğan served as prime minister of Turkey, formerly the country's most powerful post, from 2003 until 2014. Plans to alter the system to place Turkey's meaningful political power in their new role were already in motion before their job swap in 2014; before the April 2017 referendum, the presidential role was largely ceremonial. Erdoğan was reelected president in snap presidential elections in June 2018, having called them more than a year ahead of schedule. That was the final hurdle to implementing their desired reforms, opposition candidates had pledged to repeal some or all of them if they had won.
Who is Turkey's Recep Tayyip Erdoğan? The rise of Turkey's Erdoğan In Turkey and abroad, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has a polarizing effect. They have been described as a neo-Ottoman "sultan" as well as an authoritarian leader. From their early beginnings campaigning for Islamist causes to leading NATO's second largest military as the president of Turkey, DW explores the rise of the Turkish leader.
Who is Turkey's Recep Tayyip Erdoğan? Jailed mayor of Istanbul After years of moving up the ranks of the Islamist-rooted Welfare Party, Erdoğan was elected mayor of Istanbul in 1994. But four years later, the party was ruled unconstitutional on the grounds it threatened Turkey's secularist nature, and was disbanded. They were later jailed for four months for a controversial public reading of a poem, and consequently lost their mayorship over the conviction.
Who is Turkey's Recep Tayyip Erdoğan? Leading the republic Erdoğan co-founded the Justice and Development Party (AKP), which won a majority of seats in 2002. They were made prime minister in 2003. During their first years in office, Erdoğan worked on providing social services, improving the economy and implementing democratic reforms. But some have argued that their premiership was also marked by a religious shift in the political sphere.
Who is Turkey's Recep Tayyip Erdoğan? Islamist causes While Turkey's constitution guarantees the country's secular nature, observers believe Erdoğan has managed to purge the "old secularist guard." The Turkish leader has said that one of their goals is to raise a "pious generation." Erdoğan's supporters have hailed the Turkish leader's initiatives, arguing that they've reversed years of discrimination against practicing Muslims.
Who is Turkey's Recep Tayyip Erdoğan? Surviving a coup In July 2016, a failed military coup targeting Erdoğan and their government left more than 200 people dead, including civilians and soldiers. In the wake of the coup attempt, Erdoğan declared a state of emergency and vowed to "clean up" the military. "In Turkey, armed forces are not governing the state or leading the state. They cannot," they said.
Who is Turkey's Recep Tayyip Erdoğan? Nationwide crackdown Since the failed coup, authorities have launched a nationwide crackdown, arresting more than 50,000 people in the armed forces, police, judiciary, schools and media. Erdoğan has blamed Fethullah Gulen, a self-exiled cleric in the US and former ally, and their supporters of trying to undermine the government. But rights groups believe the allegations are a means to solidify their power and influence.
Who is Turkey's Recep Tayyip Erdoğan? Divisive politician While Erdoğan enjoys significant support in Turkey and the Turkish expatriate community, they have been criticized for their heavy-handed policies and military campaigns against Kurdish militants following the collapse of a peace process in 2015. This January, Erdoğan launched a deadly offensive into the northern Syrian enclave of Afrin, an operation that was widely condemned by human rights groups.
Who is Turkey's Recep Tayyip Erdoğan? A new era? Having served as Turkey's president since 2014, Erdoğan successfully extended their time in office after winning elections in June. The elections marked Turkey's transition to an executive-style presidency. Observers believe the elections will herald a new era for Turkey – for better or worse. Author: Lewis Sanders IV
law/msh (AP, Reuters)
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Wheat Starch Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Manildra, Tereos, Roquette, Cargill, MGP Ingredients, ADM, ADM, Crespel & Deiters, Sedamyl, Kroener Staerke, Molinos Juan Semino, Shandong Qufeng, Anhui Ruifuxiang, Zhangjiagang Hengfeng.
The Wheat Starch Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Wheat Starch industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-wheat-starch-market/10151/#requestforsample
The Wheat Starch Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist business people in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Wheat Starch Market Products Type Segmentation : Industrial Grade, Food Grade.
Wheat Starch Market Applications Segmentation : Papermaking Application, Textile Application, Petroleum Application, Food Application, Others.
Key Highlights of the Wheat Starch Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-wheat-starch-market/10151/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Wheat Starch market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
For anyone who missed their show earlier in the year, tickets are available to see Rob Brydon at Northampton's Royal & Derngate on November 23.
Performing the same show as the one on March entitled I am Standing Up, it marks their first time doing stand up since 2009 when they did a sell out national tour and West End run.
Rob Brydon is perhaps best known for the television shows Gavin And Stacey, Would I Lie To You? and The Trip.
But these are not the only teelvision credits as they appeared on the comedy shows Marion And Geoff, Human Remains, Little Britain, The Rob Brydon Show, Best Of Men. They have also been a panelist on the comedy general knowledge show Q.I as well as appearing in Gangster Granny adapted from the David Walliams book.
Their film work includes The Huntsman: Winter's War, Cinderella and Lock, Stock And Two Smoking Barrels.
Earlier this year in London's West End they starred opposite Sir Kenneth Branagh in The Painkiller. Their other theatre credits include Future Conditional at The Old Vic and A Chorus of Disapproval at The Harold Pinter Theatre.
Tickets are likely to sell fast so people are advised to book soon to avoid disappointment. The show starts at 8pm. Tickets cost £28.50 excluding fees.
For more details visit www.royalandderngate.co.uk
Today's Lost 30 …
Wisdom teeth pulled with no insurance, the Aladdin giveaway, Sarah's yard, and where to go for vacation!
Click Here to download. (Right click on PC, Control key and click on Mac.)
RSS Subscription – iTunes Subscription – Play.it
The following applications were received by Harrogate Borough Council's planning department, week ending September 22.
Harrogate
Removal of existing single stone pillar and erection of two stone posts and cast iron gate. Low stone upstand wall and reclaimed cast iron railings and new mild steel railings at Valley Gardens, Valley Drive, Harrogate for D Mason.
Erection of a single-storey extension. Demolition of steps. Alteration to fenestration at 88 Duchy Road, Harrogate for Mr and Mrs Blackett.
Approval of details required under partial discharge of condition 4 (roof tiles) of permission 17/02423/FUL - Erection of single and two storey extensions, replacement roof and retaining wall, alterations to fenestration, partial conversion of garage to form utility, rendering of walls, formation of hardstanding and parking and raised lawn at 8 Dale Bank, Harrogate for R Whitfield.
Erection of 12 apartments, walls and gates, conversion and extension of potting shed to form bin and bike store, formation of associated access, landscaping, hardstanding, undercroft car parking, installation of ramp and tree works to various trees including felling works within group G1 and G2 of Tree Preservation Order R48/2015 (Revised scheme) at Old Swan Hotel, Swan Road, Harrogate for S Hepden.
Change of use of retail unit (use class - A1) to restaurant (use class - A3) at 46 Kings Road, Harrogate for J Mossman.
Approval of details required under condition 9 (noise reduction) of planning permission 17/01513/FUL - Change of use from Class A1/A3 (mixed retail/cafe) to Class A3 (restaurant) with erection of outdoor terrace to rear of the building; associated front and rear external alterations and replacement of plant and extraction equipment at 7-9 Parliament Street, Harrogate for c/o agent.
Approval of details required under conditions 8 (wall and roof materials), 9 (external panels), 22 (woodland management plan), 29 (BREEAM) of permission 14/04985/RG3MAJ -
Demolition of office buildings and erection of new offices with associated car parking and landscaping and removal of trees in the Harrogate conservation area at site of Knapping Mount, West Grove Road, Harrogate for N Avison.
Erection of first floor extension at 2 Firs Gate, Harrogate for Mr and Mrs Richardson.
Erection of two storey extension. Formation of four dormer windows. Alterations to fenestration at 18 Beechwood Grove, Harrogate for Mr Brown.
Discharge of conditions 5 (construction access), 7 (visibility splays), 11 (highways improvement scheme), 12 (works to highway) and 13 (construction method statement) with part discharge of conditions 27 (surface water drainage scheme), 28 (surface outfall details), 38 (foul and surface water scheme) and 39 (disposal of foul water) of planning permission 14/02737/EIAMAJ - Outline application for erection of 600 dwellings, primary school, community/retail facilities and open space with access considered (site area 27.8ha) (resubmission) at land at grid reference 427444 455651, Penny Pot Lane, Killinghall for Mr Uttley.
Erection of single storey extension. Alteration to fenestration. Conversion of garage at 12 Stonecrop Avenue, Killinghall for Mr and Mrs Bell.
Demolition of garage and conservatory and erection of two storey side extension and single storey rear extension at 4 Wheatlands Way, Harrogate for S McCulloch.
Erection of two storey extension, installation of dormer windows and rooflights, roof alterations to form pitched roof, new front gable with tudor panelling, alterations to fenestration and demolition of conservatory (revised scheme) at 22 St Georges Road, Harrogate for Mr and Mrs Graham.
Demolition of detached garage and erection of detached outbuilding at Flat 1 Tewit Croft, Stray Road, Harrogate for Mr and Mrs Leslie.
Application for non-material amendment to allow alteration of proposed garage cladding of application 17/00923/FUL - Installation of a ground source heat pump system, erection of garage and alterations to existing access and formation of new access with associated landscaping at Pott Bridge Farm, Beckwithshaw for D Bailey.
Felling of a willow tree and lateral reduction (to give 1m clearance of summer house) of a beech tree within Harrogate Conservation Area at 10 Leeds Road, Harrogate for Mr Mistry.
Crown reduction of by 5m of a lime tree, 2m of a cherry plum tree and 3m of a sycamore tree within the Harrogate Conservation Area at 37A Kent Road, Harrogate for J Eastwood.
Crown reduction (by 2m) of a eucalyptus tree and crown reduction (by 0.5m - 1m) of two willow trees, two Malus trees and a cherry tree within Harrogate Conservation Area at 28 Rutland Drive, Harrogate for Mr Bird.
Crown thinning (by 10 per cent) and crown lift (by 3m) of a beech tree within area A1 of Tree Preservation Order 06/1981 at 37 Harlow Manor Park, Harrogate for R Banks.
Felling of an ash tree (T1) to rear of property within Harrogate Conservation Area at Trelowen, 52 Cornwall Road, Harrogate for Mr Parker.
Felling of a laburnum (T1). crown reduction (from 8m to 4.5m) of a purple leaf plum (T2). Crown lift (to 4.5m) of 1 silver birch (T3). crown lift (to 4.5m) of a lime (T4) in Harrogate Conservation Area at 25 York Road, Harrogate for Mrs Le Bek.
Felling of three conifer trees (G1) in Harrogate Conservation Area at 26 York Road, Harrogate for C Powel.
Crown reduction (by 1m) of a beech tree (T1) within the Harrogate Conservation Area at 16 Kingsway Drive, Harrogate for Mrs McKenzie.
Crown thinning (by five per cent) of a beech tree (T1) of Tree Preservation Order 10/2002 at Park House, Regent Parade, Harrogate for Mr and Mrs Pearson.
Knaresborough
Erection of a garden boundary wall at 48A Boroughbridge Road, Knaresborough for R Kirk.
Application for approval of details required under condition 4 (Tree Preservation Plan) of permission 17/00756/FUL - Demolition of utility room, erection of single and two storey extensions, integral garage and pottery studio (for domestic purposes), dormer window, roof light, bay window, Juliette balcony and alterations to fenestration (revised scheme) at Moat Cottage, Midgeley Lane, Goldsborough for Mr and Mrs Oldroyd.
Lateral reduction (by 2 m) and crown lift (to 3-3.5m) of an oak tree T1 of Tree Preservation Order 23/2003 at 17 Birkdale Avenue, Knaresborough for Mr Huxtable.
Felling of five Elm trees, eight Sycamore trees and four Ash trees within 01/1959 at Chapel Of Our Lady Of The Crag, Abbey Road, Knaresborough for Mrs Clarke.
Nidderdale
Formation of dropped kerb crossing and hardstanding at Glenallen, Hollins Lane, Hampsthwaite for Mr and Mrs Nobile.
Erection of single storey extension at Dolly House, Darley Carr, Darley for N Sykes.
Notification for prior approval for change of use of agricultural building to 1 dwelling at Hill Top Farm, School Lane, Dacre Banks for Mr and Mrs Proctor.
Ripon
Application for non-material amendment to allow alterations to dormer window and provision of conservation rooflight to planning permission 16/05567/REM - Erection of a dwelling at Furtherdown South Crescent, Ripon for Mr and Mrs Appleton-Metcalfe.
Erection of a single and a two storey extension, and alterations to fenestration at Riverdene, Fishergreen, Ripon for Mr and Mrs Gallagher.
Prior notification for change of use from agricultural building to two residential dwellings at The Beeches, Magdalens Road, Ripon for S Newby.
Erection of single storey attached store and installation of fence and gates at Army Cadet Force, Clotherholme Road, Ripon for RFCA.
Application for approval of details required under conditions 5 (drainage), 8 (flood risk), 11 (pre construction environmental management plan), 12 (landscape and ecology), 13 (geoenvironmental appraisal), 17 and 18 (highways), 23 (travel plan), 24 and 25 (arboricultural report), 27 and 28 (landscaping) of permission 14/04315/FULMAJ - Demolition of buildings and erection of 84 dwellings with garaging, conversion of barn to form a dwelling and formation of new vehicle accesses and associated landscaping. (site area 4.4ha) at site of Riverside Sawmills, Valuation Lane, Boroughbridge for Linden Homes.
Non-material amendment to allow alterations to park space materials to planning permission 16/05622/RG3 - Demolition of existing buildings and erection of 18 dwellings (site area 0.68 ha) (revised scheme) at 13 St Johns Way, Bishop Monkton for G Brookfield.
Demolition of existing garage and erection of single storey extension, alterations to fenestration and installation of roof lights at Lynstones, Nutwith Lane, Grewelthorpe for Mr and Mrs Baker.
Erection of one dwelling, detached garage; Demolition of part of boundary wall to form access at 42 Park Street, Masham for c/o agent.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Market Highlights:
Global Airport IT Systems Market Research Report – Forecast to 2023 – Market Analysis, Scope, Stake, Progress, Trends and Forecast to 2023.
The Global Airport IT Systems Market is growing with the rapid pace; mainly due to the increased Air Traffic attributed to the increased Air Travel rate and concerns for passenger safety. According to a recent study report published by the Market Research Future, The global Airport IT Systems Market is booming and expected to gain prominence over the forecast period. The Market is forecasted to demonstrate a huge growth by 2023, surpassing its previous growth records in terms of value with a whooping CAGR during the anticipated period (2016 – 2023).
One of the primary factors driving the global Airport IT Systems Market is the increasing demand for real time information in airports. Increasing passenger traffic across the globe combined with the need for risk management through airport IT systems, is expected to induce significant demand in the global market. With airport authorities seeking new ways to achieve operational efficiency and enhance passenger/customer experience, the airport IT systems market is expected to register a soaring growth rate, during the forecast period. Additionally, increasing concerns for passenger safety mainly due to rapidly increasing terrorist activities beckons the need for advanced airport IT systems across the globe.
Recent incident (Thu, Sep 28, 2017) GLOBAL AIRPORT MELTDOWN where CHECK-IN computer systems at airports around the globe had crashed defines the necessity & importance of an efficient Airport IT Systems. A wave of havoc broke as airports including Gatwick, Washington DC, Paris Charles De Gaulle, Frankfurt and Sydney were affected hitting numerous airlines as the Airport IT System Crashed
Passengers were unable to check in for their flights with airlines such as British Airways, Air France, Qantas and Lufthansa. Since the system was down at REAGAN airport in DC & Tambo International in Gauteng, South Africa, passengers feared of delayed departures causing the chaos getting intensified further. Passengers struggle to check-in due to systems failure and it is said that it was a ‘Glitch' with software used by 125 airlines around the world. Problems also appear to affect some online check-ins. The Software firm confirmed ‘network issue causing disruption'.
As airport information systems extend across multiple service providers, real-time coordination and collaboration are critical. Implementing multiple point systems designed to meet specific work areas can increase complexity while decreasing airport's ability to coordinate and respond to real-time events. Airports need a solution that can not only meet point requirements but that can also provide a sustainable basis for continuous operational improvements, reduce costs, add new capacity and meet compliance demands.
Airport IT Systems solutions, combined with the systems integration capability, can help establish a strong foundation of operational flexibility, no disruptive capacity growth and a unique ability to optimize costs. Airport operations systems, including airport operational database, revenue management, flight information display, baggage management, cargo management and common-use check-in systems, Airport-specific enterprise resource planning systems for aviation billing systems, Security systems, such as video surveillance, Passenger-experience solutions, including common-use kiosks and information kiosks and a mobile enablement platform, Infrastructure for data, voice and wireless solutions, Customized enterprise service bus for airports, Business analytics and optimization and asset management.
Airport IT Systems Global Market – Key Players
RESA Airport Data Systems (France), Amadeus IT Group SA (Spain), Rockwell Collins (US), INFORM GmbH (Germany), and Siemens AG (Germany). Other companies that are operating in this market are IBM (US), Ultra Electronics Holdings (UK), Northrop Grumman Corporation (US), SITA (Geneva), Thales Group (France) and IKUSI (Spain) are some of the prominent players profiled in MRFR Analysis and are at the forefront of competition in the Global Airport IT Systems Market.
The Market of Airport IT Systems appears to be highly competitive owing to the presence of numerous well-established players having international and global presence. Innovation, mergers & acquisitions, and brand reinforcement remain the key trends for the leading players. These key players compete based upon pricing, reputation and services. Vendors strive to develop the Airport Operations Management Systems solution that delivers a suite of application offerings to help address the information system needs of airports. Using time-tested methodologies and best practices, key players try to bring together disparate point systems from multiple providers into a security-rich, integrated environment that addresses resource planning, passenger experience and asset management.
For further information on this report, visit @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/airport-it-systems-market-3858
The North America region dominated the Airport IT System Market in 2016 owing to the rapidly improving safety standards and increasing air traffic. Increasing investments in technological developments, in order to enhance the airport efficiency, have significantly contributed towards the growth of the airport IT systems market in the region. Europe is expected to be the second largest market with authorities extensively investing in enhancing their airport security by installing intelligent security systems to eliminate security threats.
U.S. Federal Reserve Board chair Janet Yellen testifies before a Congressional Joint Economic hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., November 17, 2016. REUTERS/Gary Cameron
The Federal Reserve headquarters in Washington September 16 2015. The Federal Reserve, facing this week its biggest policy decision yet under Chair Janet Yellen, puts its credibility on the line regardless of whether it waits or raises interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
WASHINGTON The U.S. Federal Reserve kept interest rates unchanged on Wednesday and downplayed weak first-quarter economic growth while emphasizing the strength of the labour market, in a sign it was still on track for two more rate rises this year.
In a bullish statement following the end of a two-day policy meeting, the central bank also said consumer spending continued to be solid, business investment had firmed and inflation has been "running close" to the Fed's target.
"The committee views the slowing in growth during the first quarter as likely to be transitory," the Fed said in a unanimous statement.
The labour market continued to strengthen even as growth in economic activity slowed and "the fundamentals underpinning the continued growth of consumption remained solid," policymakers added.
The Fed raised its benchmark rate by a quarter percentage point at its last meeting in March to a target range of 0.75 percent to 1 percent.
Before this week's meeting most Fed policymakers had made it clear that in contrast to previous years the central bank feels more confident in its forecast of two more rate increases in 2017.
Wednesday's affirmation from the Fed that it was optimistic on economic growth and that its rate rise plans remained intact bolstered the dollar against the euro and yen and pushed Treasury yields slightly higher.
"They went out of their way to emphasize this is not something they see persisting and pretty much says to me that their two rate hikes are still on the table for the balance of the year," said Heidi Learner, chief economist at Savills Studley.
NORMALIZING RATES
The Fed is in its first tightening cycle in more than a decade after it spent years keeping rates near zero to nurse the economy back to health following the 2007-2009 recession.
Policymakers have been buoyed by recent economic data that showed a surge in business investment and the fastest wage growth in a decade. The unemployment rate also fell in March to near a 10-year low.
However, some officials had also said they wanted more data in hand before taking additional steps to normalize rates. Gross domestic product grew at a sluggish 0.7 percent annual pace in the first quarter as consumer spending almost stalled. Job growth also slowed sharply in March.
Economists have largely attributed the weak first-quarter GDP reading to recurring issues with the calculation of growth during the January-March period and linked the pullback in hiring to weather.
Policymakers are awaiting clarity on the size and scope of the tax cuts, infrastructure spending and regulatory changes that the Trump administration will be able to push through Congress. A stimulus package could speed up the pace of rate hikes.
Inflation had been edging higher, but the so-called core PCE price index increased 1.6 percent in the 12 months through March, the smallest gain since last July. Core PCE is the Fed's preferred inflation measure and is below its target.
The Fed in its statement showed little concern about a softening in inflation, characterizing it as "running close to the committee's 2 percent longer-run objective."
The rate-setting committee is also gearing up to announce sometime this year when and how the Fed will begin shrinking its $4.5 trillion balance sheet. Wednesday's statement offered no new details.
Fed officials will hold their next policy meeting on June 13-14.
(Reporting by Lindsay Dunsmuir and Jason Lange; Additional reporting by Herb Lash and Karen Brettell in New York; Editing by Paul Simao and David Chance)
From the section
Millwall defender Jake Cooper (right) has recovered from an ankle injury
Defender Jake Cooper could return to the Millwall line-up against Ipswich Town on Tuesday.
Midfielder Ryan Tunnicliffe may also feature for the Lions against their former club at The Den.
Ipswich is without defenders Adam Webster (ankle) and Tommy Smith (back), while Freddie Sears and Flynn Downes (both foot) are also doubts.
With midfielder Kevin Bru granted permission to leave, Adam McDonnell comes into Mick McCarthy's squad.
Match facts
End
-- The Monterey Symphony, under the direction of Max Bragado-Darman presents the third concert of the 71Season "Shakespeare in Music." Featuring Russian violinist Sergej Krylov in Jean Sibelius' luscious violin concerto in D Minor. Krylov has performed with the Vienna Symphony Orchestra, the English Chamber Orchestra, the Symphony Orchestra of Saint Petersburg Philharmonic, the Mariinsky Theatre Symphony Orchestra, the Russian National Orchestra, Camerata Salzburg, the Chamber Orchestra "Moscow Soloists", the Dresden Staatskapelle Symphony Orchestra, the State symphony orchestra "Novaya Rossiya", the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra, the Tokyo Symphony Orchestra, the Beijing Symphony Orchestra, Hessischer Rundfunk, the Deutsche Radio Philharmonic, the Giuseppe Verdi Orchestra in Milan, Filarmonica Toscanini, the Hamburg State Philharmonic Orchestra, and the Copenhagen Philharmonic Orchestra.Since 2008 Sergej Krylov has combined their solo career with the work of a conductor.  They are the Chief Conductor of the Lithuanian Chamber Orchestra. As a conductor they have collaborated with such orchestras as the English Chamber Orchestra, the symphony orchestra Regionale Toscana, the chamber orchestra Accademia Orchestra Mozart, the symphony orchestra "Magna Grecia", the Orchestra del Teatro Lirico di Cagliari, the Novosibirsk Academic symphony orchestra and others. Since 2012 they have been a Professor of the University of Music and Arts in Lugano, Switzerland.Works on this program include Ludwig van Beethoven'sand Symphony No. 3 by Johannes Brahms. Pre-concert lectures will be provided by Dr. Todd Samra. Additionally, a pre-concert soiree "Symphony of Flavors" will be held on Saturday, February 18at 6:30 PM on the Upper Terrace at the Sunset Terrace with wine from Joulian and food pairings from local Carmel eateries.Sherwood Hall in Salinas at 7:30 PMSunset Center in Carmel at 8:00 PMSunset Center in Carmel at 3:00 PM831-646-8511*Please visit website for ticket prices.*
When Saints worked their socks off to qualify for the Champions Cup towards the end of last season, they had hope.
Hope that this European campaign wouldn't go the way of previous ones, when they were forced to ensure sizeable defeats on the biggest stage.
Luther Burrell returned for Saints at centre on Saturday evening
Hope that this would be the year they would be able to mix it with the big boys again.
Hope that they wouldn't be left reeling at the end of the pool stage, as they were back in January.
And hope that Europe would be a welcome accompaniment to a successful league season.
But how quickly that hope has been extinguished.
Piers Francis was forced off after just eight minutes
And how Saints must now be wishing that they hadn't made it into the competition this season.
Because after a run of four successive Aviva Premierships wins at the end of September and a narrow defeat at Gloucester in early October, Europe arrived like a jackhammer hit.
Saints were smashed 57-13 by Saracens and then saw a profligate performance at Clermont Auvergne punished in the form of a 24-7 defeat.
Those were sizeable blows that crushed the confidence that had been built up during the first month of the campaign.
Harry Mallinder was Saints' best back and they scored a superb try before being sin-binned
Saints shipped eight tries against Saracens, four against Clermont Auvergne and, on Saturday evening, six to an injury-ravaged Ospreys outfit.
The defence performance against the Welsh side, who had won just two of their previous 13 matches and not been victorious on the road in Europe's top tier tournament since 2009, was
probably the worst of the lot.
It felt that every attack ended in celebration for the away side and despair for their hosts.
Saints suffered a ninth defeat in their past 10 matches
It was like watching a punch-drunk boxer staggering around the ring, leaving their guard down at every turn.
And, sadly for Saints, it was merely the continuation of a theme, in that they simply didn't do enough when and where it mattered.
Their belief has been battered by recent defeats and they have now suffered an eye-watering nine in their past 10 matches.
There is little confidence being displayed by the team in key moments and that is mirrored by the supporters, with the stands sparsely-populated on Saturday evening.
It was the worst attendance for a first-team game for many a year and the abundance of empty seats told the tale.
Some fans could not bare to brave the cold or call off other commitments to watch another home defeat.
Some have reached the end of their tether with a team which is punching well below its weight.
And some will not return until major changes are made at Franklin's Gardens.
It is a sad tale and one which hurts everyone of a Northampton persuasion, from the top to the bottom of the club.
Professional players, who pride themselves on winning and striving to be the best, and the coaches, who are expected to drive the standards, are hurting more than anyone.
But unlike everyone else, they have the power to change it, and they have simply not been able to.
The relationship between coaches and players has to be symbiotic, but it does not seem to be.
Jim Mallinder spoke after the game about how they believe in their game plan but it is not being implemented.
"We can get the messages across but the team have got to do it," Mallinder said.
And that is worrying.
The ability of the coaches to get the players to perform, or the players to implement their coaches' ideas, has broken down.
And it has meant that Saints have started to sleepwalk into the worst times since Mallinder took charge in 2007.
There was some fight late on against Ospreys, with Saints scoring five times during a frantic second period.
But it was very much a case of closing the stable door after the horse had bolted.
As experienced campaigner Christian Day said: "It is very easy to throw the ball around when you've got nothing to lose, but we're not going to focus on 20 minutes of throwing the ball around, we need to focus on the first 60 minutes and what we did wrong."
It will be yet another video nasty in a season that is turning into a horror movie on loop.
And you are left to wonder where the next win is coming from.
Saints would have expected to get at least a couple of victories - not points - from home games against Newcastle and Ospreys and away matches against Worcester and Sale.
But they couldn't manage it, and now they face a Swansea fixture against a fired-up Ospreys, who fully believe they can make the quarter-finals.
Games against champions Exeter and free-flowing Harlequins will follow before the conclusion of the year.
And unless Saints find some quick solutions - something Mallinder admits they haven't been able to do of late - then they are in real trouble.
No one likes to see such a great club suffer in the manner Saints have recently, especially those who care so deeply about events at the Gardens.
And gut-wrenchingly, the events of Saturday evening signalled that there appears to be no prospect of that suffering ending any time soon.
How they rated...
HARRY MALLINDER
Was forced to switch to fly-half early in the game and although their kicking from hand wasn't the best, their interplay was impressive and their try was the best moment in the match... 5
AHSEE TUALA
Like Mallinder, they had a big say towards the end of the game, scoring once and helping to set up a try with a tidy offload... 5
ROB HORNE
Made some big hits early on and also managed to write their name on the scoresheet during the second half... 5
LUTHER BURRELL
No shortage of physicality from the centre, who made a couple of big hits, but they didn't have much front football to work with... 4
BEN FODEN
Wasn't able to have much of an impact in an attacking sense and Ospreys got a numerical advantage out wide to make Saints pay on a couple of occasions... 4
PIERS FRANCIS
Was forced off very early on due to concussion and consequently had no chance to impact the game
NIC GROOM
The scrum-half showed some real drive and determination to score their try, but it was too little, too late... 5
FRANCOIS VAN WYK
Came in for the injured Alex Waller and was not able to have a say in the game as Ospreys turned up the heat... 3
DYLAN HARTLEY
The skipper scored a second try in as many home matches, but they couldn't lead their team to victory... 5
JAMAL FORD-ROBINSON
Has been given a run in the tighthead role and they always provide some energy in that position but this was a tough day... 3
DAVID RIBBANS
Was making a long-awaited return from injury and though they did a couple of good things during the first half, they couldn't use their physicality to overpower Ospreys... 3
CHRISTIAN DAY
Admitted they missed a tackle that led to a try and this wasn't an easy return from injury for a man who usually has such a big impact for Saints... 3
COURTNEY LAWES
Topped the carry count as usual, but couldn't help their team bounce back on this occasion... 5
LEWIS LUDLAM
The flanker is undoubtedly a huge prospect, but this wasn't an easy day for them and their team-mates... 3
TEIMANA HARRISON
Always gives everything they have got and they made more tackles than any other Saints player as well as the joint second most carries... 5
Replacements (who played more than 20 minutes)
JP ESTELLES (for Myler 19)
Certainly tried to get involved making the joint second most carries and the most metres for Saints, but they aren't able to get on the scoresheet... 5
CAMPESE MA'AFU (for van Wyk 53)
Came on to try to help Saints get some extra force into their pack and didn't do too bad a job... 6
MICHAEL PATERSON (for Ribbans 53)
Always a steadying influence in the side and they came on at a time when Saints just started to fight back... 6
JAMIE GIBSON (for Day 57)
Put themselves about, bringing welcome energy to the team and helping them to score four more tries before the end... 6
CHRON STAR MAN - Dan Evans (Ospreys)
West Brunswick players get back on defense against South Brunswick on February 14, 2017. (Photo: John Rendleman/WWAY)
SUPPLY, NC (WWAY) — In boys basketball New Hanover, Hoggard and South Brunswick all recorded wins on Tuesday in the first round of the Farm Bureau Insurance Mideastern Conference Tournament. New Hanover rolled over Laney 73-44. New Hanover hasn't lost to Laney in boys basketball since 2003. Hoggard rolled over Topsail 77-40. In a bit of an upset South Brunswick edged West Brunswick 47-44. Check out our game action from Tuesday night from the campus of Brunswick Community College. We also showcased North Brunswick's win over Dixon.
Tuesday's High School Scoreboard
First of two parts
Beijing is only holding off its plans to build over the disputed Scarborough Shoal in order to squeeze out everything from the Duterte administration and move to the “next step,” according to a maritime expert.
Gregory Poling, director of the Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative and Southeast Asia program fellow of the Center for Strategic and International Studies, made the statement on Friday as they pointed out that China has been building structures over disputed waters in the South China Sea (West Philippine Sea).
Poling backed a statement made by Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana last year that they were expecting China to eventually build “something” over Scarborough Shoal.
“It's a matter of when, not if, and it's a matter of what they built. So maybe, they don't build another giant island [which]was easy to start in late 2013 when nobody was watching,” they said in an interview at Camp Aguinaldo in Quezon City.
“I promise that everybody won't be publishing photos of Chinese [dredgers]tomorrow if [it]started today, so maybe, it's a small facility,” Poling added.
Their statements came days after the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) patrolled Scarborough Shoal where it monitored more Chinese vessels including fishing and Coast Guard ships surrounding the territory.
For him, there was also a “political decision” that China feels that it is winning the dispute with other claimants to the waters 124 nautical miles off Masinloc, Zambales.
“If China feels right now that it is winning, why provoke crisis with the Duterte administration? You know, day by day the Chinese are allowed to strengthen their military control over the South China Sea and the Philippines does nothing in response,” Poling explained.
‘Next phase'
They said Manila might be “forced” to take action once Beijing spoiled its authority over the territorial waters.
“If they overplay their hand at Scarborough Shoal, Malacañang might be forced to respond and I think they will hold off to build in Scarborough Shoal until they [China] feel like they have extracted as much as they can from the Duterte government,” Poling added.
“Then, they will move on to the next phase,” they said.
The maritime expert visited the Philippines as part of the US State Department-sponsored multi-country speaker program that includes two days in the country.
Another point Poling raised is that the claimant nations must take the first necessary steps to come up with a “clear-eyed” policy recognizing the worthiness of pursuing the Code of Conduct (CoC) drafted during last year's Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) Summit, which was hosted by the Philippines.
In August 2017, China and Southeast Asian foreign ministers adopted a negotiating framework for a Code of Conduct in the disputed South China Sea that was hailed by the Asean foreign affairs leaders.
President Rodrigo Duterte mentioned during the Asean Leaders' Summit last year that China “graciously agreed” to bind itself to the drafted agreement by the foreign ministers.
But for Poling, it was obvious that China was not willing to bind itself to the code, citing the establishment of several human-made islands in the disputed waters.
“The evidence of the last 18 months or so does not support the idea that China is willing to negotiate the binding of the Code of Conduct that brought all parties,” they said.
“This is not to say that the [CoC] talks are a waste of time, that we should not be reaching out to China automatically, simply, we should be doing this with open eyes and recognize that the Chinese built thousands of square meters of military facilities over the course of 2017,” Poling added.
‘Coercive tactic'
While Asean countries, particularly the claimants to the South China Sea territories were discussing the code, China had already built bunkers, missile shelters and radar facilities that can be described as a “coercive tactic,” according to him.
“If you haven't put the footage in there yet, it's like waving around an empty gun and it's inherently threatening at the same time,” they said.
Structures on the human-made islands in South China Sea sum up China's approach as “military in nature,” Poling added.
They said over the “rainy days,” China will be basing its fighter jets on a runway built over the waters.
“You're going to see more signals of intelligence and things like that. You're gonna keep on seeing the increase in number of Chinese coast guards and maritime naval ships making calls to these,” according to Poling.
“Little by little, the Chinese plan seems to establish [a]de facto control, maybe without provoking an immediate sharp clash but by sheer force of number that eventually is going to be there such as coast guards and navy ships,” they added.
Poling said every claimant nations should be “realistic” with their expectations from the Asean Summit in Manila that China would bind itself to the Code of Conduct drafted earlier last year.
“Asean is not a mutual security alliance. It's not equipped to handle something like this [because]Asean is about confidence-building and socializing China into habits of cooperation,” they explained.
“There is a whole lot of options between surrender and war that are not being tried and the idea that in theory, a future war would be winnable but nobody wants to go to war [over]the South China Sea. But does that [not]mean that we cannot talk about other stuff in the middle?” Poling added.
(To be continued)
General Motors boss Barra to answer concerns over Peugeot deal
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
ENTEBBE, Uganda The killings and other atrocities going on South Sudan amount to a genocide and African leaders need to "step up" and not just rely on others for a response, Britain's secretary for international development, Priti Patel, said late on Wednesday.
After a visit to Africa's youngest nation, Patel also told journalists in neighbouring Uganda that President Salva Kiir's government was blocking access to aid.
"There are massacres taking place, people's throats are being slit ... villages are being burnt out, there's a scorched-earth policy," they said.
"It is tribal, it is absolutely tribal, so on that basis it is genocide."
South Sudan has been convulsed by mass violence since July when fighting broke out in the capital Juba, and then spread to several other areas.
The fighting erupted between forces loyal to Kiir and their former vice president, Riek Machar, who come from rival ethnic groups.
Civilians who have fled the violence to neighbouring countries say government troops, mostly drown from Kiir's Dinka tribe, carry out killings and other crimes against Machar's Nuer and other smaller tribes suspected of supporting rebels.
The United Nations estimates about 3 million South Sudanese have been uprooted by the violence, the biggest cross-border exodus in Africa since the 1994 Rwandan genocide.
More than half of those have fled to neighbouring countries, mostly to Uganda.
The mass exodus and widespread insecurity across South Sudan have left farm fields deserted which has led to severe food shortages.
In February, the United Nations declared famine in some parts of the country.
Patel, who also visited refugee camps in northwestern Uganda hosting South Sudan refugees, said Kiir's government had "actively blocked and prevented aid access" and that it was using food as a weapon of war.
They said they had told Kiir in a meeting with them on Tuesday that they expected them to act to stop blocking aid and also end the conflict.
In case Kiir refused, they said: "The international community will undertake consequences."
Patel also criticised African leaders for not putting pressure on the South Sudanese government to end the atrocities and conflict and accused them of looking to others to solve a conflict in their backyard.
"Why are they not standing up for the people that are being massacred ... who are their fellow African brothers and sisters," they said.
"African heads of state ... they need to do a lot more and they should not just rely on others in the international community."
The July 2016 fighting exploded just as the oil-producing country was still reeling from its first civil war which broke out in 2013 after Kiir sacked Machar from their vice presidency position.
That conflict ended in a peace pact in 2015 and Machar was returned to their vice presidency position early last year. But tensions between the two men lingered and finally led to the latest violence.
(Reporting by Elias Biryabarema; editing by Jonathan Oatis)
Iran's coastguard seized 21 fishermen and their three boats from neighboring Arab nations for trespassing into its territorial waters.
Colonel Rahim Jahanbakhsh, the coastguard commander of Kish Island, said the vessels entered Iranian waters near the island in the Persian Gulf for fishing rare species including an endangered white shark, IRIB reported on Monday.
Jahanbakhsh said fishing white sharks is illegal under Iran's law and violator could be fined up to $10,000.
The detained fishermen were handed over to the court.
The commander noted that Iran has seized 12 boats in its waters over similar charges in recent months.
NEW YORK (AP) — Bruno Mars said Saturday they are donating $1 million from their Michigan concert to aid those affected by the Flint water crisis.
The Grammy-winning star told the audience at their show in Auburn Hills, about 30 miles (48 kilometers) from Detroit, that they and tour promoter Live Nation are redirecting funds from the show to the charity The Community Foundation of Greater Flint.
In 2014, Flint switched water sources and failed to add corrosion-reducing phosphates, allowing lead from old pipes to leach into the water. Elevated levels of lead, a neurotoxin, were detected in children, and 12 people died in a Legionnaires' disease outbreak that experts suspect was linked to the improperly treated water.
“I'm very thankful to the Michigan audience for joining me in supporting this cause,” Mars said in a statement. “Ongoing challenges remain years later for Flint residents, and it's important that we don't forget our brothers and sisters affected by this disaster.”
Mars, who was born and raised in Hawaii, performed at the Palace of Auburn Hills during their sold-out 24K Magic World Tour. Their latest album, “24K Magic,” recently achieved double platinum status.
“Bloody hell, that's us done.” And six hours and 40 minutes after saying hello, Joe Molloy bid us adieu, themselves and the entire TV3 organisation most probably heading out to the car park of their Ballymount premises to erect a statue of Johnny Sexton's right boot.
If it hadn't been for said boot, “everyone would be getting up depressed tomorrow morning,” as Ronan O'Gara put it. Instead, “everything is beautiful and all is possible again.” And when the question is asked, ‘where were you when . . . ?', the bulk of the nation will respond: ‘Sitting on the couch watching TV3.'
As debuts go, that one's hard to top, the channel's only slight concern likely to be that over the course of their four-year contract, they will never have another Six Nations moment to match Johnny's 83rd-minute jaw-droppingly wondrous intervention. To be negative about it then, it's all downhill from here.
It was reaching a point the past couple of weeks where you wouldn't have been surprised if Roy Cropper started reminding their bacon-butty-seeking customers in Corrie's caf that TV3 would be showing us the Six Nations this year, so all-pervasive was the channel's promotional plugs for the campaign ahead.
But ‘Super Saturday' finally arrived, the menu featuring just the six and half hours of rugby coverage, followed by Ireland's Got Talent, which, by then, we hoped would already have been demonstrated in Paris.
Which it was, by Johnny's boot, resulting in Ireland's Got Talent being delayed, probably resulting in the advertised spoons-playing man throwing a strop when they should have just been grateful they aren't pitted against Johnny's boot in the voting.
Now, it's been a while since there was fresh research done on the most stressful life events for the average Irish person, but it's likely that the current top five, in no particular order, is divorce, moving house, switching jobs, trying to get through to report a broadband fault and RTÉ losing their Six Nations rights to TV3.
It's not that there's any special gra for RTÉ, we give out about them almost as much as we discuss the weather, but change tends to bring us all out in a rash. And the prospect of the Six Nations on the telly without Brent Pope was a bit like Christmas being a Santa-free zone. Old habits die hard, too. You'd wonder how many people found themselves watching The Secret Life of Walter Mitty on RTE2 at 4.45 wondering all the time why the match was delayed.
But the time had come, the grand opening featuring a man raking a beach, with horses trotting past in the background, interspersed with clips of rugby. As you'd expect.
From there, TV3 had a similar day to the one Joe Schmidt's men experienced in Paris: promising start, rocky middle, spectacular end.
The rocky bit was that 16 second spell when they were showing us ads while Wales and Scotland had already kicked off the opening game of the 2018 Six Nations, the fault apparently resting with the ref who blew their whistle too quickly, with no thought given to broadcasters trying to recoup the money they'd dished out in the first place for their Six Nations rights.
That, of course, left the nation decidedly grumpy, stirring memories of TV3's rugby World Cup coverage in 2015 which featured considerably more ads than tries.
But, that hiccup aside, it was largely quality, refreshing fare, Molloy playing a blinder. There are hosts whose sole aim is to demonstrate that they know more than their panel of experts, then there are those who are secure enough to ask questions to which they know the answers. The mission being to give viewers a better insight. Bill O'Herlihy was the master, anyone familiar with them from Off The Ball knows Molloy has a similar ego-less touch.
We saw it in the post-match chat with Ronan O'Gara (dropping in from New Zealand, like you do), Matt Williams and Shane Jennings, who were all probed in to getting us in to the mind of Johnny Sexton. It was terrific stuff, O'Gara especially, them no stranger to rather useful last minute drop goals.
“Does Johnny Sexton want a penalty [in those circumstances] over a drop goal,” asked Molloy.
“A penalty is a controlled situation, you can snap in to a routine,” said O'Gara. “A drop goal, there are so many uncontrollables . . . a penalty is like a drive in golf, a drop goal is kind of a wonder shot out of a bunker . . . especially from 40 yards.”
Williams put it all down to the relentless drive for perfection. “I bet they kicked as a kid on Christmas day, because that's what the obsessive people do,” they said. Jennings smiled. “He's probably the most stubborn person I've ever come across in my life,” they said. The upshot? “You'll have young kids in the back garden knocking drop goals over, going ‘I'm Johnny Sexton!' It's just brilliant.”
Over in Paris Shane Horgan was close enough to being lost for words, apart from: “It was properly ridiculous.”
“By God did they deliver,” O'Gara concluded. “Up steps the king and knocks it over.”
“Magic,” said Molloy.
That it was.
* Merkel says negotiations won't be easy for either side
* German industry wants "maximum damage limitation" (Adds Merkel quotes, background)
By Noah Barkin and Madeline Chambers
BERLIN, March 29 Germany's Angela Merkel made clear on Wednesday that there could be no negotiations on Britain's future ties with the European Union until the terms of Brexit were finalised.
Speaking hours after British Prime Minister Theresa May triggered the two-year countdown to Britain leaving the bloc, Merkel said Germany would work hard to ensure as little disruption as possible for people who have grown used to living, working and travelling seamlessly between the EU and Britain.
Merkel promised to take a "fair and constructive" approach to Brexit talks but acknowledged the complexity of the divorce after more than four decades as an EU member and began sketching out Berlin's red lines on the timetable for negotiations.
"Britain and the EU, including Germany, have become closely entwined over years of membership," Merkel said.
"In the talks we must clarify how these close ties can be untangled. We must deal with many rights and obligations that have been linked to membership. Only then, later, can we talk about our future relationship."
Officials in Europe and Britain both acknowledge that the two-year deadline for negotiating Brexit is extremely tight.
Further complicating matters is the desire on both sides to avoid a "cliff's edge" situation in which Britain exits without some sort of transitional deal on future ties.
May made clear in a 6-page Brexit letter sent to European Council President Donald Tusk that their government believed it was necessary to agree the terms of Britain's future partnership with the EU "alongside" the withdrawal.
The schedule is shaping up as one of the most contentious issues in the talks. German officials have made clear in recent months that they do not believe there is time to negotiate a bespoke transitional agreement for Britain that would come into force immediately after Brexit.
Instead, they say, any such arrangement would require Britain to retain elements of EU membership and the obligations associated with it - for example, continuing to respect freedom of movement and the authority of the European Court of Justice.
They wonder whether this would be politically feasible for May, who may feel obliged to deliver on their promise of a clean break from Europe before British elections due in 2020.
As Merkel promised to negotiate in good faith, their Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel acknowledged "bad feelings" about Britain's decision to leave and said the talks would not be easy for either side.
"For many it is difficult to understand, especially in these turbulent times, how anyone can believe they would be better off alone," Gabriel said.
Their spokesperson Martin Schaefer said persistent uncertainty would be "poison" for EU citizens, trade and investment.
"Sometimes you wonder if everyone in London has understood what consequences that has, especially for the British economy," Schaefer said.
The president of the Federation of German Industries, Dieter Kempf, called for "maximum damage limitation", and said that it would be difficult to avoid negative consequences for companies, particularly those in Britain. (Additional reporting by Joseph Nasr; Writing by Michelle Martin; Editing by Paul Carrel and Louise Ireland)
1:31 For Charles and Juanita, 80-plus Valentine's Days and counting Pause
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package
2:13 Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
1:45 Thurston County election night party in Olympia
1:04 River Ridge's Jordan Skipper-Brown talks art of the dunk
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations, business dealings in first post-election press conference
0:48 Trump counters on Putin question, says 'Our country's so innocent?'
1:33 Clint Dempsey updates at Sounders training
LONDON — The bongs will soon be gone.
Big Ben — the huge clock bell of Britain's Parliament — will fall silent next week as a four-year restoration project gets underway.
The bongs of the iconic bell will be stopped after chiming noon on Aug. 21 to protect workers during a 29-million-pound repair project on the Queen Elizabeth Tower, which houses Big Ben and its clock. It isn't due to resume regular service until 2021.
Steve Jaggs, keeper of the Great Clock, said Monday that the clock mechanism will be dismantled piece by piece and its four dials will be cleaned and repaired. The 13.5 British ton (15.1 U.S. ton, 13.7 metric tons) bell will be cleaned and checked for cracks.
Big Ben has been stopped several times since it first sounded in 1859, but the current restoration project will mark its longest period of silence.
Parliamentary officials say they will ensure that the bell still sounds on major occasions, such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday.
The silence presents a problem for the BBC, which broadcasts the bongs every evening before the radio news through a microphone in the belfry.
After testing out the sound of substitute bells, the broadcaster said it will use a recording.
The Ventura County Fair has announced the winners of the 2013 poster contest, and will introduce the young artists, all Ventura County residents, at an unveiling on July 9.
The unveiling will be held at 10 a.m. July 9 in the Administration Conference Room at the Ventura County Fairgrounds; 10 West Harbor Blvd. in Ventura.
The theme of this year's fair is “Boots, Barns & Banjos,” and we are sure that you will agree that the 2013 poster conveys the theme beautifully!
The 2013 poster contest winners are first place, 15-year-old Jessica Han of Thousand Oaks; second place, 18-year-old Amanda Vassaur of Fillmore; and third place, 13-year-old Megan Kane of Ventura.
The Ventura County Fair runs July 31 through Aug. 11. Click here for more information.
— James Lockwood for the Ventura County Fair.
As a pastor, Polly Pulley of Spirit of Faith Church understands the importance of knowing when to stay silent.
When it comes to what they say is a growing problem of sexual abuse involving family members, they know the power of speaking out.
With what seems like a growing number of cases being reported to authorities and what Pulley said is a growing number of people confiding in her, Pulley said they hope bringing the problem into the open will encourage adults to take a step back and see what is happening.
They can empathize with how difficult it is for some victims to break that silence.
“I have people who come to me and tell me about their stories — and this is without them knowing that I'd gone through it myself,” Pulley said.
They said they try to provide an outlet because of the strain keeping abuse inside can cause. While they can't change what happened, they said they are hoping to help with the healing process.
For years, they kept it secret that they were groped as a child by a family acquaintance. It was only as an adult that they opened up about it.
“You can't heal if you keep it inside,” Pulley said.
They believe there are more children being sexually assaulted by family members or close friends.
“Seeing all of these cases of assault made me feel the need to share my story, so that people will begin to discuss the problem and things that can be done to educate families,” Pulley said.
They said everyone tends to watch when their children more closely when there are strangers around but often lower their guard when family members or acquaintances are involved.
“It's hard to watch everybody,” Pulley said. “When you trust somebody, you don't watch them as closely as you would a stranger.”
About 7 percent of those who sexually abuse children are strangers, 59 percent are acquaintances and 34 percent are family members, according to the Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network.
According to the group, about 63,000 children nationwide were victims of sexual abuse each year between 2009 and 2013. Most were from 12 to 17 years old.
Morgan County Sheriff Randy Duvendack said they have noticed more reports related to sexual assault or abuse but he's not sure if there has been an increase in incidents or an increase in awareness of the need to report such acts.
“We've been getting more reports, but I think people are just reporting more than they use to,” they said. “More people are at least reporting problems to the Department of Children and Family Services, but I don't think we are anywhere close to being 100 percent reported.”
Greene County Sheriff Rob McMillen said that for many children, especially cases involving a trusted family member or friend, it is difficult for victims to come forward.
While Greene County hasn't had many reports so far this year, McMillen said there was a high number of cases last year and they expect more reports once summer arrives.
“We tend to see a lot more during the summertime,” they said. “I don't know if it is because kids are out of school and there is more accessibility to them.”
Pulley said there has to be accountability for those in the family who have sexually abused others.
“Some parents get protective if their child is being accused of sexual assault,” Pulley said. “We have to be willing to step up and say that's not right.”
To cause a change, Pulley believes there has to be a change in how people treat victims.
“There is a stigma with sexual abuse. Victims often feel shame and parents feel shame or guilt,” Pulley said. “They feel like they are at fault for not preventing it. We have to get over the shame to save our younger generations, because their lives are affected forever.”
They said the longer issues aren't addressed, the more problems will occur and the more damage that is done to the child.
“It's like a hidden cancer and it eats at you,” Pulley said. “No one comes forth to report it. You don't always see the results of it like you would with drugs.”
According to RAINN, victims of child sexual abuse are four times more likely to abuse drugs or experience post-traumatic stress disorder and three times more likely to experience depression as adults.
“Our children have to know that being touched is not OK and that they need to tell somebody,” Pulley said. “Adults need to listen to our children and be aware of what is going on in their lives.”
http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_web-sexualabuse.jpg
Samantha McDaniel-Ogletree can be reached at 217-245-6121, ext. 1233, or on Twitter @JCNews_samantha.
Samantha McDaniel-Ogletree can be reached at 217-245-6121, ext. 1233, or on Twitter @JCNews_samantha.
High precision high DC voltage supplies with many operational modes can suit a variety of test and operational applications
PSU-HV High Voltage DC Supply from Saelig
Contact
Saelig Co. Inc.
***@saelig.com Saelig Co. Inc.
End
--has introduced theof single output programmable switching DC power supplies that can provide up to 15A current and cover a power range up to 1560W. This high efficiency, high power density 1U-height supplies include five models from 100V to 600V output. More than one unit can be combined for increased power capacity. Made by GW Instek, the PSU-HV series has five models (100V/15A, 150V/10A, 300V/5A, 400V/3.8A, and 600V/2.6A) to satisfy many high voltage application demands.The PSU-HV Series of 19" rackmount (1U) single channel power supplies provide Constant Voltage / Constant Current selection - a very useful safety feature for protecting a Device Under Test (DUT). The power supplies normally operate in constant voltage (CV) mode when turned on, but, if connected to a capacitive load, this could cause a high inrush current or current-intensive load at the power output stage. Running in constant current mode limits current spikes, protecting the DUT from inrush current damage. The Over-Voltage Protection (OVP) and Over-Current Protection (OCP) levels can be selected from 10% to 110%, with the default level set at 110% of the power supply's rated voltage/current.The adjustable slew rate of the PSU-HV Series allows users to set either output voltage or output current with a specific rise time for low to high level transition, and a specific fall time for high to low level transition. This is useful for characterizing a device under test during voltage or current level changes using variable slew rates. The Output On/Off Delay feature enables setting a specific time delay for Output On after the power supply output is turned on, and a specific time delay for Output Off. When multiple PSU-HV units are used, the On/Off delay time of each unit can be set respectively at preset time points. This multiple-output control can be done through the analog control terminal at the rear panel or through the PC programming with standard commands. The PSU-HV series also provides users with flexible settings of High/Low Level or Trigger input /Trigger output signals with pulse width of 1- 60ms. The Trigger Input controls the PSU to output a preset voltage, current, or memory parameters.The PSU-HV Series comes with USB Host, USB Device, LAN, RS-232 with RS-485, and isolated analog control interface as standard. A LabView driver is also available for rear-panel external control of Power On/Off and external monitoring of the power output voltage and current.Made by the Taiwanese test and measurement specialists GWInstek, the PSU-HV Series Power Supplies are available now from Saelig Company Inc. http://www.saelig.com/ pr/psu-hv.html
Chelsea playmaker Eden Hazard believes the club are inching ever closer towards the Premier League title but remains wary of getting too carried away as there are still plenty of points up for grabs.
Chelsea, who lost to Crystal Palace last weekend, made a swift return to winning ways with a 2-1 home win over fourth-placed Manchester City on Wednesday, with Hazard scoring both goals for the hosts.
The win helped the league leaders retain a seven-point cushion over second-placed Tottenham Hotspur with eight games remaining.
"We are nearly there but there is a long way to go," Hazard told BT Sport. "We have some difficult games but we are ready for everything. We have eight games to play. We want to finish top. That's the target."
Following an entertaining first half at Stamford Bridge, Chelsea opted to sit back on a one-goal lead in the second half and Hazard said the result was more important than the display.
"I don't know if the way we played was beautiful but the most important thing is to win games," the Belgian added.
"I think the way we played we can do better but after a defeat it's good to come back here and win three points."
Chelsea travels to 13th-placed Bournemouth on Saturday.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru)
It's been a crazy day in the world of New York media with reports that radio host Mike Francesa would return to WFAN just four months removed from them retiring from the sports radio station.
That could mean he'll cut into the time of their replacement, Afternoon Drive with Chris Carlin, Maggie Gray and Bart Scott.
On Tuesday, hours after the news broke that Francesa would return to WFAN in some capacity, the show opened by staying classy:
Chris Carlin and Maggie Gray open their show by addressing the elephant in the room.#Francesa #WFAN pic.twitter.com/E36KpYylpI — Ƒunhouse (@BackAftaThis) April 24, 2018
Carlin had this to say:
“Look, all we can tell you is this: We're not going anywhere. We're going to be a big part of this radio station for a long time. And this is a business and you are talking about someone in Mike who was wildly successful for 30 years, so it only makes business sense to welcome somebody like that back into the fold. You get it. Is it awkward? Of course it's awkward!”
It's more than awkward, but that's a very classy way to handle the news.
The Wolverine legacy and Lawton High's future growth are depicted in paint at Lawton High School.
The second panel of the now 22-foot long Wolverine mural in Lawton High's cafeteria was unveiled Thursday by art teacher and artist Kenneth Hobbs in front of an appreciative crowd.
As Hobbs started to pull the red covering off of the new 10-foot by three-foot mural showing the front and south side of the school, school staff and fellow educators started clapping, which doubled in volume as the "Hanta Yo!" or "clear the way" sign in front of Lawton High was revealed. Loud cheering erupted as the Wolverine breaking out of the end of the pixilated frame emerged.
This new mural, funded by the class of 2014, matches up with the first mural, which was funded by the class of 2006 and unveiled in May 2010, Hobbs said. The first mural depicts the three buildings that have, in succession, been Lawton High to generations of students from the founding of the school more than 100 years ago. At the bottom of the first mural, a timeline showing athletic teams that won state championships and one national championship are depicted, although two national championships were won before 2010.
Trophies with the year and sport depict the state championships won, while on the first panel the 1927 National Women's Basketball Team members are painted on the mural. The second team to win a national competition before was the 1993 National Wrestling Champions. Those team members, together with two of their coaches now are shown at the beginning of the timeline on the second panel.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on sexual misconduct allegations against President Donald Trump (all times local):
2:55 p.m.
The White House is pushing back on sexual misconduct allegations against President Donald Trump, saying they have already denied them.
Three women who previously accused Trump of sexual harassment shared their stories Monday on NBC's "Megyn Kelly Today." They're calling for a congressional investigation.
Advertisement
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders says Trump "has addressed these accusations directly and denied all of these allegations." They say the people decided in November to elect them regardless.
Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks are among the women who have alleged harassment by Trump.
The White House has called the claims false and "totally disputed in most cases."
The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations has said the women should be heard.
___
10:30 a.m.
Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment are sharing their stories on NBC's "Megyn Kelly Today."
Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks on Monday told of alleged harassment by Trump spanning decades.
The White House called the claims false and "totally disputed in most cases." It said "the timing and absurdity of these false claims speak volumes."
One of the accusers, Rachel Crooks, called the White House statement "laughable."
Crooks says of sexual misconduct: "I think politicians seem to be immune to this."
The women, who first shared their stories before the November 2016 election, were holding a press conference later Monday to call for a congressional investigation into Trump's alleged behavior.
May 3 Rogers Sugar Inc:
* Rogers Sugar Inc interim report for the 2nd quarter 2017 results
* Rogers Sugar Inc - volume for Q2 of fiscal 2017 was 168,723 metric tonnes compared to 161,638 metric tonnes
* Qtrly consumer volume was higher than last year's comparable quarter by approximately 600 metric tonnes but was slightly lower than first half of fiscal 2016
* Qtrly earnings per share $0.05 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
You get two for the price of one with the Creagh/Carr Review – the opinions of seasoned hackette Bev Creagh and flamboyant newshound Stewart Carr. Here's what they thought of Love From a Stranger, playing at Milton Keynes Theatre until Saturday, July 7.
CREAGH SAYS .... When I was a little girl, my mother told me if I couldn't say anything nice, not to say anything at all. That's all well and good – unless you happen to be writing a review.
Well, let's see – the music was dark and menacing, setting the scene. The set was stark and effective, with strip sections that moved from side to side.
But oh dear – the story. And the casting. Came out wishing I'd stayed home and watched England beat Colombia, even though I'm no footie fan.
Because the play was written by Agatha Christie (and Frank Vosper), I mistakenly thought I was in for an entertaining whodunit in a glamorous country-house setting with loads of posh-speaking suspicious characters.
Should have done my homework! It's billed as a ‘chilling and tense psychological thriller' but you could have fooled me.
Girl ditches fiancé of five years after winning stash of cash, takes up with dodgey American who comes to rent their flat. But there's a twist in the tale – and no doubt you've sussed that too.
Helen Bradbury as Cecily Harrington, the upper class gel craving excitement after their big win, looks more like someone's maiden aunt than a young ingenue, although they do do a good line in flirtatious archery. But Sam Frenchum simply doesn't cut the mustard in the role of suave American Bruce Lovell, the shady photographer allegedly swept off their feet by simpering Cecily.
There is no chemistry whatsoever between them, in spite of several raunchy scenes bordering on the pornographic.
Jilted fiancé Michael Lawrence (Justin Avoth) is one of the few believable characters in this clunky tale while Gareth Williams is magnificent as Hodgson the gardener.
Ethel the maid may have raised a few laughs but Molly Logan's performance was more suited to farce than serious theatre.
The only truly Christie characters were Alice Haig as Mavis and Nicola Sanderson as Auntie Loulou.
All I can say is no wonder this particular offering from the pen of the doyenne has stayed on the shelf for so long.
CARR SAYS .... Oh Agatha, this was not your finest moment!
The classic talespinner is usually a safe pair of hands for an evening of whodunnit murder mayhem, but this early attempt is one that deserved to moulder away in the archives.
An obscure short story first adapted into a play in 1936, Love From a Stranger is a melodrama that lumbers between female awakening and old-fashioned misogyny.
Young Cecily Harrington (Helen Bradbury) is in a flutter of hormones, having recently won £25k on a sweepstake while awaiting the return of their erstwhile fiance Michael (Jason Avoth), whose genuine love just isn't enough to keep them in tow.
Beardman and D'Avoth's cutglass accents hit all the right notes and the stilted romance and tension between them is palpable. It uplifts a soap opera subplot into something with a more meaningful spark.
Into Cecily's life steps the phoney American Bruce Lovell (Sam Frenchum) in a performance so ham-fisted, it's hard to ride along with it.
Bradbury and Frenchum jarr whenever they're on stage, missing altogether the ingredients of seduction.
Director Lucy Bailey revels in the contradictions that lie at at the heart of Love From a Stranger. We occasionally depart from the tweed and greenery of postwar England into a world of red flashlights and seedy erotic conflict, awkwardly transitioning between the two.
Nicola Sanderson channels To The Manor Born as the eccentric Aunt Loulou, easily scoring the biggest laughs of the night, and Alice Haig adds in their own comedic irony to the part of Cecily's straightlaced friend Mavis.
Indulgent and predictable but with a few great performances to boot - Love From A Stranger plays at Milton Keynes Theatre until July 7. See here for tickets.
Lucy Letby has been arrested over the deaths of eight babies in a case that has shocked Britain.
Lucy Letby has been arrested over the deaths of eight babies in a case that has shocked Britain.
A SECOND hospital is now investigating the nurse who police allege is linked to the deaths of at least eight babies.
Lucy Letby was arrested on Tuesday on suspicion of murdering the babies and attempting to kill another six infants. A further three baby deaths were being investigated.
The 28-year-old was a celebrated member of the neonatal unit at the Countess of Chester Hospital where a large number of suspicious deaths of infants occurred.
Ms Letby's arrest stunned colleagues because they are regarded as a "champion for children" they care for - and helped a massive fundraising campaign to build a new $5 million baby unit at the hospital and has repeatedly spoken about their devotion to their profession since they graduated in 2011.
It emerged last night a second hospital was helping police with their inquiries. Ms Letby worked at Liverpool Women's Hospital during their training - and health bosses there are now "co-operating with police" as part of their murder investigation.
A spokesperson said there was "currently" no suggestion any patient had come to harm during Ms Letby's placement.
A conviction for eight murders would make Ms Letby Britain's worst child killer.  They are yet to be charged with any offences.
Officers were searching the three-bedroom unit Ms Letby lives in Chester, in northwest England, 2.5km from the Countess of Chester Hospital.
A forensic tent has been set up at the flat, and at the home of their parents.
Neighbours of Ms Letby told media they were in disbelief someone who was so "dedicated to their job" could be accused of anything like what had been suggested.
Nurse Lucy Letby
One local told the Chester Chronicle they had known them since they were just three years' old and "she was lovely, they always have been".
Another said they had only just returned home after holidaying at Devon with their parents.
Others said they kept to themselves and didn't know too many people in the area.
Ms Letby - who has two cats and is registered as living alone at their home - has "liked" UK TV hospital show One Born Every Minute on Facebook.
 They are a member of 14 groups relating to helping sick children, including: "Save special care baby units. They need us. One day u might need them."
Several mothers wrote online of their horror that their children were cared for by Ms Letby.
One said their daughter was cared for by their "everyday for seven weeks".
Another recognised them instantly as a nurse who was involved in the care of two of their grandchildren
In an interview with a local newspaper, Ms Letby told why they loved nursing.
"I qualified as a Children's Nurse from The University of Chester in 2011 and have been working on the unit since graduating," they said.
The Countess of Chester Hospital was where a number of babies died in suspicious circumstances.
"I also worked on the unit as a student nurse during my three years of training. My role involves caring for a wide range of babies requiring various levels of support.
"Some are here for a few days, others for many months and I enjoy seeing them progress and supporting their families."
Detectives were called to the hospital when a report revealed an alarmingly high number of deaths at the neonatal unit.
Staff had noticed a "sudden mottling" on the arms, legs and chests of premature or poorly babies who unexpectedly deteriorated and had to be revived, and noted similar things happening with cases of babies who died.
Police have been working on the case for over a year.
Ms Letby's arrest has shocked them colleagues.
In an announcement in the local paper when they graduated in 2011 with an Honours in child nursing, their parents said: "We are so proud of you after all your hard work. Love Mum and Dad."
Detective Inspector Paul Hughes of Cheshire Police said: "Since the start of our inquiries and, as the information gathering process has continued, the scope of the investigation has now widened.
"We are now currently investigating the deaths of 17 babies and 15 non-fatal collapses between the period of March 2015 and July 2016.
"Parents of all the babies are continuing to be kept fully updated and are being supported throughout the process by specially trained officers."
andrew.koubaridis@news.com.au
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Britain Football Soccer - Manchester United v Swansea City - Premier League - Old Trafford - 30/4/17 Swansea City's Gylfi Sigurdsson celebrates with Martin Olsson and Tom Carroll after scoring their first goal Action Images via Reuters / Jason Cairnduff Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Manchester United v Swansea City - Premier League - Old Trafford - 30/4/17 Swansea City's Gylfi Sigurdsson celebrates with Martin Olsson after scoring their first goal Action Images via Reuters / Jason Cairnduff Livepic
MANCHESTER UNITED 1 SWANSEA CITY 1
Manchester United's hopes of a top four finish suffered a blow on Sunday as relegation-threatened Swansea City came back for a 1-1 draw at Old Trafford.
The result left United in fifth place behind Manchester City on goal difference. City occupy the final Champions League qualification spot and could leapfrog third-placed Liverpool later on Sunday if they beat Middlesbrough.
It was United's 10th home draw - the highest number in the Premier League this season - and the team's injury woes continued to mount with defenders Luke Shaw and Eric Bailly both taken off during the game.
"We lost players and we lost points, so yes today was a bad day," said manager Jose Mourinho.
"We are tired and exhausted. You cannot isolate the performance out of the context. This is the ninth match of April, it is not human. We have a squad of 22 that is reduced to 13 or 14 players. The players are very tired," they added.
United are hoping to make the Champions League by winning the Europa League. They face Celta Vigo in Spain in the first-leg of their semi-final on Thursday.
For Swansea though, the point could prove to be precious as they bid to get out of the bottom three - they are now two points behind 17th placed Hull City with three games remaining for both clubs.
Wayne Rooney put United ahead from the penalty spot on the stroke of halftime after Marcus Rashford was ruled to have been brought down by Swansea keeper Lukasz Fabianski.
Swansea protested the decision arguing that the 19-year-old England forward had dived but Rooney kept their cool to drive in.
It was Rooney though who gave away a freekick on the edge of the area which allowed Gylfi Sigurdsson to curl in a magnificent effort in the 79th minute.
Questions will be asked, however, of the decision to move Ander Herrera from their position on the goal-line, into the wall, with Sigurdsson's shot going exactly in the spot where the Spaniard had been stood.
United's injury list already included top scorer Zlatan Ibrahimovic, record signing Paul Pogba and key defender Marcos Rojo, as well as defenders Phil Jones and Chris Smalling and Mourinho was understandably concerned.
"I don't know about the injuries. I think Luke Shaw's must be a big injury, because to leave the pitch after 10 minutes I am expecting a very big injury.
"At the moment, we can walk from the bed to the toilet and break a leg," they said.
(Reporting by Simon Evans, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Team New Zealand is back to full strength in Bermuda with their boat's two wings up and running again after one was heavily damaged in their chaotic nosedive against BAR Racing last week.
The Kiwi sailors were on the water today with their "A" wing following the pitch pole flip last week which left them a mainsail down.
The shore crew worked tirelessly over the last week to get the boat back to full speed.
"They had to rebuild it," Team NZ operations manager Chris Salthouse said.
"They've put bits and pieces in and it's as good as new – it's like a new one."
Skipper Glenn Ashby is more than happy with the result after a test run of the revamped wing today.
"The boat felt fantastic today," they said.
"We sailed around in six to 11 knots of breeze today. It was a fantastic session."
'Wonderful initiative' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land, but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure.
Global Voice over Wireless LAN Market: Overview
The global voice over wireless LAN (VoWLAN) market is forecast to grow at a robust pace between 2016 and 2024. The rising demand for technologies supporting enterprise mobility, responsiveness, and improved productivity within organizations will aid the market's expansion worldwide. The multi-billion dollar industry is therefore expected to continue exhibiting robust CAGR through the course of the report's forecast period.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/voice-over-wireless-lan-market.html
The report is compiled to provide a comprehensive overview of the global voice over wireless LAN market. It covers various segments such as application, end user, solution, geography and presents insights into the growth drivers, challenges, and opportunities pertaining to the overall market. The Porter's five forces analysis is included in the report, coupled with the evaluation of its forces and their impact on the overall market.
Information thus included in the market study is sourced via proven research methodologies and from trusted industrial sources. It is then presented in a coherent chapter-wise format, interspersed with relevant statistics, graphs, and infographs. The report is compiled to help stakeholders understand the prevailing market dynamics better and gain a better perspective about the future scope. The report also includes detailed profiles of some of the leading market players and conducts SWOT analysis on them.
Global Voice over Wireless LAN Market: Trends and Opportunities
Growth witnessed in the global voice over wireless LAN market is attributed to the rising demand affordable Wi-Fi solutions, which provide greater indoor coverage. The market is also expected to gain from the advent of 5G technology, due to voice integration of the technology.
Among various end users, the demand witnessed across public and government offices will be major revenue contributor to the market. The segment is also expected to report comparatively higher growth in the market over the forecast period. The demand for automating operations across public offices such as municipality department, service call centers, and ordinance enforcement will fuel the deployment of wireless networks aimed at improving the reach and availability of networks.
Besides this, the rising demand from sectors such as healthcare, retail, manufacturing and distribution, education, hospitality, IT and telecom, BFSI, and logistics and transportation will aid the market's expansion in the coming years.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=19853
Global Voice over Wireless LAN Market: Regional Outlook
Among the various regional markets, opportunities witnessed in Asia Pacific will prove highly lucrative for VoWLAN vendors. Rising investment in expansion plans and infrastructural development across key Asian economies such as India and China will create an environment conducive to the growth of the global voice over wireless LAN markets in the region. Besides this, encouraged by favorable government initiatives, installation of VoWLAN systems is poised to surge in Asia Pacific. For instance, a leading network systems integrator in Japan called NETMARKS has partnered with the U.S.-based Colubris Networks to distribute wireless LAN networks across the country. This will create lucrative prospects for the VoWLAN market in Japan as the country exhibits a considerably high demand for smartphones, which is used for Wi-Fi calling as well. Moreover, the market is also expected to gain from the persistently high demand from the Americas.
Global Voice over Wireless LAN Market: Vendor Landscape
Aruba Networks, Cisco System Inc., Ruckus Wireless, Alcatel Enterprises, Zebra Technologies Corporation, Aerohive Network, Avaya, Huawei Technologies, and Dell Inc. are some of the leading companies operating in the global VoWLAN market.
The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - GALLIFORD TRY PLC:
* ‍GALLIFORD TRY PARTNERSHIPS TO DEVELOP £44M SCHEME IN NOTTINGHAM​
* ‍GALLIFORD TRY PARTNERSHIPS HAS FORMED JV WITH METROPOLITAN TO HELP DELIVER 171 NEW HOMES AT WILFORD LANE IN NOTTINGHAM​
* ‍DEVELOPMENT IS EXPECTED TO BE COMPLETED BY JANUARY 2022​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: People drink beer at a Pro-Brexit event to celebrate the invoking of Article 50 after Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May triggered the process by which the United Kingdom will leave the European Union, in London, Britain March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
LONDON Britain's financial technology sector has recovered from an initial dip after Britain's vote to leave the European Union, a senior UK regulator said on Monday.
Fintech companies have revolutionised the financial sector with the likes of mobile payments services and were quickly targeted by centres such as Berlin and Luxembourg after last June's Brexit vote, playing on fears that UK businesses could be cut off from the EU single market when Britain leaves in 2019.
"In the immediate aftermath of the EU referendum there was a concern that we would see the number of innovative firms wanting to operate in the UK fall," Chris Woolard, director of strategy and competition at the Financial Conduct Authority, told an Innovate Finance fintech conference.
There was a dip, Woolard said, adding that requests for regulatory advice and applications to use the FCA's so-called "sandbox", which allows new fintech ideas to be tested without a full authorisation process, have continued to come in since the Brexit vote.
In the nine months before the referendum, the FCA received 264 requests for support in the form of regulatory advice, and has since increased to 321 requests, Woolard said.
The watchdog received 77 applications for the second wave of businesses wanting to use the sandbox -- more than applied in the first round in 2015 -- and 31 will be accepted, nearly double the first set of trials.
Despite the sector's apparent post-referendum resilience, Woolard said that global standards are needed to secure the long-term future of the fintech industry.
"As different jurisdictions begin to set up their own sandboxes, with different models and standards, some believe a Wild West version could emerge," Woolard said.
The FCA will seek to develop a global regulatory understanding for fintech through bodies such as the Financial Stabilty Board, which coordinates regulation for the Group of 20 Economies (G20), and the IOSCO global umbrella group of securities regulators.
(Editing by David Goodman)
LONDON (AP) " Southampton is the latest English soccer team to fall under Chinese ownership.
Jisheng Gao, chairperson of Chinese sports investment company Lander, has bought an 80 percent stake in Southampton with daughter, Nelly Gao, for 210 million pounds ($272 million), a person familiar with the deal told The Associated Press on Monday.
The person spoke on condition of anonymity because details of the transaction are confidential. Southampton only announced that the Gao family has concluded talks to become a "partner" in the Premier League club, which has been owned by the Liebherr family from Switzerland since 2009.
"Together, we have the passion and motivation to build on Southampton's excellent progress in recent years as we look forward to an exciting next chapter for the club," Jisheng Gao, who is involved in leadership positions across soccer in China, said in a statement.
Advertisement
Lander Sports Development, the company chaired by Gao, was not mentioned in the statement. Ralph Krueger, a former ice hockey player and coach, is set to remain as chairperson of Southampton.
"For now it is business as usual at Southampton Football Club and we must allow everyone at the club to focus on the first few weeks of the new season," said Katharina Liebherr, who inherited ownership of the south-coast club in 2010 after the death of their father, Markus.
"I would like to thank the passionate supporters of the club for their ongoing loyalty and faith, and I look forward to seeing you soon at St Mary's."
Southampton, which opened the Premier League season by drawing 0-0 with Swansea on Saturday, has won plaudits across English soccer for its ability to bring through young talent. It reached its first major final in 38 years last season when it was denied the League Cup in a narrow loss to Manchester United.
Southampton is the fifth club in England's top two divisions to be owned by Chinese investors, joining West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League, and Aston Villa, Birmingham and Wolverhampton Wanderers in the League Championship.
___
More AP Premier League coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/PremierLeague
Come the summer months, it's not just fashion brands and the beauty industry gearing up to share their creative talents and put a stamp on summer style with nifty branding – winemakers and distillers see their label and packaging design as important elements too.
Whether inspired by sun-scorched beaches, flora and fauna from faraway lands, or a wine app complete with virtual reality for a super-contemporary take, these limited-editions and artistic labels stand out from the crowd and are beautiful on the inside and out – so you can enjoy drinking them and admiring them!
(Grey Goose/PA)
Here are a few of our favourites, which have been shaped by (cask) treatments, the intricacies of a palm print design and dressed in summer brights – this season's most fashionable shade.
1. Ciroc Limited Edition Summer Colada Vodka (£39.99, 70cl, Selfridges)
(Ciroc/PA)
With pink flamingos, swaying palm trees and showy hibiscus, Ciroc Colada has been given an exotic makeover that's as radiant as the distinctive blend of vodka infused with coconut, pineapple and tropical notes inside. Enjoy neat on the rocks or in a sundowner, Panama hat optional.
2. Rock Rose Gin Summer Edition (£37.50, 70cl, Dunnet Bay Distillers)
(Dunnet Bay Distillers/PA)
In tune with the seasons, gin lovers eagerly await Dunnet Bay's periodic releases – and nothing signal's summer like their citrus forward infusion of lemon balm, lemon verbena and lemon thyme to build the gorgeous citrus elements, without the need for peel. Foraged from their distillery gardens, clover adds a touch of sweet earthiness, meadowsweet for a honeyed nose and elderflower for good measure.
3. Private Beach Rosé 2017, France (£9.99, Laithwaites)
(Laithwaites/PA)
There'll be a wave of excitement when you add a splash of this stunning rosé to your favourite poolside stemware. The chic label is redolent of the fanciful beach umbrellas you find on the French Riviera, and the wine is just as engaging. A pale blush with subtle raspberry and strawberry flavours, the crisp finish lends plenty of freshness. Best of all, you'll feel like you're in the best beachfront hotel without having to tip for waiter service.
4. Grey Goose Limited Edition Quentin Monge Vodka (£40, Sainsbury's – available from July)
(Grey Goose/PA)
Another bottle inspired by the Côte d'Azur (after all, who doesn't long to escape to this summer playground?), Grey Goose have teamed up with French artist Quentin Monge, who grew up in the heart of the Riviera. Famous for their illustrations of bikini-clad women and minimalist characters, Monge's bottle-adoring design features blue and white striped parasols to mirror the ones that line the sun-kissed coast of St Tropez and Cannes.
5. Malfy Gin Range, Italy (from £25.85-£27.95 each, 70cl, 31Dover.com)
(Malfy/PA)
Italian gin brand Malfy have also gone one step further by dressing their glorious gin in frosted bottles with eye-catching rings, to mirror the deep turquoise waters of the Amalfi Coast. With four expressions to choose from, Malfy Originale is a classic dry style made with Italian juniper and five other botanicals, while Con Limone has a distinct citrus element as the name suggests, Con Arancia headlines Sicilian blood oranges, and Gin Rosa features the likes of pink grapefruit and rhubarb.
6. XECO Fino Sherry, Jerez, Spain (£15.95, 75cl, Master of Malt)
(XECO/PA)
Bone-dry, fino sherry is very voguish right now and we love the look of this cutting-edge bottle. Pronounced ‘sec-co', Spanish for dry, it's made from the palomino grape and aged for four years in American oak to create the fresh, savoury, tangy style that should be served well chilled in a large wine glass. High quality and food-friendly, it tastes just as delicious with a bowl of olives and serrano ham as it does with a packet of salt and vinegar crisps, which are notoriously difficult to match with wine.
7. Finca Decero The Owl and The Dust Devil 2015, Argentina (£138 for a case of six, Amazon)
(Finca Decero/PA)
Meet the latest wine app that combines augmented reality with an animation film and comes to life when held against the label. Cited as the ‘ultimate dinner party wine' – with a multi-sensory experience which begins by either touching the screen to move the owl, or blowing it to form the Dust Devil – we think this would make a great gift for wine lovers celebrating a special birthday or anniversary. The Bordeaux-style blend of malbec, cabernet sauvingnon, petit verdot and tannat is a broad shouldered red with excellent structure that's built to last, offering great ageing potential.
© Press Association 2018
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL, June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in their quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries.
April 28 Cempra Inc
* Cempra reports first quarter 2017 financial results and provides corporate update
* Q1 loss per share $0.44
* For quarter ended March 31, 2017, Cempra reported a net loss of $22.9 million, or $0.44 per share
* As of March 31, 2017, Cempra had cash and equivalents of $202.8 million and 52.4 million shares outstanding
* Expects research and corporate expenses to trend significantly downward beginning in Q2 of this year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
STRASBOURG, France: French far-right leader Marine Le Pen is too extreme, but centrist Emmanuel Macron is too young. Conservative Francois Fillon cannot be trusted, Socialist Benoit Hamon is the establishment, and communist-backed radical Jean-Luc Melenchon, too risky.
Just a week before the French cast their first votes for the next president, this is how the many undecided voters view this year's cast of candidates: with abject disappointment.
Marc Jaurena lives in the northeastern city of Metz but drives nearly an hour to work in Luxembourg, 63 kilometers away.
“For me, working in Luxembourg, my job will be directly impacted by a Marine Le Pen election,” Jaurena said, as the far-right leader has pledged that, if elected, they will pull France out of the euro currency and hold a referendum on whether the country should leave the EU.
The 34-year-old Jaurena said they have also been scandalized by the fake jobs scandals that have embroiled not only Le Pen, but also Fillon.
Fillon's campaign has been rocked by multiple scandals over expenses and conflicts of interest, including allegations that they gave their wife suspected fake jobs as a parliamentary assistant, for which they were paid a total of 680,000 euros ($725,000).
As for Le Pen, the European Parliament has accused their far-right National Front (FN) of using funds allotted for parliamentary assistants to pay staff for party work in France.
They have dismissed the investigation into FN's expenses, saying it is a plot to derail their campaign bid.
Jaurena is also unmoved by the ethos of the communist-backed eurosceptic Melenchon, and by what they called Macron's “brainwashing”.
“I know who I won't vote for, but I don't know who I'll vote for,” they said.
‘Rocked by scandals'
 They are among the nearly 40 percent of voters who have yet to decide which way they'll vote – or even if they'll show up at all on election day next Sunday.
“This election is unusual. The campaign is rocked by scandals,” political scientist Richard Kleinschmager told AFP.
“The situation has become too complex to get people engaged”.
Voters' indecision has reinforced the uncertainty of this year's two-round presidential election, in which four candidates – Le Pen, Macron, Melenchon and Fillon – are neck-and-neck for the first round of voting on April 23.
Polls give each between 19 and 23 percent of votes.
The top two candidates from that vote will go forward to the second-round run-off on May 7.
“For me, it's unclear,” said 41-year-old Fabrice Blanchard, a commercial agent in Lorraine. “Macron, we don't know if they are of the right or the left”. As for Hamon, “he is from the outgoing government,” which has been marked by high unemployment and low growth.
Only 17 percent of voters questioned in an Ipsos poll in February gave high marks to France's democratic system.
‘Outraged by scandals'
In the western city of Rennes, Pierre, 28, voted for the then President Nicolas Sarkozy in 2012, but they are leaning towards Macron this time around, “because he's young”.
But for retired teacher Jeannette, 77, who is among the undecided voters, Macron is “too young”.
“Undecided voters are a feature of this election,” Kleinschmager said. “Voters from the two major parties have been thoroughly weakened.”
Francoise, the daughter of a former mayor in the eastern province of Franche-Comte, said they would have voted for Fillon “if there hadn't been the scandals”.
“Honesty in life and in politics, it's essential,” the 54-year-old pharmaceutical worker said.
“My father was mayor of a town, and when I made copies at city hall, they took out money to pay for them.
“So then when we see the Fillon family… I am outraged by the scandals”.
There is a danger in having so many undecided voters at this late stage, said Kleinschmager.
“The danger is when we don't know what to hold on to,” they said. “So, we grab a lottery ticket while telling ourselves ‘why not'. That lottery ticket is Marine Le Pen”.
An Ipsos poll for the daily Le Monde out Friday showed Macron and Le Pen – who have been neck-and-neck for weeks at the head of the pack – on 22 percent for the first round.
AFP
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
Water rushes down the Oroville Dam spillway in Oroville, California. State engineers on Thursday discovered new damage to the Oroville Dam spillway, the tallest in the US.
OROVILLE, California: Nearly 200,000 people living below the tallest dam in the United States, near Oroville in Northern California, were urgently ordered to flee their homes on Sunday after a spillway appeared for a time to be in danger of imminent collapse.
Authorities issued the abrupt evacuation orders in the mid-afternoon, saying that a crumbling emergency spillway on the Lake Oroville Dam could give way and unleash raging floodwaters onto a string of rural communities along the Feather River.
“Immediate evacuation from the low levels of Oroville and areas downstream is ordered,” the Butte County sheriff said in a statement posted on social media. “This is NOT A Drill.” The California Department of Water Resources said on Twitter at about 4:30pm PST (0030 GMT Monday) that the spillway next to the dam was “predicted to fail within the next hour.” But several hours later the situation appeared less dire as the spillway remained standing.
The water resources department said crews using helicopters would drop rocks to fill a huge gouge in the spillway.
Authorities were also releasing water to lower the lake's level after weeks of heavy rains in the drought-plagued state.
By 10pm, state and local officials said those efforts had paid off and, with water no longer flowing over the eroded spillway, the immediate danger had passed. But they cautioned that the situation remained unpredictable.
“Once you have damage to a structure like that it's catastrophic,” Bill Croyle, acting director of the Water Resources, told the press conference.
Butte County Sheriff Korey Honea said at a separate news briefing that they were told by experts earlier on Sunday that the hole that was being created in the spillway could compromise the structure. Rather than risk thousands of lives, the sheriff said, a decision was made to order the evacuations.
Still, evacuation orders remained in place for 188,000 people in Oroville, Yuba County, Butte County, Marysville and nearby communities.
The Yuba County Office of Emergency Services urged evacuees to travel only to the east, south or west. “DO NOT TRAVEL NORTH TOWARD OROVILLE,” the department said on Twitter.
Evacuation centers were set up at a fairground in Chico, California, about 20 miles northwest of Oroville, but major highways leading south out of the area were jammed as residents fled the flood zone.
California Governor Jerry Brown issued an emergency order that they said would bolster the state's response.
“I've been in close contact with emergency personnel managing the situation in Oroville throughout the weekend and it's clear the circumstances are complex and rapidly changing,” Brown said.
The Oroville dam, whose structure remains sound, is nearly full following a wave of winter storms that brought relief to the state after some four years of devastating drought. Water levels were less than 7 feet (2 meters) from the top of the dam on Friday.
State authorities and engineers on Thursday began carefully releasing water from the Lake Oroville Dam some 65 miles (105km) north of Sacramento after noticing that large chunks of concrete were missing from a spillway.
Governor Brown asked the Federal Emergency Management Agency on Friday to declare the area a major disaster due to flooding and mudslides brought on by the storms.
The earthfill dam is just upstream and east of Oroville, a city of more than 16,000 people.
At 770 feet (230 meters) high, the structure, built between 1962 and 1968, is the tallest dam in the United States, besting the famed Hoover Dam by more than 40 feet (12 meters).
— Reuters
ROAD PROJECT: Bundaberg Region Mayor Jack Dempsey at the Kay McDuff extension site to the Bundaberg ring road.
THE Bundaberg Regional Council handed down its 2017/18 Budget this morning giving ratepayers an average rise of 3.45%.
Coupled with the rise is an annual $50 Community an Environment Charge.
Mayor Jack Dempsey praised the council for adopting the budget which includes a $130m capital works spend.
Cr Demspey said the spend was to keep momentum and increase jobs growth in the region.
Below is their speech:
Good morning Councillors, CEO and staff, ladies and gentlemen and media representatives.
Adopting the annual Budget is an extremely exciting time not only for the Council but also our great community.
Council budgets are premised on community consultation and designed on community expectation.
Community consultation through our Community Reference Groups have been extremely beneficial while documents including our recently updated 5-year Corporate Plan, our long term vision captured in the report and Council's Economic Development Plan provide key information.
When you view these future focussed reports in tandem with community expectation for Council to maintain the standard of services already supplied across numerous operational areas, you begin to appreciate the spread of financial engagement required through Council's annual budget.
Today ladies and gentlemen, I can announce that Council's 2017-2018 budget comprises a combined capital and recurrent expenditure of 250.6 million dollars.
Council anticipates ending the next financial year with an operating surplus of $7 million and Community assets with a net value of $1.884 billion.
To gather the resources to fund Council programs the average urban residential general and utility rates will increase by 3.45%.
Council is tasked with substantially funding the huge cost of sewerage infrastructure through ratepayer generated revenue. Gone are the days of government support for this essential infrastructure.
I must mention that in addition to building a major facility at Rubyanna, Council is also aware that a significant amount of its existing infrastructure is under some duress for maintenance or significant upgrading. Resources need to be accrued to facilitate that maintenance. Thankfully new technology is playing a major role in allowing a very cost effective means of re-sleeving water and wastewater infrastructure.
In relation to Discounts
All discounts and concessions will continue. Early payment and pensioner discounts amount to $8.3 million from our rates levy.
Waste and Recycling Vouchers
Council will introduce a flexible and cost saving voucher system. Each ratepayer will receive two vouchers that entitles the holder to access local waste facilities at times of their choosing throughout the year.
Record Capital Works Program
It is incumbent on Council to maintain the momentum it has established over the past 12 months.
Our record $130 million dollar Capital Works budget will see:
$32 million invested in sewerage
$24 million in road infrastructure
$22 million in major projects such as Rubyanna and the CBD revitalisation
$6 million will be invested in stormwater drainage to address the many legacy drainage issues existing across our region
Turning to Community Revitalisation and Future Planning
$8 million will be invested in the first stage of the CBD revitalisation. This is our shopping heart which encompasses our financial and services sectors. We have a beautiful city centre and Council, in conjunction with all stakeholders, will strive to put a new shine on a true diamond.
Smart City technology will also be to the fore with a major facelift planned for the Burnett Heads CBD. Council is seeking grant funds of almost $5 million to undertake this important work. Burnett Heads is an emerging community with the Port, State Development Area and Mon Repos key factors in the economic future of the Bundaberg Region.
Council's substantial investment in Clean Energy will continue with solar initiatives on all new infrastructure and installation of charging ports for electric cars at locations like the Multiplex and Childers.
Major Projects
Work will continue into this new budget year in finalising work on Stage 2 of the Bundaberg Multiplex and the 71 million dollar Rubyanna Wastewater Treatment Plant. Both these projects represent economic drivers for the Bundaberg Region with local contractors heavily involved in both projects. The ongoing economic value of the Multiplex as a major events venue and of Rubyanna as a catalyst for development demonstrate the value of these projects to the Bundaberg Region. More than $100 million has been invested - mainly by Council - in these two projects.
Parks, Gardens and Pathways
More than 6.2 million dollars will be invested across Parks, Gardens and Pathways to provide recreational opportunities and promote a healthy lifestyle across the Bundaberg Region. Council will continue its investment in open spaces which this year will see the development of several off leash dog areas to cater to community lifestyle needs. Major improvements are also underway at the Botanic Gardens and I am delighted to see one million dollars being invested in providing an entrance statement to showcase East Bundaberg tourist attractions.
Community and Environment Charge
Our residents are being asked to support a new initiative of Council with the introduction of a 25 dollar half yearly charge.
The funding will continue our growth and protect our enviable lifestyle. The positive gains of the last 12 months must be continued to meet community expectation and take advantage of funding opportunities as they arise.
The Bundaberg Region encompasses some of the most magnificent natural assets of any region along the Queensland coastline.
Our community is growing and along with that growth are expressed aspirations to enjoy more and improved facilities.
Council recognises that securing our natural assets and developing community assets outside the scope of the annual budget requires additional unallocated resources.
It is imperative that we commence to fund environmental challenges such as the impact of invasive weeds and pest plants or the damage to our beaches and waterways through occurrences such as erosion. Having the capacity to engage with Clean Energy or Smart City technology and opportunities to improve our built environment is also an avenue of consideration for funding through this charge.
We need these funds to leverage opportunities as they arise in State or Federal Government Grants.
At $50 per year the Community and Environment Charge is less than a dollar per week.
Debt situation
Council proposes to borrow 33.75 million dollars to fund major projects. Council has applied for grant funding to offset the need to borrow and if successful in the grant applications the scheduled borrowings will be significantly reduced. Council's current debt situation is slightly under $53 million which is well within Council's financial capacity to manage when compared to Council's strong asset base of more than 1.8 billion dollars.
Ladies and gentlemen, as I draw towards the end of the budget presentation I would like to express my appreciation to our dedicated staff who worked through the budget process. I also thank the CEO and Senior officers for their professionalism and insight. Thank you also to my fellow Councillors for the endurance they have exhibited in the many long hours around the meeting table, the robust debate, the willingness to achieve consensus and ultimately the formation of the Budget.
In closing, I would like to make the following observation.
The Bundaberg Region is a fantastic location to live, work, play and invest.
Council is aware of its responsibility to its residents, to the direction we lead our community and the legacy we create.
Council is charged with identifying the opportunities essential for the Bundaberg Region to achieve its potential.
We have, at times, worn unwelcome tags. Well, we are bucking the trend.
Council simply seeks its fair share of the tax pie for the benefit of our residents and the growth of our region. Currently the Federal government takes 80 percent of taxes, the State 16 percent and Local Government - your Council - just 4 percent.
We continue to request partnerships with State and Federal Government but if those requests go unanswered we will not be deterred from the goals we must achieve.
There is a magnificent mood of optimism humming within this region.
Council has played a role in this as we seek to establish the framework that promotes investment and development.
The ball is rolling - the momentum and the confidence has been established.
We all have a stake in this magnificent region.
As a Council, we will make it the best it can be.
I commend the Bundaberg Regional Council Budget 2017/2018 for adoption.
March 31 Da An Gene Co., Ltd. of Sun Yat-sen University :
* Says the co proposed to pay a cash dividend of 0.45 yuan for every 10 shares as the dividend payment plan for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/FIimOV
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
When Oakman Inns was founded 12 years ago by its CEO, Peter Borg-Neal, their vision was that they would not only create a highly-regarded, very successful business but that Oakman Inns would be a sustainable organisation that would contribute to its local community rather than exploit it.
Oakman, which runs The Navigation at Thrupp Wharf in Cosgrove, is ditching straws this weekend.
Oakman Inns are banning straws for Earth Day
As the company's many awards and accolades testify, Oakman has consistently achieved those aims. However, over the years that vision has broadened to encompass a much more holistic approach to sustainability and the Oakman team always believes there is more to do.
Which is why Mr Borg-Neal and their colleagues are launching their own BAN THE STRAW campaign - #banthestraw - on Earth Day this Saturday April 22, declaring “we believe straws suck”.
The company currently uses over 100,000 plastic straws a month across its 17-strong group. While the company is highly-rated by The Sustainable Restaurant Association for its many green policies including plastic, glass and container recycling, the sheer number of straws consumed had begun to be a concern.
“Our monthly straw consumption sounds enormous, but compared to the estimated 500m straws that are used and discarded in the USA every day, it's still a hugely dangerous and an everlasting drop in the ocean. And that is rather the point, “explains Peter. “It sounds ridiculous, but it is entirely accurate to say, that every plastic straw that was ever made, still exists today. They pollute landfills, rivers, roadsides, sewers, beaches and of course oceans and this relatively small amount that this pub group is taking out of circulation, needs to be repeated by every one of my colleagues across the hospitality industry.”
Peter Borg-Neal CEO of Oakman Inns
If customers ask for a straw, they will, of course, be offered an eco-friendly alternative, as Oakman is entirely sympathetic to their customers' wishes.
Alex Ford, Oakman's operations director, said; “From 2020, all plastic cutlery and plates will be banned in France. Bangladesh was the first country in the world in 2002 to ban plastic shopping bags and California banned single-use plastic bags in 2014. Yes, the UK has introduced a charge for plastic carrier bags and has banned microbeads, the tiny plastic balls used in cosmetics and cleaning products, but I believe we all have to do more. Because pretty soon, every fish we eat will have ingested some plastic and that will become a truly global environmental disaster that will probably be impossible to solve.”
Peter added: “At Oakman we try to live by our values every day, and we hope that those values and our commitment to sustainability means that everyone here is contributing to a better future for us all.”
April 12 Shilpa Medicare Ltd
* Says USFDA issued EIR for company's active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) manufacturing facilities located at Raichur
* Submitted a detailed corrective and preventive action (CAPA) plan to regulator within stipulated timelines in response to form 483
* Says inspection has now been closed by US FDA
* Says US FDA has reviewed CAPA and has found them acceptable Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — A judge has dismissed a lawsuit filed by a Utah Muslim leader who said they were wrongly placed on a government watch list and temporarily blocked from leaving Kenya with their family last summer.
The lengthy screening process undergone by Yussuf Abdi on flights since the trip is inconvenient but not unconstitutional, U.S. District Judge Dee Benson wrote in the decision Monday.
While the right to travel is protected by the Constitution, "the Supreme Court has not recognized a right to convenient or unimpeded travel," Benson wrote.
Lawyers for Abdi, an imam and U.S. citizen, said the screening is more than an inconvenience. They haven't decided if they'll appeal the ruling.
Advertisement
"As Yussuf Abdi's experience makes clear, being on a terrorist watch list can separate citizens from their families," attorney Gadeir Abbas said Tuesday.
The lawsuit helped bring Abdi home from Kenya last year, and air travel has been easier since the case was filed, Abbas said.
The suit was filed after Abdi went to Kenya to bring back their wife and five children, who had received visa approval to join them in the U.S.
Abdi was initially blocked from boarding the plane back to the U.S. but was eventually allowed to return two days later, after their lawyers went to court and the U.S. attorney's office in Utah intervened on their behalf.
Since then, he's taken three trips, including a religious pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia, and been subjected to long security checks that indicate he's on a government list of people identified for extra scrutiny, according to court documents.
The lawsuit alleged Abdi was added to a watch list in 2014 that let them fly but required extra security measures. They asked to be removed, arguing they had no criminal record and no reason to be on the list.
Abdi has lived in Utah for six years and is the imam of Salt Lake City's Madina Masjid Islamic Center.
New Delhi [India], Oct.6 (ANI): In keeping with India's commitment to implement recommendations of 2015 Final Report on Action 13, titled "Transfer Pricing Documentation and Country-by-Country Reporting", the Department of Income Tax has invited comments from stakeholders and the general public.
It has said that these comments and suggestions on draft rules must be sent by October 16 electronically at e-mail address dirtpl1@nic.in.
Rules on country-by-country reporting were identified under the OECD Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) Project, Section 286 of the Income-tax Act, 1961 and was inserted vide Finance Act, 2016, providing for furnishing of a country-by-country report in respect of an international group by its constituent or parent entity.
Section 92D of the Act was also amended vide Finance Act, 2016 to provide for keeping and maintaining of Master File by every constituent entity of an international group, which was to be furnished as per rules prescribed in this regard.
Accordingly, subsequent to the aforesaid amendments to the Act, it has been proposed to insert rules 10DA, 10DB and form nos. 3CEBA to 3CEBE in the Income-tax Rules, 1962 ('the Rules'), laying down the guidelines for maintaining and furnishing of transfer pricing documentation in the master file and in the country-by-country report.
In this regard, draft notification providing for the insertion of rules 10DA & 10DB and form nos. 3CEBA to 3CEBE has been framed and uploaded on the website of the Department www.incometaxindia.gov.in for comments from stakeholders and general public, said Surabhi Ahluwalia, Commissioner of Income Tax (Media and Technical Policy) and official spokesperson of the CBDT. (ANI)
They were joined by stars including Jason Donovan and Matt Cardle.
Strictly Come Dancing head judge Shirley Ballas has turned their appraising eye over a new musical based on Baz Luhrmann's hit film Strictly Ballroom.
The TV star sported a plunging gown with a dark green bodice and pale green skirt for the opening night of the show at the Piccadilly Theatre in London.
Shirley Ballas arriving at the Piccadilly Theatre (Matt Crossick/PA)
The show stars former Pop Idol winner Will Young, Jonny Labey and Zizi Strallen.
Ballas was joined at the theatre by Jason Donovan, a former contestant on Strictly Come Dancing, who was accompanied by their wife Angela.
Jason Donovan and wife Angela (Matt Crossick/PA)
Beauty And The Beast actor Luke Evans, former X Factor winner Matt Cardle and Luhrmann's costume designer wife Catherine Martin were also on the red carpet.
Catherine Martin (Matt Crossick/PA)
Luhrmann themselves has been present for rehearsal with the show's director and choreographer Drew McOnie and earlier tweeted: “Dropped in on a rehearsal of @DrewMcOnie's joyous production of @strictlystage which has audiences dancing in the aisles! Opens tonight at the Piccadilly Theatre.”
Dropped in on a rehearsal of @DrewMcOnie's joyous production of @strictlystage which has audiences dancing in the aisles! Opens tonight at the Piccadilly Theatre https://t.co/AK4mOxEAsh #strictlyballroom pic.twitter.com/z18dyg44wR — Baz Luhrmann (@bazluhrmann) April 24, 2018
Strictly Ballroom The Musical is booking at the Piccadilly Theatre until October.
© Press Association 2018
What does the winter weather have in store for you? There's good and bad news in NIWA's latest outlook
Find out all the information for your region in NIWA's May to July outlook.
UPDATE 1-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
By Sindhu Chandrasekaran March 31 Most Southeast Asian stock markets edged down in sluggish trade on Friday, in line with broader Asia, but Indonesia eked out some early gains to hit a record high for the second time this week. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan retreated 0.5 percent, as investors balanced positions on the last day of the quarter, but was on track for a near 13 percent gain year to date. "At this point, the end of the quarter, most of the markets are simply moving sideways, as they prepare for the second quarter," said Manny Cruz, an analyst with Manila-based Asiasec Equities Inc. Indonesian stocks fell 0.1 percent, after gaining as much as 0.2 percent to hit a record high of 5,606.03 earlier in the session. Indonesia was on track to post a fifth quarter of gains in six, adding 5.5 percent. "The next big catalyst for Indonesia would be the fourth-quarter earnings and S&P's potential rating upgrade by May or June," said Taye Shim, head of research at Jakarta-based Mirae Asset Sekuritas. Credit rating agency Standard & Poor's has a "BB plus" rating on Indonesia - one notch below the investment grade. The country's coordinating minister Darmin Nasution said earlier this month that S&P had no reason to keep Indonesia's credit rating below investment grade. "S&P is still very much in wait and see mode as they have said that they need to be convinced in terms of the fiscal condition in Indonesia and that they are also quite concerned about the low GDP," said Harry Su, an analyst with Bahana Securities in Indonesia, adding that it was not clear whether the rating agency would upgrade. Vietnam shares gained as much as 0.4 percent to hit their highest since February 2008 and were on track for a 9 percent gain for the quarter. Singapore stocks climbed 0.2 percent and were on track to extend gains into a fourth straight quarter, adding 10.3 percent. Financials accounted for nearly half the gains in the current session, with DBS Group Holdings Ltd rising 0.4 percent. Malaysian and Philippine stocks declined 0.3 percent each, with losses in telecom and industrial stocks weighing on the indices, respectively. Malaysia was on track for a 6.2 percent gain on the quarter, while the Philippines, which was headed for its first quarterly gain in three quarters, added 6.9 percent year to date. Thai shares were down 0.1 percent, but were in line to extend gains into a fifth quarter, adding 2.4 percent in the last three months. For Asian Companies click; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS : CHANGE AT 0500 GMT Market Current previous Pct Move close Singapore 3178.6 3173.24 0.17 Bangkok 1579.23 1579.88 -0.04 Manila 7310.7 7332.59 -0.30 Jakarta 5589.587 5592.952 -0.06 Kuala Lumpur 1743.65 1749.25 -0.32 Ho Chi Minh 724.91 723.86 0.15 Change on year Market Current End 2016 Pct Move Singapore 3178.6 2880.76 10.34 Bangkok 1579.23 1542.94 2.35 Manila 7310.7 6840.64 6.9 Jakarta 5589.587 5296.711 5.53 Kuala Lumpur 1743.65 1641.73 6.21 Ho Chi Minh 724.91 664.87 9.0 (Reporting by Sindhu Chandrasekaran; Additional reporting by Urvashi Goenka; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
Media Contact
Rochelle L. Webb
3W Consulting Group LLC
info@3wconsultinggroup.com Rochelle L. Webb3W Consulting Group LLC
End
-- The Harris County Department of Education (HCDE) awarded its five-year contract for CASE for Kids Consultants and Trainers. 3W Consulting Group LLC was one of the companies awarded.HCDE is a service provider for educators and students throughout Harris County. It provides critical services under the direction of a seven-member, elected Board of Trustees responsible to the citizens of our nation's third largest county. HCDE's broad-based programs, developed in conjunction with 25 school districts, are tailored to meet specific needs that education professionals of these districts have identified as being critical to their success.3W Consulting Group LLC is a certified wcj minority and woman-owned management consulting company delivering results through executive coaching, educational consulting, leadership development and assessment, training, business and management consulting, and more. 3W Consulting Group LLC uses real-world business experience to help customers solve their most challenging business problems. They harness the power of their expertise and leadership experiences to develop solutions to meet customers' business challenges.Read more about 3W Consulting Group LLC at http://www.3wconsultinggroup.com
Members of the Binghamton Pride Coalition (BPC) and their supporters were welcomed at the Unitarian Universalist Congregation, Wednesday, as part of the church's belief that all people -- no matter their sexual orientation -- are welcome in the community.
The blessing service began with prayer and song as local residents, of all denominations, spread the message "everyone is loved."
"There are welcoming, affirming, loving congregations that affirm people of all sexualities...we welcome them," said Patricia Raubb, Pastor of Union Presbyterian Church.
Sharing stories of love and heartbreak, persecution and acceptance, speakers promoted the pride they feel in themselves. Hoping to spread love throughout the Southern Tier, tonight's offerings were donated to the BPC.
"It's not often in our society where we have an inclusive, welcoming community,"said Jo Vonrue, Reverend of Unitarian Universalist Congregation.
During a period of time, where being different can be dangerous, services like the one provided by the Unitarian Universalist Church are a beacon of hope for those struggling with their own sexual orientation. Born or choice...it matters not.
"You don't choose love. Love chooses you," said Rabbi Rachel Esserman.
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Nonprofit
• Omaha
• Wecanmakeadifference Industry:
• Non-profit Location:
• Omaha - Nebraska - US
Contact
Erin Kleymann
***@gmail.com Erin Kleymann
End
-- Mick Manley, along with a group of 12 volunteers from the local community grouphave announced a renewed commitment to serving monthly lunches to the homeless at the Siena-Francis House in Omaha.The Siena-Francis House is Nebraska's largest shelter, providing food, clothing and shelter in record numbers to individuals and families from Omaha and surrounding areas.For almost two years, Manley and their non-profithave been providing and serving hot, multi-course lunches at the shelter once a month. "The homeless generally receive pre-set sack lunches, so being able to provide them with multiple menu options to choose from and offering seconds is the least we can do," Manley said. The group of volunteers serves lunch to around 150 individuals at each luncheon, mixing up the menu with fried chicken, pizza, cheeseburgers, dessert and more.Through their non-profit, Manley also holds clothing drives for veterans, donates toys and topped off their last project by donating a 1993 Acura to a resident of the Siena-Francis wcj House. The Siena-Francis Housedoes extraordinary work for the Omaha community, providing more meals and more nights of shelter to homeless men, women and children than all other Omaha homeless shelters."As part of our community outreach efforts, we are always looking to bring on additional volunteers,"Manley noted. "We would love to hear from others in the community that would be willing to assist us in food donations or serving meals, for example."If you would like more information on, please visit https://www.mickmanley.com/ we-can-make- a-difference
For years now, the Chrome browser has reported that it was up to date, even when there was an old copy of the Flash Player embedded in the browser.
I mention this now, because Adobe released a new version of the Flash player today, one that fixes 13 bugs, many of them critical. The usual method of forcing a Chrome update (Help -> About Google Chrome) on Windows and OS X/macOS may or may not update Flash.
You can, however, force Chrome to update Flash by entering
chrome://components
in the browser address bar. Look for the Adobe Flash Player in the list of components. Ignore the status. If the version is anything other than 24.0.0.221, it needs to be updated.
Click on the gray "Check for Update" button and the update happens in a flash (sorry). If you look closely, the status goes from "component downloading" to "update ready" to "Component updated." It literally takes a second.
If all went well, the version should now be 24.0.0.221.
When I first wrote about this last year, I noted that Flash can not be updated this way on Chrome OS. This is still true.
I just checked two Chromebooks. Each was running Chrome OS version 55.0.2883.105 and each claimed that "Your Chromebook is up to date" despite using Flash version 24.0.0.186 which was released back on December 13, 2016.
I guess it depends on your definition of "date".
FEEDBACK
Now that Computerworld, and all parent company IDG's websites, have eliminated user comments, you can get in touch with me privately by email at my full name at Gmail. Public comments can be directed to me on Twitter at @defensivecomput
click to enlarge SCREENSHOT FROM THIS VIDEO
Tim Rakel has fronted a handful of bands over the past fifteen years — the raggedy Bad Folk, the harder-charging Union Electric — but the May Day Orchestra holds a special place in their collected songbook. A songwriter with a burly, stentorian delivery and a desire to tell knotty stories rather than make easy rhymes, Rakel returned with a new May Day lineup at the beginning of 2018, and its albumpinpoints the band's strengths. On the album, Rakel sings of Yusuf bin Hasan, a Kenyan revolutionary who led a massacre in Mombasa in 1631. But for Rakel and their bandmates, the story is launch pad for themes of colonialism and revenge, and with new guitarist Charlie Tabing's searing leads, these songs work as equal parts history lesson, parable and rock song.folk operas, the people's history, Son Volt
NEW YORK — A crude pipe bomb strapped to a man inspired by the Islamic State group went off Monday in a crowded subway corridor near Times Square, injuring the man, slightly wounding three others and snarling the rush-hour commute for hundreds of thousands of New York workers.
Surveillance cameras captured the man walking casually through the crowded passageway when the bomb suddenly went off at 7:20 a.m. amid a plume of white smoke, which cleared to show the man sprawled on the ground and commuters fleeing in terror. Investigators said it was not clear if the bomb was set off intentionally or went off prematurely.
“This was an attempted terrorist attack,” Mayor Bill de Blasio told reporters. “Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve their ultimate goals.”
The suspect, who was identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah, was being treated at a hospital for burns to their hands and abdomen. The others who were injured suffered ringing in the ears and headaches.
Law enforcement officials said Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State group but had apparently not had any direct contact with the group. The officials said they live in Brooklyn and came to the U.S. from Bangladesh about seven years ago on a visa. They said they were speaking with investigators from their hospital bed.
A person briefed on the investigation said Ullah came to the U.S. on an F-4 visa, a preferential visa available for those with family in the U.S. who are citizens or permanent residents, and that they made the bomb in their Brooklyn apartment. They spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Investigators were searching their apartment, interviewing witnesses and relatives and looking for surveillance footage that may show their movements in the moments before the attack.
The explosion, which happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th avenues, triggered a massive emergency response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
Everything around Times Square was shut down, halting what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour at the “Crossroads of the World.”
Authorities said the bomb was a low-tech explosive device attached to the man with Velcro and plastic ties. They were investigating how it was made.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with their shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering their bare midriff. A police officer was holding the man's hands behind their back. Another photo shown on cable channel NY1 showed the bearded suspect, wide-eyed, on a stretcher being loaded into an ambulance.
Elrana Peralta, a customer-service worker for Greyhound, said they work in the Port Authority terminal complex near where the blast happened but did not hear the explosion.
“All we could hear was the chaos,” they said. “We could hear people yelling, 'Get out! Get out! Get out!”'
John Miles, 28, from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. They did not hear the blast either, but saw police react.
“I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out,” they said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. “They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly.”
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion. Instead of commenting on the suspected terror attack, Trump sent a tweet at 9:17 a.m. criticizing a Sunday story in The New York Times that said they watched cable news television for at least four hours a day.
The blast came just weeks after eight people died in New York when another man, also said to be inspired by the Islamic State, drove a rented truck onto a bike path near the World Trade Center.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo said at a news conference following the attack that New Yorkers should be alert but go about their lives.
“Let's go back to work,” they said. “”We're not going to allow them to disrupt us.“
———
Associated Press Writers Jake Pearson and Michael Balsamo in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
LONDON, March 29 (IFR) - Major banks said they won't be rushing their decisions on footprint changes due to Britain's exit from the European Union, but said some staff members will inevitably have to move and some institutions are looking at buying property in other cities.
Britain invoked Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty on Wednesday, which started the two-year process of the country's divorce from the EU. The move did not trigger a rush for banks to reveal their plans, but some updated staff on what was happening.
"This is a complex process and we will not rush into any decisions," two of JP Morgan's most senior executives told staff in a memo seen by IFR.
"We have spent the last several months reviewing the many variables in this process - client needs, employee considerations, regulatory requirements, operational risks, our inventory of licences, political issues in the region and dozens of other factors," said the memo from Daniel Pinto, head of JP Morgan's corporate and investment bank, and Mary Erdoes, head of asset and wealth management.
JP Morgan warned before the Brexit vote it could move 4,000 of its 16,000 staff, potentially affecting staff in London and Bournemouth in the south of the country.
"While our objective in the short term is to limit the number of staff moves, there will inevitably be some staff members who will be asked to consider relocation," the US bank said in Wednesday's memo.
The memo said it had options across the EU in terms of where to move operations and legal entity structure even if Britain loses its ability to passport financial services into the EU.
It will use its existing legal entity structure in the short term so it can immediately do business when Brexit occurs, and said it will continue to make adjustments as the two-year negotiation period proceeds.
Goldman Sachs, another US bank with major European headquarters in London, told staff there would be a "considerable period of time" before the terms of Brexit become clear. "Only when these negotiations are complete will we be able to make long-term decisions with respect to our footprint," Goldman's European CEO Richard Gnodde told staff ahead of Article 50 being triggered.
Gnodde said the bank had been working to prepare for the range of outcomes and will need to take actions in the coming months to keep its options open.
"We have a tightly defined team implementing these contingency plans which will involve upgrading various European locations, including acquiring additional real estate, securing access to market infrastructure and applying for additional licences to conduct business," Gnodde said.
Gnodde said last week the first phase of those contingency plans was likely to involve "hundreds of people" rather than many more than that.
HSBC, Europe's biggest bank, told staff up to 1,000 London-based jobs that support activity in continental Europe may need to move, repeating previous guidance. It has said most of those will move to Paris, and will still leave the bank with 45,000 staff in the UK.
It said it wanted "to ensure our colleagues working outside their home countries have certainty of residency as soon as possible" in the message to staff on Wednesday, seen by IFR.
It added: "We are confident that HSBC's strong position and subsidiary model in Europe will enable us to easily flex to serve our clients' interests."
About two-thirds of major financial firms with operations in Britain are yet to make any public statement about their plans for Brexit, however, according to a study.
Consulting and advisory firm EY said 153 out of the biggest 222 firms with operations in Britain had not said anything about the impact Brexit could have on their domicile, operations or staff location.
EY said 53 of the 222 firms are actively moving some staff members or part of their operations out of the UK, or are reviewing their domicile as a result of Brexit. (Reporting by Steve Slater; Editing by Ian Edmondson)
Guilty verdict in lawyer's bribery case
A lawyer on Friday was found guilty and sentenced to five years in jail – with three of those suspended – for attempting to bribe a judge.
Phnom Penh Municipal Court presiding judge Svay Tonh found Pich Ratana, 43, guilty under Article 518 of the criminal code, but gave the lawyer 30 days to appeal.
Liv Sovann, one of five defense attorneys representing Ratana, maintained their client had not attempted to bribe a judge, arguing that the money was meant to secure bail for clients and any other possible use was merely theoretical.
“The money, itself, was for bail. In case the judge didn't agree on bail, they only thought about the alternative,” Sovann said. “So, it is a thinking stage, not an offense stage . . . The law doesn't punish anyone when nothing has been committed.”
Ratana was arrested on May 31 at the Olympic Stadium by Anti-Corruption Unit officers after showing up with $5,000 cash received from their client Sang Sary to secure bail for them and their husband, Pam Sokna.
The couple, in jail over a case involving a plot of land, filed the corruption complaint against Ratana.
Nine years Capetonians have waited to savour the All Blacks in their backyard.
The All Blacks have ventured to Durban (twice), Johannesburg (five times), Bloemfontein and Port Elizabeth before returning to Cape Town, the most beautiful and second largest city in South Africa.
From Robben Island to Table Mountain; Lion's Head, Camps Bay, Cape Point where the Atlantic and Indian Oceans meet, to neighbouring Stellenbosch and gateway to the picturesque Garden Route, Cape Town really is a slice of paradise.
Yet despite their long absence, this weekend's test at Newlands could be the All Blacks' last at the world's second oldest rugby venue.
Advertisement
The Weekend Herald understands there are no plans to take them back anytime soon, and rumours are rife rugby will eventually move from Newlands to the modern Cape Town Stadium on the waterfront which seats almost 20,000 more fans.
Why has it been so long since the All Blacks played in Cape Town?
High-ranking South African rugby officials point to the fact this test sold out in one hour as evidence the All Blacks are a major drawcard. They suggest revenue is important -- that 52,000 does not do this match justice.
Yet when the All Blacks thrashed the Boks at Kings Park in Durban last year the crowd was the same. And in the three years in a row (2013-15) they played in Johannesburg, only 10,000 more jammed Ellis Park.
The only genuine argument in terms of significantly boosting crowds comes when the All Blacks are taken to Soweto. In 2012, the All Blacks attracted 88,000. Two years earlier, when Ma'a Nonu and Israel Dagg combined to ruin John Smit's 100th test at the death, 94,000 packed Soccer City.
So, no, crowd size and revenue is not the main deterrent. The belief that the Boks have a much better chance of upsetting the All Blacks at altitude, along with the hostile, intimidating nature of Ellis Park where fruit and other objects used to be thrown at the visiting team bus, also played their part. But those, too, were not the ultimate barriers.
The reasoning could be seen from the moment the All Blacks arrived in Cape Town this week. They were swarmed at the airport by adoring, fanatical locals who desperately lunged for treasured autographs or photos. They have even sung the New Zealand national anthem. Such support follows the All Blacks everywhere throughout the week. Sonny Bill Williams, in particular, is treated like a demigod.
"We got an amazing welcome at the airport," All Blacks assistant coach Ian Foster said. "They really get in behind us and it's a pretty special sort of feeling.
"They growled [at] us for not coming back for the last nine or 10 years and all I'd say is it's not our fault. For some reason South Africa don't want to play us here. To come here and have locals singing your national anthem outside your bus is pretty cool."
Many of those locals who gathered at the airport and outside the team hotel comprise a group called the "Cape Crusaders". This is a sizeable minority of coloured fans who gravitate towards the All Blacks -- and Crusaders -- largely because of historical grievances with the apartheid regime, and the Boks' historical links to the past white elite.
This support is generational, and has evolved over time to incorporate a great appreciation for the style of rugby the All Blacks play.
Even now, with the Boks a driving force for transformation, many coloured locals remain staunch in their love for the All Blacks. Those who can't afford to watch the match live will surround Newlands before kickoff.
Springboks centenarian Bryan Habana and Smit have openly taken umbrage with this group. Frustrations not only stem from the vocal support for the All Blacks and Crusaders, but abuse previously directed at the Boks and local Stormers team.
Former Auckland coach Paul Feeney, now assisting the Stormers, has experienced the local affinity with New Zealand first-hand.
"Even at Super Rugby games there are a lot of All Blacks jerseys in the crowd," Feeney said. "The All Blacks have a massive following because of the way they play the game and because of their name. I've been told it has been that way for the past 20, 30 years.
"They worship the All Blacks here. South Africans love their rugby and the Cape colours or Cape Crusaders they love the All Blacks. They haven't been here for nine years so they show that passion even more."
This home away from home atmosphere is the primary reason South African rugby officials have been so reluctant to schedule the All Blacks in Cape Town. Any wonder. Rolling out the red carpet welcome mat for the opposition is not in the playbook.
The All Blacks' absence is encapsulated in the fact that none of their match-day 23 this week were involved the last time they beat the Boks 19-0 at Newlands. Nine years that long; a career for most.
As long as their popularity continues, it could be a similar story by the time the All Blacks next venture back to the Cape, too.
LYON: At least four people died in the French Alps on Monday when an avalanche engulfed nine people who were in an off-piste area near the ski resort of Tignes, rescue services said.
“Five people are still buried under a huge mass of snow,” said a rescue official from nearby Albertville.
The rescue workers initially said they had found two people dead and two alive, but later reported four dead.
The police said the two people found alive appeared to have died shortly after being rescued.
The avalanche, some 400 metres wide, was apparently set off by a group of skiers higher up, the ski station said in a statement.
Two helicopters, rescue workers and sniffer dogs were searching for those missing, in the worst accident in France since the start of this year's ski season.
The accident near Tignes, a major resort near the Italian border, occurred at an altitude of 2,100 metres.
Monday's avalanche risk in the area was listed as three on a scale of five.
Before the avalanche, 13 accidents have been recorded in the Alps and Pyrenees so far this winter, claiming a total of three lives.
Last winter there were 45 accidents and 21 fatalities.
Cricket - India v Australia - India team practice session - M Chinnaswamy Stadium, Bengaluru, India - 03/03/17 - India's captain Virat Kohli dives to catch a ball during a practice session ahead of their second test match. REUTERS/Danish Siddiqui
MUMBAI Former Australia batsman Brad Hodge has apologised to Virat Kohli for comments suggesting the India captain missed the fourth test in Dharamsala to rest their injured shoulder ahead of the Indian Premier League Twenty20 campaign, starting next week.
Kohli was ruled out on the morning of the series-decider against Australia after failing to recover from the injury they sustained in the third test in Ranchi, leaving Ajinkya Rahane to lead India to an eight-wicket victory.
"You would think that your captain would get out there and get amongst the fight and get in there," Hodge, who will coach the Gujarat franchise in the IPL, told Fox Sports while discussing Kohli's absence from the crunch clash.
"You'd hope as a sportsman that he's seriously injured.
"Because if you miss one game of test match cricket and you're fronting up the next week for RCB (Royal Challengers Bangalore) versus whoever... you'd be pretty dirty if they didn't front up to a test match and try and win a valuable series against Australia."
The 28-year-old Kohli said on Tuesday that it would take them a few weeks to be 100 percent fit. They lead the Bangalore side but is likely to miss the start of the IPL when their team takes on defending champions Hyderabad on Wednesday.
Hodge was heavily criticised in India for their comments and opted to address the situation on social media.
"I take this opportunity to apologise to the people of India, cricket fans, the Indian national cricket team and particularly Virat Kohli for my previous comments," Hodge said in a lengthy apology on their verified Twitter account.
"My intention was never to harm, criticise or be derogatory toward anyone. They were intended to be light-hearted comments with the utmost respect to the Indian Premier League which I have thoroughly enjoyed through the years.
"The public and fans have every right to be upset, and the backlash I have received has certainly driven this home."
The hard-fought series between the world's top two sides also witnessed plenty of on-field acrimony, with Kohli declaring that their friendship with Australia's cricketers was over.
(Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly; Editing by John O'Brien)
Meghan Markle's mother, Doria Ragland, is a yoga instructor and social worker who is close to their daughter. Ragland is divorced from Meghan's father, Thomas Markle, who worked as a lighting director for U.S. soap operas.
Meghan Markle's mother Doria Ragland headed to LAX on Christmas Eve; They looked youthful in furry… https://t.co/4o8BqU1AkP @UnitedNewsofUSA pic.twitter.com/1vxhwEcYIJ — United News America (@UnitedNewsofUSA) December 24, 2016
Doria was photographed leaving their Los Angeles-area home for the airport on May 15, 2018.
They drew raves at the Royal Wedding.
The Prince of Wales and Doria Ragland, mother of the bride, depart St. George's Chapel after the #royalwedding. More photos: https://t.co/DgG9A58xH1 pic.twitter.com/yWsF62rK5K — Reuters Pictures (@reuterspictures) May 19, 2018
With news that Meghan Markle will marry Prince Harry breaking on November 27, attention has turned to Markle's family. Meghan's parents divorced when they were six, according to UK Daily Mail. They have written emotionally about their mother and about what it is like being a biracial person (her mother is black, and their father is white). Many sites give their mother's name as Doria Radlan, but, on their Facebook page, Meghan's mother calls themselves Doria Ragland.
According to BBC, Prince Harry, who is the fifth in line to the British throne, and Markle, announced their engagement, revealing the marriage will occur in spring 2018. “They will live at Nottingham Cottage in Kensington Palace, London. The couple, who have been dating since the summer of 2016, secretly got engaged earlier this month,” BBC reported, as the couple posed for photos and Prince Harry and their father declared themselves both “thrilled” by the news.
Earlier, Doria joined Meghan and Prince Harry in a private box to watch the Invictus Games, demonstrating the growing seriousness in their daughter's relationship with the British prince. An engagement is now expected soon. In addition, to their parents, Meghan has half siblings who have generated negative headlines. Meghan and their mother have been photographed together on the red carpet.
According to Daily Mail, “Harry also asked Meghan's parents Thomas Markle and Doria Ragland, who divorced when their daughter was six, for their hand in marriage before popping the question a few weeks ago,” and Meghan's parents said in a statement, “Our daughter has always been a kind and loving person. To see their union with Harry, who shares the same qualities, is a source of great joy for us as parents.”
Here are more photos from the Invictus moment:
Meghan Markle attends Invictus Games closing ceremony with mother Doria Radlan pic.twitter.com/FZ7UpGaV36 — Them Royal Highness (@vaninaswchindt) October 1, 2017
How Prince Harry Charmed Meghan Markle's Mom Doria Ragland https://t.co/DzDbG2yGKq pic.twitter.com/WfqDnxiTHd — Работа на Урале (@Ural_location) October 4, 2017
In 2016, Meghan wrote a tribute to their mom on Instagram, complete with a photo of their mother in a graduation cap and gown. They have spoken about their close relationship. “Always proud of this beautiful woman,” they wrote on Mother's Day. “This was when they graduated from USC with a masters in social work. Honoring my mom, Doria, and all the amazing mamas in our lives.”
It's a family affair! Meghan Markle's mother, Doria Ragland, has flown in from LA for @InvictusToronto – and to spend time with Prince Harry pic.twitter.com/0XgQtQKpbU — Rebecca English (@RE_DailyMail) October 1, 2017
Doria's Facebook page says they work in social work at Didi Hirsch Mental Health Services in California. They say they went to Fairfax High School and lives in Los Angeles.
 They are friends on Facebook with “Meghan Markle Engelson,” which was Meghan's married name (Meghan Markle is divorced from Trevor Engelson). On another mother's day, Meghan referred to their mother on Instagram as their “hot mama.”
According to Hello Magazine, “Meghan is a yoga devotee and began practising at the age of seven with their instructor mother Doria Radlan.” In December 2016, Meghan and their mother were photographed walking together in Toronto with yoga mats.
Doria Ragland was just 16 and an outstanding pupil at Fairfax High School in Los Angeles when … https://t.co/YU2G5jRMaj via @MailOnline — Joyeta E.Anderson (@joyeta_e) November 12, 2017
Suits star Meghan has described their mother as a “‘free-spirited clinical therapist' who took their daughter travelling to remote – often impoverished – places around the world” and once said, “Both my parents came from little, so they made a choice to give a lot,” UK Express reports.
According to the Sun, Tom Markle, Meghan's dad, “is of Dutch-Irish origin, and was born in 1945. Thomas is a former television lighting director working on iconic US shows including Married with Children and General Hospital.” The Sun adds, “In 2011 they won a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Achievement in Lighting Direction for a Drama Series for their work on General Hospital, a long-running US soap. They were married to Meghan's mother, Doria Ragland, in 1979 – but they divorced in 1988.”
Meghan wrote about their childhood in an essay in Elle Magazine. In it, they say that their parents met in the late Seventies when their father “was a lighting director for a soap opera and my mom was a temp at the studio. I like to think they were drawn to their sweet eyes and their Afro, plus their shared love of antiques. Whatever it was, they married and had me.”
They moved to a non-diverse area of LA, where Meghan laments that their mother would be mistaken for the nanny, according to Elle Magazine. Meghan “spent time on film sets as a child because their father Thomas was a lighting director on the series Married with Children and General Hospital,” reports UK Express.
They have described their father as the “most hardworking father you can imagine” and said, “My father was the lighting director on two television shows as I was growing up,” UK Express reports.
According to UK Daily Mail, both of Meghan's parents have filed for bankruptcy; their mother in 2002 “over a $52,750 credit card bill.” Them father is a lighting director thought to be in Mexico, reports Daily Mail.
Join this members-only web briefing on May 16 at 2:00pm ET to hear outcomes from Catholic Charities of Broome County's high-fidelity wrapround program
GETTYSBURG, PA--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - The term "wraparound" was first coined in the 1980's and has been defined in many different ways. The term has been used to described as a philosophy, a treatment approach, and set of services. In recent years, wraparound has been utilized and defined as an intensive, individualized care planning, delivery, and management process. At its core, the wraparound process is an intensive, holistic process for engaging with children and families with complex needs. The wraparound process seeks to achieve positive outcomes for families, caregivers, siblings, and the child. In addition, the wraparound process also targets goals that would increase problem-solving, behavioral change, and family social supports.
Although initially the wraparound process was used in conjunction with residential care, today we find its use is being directed to avoid congregate care in favor of stabilizing children in a community setting. Wraparound services are also being utilized by managed care organizations in partnership with providers to achieve better outcomes.
Join OPEN MINDS senior associate, Howard Shiffman and Lori Accardi, executive director of Encompass Health Home and Catholic Charities of Broome County for this informative, case study-oriented web briefing on May 16 at 2:00pm ET to find out how to implement and utilize wraparound services to improve outcomes for children. Our faculty will showcase how Catholic Charities of Broome County has used high-fidelity wraparound services and the outcomes revealed from their program. During this 60-minute executive web briefing, attendees will:
Understand what high-fidelity wraparound services are and how they are being used
Uncover why the wraparound process has become a popular management and delivery system for children
Hear what managed care organizations hope to achieve in utilizing high-fidelity wraparound services
Explore an in-depth case study on how Catholic Charities of Broome County is using high-fidelity wraparound services to achieve better outcomes
This web briefing is an exclusive event for members of the OPEN MINDS Next Generation Forum On Children's Services. Members can learn more about this executive web briefing, or take advantage of their free online registration at: https://www.openminds.com/event/high-fidelity-wraparound-foster-children/. All registrants will receive (at no charge and regardless of attendance) a recording of the webinar and an electronic copy of the presentation slides at its conclusion.
If you are not a member and would like more information on the OPEN MINDS Next Generation Forum On Children's Services and how to become a member, please contact Wyatt Delaney at OPEN MINDS at wdelaney@openminds.com or visit: https://www.openminds.com/downloads/next-generation-forum-childrens-services/.
ABOUT The OPEN MINDS Next Generation Forum On Children's Services
The OPEN MINDS Next Generation Forum On Children's Services is an online learning community exclusively for executives of organizations providing health and social services for children. With the rapid changes and market challenges face by children's services organizations, this exclusive group provides executives with the market intelligence and management insights needed to effectively prepare their organizations to survive and thrive in the changing children's services marketplace. To learn more about this innovative, new program visit: https://www.openminds.com/downloads/next-generation-forum-childrens-services/.
ABOUT OPEN MINDS
OPEN MINDS is a national health and human service industry market intelligence firm. Founded in 1987 and based in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, the 75+ associates provide innovative management solutions designed to improve operational and strategic performance. Learn more at www.openminds.com.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Cnb Financial Corp:
* REPORTS YEAR END 2017 EARNINGS, HIGHLIGHTED BY RECORD EARNINGS AND STRONG ORGANIC LOAN GROWTH
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.23
* QTRLY NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES $20.7 MILLION VERSUS $18.9 MLN‍​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRESS DIGEST-Canada - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
MERIDIAN, Idaho — Many homeowners have dogs for protection, but an Idaho man's unusual pet proved to be just as effective when fending off a burglar.
Adam Pearl walked into their home on Tuesday and quickly realized something was wrong, KIVI-TV reports.
“I came in the front door and I saw snow prints out in the front driveway going to the back of the house so I thought something was awry because no one usually goes through the yard,” Pearl said.
Pearl's pet squirrel, Joey, greeted them at the door. Pearl then noticed several doors were open inside the home and realized someone had been trying to get into their gun safe.
“And I started looking at it and saw the scratches that are around the locking area. At that point I knew somebody was definitely in here messing around,” Pearl said.
Pearl called police and an officer responded to the home. The officer returned a few hours later with some of Pearl's stolen belongings and some surprising news.
While the officer was questioning the suspect, they noticed they had scratches on their hands.
“She asked them ‘Did you get that from the squirrel?' and they say, ‘Yeah damn thing kept attacking me and wouldn't stop until I left,'” Pearl said.
Joey is being hailed as a hero, and they were rewarded with their favorite treat — Whoppers malted milk balls.
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
(Repeats earlier story, no changes to text)
By Nick Brown
NEW YORK, April 12 Bankruptcy for Puerto Rico is looking ever more likely as the clock ticks down toward a May 1 deadline to restructure $70 billion in debt, ramping up uncertainty for anyone betting on returns from the island's widely held U.S. municipal bonds.
When U.S. Congress last year passed the Puerto Rico rescue law dubbed PROMESA, it froze creditor lawsuits against the island so its federally appointed oversight board and creditors could negotiate out of court on the biggest debt restructuring in U.S. municipal history.
The freeze expires on May 1, however, and an extension by Congress is "not going to happen," said a Republican aide to the House Committee on Natural Resources, which is in charge of territory matters.
A round of mediated talks is scheduled to begin on Thursday. But absent an agreement soon, a growing number of analysts say Puerto Rico will seek protection from creditors under PROMESA's court-sanctioned restructuring process, akin to U.S. bankruptcy.
Forbearance deals could let negotiations continue past May 1, but a source directly involved in the talks said avoiding an eventual bankruptcy is "impossible."
The source, who declined to be named because the talks are private, said parties have grown further apart since Governor Ricardo Rossello took office in January.
The negotiating tactics of Rossello and the board have jarred investors who expected more creditor-friendly approaches from both. The board is pushing debt repayment cuts more than double those proposed by former Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla, a populist whose policies had already alienated creditors.
Disparate stakeholders have united to question the legality of a fiscal turnaround blueprint approved by the board, and to resist mediation efforts.
Hector Negroni, whose Fundamental Credit Opportunities fund holds Puerto Rico debt, said they recalled "constructive comments" from Rossello and board members "about protecting the priorities of creditors" during the board's early days. "But their words are not being followed up by their actions," Negroni said.
Bankruptcy is now "the most likely outcome," said Height Securities analyst Ed Groshans, who increased loss projections for bond insurers like MBIA Inc and Assured Guaranty Ltd in an April 3 note.
Elias Sanchez, Rossello's liaison to the board, said the government holds out hope for at least partial compromise. "We feel very confident we can strike some deals by May 1, maybe not all of them," Sanchez said.
The oversight board is committed to pursuing agreements out of court, its spokesperson, Francisco Cimadevilla, said. "A transaction is always better than a lawsuit," they said.
But with myriad creditor classes competing for priority, compromise over Puerto Rico - once a rising star of U.S. high-yield muni funds - could be tough.
"The more creditors insist that part of their position is that no one fare better than they do, the more difficult that is to effectuate outside of bankruptcy," said restructuring expert Melissa Jacoby, a professor at the University of North Carolina School of Law.
Puerto Rico is trying to escape a crisis marked by a 45 percent poverty rate and rampant emigration.
Since bankruptcy gives debtors the ability to impose payment cuts over creditor objections, it is seen as a negative for bond markets, Jacoby said.
Trading prices of Puerto Rico's benchmark 2035 general obligation bonds have reflected that concern, falling precipitously in recent weeks.
But risk cuts both ways and Sanchez said the government wants to avoid bankruptcy as much as creditors.
Putting Puerto Rico's fate in the unpredictable hands of a judge "could go really bad for the government too," they said. (Reporting by Nick Brown; Editing by Tom Brown)
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) -- A Minneapolis business is providing patrons with a place to sip coffee and play with rescue cats that are up for adoption.
The Cafe Meow opened Feb. 16. The cafe is divided into two areas: a coffee shop on one side and the cat lounge on the other side.
Danielle Rasmussen and Jessica Burge have been working on the business for four years.
The felines can roam freely in the cat lounge and enjoy the jungle gym, nap in cubbies or curl up on couches.
The cats are from local animal rescues and will spend most of their time at the cafe until they're adopted. The cafe can accommodate up to 15 cats at a time.
(Repeats story from late Wednesday without change)
* Swiss watch shipments down 10 pct in 2016
* Luxury brands face dilemma over unsold stock in demand downturn
* Excess inventory often flows into grey market
* Some watchmakers cooperating with unofficial sellers
By Silke Koltrowitz
ZURICH, April 12 A diamond-studded Rolex at 40 percent off the $34,000 retail price or an Omega Speedmaster Moonphase for less than $10,000? While still out of reach for most people, the increasing prevalence of such deals highlights the perplexing predicament in which luxury watchmakers now find themselves.
With sales falling, more unsold timepieces are finding their way from the Swiss-dominated industry's carefully controlled official retail networks to online platforms where they are often offered at steep discounts.
Swiss watchmakers say they loathe this "grey market" because high discounts damage the meticulously crafted aura of prestige and make it harder to sell their goods at the full price.
"In luxury goods, when you break the illusion of prestige, the dream, the prices, it takes away the confidence. It means slow death for luxury goods," Jean-Claude Biver, head of LVMH's watch division, told Reuters at last month's Baselworld watch fair, describing the grey market as the "industry's cancer".
However, a sudden end to a boom in Chinese demand is forcing the brands to begin working quietly with dealers in the grey market, occasionally to help with sales but mostly to secure some influence over the unofficial resellers, according to dealers and industry executives interviewed by Reuters.
"There are many sources for grey market watches: authorised retailers who want to get rid of slow-selling models, country distributors or even the brands themselves," said one watch industry executive who asked not to be named.
They said that in some cases operators in the grey market are cooperating with the brands, removing new models from sale when asked or reducing discounts manufacturers consider excessive.
FREE ADVERTISING
Though representatives of the biggest luxury watchmakers, including Swatch Group and Richemont, refused to discuss their strategy with regard to the grey market, some manufacturers may find that it offers benefits.
"For every timepiece we sell, the manufacturer is getting the lion's share of the profit, and then all the search engine queries, image searches, social media brand posts, tweets and pins are terrific and free (advertising)," said Darryl Randall, founder and owner of United States-based online platform SwissLuxury.com, which they said generates sales of about $10 million in good years.
Another grey market dealer said they will sometimes withdraw watches if asked by manufacturers and that brands regularly offer U.S. dealers packages of 15 or 20 pieces at a discount.
"As much as the brands dislike us, we have more or less the same goals they have -- we also want to sell the goods and be able to make a profit," they said.
Chinese demand for luxury timepieces boomed after the 2008/09 financial crisis, leading to a surge in production and retail prices. But demand has dropped sharply in the past two years as extremist attacks have deterred tourists from visiting Europe, where many of the watches are sold, and China has cracked down on luxury gift-giving by civil servants.
It was difficult to rein in production when demand fell, partly because the watches are put together slowly in stages, meaning production plans are often made two years in advance.
Nobody needs a luxury product, but the brands find that when customers see and touch an intricately crafted watch in an opulent boutique and are drawn into its "story", they will want it so much that the price becomes secondary.
MIXED AVAILABILITY
In the good times, the industry can take home 20 percent of sales as profit and retailers are still left with an attractive margin of up to 45 percent.
But when business tails off, the manufacturers do not allow official retailers to cut sticker prices too far, fearing that big discounts will damage their brands -- a policy that may push cash-strapped retailers to sell to the grey market.
Swiss watch exports fell 8 percent in the first two months of this year, on top of a 10 percent drop last year.
In the grey market sales are often clinched in small, shabby stores or via online platforms that do not have most of the watches in stock and source them only when orders are placed.
Randall said that brands vary in their efforts to keep products out of the grey market. Some of the hardest to source are Patek Philippe and Richard Mille, which both keep a tight rein on production. Audemars Piguet, another independent brand, only distributes certain models through its own boutiques.
"Brands like (Swatch's) Omega and (LVMH's) Tag Heuer are easily available at all times," Randall said.
The unnamed U.S. grey market dealer agreed and said that Richemont's Jaeger-LeCoultre and Vacheron Constantin and Swatch's Breguet are also easy to source.
The United States is the second-biggest market for Swiss watches and is a hub for grey market watches, with online platforms such as Jomashop.com, AuthenticWatches.com and PrestigeTime.com.
"There's a lot of grey market watches coming in from outside the country. The excess of the world's products used to flow to Hong Kong, now it flows to the States," said Danny Govberg, an official U.S. retail partner for Switzerland's biggest brands but who also sells pre-owned watches online.
They confirmed that brands sometimes offer them new pieces to sell as pre-owned but would not name them and said it was only a small share of their flourishing business.
FROM ZURICH WITH A DISCOUNT
The grey market is by no means restricted to the United States. Germany's Chrono24.com has sales offices in both Hong Kong and New York, while a lot of grey market watches are also sold on Amazon and eBay, the unnamed watch industry executive said.
As its name suggests, there are no statistics on the grey market and few dealers are willing to explain how the system works.
Unlike fakes, grey market watches are legal, authentic goods sold by their rightful owners, though they generally come without factory warranties because brands refuse to service watches that are not sold via their official networks.
While that might deter some buyers, other more price-conscious shoppers may actually prefer the convenience of the online platforms that are tempting potential customers with trade-in schemes for old watches, financing solutions, price-match guarantees and their own warranty and service centres.
Randall said they have been sourcing most of their watches in the United States to get them to customers quickly but can also find good deals in Europe thanks in part to the strong dollar.
"We just sold a beautiful Jaquet Droz Eclipse to a Chicago business person and were able to get a great deal and quick shipment out of Zurich. The price was so good we gave them an additional $2,000 discount," Randall said, adding they sold the watch at 22 percent below the list price of $29,300.
Saifullah Kazmi, from Karachi, said they bought a TAG Heuer Carrera at almost half price on Jomashop.com and had a relative bring it to Pakistan, where a local retailer confirmed that it was genuine.
Kazmi was concerned at first about the legitimacy of Jomashop and the absence of a factory warranty, but the big discount tipped the scales, they said. (Editing by David Goodman)
FILE PHOTO: Scott Pruitt, administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), speaks to employees of the agency in Washington, U.S., February 21, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts/File Photo
EAST CHICAGO, Ind. The head of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) toured their first hazardous waste site on Tuesday amid proposed budget cuts that could devastate efforts to clean up contaminated land and water around the country.
Scott Pruitt's visit to East Chicago, Indiana, came a day after the agency denied a report that it was considering closing its Chicago office, which oversees regional environmental protection efforts, including the Flint, Michigan drinking water clean-up and Great Lakes restoration.
“The reason I'm here is because it is important that we restore confidence to the people here in this community that we are going to get it right going forward,” Pruitt told the media after meeting with residents and lawmakers.
Pruitt did not address the report of the possible office closure or how drastic budget cuts would impact the EPA's operations.
They toured a housing complex built on the Superfund site where around 1,000 residents had to leave their homes earlier this year due to lead contamination. Dozens of people held signs on Wednesday urging the EPA to continue clean-up efforts.
The Superfund program was started in 1980 to clean up hazardous waste sites, which now number just over 1,300 around the country.
The White House budget proposal submitted to Congress last month includes a 31 percent cut in spending for the EPA, including a similar reduction of the agency's Hazardous Substance Superfund Account by $330 million to $762 million.
Clean-up would continue in East Chicago, lawmakers said.
Pruitt, "made commitments that we would have it right," Democratic Senator Joe Donnelly said." There is a budget that is sent over and then there is a real budget that is put together. And the real budget will provide the funds necessary to make sure East Chicago is right."
East Chicago, around 25 miles (40 km) outside of Chicago, was home to the now defunct U.S. Smelter and Lead Refinery Inc which contaminated the facility and surrounding areas with lead and arsenic.
Demetra Turner, 44, a resident of the West Calumet Housing Complex who has yet to leave, urged others to keep pressure on the EPA.
"Keep fighting people, keep fighting, because that is what it takes," they said.
(Reporting by Timothy Mclaughlin; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Among the highlights on New Mexico Gameday: A close victory by Texico over Tucumcari and a blowout by Cibola over Piedra Vista.
Watch the above video for more.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
HONG KONG: Most Asian markets started clawing back losses Monday as spiralling tensions over North Korea showed tentative signs of easing and safe haven assets lost momentum.
Fears of a catastrophic confrontation between Washington and Pyongyang were calmed when CIA director Mike Pompeo said Sunday there was “nothing imminent” in the escalating stand-off.
Regional equities were also boosted by a positive lead from Wall Street on Friday, after investors waded back into the market following a three-day sell-off.
Hong Kong rose in afternoon trade Monday after slumping two percent Friday, while Shanghai ended the day higher despite data showing Chinese industrial production slowed sharply in July as government efforts to rein in debt weighed on demand.
However, Tokyo closed one percent down as traders returned from a three-day holiday weekend to play catch-up after Asian and European shares had dropped Friday, with the Nikkei finishing at its lowest level in more than three months.
Investors largely shrugged off official data showing Japan's economy grew by a faster-than-expected one percent in the three months to June, as the accelerating world number three economy marked its longest economic expansion in more than a decade.
“What we're seeing today is relief at the (geopolitical) situation not deteriorating over the weekend, something traders were clearly wary of towards the end of last week,” said Oanda analyst Craig Erlam.
European stocks moved higher at the start of trading on Monday with London, Paris and Frankfurt all in positive territory.
As markets started recovering, the dollar rose against the Japanese currency to about 109.5 yen in afternoon trade — although still off 109.99 yen in Tokyo on Thursday — while gold halted its advance after jumping 2.4 percent last week.
“We're seeing a small unwinding of … risk aversion trades, with gold trading slightly lower and the yen and Swiss franc off against the dollar, pound and euro,” Erlam added.
Indices could reap the benefit of investors returning following losses worldwide last week, triggered after President Donald Trump threatened to unleash “fire and fury” on North Korea, and Pyongyang countered by announcing plans to test-launch missiles toward Guam.
‘Not out of the woods yet'
“There is a still a ‘buy the dips' mentality running through financial markets, assisted by global growth in a good spot (while) global corporate earnings have been strong,” said Chris Weston, chief market strategist at IG Markets.
Seoul, which endured a torrid time last week with stocks losing 3.2 percent, finally broke its four-day losing streak, while Sydney also saw gains.
However, analysts cautioned that with joint South Korean-US military exercises scheduled and North Korea celebrating “Liberation Day” Tuesday, volatility could return to markets.
“We are not out of the woods yet and the situation in North Korea will remain front and centre,” said Weston.
Wall Street had called a halt to the global slump on Friday, with analysts saying the Dow was boosted by weaker than expected consumer price inflation (CPI) figures, seen as reducing pressure on the Fed for an early rate rise.
“Wall Street found some succour in the weaker than expected CPI last Friday. And that seemed to outweigh the increased rhetorical fight between President Trump and Pyongyang,” said Greg McKenna, chief market strategist at CFD and FX provider AxiTrader.
Crude prices were broadly stable in Asia Monday as the market continued to weigh rising global supply against output curbs from OPEC members and other leading producers.
“Oil seems to have found an equilibrium point and as long as we continue to see US inventories decline, it may be content to hold around here,” said Ric Spooner, an analyst at CMC Markets in Sydney.
click to enlarge VIA VINELINK
Michael Hawkins: no legal genius, but you have to give them points for trying.
no one
Sign up for our weekly newsletters to get the latest on the news, things to do and places to eat delivered right to your inbox.
Follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
A Missouri man who apparently thought he'd found a legal loophole large enough to drive an unlicensed motorcycle through was arrested Sunday in St. Clair after riding their bike through the yard of a Knights of Columbus Hall. KMOV reports that Michael Hawkins, 59, was spotted by police while riding their motorcycle through the grass in front of the hall on Route 66 Sunday night. When an officer pulled the resident of Sullivan, Missouri, over to ask why they were doing that, Hawkins hit them with a crafty defense: They told the officer they did not have a driver's license, nor was their motorcycle licensed, so they were sticking to riding through lawns to avoid getting a ticket.There's some logic to the creative legal theory:Ultimately, though, it was a big swing and a miss. When the officer ran Hawkins' name they were found to have outstanding warrants and they were taken into custody.Considering the fact that this incident took place in Franklin County, which just last week was the site of such similarly creative legal defenses as "I was just trying to run over a dog, officer" and "I thought the car that I fired my rifle into as it was driving down the street had different people in it than the ones I shot," Hawkins can be forgiven for thinking they were on to something here. Given the culture of the decidedly wild county, it was certainly worth a try.Hawkins was taken to the Franklin County Adult Detention Center, where they are being held on a $4,500 bond.
An Otara family is being moved out of their state house after a slimy, dripping mushroom sprouted from their kitchen wall.
Nicole Jenkins, 30, has lived in the Housing New Zealand property in Piako St for a year, along with four young children.
Son Moses, 12, said they first noticed a "little pebble" on the kitchen wall last week and told their mum.
"The next day there was a mushroom. It was standing up, it was slimy, it was dripping stuff," Moses said.
Advertisement
Jenkins started Googling mushrooms, fearing any toxic spores could end up in their kids' food. "I was starting to freak out, thinking we're all going to end up in hospital".
The wall backs on to the laundry and had been damp for a few weeks, but the mushroom sprouted during a spell of warm weather. She's since found mushrooms have grown in the pot cupboard too.
The mushrooms aren't the only damp-related problem in the semi-detached wooden house.
Slugs and snails crawl into the cupboards through a hole under the sink, leaving slime in the pots and pans.
Mildew and mould grow on the ceiling, on 1-year-old Johnny's high chair, inside all the cupboards. Jenkins washes the curtains once a month but has just replaced them because the mildew was too bad.
"It doesn't matter how much you clean," they said. "You can be the cleanest person in the world but it happens all the time."
The mushroom Nicole Jenkins found growing out of their kitchen wall at the their Housing NZ property in Otara. Photo / Supplied The mushroom Nicole Jenkins found growing out of their kitchen wall at the their Housing NZ property in Otara. Photo / Supplied
But the latest infestation had them at their wit's end. Jenkins contacted Housing New Zealand last week, eventually going into the office to convince their housing manager to visit the house.
"I said hey this is not on, it's really unhygienic," they said.
"My housing manager came with another lady. They said they'll put the job through - they said it's a 21-day job.
"I said 'I'm not living in this house for 21 days with mushrooms growing out of my wall'. Especially if my baby grabbed one and ate it."
Yesterday the Herald contacted Housing New Zealand about Jenkins' house. A few hours later, decontamination experts arrived at the property along with several HNZ staff.
Last night Jenkins was told the family had to move out by this morning because it was too dangerous to inspect the house while they lived there.
Nicole Jenkins with their children Johnny, 1, and London, 4 at the their Housing NZ property in Otara. Photo / Jason Oxenham Nicole Jenkins with their children Johnny, 1, and London, 4 at the their Housing NZ property in Otara. Photo / Jason Oxenham
HNZ has offered them a motel "which was nice" but she's turned it down in favour of staying with their mum, as they get anxious in places they don't know.
Leaky water pipes might be the cause of the issue, the housing provider told Jenkins.
In a statement Housing New Zealand regional manager Karen Hitchcock said Jenkins called the customer service centre last Thursday.
"We arranged to visit them the next day. Following this visit, a repair job was logged to resolve this issue.
"Our contractors are visiting the property today to examine further and undertake any repairs that may be necessary.
"If any significant work is required, we would look to work with Ms Jenkins and temporarily re-house them and their family, if required."
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
BEIRUT (AP) — Lebanon's police say they have detained a Syrian citizen who was a military commander with the Islamic State group in the central Syrian province of Homs.
The Internal Security Forces said in a statement Tuesday that the man was detained earlier this month in the northern town of Zgharta after entering Lebanon illegally from Syria.
It identified them as a Syrian citizen born in 1982 without giving their name.
The statement said the IS fighter confessed to being "a military cadre" who took part in many battles in Syria including the capture of the historic town of Palmyra that the extremists held for months and destroyed some of its invaluable archaeological sites.
Advertisement
IS carried out many deadly attacks in Lebanon in recent years that left scores dead.
People walk in front of the headquarters of the Brazil's largest fixed-line telecoms group Oi, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, June 22, 2016. REUTERS/Sergio Moraes - RTX2HN8N
São Paulo The judge overseeing the in-court restructuring of Brazilian phone company Oi SA (OIBR3.SA) dropped PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) [PWC.UL] from the case because they believe the firm made accounting mistakes in the biggest bankruptcy filing in the country's history, according to a court document reviewed by Reuters on Friday.
Judge Fernando Cesar Ferreira Viana said in their decision that they had lost trust in PwC after it asked for an extension and committed a "gross error" in compiling a list of Oi's creditors. The judge appointed BDO Consultoria to replace PwC on the case, working in conjunction with law firm Arnoldo Wald.
Representatives for PwC in Brazil declined to comment.
The judge's decision could delay Oi's protracted restructuring process, since the list of its debts must be finalized before creditors can vote on its recovery plan.
Viana said in the ruling that they were suspending an April 4 deadline for PwC to submit the list.
"In case of this magnitude, the biggest in Latin America, which is already quite complex, I do not see any value in a performance not aimed at excellence. There is neither time nor space to waste with the performance of (PwC)," Viana wrote.
The judge said PwC had erroneously overcounted Oi's debts by 2 billion reais ($641 million) because it had registered some creditors twice.
PwC has already received about 30 percent of the total remuneration agreed in its contract after working for eight months, Viana said, adding that it is not owed any further compensation.
(Reporting by Ana Mano; writing and additional reporting by Brad Haynes; editing by Daniel Flynn and Lisa Shumaker)
A manhunt is continuing after an armed man robbed a bank near Dunedin yesterday.
In a statement this morning police said inquiries were continuing after the frightening incident at a BNZ branch in Gordon Rd, Mosgiel.
"Enquiries have established that a man entered the bank, presented what is believed to be a firearm at a teller and demanded money.
"He has left the scene in a dark coloured, two door vehicles with a quantity of cash."
Advertisement
The aggravated robbery in the town just south of Dunedin occurred at 11.30am. Support was being provided to the people who were in the bank at the time.
A scene examination had been completed and police were continuing to speak with a number of witnesses. CCTV footage has also been reviewed.
Anyone who may have seen a vehicle fitting the description and in the Mosgiel area around the time of the robbery, or who might have other information which could help the investigation, should call Dunedin police on (03) 471 4800.
Information can also be shared anonymously on Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
SAN JOSE, Costa Rica (AP) — An international court ruling saying Costa Rica should allow same-sex marriage has upended the Central American nation's presidential race, turning an evangelical candidate who opposes it from an also-ran with just 2 percent in the polls into the leading contender in Sunday's vote.
Following last month's decision by the Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Fabricio Alvarado, a 43-year-old journalist with a prominent career as a preacher and Christian singer, vaulted to 16.9 percent in a survey published Jan. 31 by the University of Costa Rica's Center for Research in Political Sciences, or CIEP.
Alvarado's nearest rivals were Antonio Alvarez of the National Liberation Party with 12.4 percent, and Carlos Alvarado — no relation — of the governing Citizens' Action Party with 10.6 percent. If no candidate tops 40 percent in the vote, the first two finishers advance to a runoff scheduled for April 1.
The same poll showed that just over two-thirds of Costa Ricans oppose the court's ruling, which also tells the country to grant same-sex couples rights such as the ability to adopt children and receive inheritances and other benefits from their partners.
Advertisement
For deeply Roman Catholic Costa Rica, the gay marriage ruling came as an "external shock" to the campaign, political analyst Francisco Barahona told The Associated Press.
"Fabricio is a young candidate, well-spoken with a good on-camera presence, but they were also the only one who reacted in radical opposition to what the Inter-American Court proposed," Barahona said. That "put them on the radar for a good portion of the conservative electorate."
Alvarado has called the ruling a "sovereign violation" and an "external imposition" and even floated the idea of withdrawing from the OAS-sponsored rights court, which is hosted in Costa Rica's own capital, San Jose.
That won tacit approval from evangelical and Catholic leaders who, while prohibited from explicitly participating in elections in the country, have called on voters to back candidates with "Christian values."
About 76 percent of Costa Ricans identify as Roman Catholic and 14 percent as evangelical, according to the CIA World Factbook.
Ana Cecilia Sanchez, a 53-year-old office administrator, is one of many who say they are undecided but would not vote for a candidate who supports gay marriage.
"For me the issue of values and principles is very important for all society, because family is the basis of society. ... You ask yourself what will happen to Costa Rica if Christian values are lost," Sanchez said.
Adrian Pignataro, a political scientist at the University of Costa Rica, said the country has seen a marked erosion in party loyalty and this election has exposed a social divide between secular and religious values.
"It's not that this division is new, they are values that were there before, but in this campaign they were activated by an event and one party strategically came out in favor," Pignataro said.
Pignataro sees a parallel to the 2006 election, when voters were polarized by opposing visions on the economy: one that favored opening to the world amid trade negotiations with the United States, and another more protectionist approach.
Carlos Alvarado, who is not related to Fabricio, is also a young candidate at just 38, a journalist by profession who began their political career as communications director for the Citizens' Action Party and served as labor minister under current President Luis Guillermo Solis.
Their candidacy has been marred by corruption scandals involving people close to Solis' government and a lingering deficit problem.
But as the only major candidate openly backing same-sex marriage, Carlos Alvarado also saw their poll numbers rise about 5 percent recently as they attracted socially liberal voters who oppose Fabricio Alvarado's anti-gay marriage stance.
Alvarez, a 59-year-old agricultural business person, two-time president of the Legislative Assembly and former Cabinet minister under the first presidency of Oscar Arias in 1986-1990, is running on promises to create 150,000 jobs, decrease the deficit and modernize public transportation.
Alvarez has also opposed same-sex marriage, while supporting the idea of recognizing certain other rights for gay couples.
Lawyer and former Security Minister Juan Diego Castro was a front-runner as recently as December as a tough-on-crime candidate. But they fell to fourth in polls as some voters were turned off by their direct attacks during debates and after the gay marriage ruling in January.
Sunday's outcome is very much up in the air with more than two-thirds of likely voters undecided, according to the CIEP poll.
"None of them really grabs my attention," said Berlioth Hidalgo, a 35-year-old cleaning worker who has not yet fixed on any candidate. "In this country it's only fights, corruption, you don't know where the money goes, lots of poor children."
Voters will also be selecting the 57 delegates that make up the Assembly.
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Diplo has a brand-new look, and it's their hottest yet.
Related: Diplo Donates $100k to Vegas Victims' Relief Fund
The notorious DJ took it upon themselves to join Kanye West's Yeezy Season 6 promo campaign, sharing their own inimitable take on a recent photo shoot for the collection.
In case you missed it, the shoot features the likes of Paris Hilton, model Amina Blue and adult film actor Lela Star all posing as Kim Kardashian from a series of famous paparazzi photos.
Diplo hopped on social media to share their very unofficial contribution to the campaign, which is quite frankly, flawless.
See the stunning results below.
Don't just take our word for it. Kim Kardashian themselves has seen the photos, and she's all about them, sharing their response on Twitter.
A topless Diplo rocking a waist-length blond wig is one very hot Diplo. Here's hoping they hold onto this edgy new style for a while.
The Armenians are a proud people. And they have good reason to be proud: Over the millenia, they survived a changing history while retaining their identity, and they were the first people who declared Christianity to be their state religion. All over the world, the Armenian diaspora supports its homeland and ensures its economic survival. Now Armenians can be proud of the past weeks' peaceful revolution. Pressure from the streets forced Prime Minister Serzh Sargsyan to resign — only the beginning of a change they have long pined for.
Corruption everywhere
Sargsyan belongs to a group that came to power after the war over the Nagorno-Karabakh territory along the border with Azerbaijan; ever since, they and a handful of oligarchs has controlled the country's politics and economy. Many elites have profited at the expense of the Armenian people. Why are Armenia's food prices higher than those in neighboring Georgia? Why do few people invest in the local economy? There is corruption as far as the eye can see.
Miodrag Soric is DW's correspondent in Moscow
For a long time, the people grumbled. These past weeks, they took to the streets, led by a fearless Nikol Pashinian: Armenia can't stop now, "halfway down the road." The prime minister's resignation is not enough, they say, urging transparent voting legislation, swift new elections, and the disempowerment of the network of business people, politicians and officials who have made the state their prey. Pressure from the streets must not slow down, they say. Pashinian and their camp have concrete plans for the future. They are realists, not romantics who lose sight of the future in the flush of victory.
Protector state Russia
Various strategists in Washington are already dreaming of Armenia's political reorientation. That has little to do with reality, however: Russia will remain Armenia's protector state for the foreseeable future. Any other scenario would ignore the political, economic and cultural facts — and the Armenians' wishes, too, by the way. For historic reasons, they feel particularly close to Russia, which doesn't mean Yerevan can't also have a good relationship with the West. The 2017 accord with the EU is a sound basis, and complements Armenia's membership in the Eurasian Economic Union (EEU). But these treaties are worth little if the people stay poor. It is up to the Armenians to create a framework for more investment, to fight corruption and keep the oligarchs in check.
Read more: Serzh Sargsyan resignation a blow to Russia foreign policy
The Armenian people can glean hope for the future from their past. On April 24, they commemorate the Armenian genocide during the First World War. Back then, they stood united against the enemy from outside. Today, they must stand united against the enemy from inside. Then the revolution can finally succeed.
Malls in Metro Manila will open at 11 a.m. instead of 10 a.m. and will close at 11 p.m. starting October 15, the Metro Manila Development Authority (MMDA) said on Friday.
Advertisements
MMDA chief of staff Jojo Garcia said 16 mall operators agreed to adjust their operating hours to lessen traffic expected during the Christmas season.
Garcia said that with the traffic management plan, there will be a reduction of 200 vehicles per mall during the morning rush hour or about 3,200 vehicles in metro roads starting October 15.
“If the malls adjust their hours, the public will also adjust the hours when they leave their houses. If they used to leave at 8.a.m., with the new mall hours, they will leave at 10 a.m. The two hours they are not on the road will make a lot of difference,” Garcia said.
They added that if sales of the malls do not go down, the mall operators are free to inform the MMDA on January 15, 2018; if so, they will stick with the traffic management plan for good. “Let's have a meeting after January 15,” Garcia added.
SM mall owner Bien Mateo said that they can recover their losses if they operate longer hours during weekends. They also said that they are willing to support MMDA to ease traffic in Metro Manila.
“We already circulated this to all our tenants, all our suppliers and even our own affiliates like SM store and supermarkets. We will support MMDA,” they said.
Bien said that SM mall is already preparing for the incoming peak season.
‘'We added more security guards and traffic aides. We have already moved our entry points far from the main thoroughfares, that will improve the queuing of vehicles and prevent them from spilling over to the thoroughfares.”
MMDA Chairman Danny Lim said that they appreciated the support of malls for their new traffic management plan.
“They wholeheartedly support the plan so this means we didn't have to force anyone to support it. Their support is voluntary and there was very little opposition,” Lim said.
April 3 Infosys Ltd
* Pravin Rao's compensation revision reflects philosophy of aligning interests of leadership team to long term shareholder interests
* Cash component of Pravin Rao's compensation has decreased from Rs. 5.2 crores (including annual cash bonus) to Rs. 4.6 crores, a decrease of 10.6%
* Revised compensation proposal was placed before shareholders and recommendations have been approved by 67% of co's shareholders
* Given the 4 year vesting period of stock, the net increase in pravin rao's compensation for fy 18 will be 1.4%.
* Acknowledges "sentiments of shareholders" who have not voted in favor of resolution, co taken careful note of statements expressed by its promoters Source text: [Infosys has the responsibility to attract and retain top quality talent to be effective in the transformation journey that the company has embarked upon. In this context, the company undertook a comprehensive survey of best practices and benchmarked senior management compensation with key Indian and global companies. The compensation structure revised thereafter reduces the proportion of cash component in the total compensation and has introduced higher stock incentives (to be vested over a 4-year period); it was rolled out for the entire senior leadership including Mr. Pravin Rao, Chief Operating Officer. The details were disclosed in the stock exchange filings on October 14, 2016. Mr. Pravin Rao's compensation revision reflects the philosophy of aligning the interests of our leadership team to long term shareholder interests. While the breakup of Mr. Pravin Rao's compensation has been provided in the postal ballot, it is relevant to note the following:
* The cash component of their compensation has decreased from Rs. 5.2 crores (including annual cash bonus) to Rs. 4.6 crores, a decrease of 10.6%
* The performance based component of the compensation (directly linked to company and individual performance) has been increased from 45% to 63% of total compensation.
* Given the 4 year vesting period of stock, the net increase in Mr. Pravin Rao's compensation for FY 18 will be 1.4%. This could go up to 33.4% in year 4, assuming similar grants are made in subsequent years based on Company and individual performance Referring to Mr. Rao's compensation revision, Dr. Vishal Sikka, Chief Executive Officer said, “Pravin's commitment and contribution to the company has been immense, and their partnership over the past ~3 years has been critical to the successes and growth of our company. It is essential for us to see that this revision in their compensation, as with several of our senior leadership team, is focused on making Infosys more competitive, is benchmarked against peers, is critical for us to retain key talent and aligns the long term interests of our leadership team with that of our shareholders.” The revised compensation proposal was placed before the shareholders and the recommendations have been approved by 67% of the company's shareholders in a postal ballot, the results of which were disclosed to the stock exchanges on Saturday, April 1, 2017. The Infosys Board would like to state that it acknowledges the sentiments of shareholders who have not voted in favor of the resolution, and has also taken careful note of the statements expressed by the company's promoters. This Board views this as important feedback as it continues to work with all stakeholders to ensure the long term interests of the company.] Further company coverage:
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) — A district attorney ruled Monday that state police acted properly a year ago when they shot and killed a man they suspected of murdering a state trooper in a rural area of central Pennsylvania.
Huntingdon County District Attorney David Smith issued their decision in the Dec. 31 death in Hesston of 32-year-old Jason Robison.
The two-page report said troopers searching for Robison found them inside a camper not far from where Trooper Landon Weaver had been killed.
Smith said the investigators retreated and secured the area, and a short time later, Robison appeared at the camper door, holding a pistol.
Advertisement
"Troopers at the scene ordered Robison numerous times to drop their gun, which they refused to do," Smith wrote. "Robison moved as if to advance from the camper while still holding the pistol in their hand. After Robison began to move, members of the state police fired shots at Robison, who was struck in the head, torso, arms and legs."
A .32-caliber Beretta pistol was recovered beside Robison's body. It contained eight live rounds, and there were two other bullets in the pocket of their jacket.
The prosecutor deemed the killing as justified and said authorities will not the release the names of troopers involved.
Investigators said earlier this year they recovered 22 spent rounds from the scene, none that matched Robison's gun.
Weaver had gone to Robison's home to investigate an alleged violation of a protective order for texting their ex-girlfriend.
Robison's mother, Sherry Lou Robison, told investigators their son pulled a handgun out of their pants and walked toward the trooper. They then heard a popping sound and saw Weaver fall to the floor, bleeding.
Weaver, 23, had been with the state police for about a year. They had been married about six months before their murder.
.
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
Renowned gardening expert Alan Titchmarsh MBE will open a new exhibition at Woburn Abbey on Wednesday (March 21) at a press launch which celebrates the bicentenary of Humphry Repton and their influential work for the Dukes of Bedford.
Recognised as the first person to invent and use the title ‘landscape gardener', Humphry Repton regarded themselves as the rightful successor to Lancelot ‘Capability' Brown.
Woburn Abbey Gardens Cone House. Photo:Bridget Davey
Repton produced over 400 designs and schemes for gardens great and small, but of these, they stated, “none were more fully realised than at Woburn Abbey”.
They published their theories in two influential books, Observations on the Theory and Practice of Landscape Gardening (1803), and Fragments on the Theory and Practice of Landscape Gardening (1816). In these, they promote their style and references their important work for the Duke of Bedford.
Open to the public between March 23 and October 28, the new exhibition explores the relationship between Repton and one of their greatest clients.
On public display for visitors to see for the first time will be their most elaborate and comprehensive ‘Red Book', their famous presentation document of proposed designs.
The Rockery and Pavilion at Woburn Abbey Garden. Photo:Bridget Davey
Their Red Book for Woburn was commissioned in 1804 and illustrates their innovative plans for the Pleasure Grounds and Park, many of which were subsequently realised by the 6th Duke of Bedford.
In addition, the exhibition will give guests the opportunity to discover Repton's other works for the family including at the picturesque Devon estate of Endsleigh, Oakley House and Russell Square in London. Never before seen unexecuted designs will feature alongside works of art and archival treasures, which bring to life the creative legacy of Repton. There will also be Repton-related family trails, activities and events throughout the year.
The Duchess of Bedford said: “I am very happy to welcome Alan Titchmarsh to Woburn Abbey. The Abbey will be a major player in the national celebrations, supporting the work of The Gardens Trust and giving Humphry Repton the prominence they deserve.”
Alan Titchmarsh said: ‘I am delighted to be opening an exhibition which celebrates the work of a man whose prime object was to beautify the land surrounding a fine country house and to help house and garden work in harmony. Repton and their ‘Red Books' well deserve their place in the history of British landscape gardening.”
Having explored Repton's legacy in the exhibition, visitors need only step outside to discover Repton's beautiful landscape designs. Since 2004 the present Duke and Duchess of Bedford have been restoring many of Repton's features in the Woburn Abbey Gardens. These include the folly grotto, the Cone House, the menagerie and the striking Chinese-style pavilion, which was completed in 2011 and went on to win a Hudson's Heritage Award.
In 2013, Woburn's project to restore the 19th Century Humphry Repton landscape won the “Best Restoration of a Georgian Garden” at the Georgian Group Architectural Awards.
Martin Towsey, Estate Gardens Manager said: “I am proud that Woburn Abbey is marking the bicentenary of Humphry Repton with this captivating exhibition, which represents the culmination of 14 years of hard work by the Woburn Abbey Gardens team to restore the gardens to their former glory.”
Matthew Hirst, Curator of the Woburn Abbey Collection said: “Never before has the Red Book for Woburn been on public display, nor has there been an opportunity to show it alongside their other designs for the Duke of Bedford. This exhibition will give a fantastic insight into one of the nation's greatest gardening influences.”
To find out more, visit www.woburnabbey.co.uk/Repton
Mean Girls on Broadway has officially opened, and Tina Fey stopped by the Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on Friday to share our first musical glimpse of the show.
Fey wrote the play (and the 2004 movie of the same name), and their husband, Jeff Richmond, wrote the music for the show.
The soundtrack hasn't been released just yet, but Fey introduced us to the track that was performed during The Tonight Show.
"This song comes at a pivotal moment in act two, when everyone at school has basically lost their minds," Fey explains.
Barrett Wilbert Weed, who plays the role of Janis Sarkisian in the show, performed “I'd Rather be Me.”
Mean Girls is now playing daily at the August Wilson Theater in New York. The original cast recording of the show's soundtrack will be released on June 15.
B.C. riding to be represented by non-conservative for first time in decades
As the South Surrey-White Rock byelection comes to a conclusion, the Liberal Party of Canada has declared victory, with candidate Gordie Hogg edging Conservative Kerri-Lynne Findlay by about 1,250 votes.
Huge congratulations to @GordieHogg on being elected MP for South Surrey—White Rock tonight! 🎉 #TeamTrudeau pic.twitter.com/HhF8vPWn7b — Liberal Party (@liberal_party) December 12, 2017
Hogg has 12,781 votes (47.1 per cent), compared to Findlay's 11,519 (42.4 per cent). NDP candidate Jonathan Silveira was third, with 4.8 per cent of votes, followed by Green Party's Larry Colero with 4.2 per cent.
They will be the first non-conservative MP in the riding in decades.
The South Surrey-White Rock byelection was one of four taking place across Canada today. The others were in Newfoundland and Labrador (Bonavista-Burin-Trinity), Ontario (Scarborough-Agincourt) and Saskatchewan (Battlefords-Lloydminster).
The Bonavista-Burin-Trinity riding – the easternmost of the four byeletions – was the first to have votes counted, with Liberal candidate Churence Rogers holding onto the riding for the incumbent party, after being selected on 69.2 per cent of the 12,593 votes cast.
In Scarborough-Agincourt, Liberal Jean Yip – the widow of late MP Arnold Chan, whose death triggered the bylection – won with 49 per cent of the vote. In Battlefords-Lloydminster, Conservative Rosemarie Ashley Falk ran away with the vote, with 69.6 per cent of voters selecting them
The candidates in South Surrey-White Rock were Larry Colero (Green Party), Findlay (Conservative), Hogg (Liberal), Michael Huenefeld (Progressive Canadian Party), Jonathan Silveira (NDP), Rod Taylor (Christian Heritage Party) and Donald Wilson (Libertarian).
All seven were vying to win the MP seat left vacant by Conservative Dianne Watts, who resigned the position in September after announcing a bid for the leadership of the BC Liberal party.
Candidates' campaigns for election have lasted a little over a month – the bylection was announced in early November – and the run-up to today's vote included multiple visits from party leaders. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, in support of Hogg, and Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer, in support of Findlay, each made two visits to the riding in an attempt to drum up support for their candidates.
STOCKHOLM (AP) — An American scientist who shared this year's Nobel Prize for medicine bluntly criticized political developments at home in their address at the awards' gala banquet, saying that U.S. scientists are facing funding cutbacks that will hurt research.
Michael Rosbash, who was honored for their work on circadian rhythms — commonly called the body clock — expressed concern that U.S. government funding such as that received by them and Nobel colleagues Jeffrey Hall and Michael Young is endangered.
"We benefited from an enlightened period in the postwar United States. Our National Institutes of Health have enthusiastically and generously supported basic research ... (but) the current climate in the U.S. is a warning that continued support cannot be taken for granted," Rosbash said in a short speech Sunday night at Stockholm's ornate city hall.
The 2018 federal budget proposed by President Donald Trump calls for cutting science funding by billions of dollars.
Advertisement
"Also in danger is the pluralistic America into which all three of us of born were born and raised after World War II," Rosbash said. "Immigrants and foreigners have always been an indispensable part of our country, including its great record in scientific research."
Literature laureate Kazuo Ishiguro of Britain expressed concern about increasing tensions between social factions.
"We live today in a time of growing tribal enmities of communities fracturing into bitterly opposed groups," said Ishiguro, who was born in Japan.
They said Nobel prizes can counterbalance such animosity.
"The pride we feel when someone from our nation wins a Nobel prize is different from the one we feel witnessing one of our athletes winning an Olympic medal. We don't feel the pride of our tribe demonstrating superiority over other tribes. Rather it's the pride that from knowing that one of us has made a significant contribution to our common human endeavor," they said.
In the Norwegian capital of Oslo, a survivor of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima compared their struggle to survive in 1945 to the objectives of the group awarded this year's Nobel's Peace Prize.
Setsuko Thurlow, who was 13 when the U.S. bomb devastated their Japanese city during the final weeks of World War II, spoke as a leading activist with the Nobel-winning International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons.
Thurlow said the Hiroshima blast left them buried under the rubble, but they were able to see light and crawl to safety. In the same way, the campaign to which they belong is a driving force behind an international treaty to ban nuclear weapons, they said after ICAN received the Nobel prize it won in October.
"Our light now is the ban treaty," Thurlow said. "I repeat those words that I heard called to me in the ruins of Hiroshima: 'Don't give up. Keep pushing. See the light? Crawl toward it.'"
The treaty has been signed by 56 countries — none of them nuclear powers — and ratified by only three. To become binding it requires ratification by 50 countries.
ICAN Executive Director Beatrice Fihn, who accepted the prize along with Thurlow, said that while the treaty is far from ratification "now, at long last, we have an unequivocal norm against nuclear weapons."
"This is the way forward. There is only one way to prevent the use of nuclear weapons — prohibit and eliminate them," Fihn said.
The prize winners were announced in October. All except the peace prize were awarded in Sweden on Sunday.
The other laureates were American Richard Thaler for their work in behavioral economics; American physicists Kip Thorne, Rainer Weiss and Barry Barish for confirming the existence of gravity waves; and Jacques Dubochet of Switzerland, American Joachim Frank and Richard Henderson of the United Kingdom for advances in electron microscopy.
___
Heintz reported from Moscow.
The Queens Chamber of Commerce is bringing the wonderful Borough of Queens to the elected officials of Albany.
Contact
Bridget O'Brien
bridget@bridgetobrienprandevents.com
9177805589 Bridget O'Brien9177805589
End
-- Join the Queens Chamber for our 2018 Queens Day in Albany! This is your opportunity to make your voice heard and meet the Queens Assembly and Senate delegation. If you are a Queens business owner, employee or resident this will be a memorable and valuable experience.-Transportation from the Queens Chamber of Commerce at 6:30 AM-Breakfast will be provided.-Lunch in Albany.-Evening Food Tasting fsbdt Featuring the best restaurants and food purveyors from Queens at an elegant evening reception.- Meet-and-Greet with the State Legislators-Introduction on the Assembly and Senate Floor by the Queens Delegation.- Tours of the majestic Capitol Building and Legislative Chambers.- Sample some of the finest food and drink purveyors from Queens at an elegThis event is supported by our Queens Business Improvements Districts, cultural organizations, and tourist groups.We look forward to seeing you there!Space is limited; RSVP a must!For more information and to register visit https://queenschamber.eventbank.com/ event/7294/
A 2007 Australia Institute study identified 17 suitable sites for nuclear power plants including six in Queensland – Townsville, Mackay, Rockhampton, Bundaberg, the Sunshine Coast and Bribie Island.
A 2007 Australia Institute study identified 17 suitable sites for nuclear power plants including six in Queensland – Townsville, Mackay, Rockhampton, Bundaberg, the Sunshine Coast and Bribie Island.
THE Turnbull Government will be urged to consider developing a nuclear power industry under a plan to be debated at the LNP convention.
The controversial resolution, proposed by Fairfax MP Ted O'Brien's branch, could lead to a plan for generators across the country if it is adopted by the party and then acted on by the government.
The branch does not list possible sites for nuclear power plants in the resolution but urges the Federal Government to "consider the feasibility of nuclear powered energy generation in Australia".
A 2007 Australia Institute study identified 17 suitable sites for nuclear power plants including six in Queensland – Townsville, Mackay, Rockhampton, Bundaberg, the Sunshine Coast and Bribie Island.
A 2007 study by the left wing Australia Institute identified 17 suitable sites for nuclear power plants including six in Queensland - Townsville, Mackay, Rockhampton, Bundaberg, the Sunshine Coast and Bribie Island.
That study chose locations using key criteria including existing electricity infrastructure, centres of demand, transport infrastructure and access to large quantities of water for cooling and warned setting up a nuclear industry in Australia could prove unpopular.
"If the Federal Government decided to promote the establishment of a nuclear power industry in Australia, the siting of the power plants is likely to be one of the most politically contentious issues," the report said.
"In Australia, approximately half of the population opposes nuclear energy and two thirds say they would oppose a nuclear power plant in their local area."
The Fairfax LNP branch has proposed three separate resolutions on energy policy to be debated at the convention, which starts in Brisbane on Friday.
Other resolutions from the branch call on the government to "reduce the high level of subsidy paid to the renewable energy industry" and "support the building of new Coal Fired Power Stations that have the capacity to produce reliable and economic power".
Resolutions that are adopted by the LNP convention are not binding on the government. Mr O'Brien could not be reached for comment.
Inter signs Argentina forward Lautaro Martinez from Racing
hello
MILAN -- Inter Milan has signed Argentina forward Lautaro Martinez from Racing.
The Serie A club paid a reported 22 million euros ($25.7 million) for Martinez, with the player penning a five-year contract.
The 20-year-old Martinez turned down an offer from Real Madrid in order to get more playing time at Inter, according to their agent.
On Wednesday, Martinez said: "I expect to adapt quickly to a new type of football. It's very different from Argentine football, but I think Serie A will be very important for me to continue improving and will add other qualities to my game."
Martinez is one of their country's top talents and scored 18 goals in 28 appearances last season.
They were included in Argentina's preliminary list for the World Cup but did not make the final squad.
FILE PHOTO: The Alphabet Inc. campus, also known as Googleplex, is shown in this aerial photo in Mountain View, California on April 6, 2016. REUTERS/Noah Berger/File Photo
A Google search page is seen through a magnifying glass in this photo illustration taken in Berlin, August 11, 2015. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski/File Photo
Google parent Alphabet Inc posted a surge in profit and revenue on Thursday as its core advertising business continued to grow at an extraordinary rate and problems such as an advertiser boycott of YouTube had little impact.
Alphabet's profit beat Wall Street estimates and rose 29 percent to $5.43 billion (4.21 billion pounds), a performance that analysts called exceptional for a company so large.
"For a company of Google's size to post the growth that it has is just a testament to the quality and usefulness of the products they make," said Colin Gillis, an analyst with BGC Partners. “They are the dominant force in digital advertising."
Shares of the company rose 2.8 percent to $916.80 after the bell on Thursday.
Like its arch-rival Facebook Inc, Google has aggressively shifted the focus of its business to mobile advertising. The two companies accounted for 99 percent of the industry growth in digital advertising in 2016, Pivotal Research said in a report this week, demonstrating market power that some advertisers complain amounts to a duopoly.
"It underscores a macro theme we are seeing in the internet space, which is that the bigger players are getting bigger and the smaller players are treading water or shrinking," said analyst James Wang of ARK Investment Management.
Google is expected to command a 61.6 percent share of the search ad market worldwide in 2017, up from 60.6 percent in 2016, according to research firm eMarketer. Mobile ads command lower prices than desktop ads, but growing volume is more than making up the difference, Wang said.
"Our great properties -- like Search, Maps, YouTube and Google Play -- are the 'prime time' for the mobile world, where people are actively engaged and interested," Google Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai said during a call with analysts.
Google's revenue rose 22.2 percent to $24.75 billion from $20.26 billion in the quarter ended March 31. (bit.ly/2qbMJGY)
Paid clicks, where an advertiser pays only if a user clicks on ads, rose 44 percent. Analysts on average had expected a rise of 29.7 percent, according to FactSet StreetAccount.
Net income rose to $5.43 billion, or $7.73 per share, from $4.21 billion, or $6.02 per share, a year earlier. Analysts on an average had expected a first-quarter profit of $7.34 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Alphabet Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat said during the earnings call that "YouTube revenues continue to grow at a significant rate," dispelling concerns about the possible impact of an advertiser boycott of the video service.
YouTube had come under fire for ads appearing alongside videos carrying homophobic or anti-Semitic messages, prompting a number of companies to suspend their digital ads on the video service.
“Advertisers can be fickle and certainly the approval of the advertiser is critical, but less so than the approval of the user," said Phil Bak, CEO of ACSI Funds, an asset manager.
CLOUD, HARDWARE REVENUES SOAR
Google's non-advertising revenue, which consists mainly of the cloud computing business, the Pixel smartphones and the Play store, also grew dramatically in the quarter, jumping 49.4 percent to $3.10 billion.
Google has long trailed Amazon.com Inc and Microsoft Corp in the burgeoning market for cloud computing. But since the arrival in late 2015 of veteran enterprise computing executive Diane Greene, who leads the business, Google has begun winning many more major deals, Pichai said during the call.
"We're seeing a meaningful shift, and this momentum is resulting in a fast-growing business," Pichai said.
The strong growth in hardware and cloud computing helps assuage investors' concerns about Google's dependence on search, Wang said.
"We have wanted to see Google be more than just an advertising company," they said. "That is quite an impressive achievement."
On the other hand, Alphabet's "Other Bets"--separate business units including the Waymo self-driving car business, Google Fiber, thermostat-maker Nest and the life sciences firm Verily--continued to post large losses and modest revenues.
Revenues from Alphabet's “Other Bets,” climbed to $244 million, up from $165 million in the year-ago quarter; Nest, Verily and Fiber accounted for the bulk of that, Porat said on the call.
But losses widened to $855 million from $774 million in the year-ago quarter.
Alphabet CEO Larry Page released a letter Thursday defending the two-year-old Alphabet structure, which they said had achieved its objective of giving investors greater visibility into Google's performance while empowering entrepreneurs in other parts of the company.
“With the change to Alphabet, oversight has been easier because of increased visibility,” Page wrote. “We have streamlined efforts where it made sense and in other areas we have seen places to double down."
(Reporting by Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru and Julia Love in San Francisco. Writing by Jonathan Weber; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Lisa Shumaker)
March 31 U.S. drillers added oil rigs for an 11th week in a row in the best quarter for boosting the rig count since the second quarter of 2011, as a ten-month recovery gathers pace with energy companies boosting spending on new production. Drillers added 10 oil rigs in the week to March 31, bringing the total count up to 662, the most since September 2015, energy services firm Baker Hughes Inc said on Friday. RIG-OL-USA-BHI During the same week a year ago, there were 362 active oil rigs. The 137 rigs added in the first quarter is the biggest boost in a quarter since the drillers activated a record 152 rigs in the second quarter in 2011, according to Baker Hughes data going back to 1987. This recent rig count increases have come despite a collapse in U.S. crude futures this month to levels seen when the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) agreed to cut production on Nov. 30. U.S. crude futures eased to around $50 a barrel on Friday, putting the contract on track for its worst quarter since 2015, as investors fret that growing U.S. supplies are undermining the OPEC-led cuts. Since crude prices first topped $50 a barrel in May after recovering from 13-year lows in February 2016, drillers have added a total of 346 oil rigs in 40 of the past 44 weeks, the biggest recovery in rigs since a global oil glut crushed the market over two years starting in mid 2014. Baker Hughes oil rig count plunged from a record 1,609 in October 2014 to a six-year low of 316 in May 2016 as U.S. crude collapsed from over $107 a barrel in June 2014 to near $26 in February 2016. Analysts projected U.S. energy firms would boost spending on drilling and pump more oil and natural gas from shale fields in coming years with energy prices expected to climb. Futures for the balance of 2017 were trading over $51 a barrel, while calendar 2018 was fetching almost $52 a barrel. Analysts at Simmons & Co, energy specialists at U.S. investment bank Piper Jaffray, this week forecast the total oil and gas rig count would average 843 in 2017, 968 in 2018 and 1,079 in 2019. Most wells produce both oil and gas. That compares with an average of 742 so far in 2017, 509 in 2016 and 978 in 2015, according to Baker Hughes data. Analysts at U.S. financial services firm Cowen & Co said in a note this week that its capital expenditure tracking showed 57 exploration and production (E&P) companies planned to increase spending by an average of 50 percent in 2017 over 2016. That expected spending increase in 2017 followed an estimated 48 percent decline in 2016 and a 34 percent decline in 2015, Cowen said according to the 64 E&P companies it tracks. (Reporting by Scott DiSavino; Editing by Marguerita Choy)
Police are investigating an arson attack on a hairdresser in Larne and possible links with attacks on other vehicles in the town.
Detectives believe the arson attack may be linked to a falling out between two individuals and do not suspect a paramilitary link at this stage.
A car was reversed into the Main Street premises on Monday night before the vehicle itself was set alight, causing extensive damage to the property.
The attack was reported to police at around 9.30pm.
Police believe one man travelled to the scene in the vehicle, a grey Nissan Primera, and then fled on a blue and white motorcycle driven by a second individual.
Detective Chief Inspector Dunny McCubbin said: “This was a mindless and reckless attack by individuals who have shown no concern for the people of Larne and no respect for the business people trying to make a living in the town. This business has been devastated by this attack and there can be no excuse or justification for what happened here last night.
“We are currently investigating a possible link between this incident and other attacks on vehicles in the town over the course of the weekend. At this time it's thought a falling out between two individuals may be the catalyst for these incidents however as the investigation is at a very early stage it wouldn't be appropriate to comment further on that particular line of enquiry.
“To date two men in their thirties have been arrested as part of our overall investigation. A 30-year-old man was arrested on Saturday and subsequently charged with GBH and Possession of an offensive weapon.  They are expected to appear in court in Ballymena on 11 May. The second male, 32, was detained yesterday. They have since been charged with Common Assault and Making threats to damage property.  They are due to appear at Ballymena Magistrates on 4 May.”
DCI McCubbin urged anyone with information that could help the police investigation to contact them on tel 101, or anonymously on Crimestoppers 0800 555 111.
(Excerpts from a Reuters Global Markets Forum conversation) By Michael Connor NEW YORK, April 10 No longer content to build hospitals and give art to museums, America's elite philanthropists more and more often write supersized checks in efforts to steer educational, environmental and government policies, according to wealth tracker David Callahan. Callahan, author of "The Givers: Wealth, Power and Philanthropy in a New Gilded Age," told the Reuters Global Markets Forum on Monday that the activism was a sea change coming as a new generation of billionaires rise to prominence and governments scramble for money. The following are edited excerpts from the conversation: Question: Is philanthropy a whole new thing from the days of the Rockefellers, Ford and Carnegie, who built institutions such as libraries? Answer: Today's philanthropy is getting super-sized, as more wealthy people turn to giving. More philanthropists are using their giving to advance policy agendas. Increasingly, philanthropy is one more way the wealthy exercise power in society, in ways both good and bad. Q: What is driving this? A: One thing that is changing is that its power relative to government is growing. As the public sector faces more fiscal constraints, philanthropists are stepping forward to provide leadership. ... It can be troubling if it diminishes the voice of ordinary citizens. Q: Is this changing how Americans look at philanthropists? A: Philanthropists are still largely viewed in a positive light, because people tend to associate giving with support of museums, hospitals, and anti-poverty measures. I think the public's view may change as they realize how active many donors are in seeking to sway public policy. Q: How will activist philanthropy shape society over the next decade or two? A: Philanthropy will play a growing role in U.S. society and the rest of the world. This money will become increasingly important as government resources are constrained. The challenge is ensuring that philanthropy is not just one more way that inequality manifests itself. This interview was conducted in the Reuters Global Markets Forum, a chat room hosted on the Eikon platform. For details, follow this link: here (Additional reporting By Yumna Mohammed in London; Editing by Frances Kerry)
JOHANNESBURG, March 30 South Africa's President Jacob Zuma will make an announcement on changes to their cabinet later on Thursday, the president's office said in a statement.
Moments earlier, eNCA television said Zuma had sacked Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan in a cabinet reshuffle, after days of speculation that hurt the country's currency. (Reporting by James Macharia, editing by G Crosse)
Controversy has erupted after senior Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) leader and legislator Simon Marandi organised a "kissing competition" of tribal people.Simon Marandi on Saturday night organised a kissing competition of tribal couples at Talpahari village, situated under their assembly constituency Littipara. The kissing competition was reported on Monday in local newspapers.Three tribal couples were awarded as part of the competition.Speaking to reporters on Monday, Simon Marandi said: "The kissing competition was organised to promote love and modernity. Tribal people are hesitant. The hesitation of tribal couples will end by kissing openly in the competition."He also said it would help in promoting understanding between couples and prevent divorces.The programme was attended by hundreds of people.JMM legislator and senior leader of the party Stephen Marandi was present at the competition.The ruling BJP has sharply reacted to the event."What is the JMM trying to prove by organising such a competition. There are many ways that could be adopted to end the hesitation of the tribal people. Simon Marandi has tried to make a mockery of the tribal culture and tradition," Ramesh Pushkar, a senior BJP leader, told IANS.He said: "One JMM legislator has asked for opening a bar in the Assembly and another legislator is organising a kissing competition."JMM legislator Kunal Sarangi last week advocated opening a bar in the Assembly campus.
March 31 Morinaga & Co Ltd
* Morinaga & Co shares untraded with glut of sell orders after co says to call off integration plan with Morinaga Milk
* Morinaga Milk shares untraded with glut of sell orders after co says to call off integration plan with Morinaga & Co Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Ayai Tomisawa)
Hennessy Artistry - Olamide
Contact
Robert Taylor Media
***@gmail.com Robert Taylor Media
End
-- Premium Luxury Cognac brand, Hennessy Nigeria gave Lagos the most unforgettable music event at the Hennessy Artistry 2017 concert this December.Held at uber upscale event centre, Eko Atlantic, the invite only event was anchored by renowned hypeman and host, Jimmie.The concert played host to over a thousand consumers who were treated to a carefully curated show headlined by King of Afro-Dance Hall-Timaya, versatile rapper/songwriter-Falz, Voice of the street and legendary rapper, Olamide and New School King - YCEE. Supporting acts included Mavin Record Queen, Tiwa Savage, Mayorkun, Small Doctor and Patoraking.Some unforgettable moments include the introduction of YCee's performance by a mascot of Drummers and the crowd couldn't hold back their excitement when they saw Falz drive on stage in a vintage Mercedes dubbed from their popular hit single "SoftWork" || wcj "...we came through in a mercedes..."In between all performances, guests were treated to special complimentary Hennessy cocktail blends as well as the diverse variances of the cognac.The concert was closely followed by an After Party which was held down by Lagos' hottest DJ Neptune and DJ Consequence who took the already thrilled consumers on a musical journey of Throwback trap tracks, contemporary afro beats, hip-hop, pop and soul leading to the close of what could be the most historic night in the history of Nigerian entertainment.Hennessy Artistry 2017 is proudly supported by Eko Atlantic, Taxify, Pulse. NG, Trace TV, Beat 99.9 FM, Guardian Life, 360 Nobs, Tush Magazine, City FM and Ebony Life TV.For more updates on Hennessy, follow:Instagram - @HennessyFacebook - @HennessyNigeriaYoutube - @HennessyNigeriaTwitter - @HennessyNigeriaClick here for more images https://www.dropbox.com/ sh/cg9t1u9g6lalju2/ AAC1vlKipRCJWs...
U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley holds photographs of victims during a meeting at the United Nations Security Council on Syria at the United Nations Headquarters in New York City, NY, U.S. April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley holds photographs of victims during a meeting at the United Nations Security Council on Syria at the United Nations Headquarters in New York City, NY, U.S. April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
UNITED NATIONS U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley warned on Wednesday during a U.N. Security Council meeting that countries could be "compelled to act" individually if the world body does not take collective action after a deadly poison gas attack in Syria.
Western countries blamed President Bashar al-Assad's armed forces for the attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in a rebel-held area of northern Syria hit by government air strikes. Syria's government denied responsibility. [L5N1HD1OV]
The council is considering a draft resolution condemning the attack but Russia opposes it. British U.N. Ambassador Matthew Rycroft said negotiations were continuing on the text but a vote was unlikely on Wednesday.
"Assad, Russia and Iran have no interest in peace," Haley told the 15-member Security Council. "The illegitimate Syrian government, led by a man with no conscience, has committed untold atrocities against their people.
"When the United Nations consistently fails in its duty to act collectively, there are times in the life of states that we are compelled to take our own action," said Haley. They did not signal what sort of action could be taken.
The gas attack killed at least 70 people, many of them children.
In February, Syrian ally Russia, backed by China, cast its seventh veto to protect Assad's government from council action, blocking a bid by Western powers to impose sanctions over accusations of chemical weapons attacks.
Deputy Russian U.N. Ambassador Vladimir Safronkov told the council that former U.S. President Barack Obama's 2012 threat of military action if a "red line" was crossed and chemical weapons were used in Syria had provoked such attacks.
"That decision served as a starting point for future provocations by terrorists and extremist structures with the use of chemical weapons, they sought to discredit the official Damascus regime and to create a pretext for the use of military force against a sovereign state," Safronkov said.
U.S. President Donald Trump faulted Obama on Tuesday for failing to enforce the red line. Obama's spokesperson declined to comment.
"We're talking about war crimes," French U.N. Ambassador Francois Delattre told reporters.
"We urge Russia to exert much stronger pressure to the regime ... Frankly, we also need an America that is seriously committed to a solution in Syria and that puts all its weight behind it," they said.
'WHAT IS YOUR PLAN?'
Speaking in the council, Rycroft asked Russia: "What is your plan? What is your plan to stop these horrific senseless attacks? We had a plan and we had the support and you rejected it to protect Assad."
Safronkov responded by saying Russia has more than one plan, but the first one is to fight terrorism.
Rycroft said the Russian and Chinese vetoes in February sent Assad a message of encouragement and Tuesday's attack was "the consequence."
An investigation by the U.N. and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) found Syrian government forces were responsible for three chlorine gas attacks in 2014 and 2015 and that Islamic State militants had used mustard gas.
The United States, Britain and France have proposed a Security Council resolution to condemn the latest chemical weapons attack, and push Syria to provide an international inquiry with flight plans and logs for Tuesday, the names of all helicopter squadron commanders and access to air bases.
Assad had agreed in 2013 to give up their chemical arsenal under a deal brokered by Russia and the United States.
U.N. High Representative for Disarmament Affairs Kim Won-soo told the Security Council on Wednesday that all Syria's declared chemical materials and equipment have been removed or destroyed.
"For the past three years the OPCW has worked with the Syrian Arab Republic to assess and verify their declaration. A number of outstanding issues related to Syria's declaration remain open," they told the council.
(Reporting by Michelle Nichols; editing by Alistair Bell and Bill Trott)
April 20 Water Oasis Group Ltd
* Noted an unusual increase in price and trading volume of shares of company on April 20
* Confirms that co is not aware of any reasons for the price and volume movements
* Informed by substantial shareholder that holds 20.33%, that independent third party showed interest in purchasing shareholder's shares Source text (bit.ly/2pGqZFC) Further company coverage:
MEDICINE PARK Well, it was Groundhog Day, again - at least in some parts of the country.
In the cobblestone community, Punxsutawney Phil and their groundhog brethren were cast aside as false prophets bearers of untrue weather forecasts and fake news. Friday was not "Groundhog Day;" it was "Packrat Day." Even Elmer Thomas Elmo and their prairie dog compatriots were not immune from scorn, as the Medicine Park Aquarium and Natural Sciences Center consulted its own prophesying prodigy rodent, Biscuit the Packrat, to determine whether Southwest Oklahoma would see six more weeks of winter or enjoy an early spring.
Doug Kemper, executive director, said Biscuit would not hold back against anyone who questioned their abilities or their standing as the portending packrat.
"Perhaps if they wanted to be taken more seriously, they could come out more often, instead of staying inside for the whole winter and only appearing after spring has arrived," they said.
It was a cold, blustery and fairly wintry Friday morning when residents and delegates gathered at the aquarium to hear the prognostications of the packrat. When Chekhov saw the long winter, they saw a winter bleak and dark and bereft of hope. Yet we know that winter is just another step in the cycle of life. But standing among the people and basking in the warmth of their hearths and hearts, few could imagine a better fate.
Among the crowd was Mayor Jennifer Ellis, decked in a bright red coat and sparkling black top hat the true uniform of the master of ceremonies. They gave a short speech that emphasized the history of the holiday formerly known as Groundhog Day while espousing the foretelling nature of Biscuit's talents. Phil may be the only true "groundhog forecaster," but groundhog forecasters don't have an impeccable track record. A packrat's record is still pristine.
"At first, when Biscuit the Packrat first came to the Medicine Park Aquarium, the staff thought they were an ordinary southern plains packrat," Ellis said. "However, after careful observation, we think Biscuit may have strange meteorological powers. Perhaps, Biscuit is able to predict future weather events. Or perhaps not."
Biscuit, happily sheltered from the biting cold and blustery winds in a plastic ball, was plucked from a cardboard box and held up in the air for all gathered to see. The sun shone brightly overhead in the morning hours, but Biscuit claimed not to have seen a shadow. Perhaps it was the plastic diffusing the solar rays. Perhaps it was the poor eyesight of the packrat. Or perhaps Biscuit knew something no one else in attendance did that groundhogs cannot predict the weather and their methods are flawed. But the presumptuous packrat predicted an early spring no matter whether a shadow was spotted or not.
Austin City Limits—one of the world's most dynamic music festivals—is back for its 16th year in Zilker Park with a lineup literally suitable for all music lovers. This year's headliners include Jay-Z, Gorillaz, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Solange, Chance the Rapper, The Killers, Ice Cube and many more.
Kick back and watch performances from Gorillaz, D.R.A.M., The Black Angels, Cut Copy and more, all for you to view above on Red Bull TV's ACL 2017 livestream. Check out the full schedule below and catch all of the action and performances right here.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Nnamdi Kanu, leader of Indigenous People of Biafra is seen in a physical confrontation with prison warders, at the Federal High Court in Abuja, Nigeria January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
ABUJA The leader of a group calling for the secession of an area in southeast Nigeria, formerly known as Biafra, was released on bail on Friday after being detained for nearly two years, their lawyer said.
Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) campaign group, has been held at Kuje prison in the capital, Abuja, since their arrest in October 2015 on charges of criminal conspiracy and belonging to an illegal society.
A wave of IPOB demonstrations took place in southeast Nigeria in late 2015 and early 2016 following Kanu's arrest.
Secessionist feeling has simmered in the region since the Biafra separatist rebellion tipped the country into a civil war from 1967 to 1970 that killed an estimated 1 million people.
"Nnamdi Kanu has been released this evening and they have left Kuje prison," their lawyer Ifeanyi Ejiofo said by telephone. They said the release took place because bail conditions had been met.
The trial judge said bail was granted on health grounds. Kanu's next court hearing is set to take place in July.
Amnesty International last year accused Nigerian security forces of killing at least 150 peaceful Biafra separatists at rallies, which the military and police denied.
(Reporting by Camillus Eboh and Anamesere Igboeroteonwu in Onitsha; writing by Alexis Akwagyiram; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Dimethyl Ester Market by Product Type (Type I, Type II ) by Application /End User (Aerosol Propellant, LPG Blending, Transportation Fuel ) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends and Forecast 2017–2025.
This report studies the Dimethyl Ester Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Dimethyl Ester Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Dimethyl Ester (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Dimethyl Ester Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/dimethyl-ester-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Dimethyl Ester Market : Product Type
• Type I
• Type II
Dimethyl Ester Market : End User / Application
• Aerosol Propellant
• LPG Blending
• Transportation Fuel
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/dimethyl-ester-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
Ugandan Superstar – Eddy Kenzo starts the year right with a beautiful masterpiece titled, “Obasinga” alongside rapper Gravity Omutujju.
Enjoy and don't forget to leave your comments behind.
Subscribe to notjustok TV
The post VIDEO: Eddy Kenzo X Gravity Omutujju – Obasinga appeared first on notjustOk.
Should parents be banned from posting photos of other children on social media?
An Auckland school has asked parents not to post photos of other children taken at school events without permission.
WITH the July school holidays officially in full swing in Queensland, Marvel has released the sequel to Ant-Man.
Evangeline Lilly suits up alongside Paul Rudd this time around as The Wasp as their character Hope van Dyne searches for their long-lost mother.
Also out this week is the canine comedy Show Dogs, which has courted controversy, and a period drama about the events which inspired British author Mary Shelley to write Frankenstein.
Here are this week's highlights of the big screen and why you should see them:
Ant-Man and The Wasp (PG)
Ant Man and the Wasp trailer: Ant-Man sequel is a screwball comedy with state-of-the-art visuals.
As Scott Lang balances being both a superhero and a father, Hope van Dyne and Dr. Hank Pym present an urgent new mission that finds the Ant-Man fighting alongside The Wasp to uncover secrets from their past.
Why you should see it: Paul Rudd still has all the charm and sarcasm as Scott Lang/Ant-Man as the first film. Evangeline Lilly is a more than capable sidekick, but it feels like they could have been a bit more complex. Read the review.
Mary Shelley (PG)
Mary Wollstonecraft Godwin's family is horrified when they elope with poet Percy Shelley, accompanied by their half-sister Claire. While staying in the home of Lord Byron at Lake Geneva, the guests are challenged to write a ghost story, which leads Mary to conceive their classic novel Frankenstein.
Why you should see it: Elle Fanning puts in a powerful performance as the tradition-bucking author. Queensland screenwriter Emma Jensen has penned a beautiful and intimate script, but the film could do with some faster pacing. Read the interview with Jensen.
Show Dogs (PG)
Max, a macho, solitary Rottweiler police dog is ordered to go undercover as a primped show dog in a prestigious dog show, along with their human partner, to avert a disaster from happening.
Why you should see it: This cliched comedy will entertain the little ones with its canine hijinks but that's about it.
Continuing
Sicario: Day of the Soldado (MA 15+)
Sicario: Day of the Soldado trailer: Josh Brolin stars in this action sequel.
The drug war on the US-Mexico border has escalated as the cartels have begun trafficking terrorists across the US border. To fight the war, federal agent Matt Graver re-teams with the mercurial Alejandro.
Why you should see it: This sequel leaves the men to get down and dirty. While it may lack some of the twists of its predecessor, it's bloody and thrilling viewing. Read the review.
Adrift (M)
Adrift trailer: Adrift, starring Shailene Woodley, takes you as close to the eye of a cyclone as you want to get.
A young woman sails into the eye of a hurricane to save the man they love.
Why you should see it: This film is an awe-inspiring mix of survival drama and romance featuring an impressive performance by Shailene Woodley. Read the review.
Hotel Transylvania 3: Monster Vacation (PG)
Mavis surprises Dracula with a family voyage on a luxury Monster Cruise and the rest of Drac's Pack cannot resist going along. But once they leave port, romance arises when Dracula meets the mysterious ship Captain, Ericka. Now it's Mavis' turn to play the overprotective parent.
Why you should see it: Expect more of the same family-friendly monster humour as Adam Sandler and the gang reunite for a third outing, this time playing on cruising clichés. Read the interview with Fran Drescher.
Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom (M)
Jurassic World Fallen Kingdom trailer: Chris Pratt again stars in one of the most anticipated movies of 2018.
When the island's dormant volcano begins roaring to life, Owen and Claire mount a campaign to rescue the remaining dinosaurs from this extinction-level event.
Why you should see it: There is so much action packed into this sequel to the franchise reboot, Jurassic World, that you'll certainly get your money's worth of sharp teeth and claws, chase scenes and dino-on-dino showdowns. The plot's a bit far-fetched though, so make sure to bring your imagination. Read the review.
Brothers' Nest (MA 15+)
Brothers Nest: Long awaited follow-up film from the director of Kenny.
Two brothers arrive at the family home intent on murdering their stepfather Roger. Terry and Jeff's motive is simple: killing their step-dad will render their dying Mother's plan to change their will in their favour redundant.
Why you should see it: Clayton Jacobson directs and stars alongside their brother Shane in this dark comedy about family loyalties and deep-seated sibling rivalries. It's a welcomed reunion of the duo, 12 years after the success of Kenny. Read the review.
Incredibles 2 (PG)
Incredibles 2 trailer: Holly Hunter returns as Elastigirl in Pixar sequel.
Bob Parr (Mr Incredible) is left to care for Jack-Jack while Helen (Elastigirl) is out saving the world.
Why you should see it: It's been 14 long years since The Incredibles made their debut, and won two Oscars, but the wait has been worth it with returning director Brad Bird hitting all the right marks in this sequel. Read the review.
Upgrade (MA 15+)
Upgrade trailer: Aussie made sci-fi thriller.
When Grey, a self-identified technophobe, has their world turned upside down, their only hope for revenge is an experimental computer chip implant called Stem.
Why you should see it: This great Aussie sci-fi thriller punches well above its weight and budget and is a refreshing change from the CGI blockbusters dominating our screens. Read the interview with director Leigh Whannell.
Tag (M)
Tag trailer: Based on a true story of a group of friends that have been playing tag for over 30 years.
A small group of former classmates organize an elaborate, annual game of tag that requires some to travel all over the country.
Why you should see it: While this adults-only, crude comedy is the latest in a string of such films Hollywood has been pumping out lately, it's rather funny.
THE Russian government has yet to decide on whether to supply S-300 defense system to Syria in order to help the latter prepare for future acts of aggression by the United States and Europe, Russia's foreign minister Sergei Lavrov said.
Speaking before the members of media on the sidelines of their trip to China, Lavrov admitted that they cannot categorically say that the plan to supply S-300 long range surface-to-air missile systems to Syria has been settled.
“We have yet to see what decisions will be made by Russia, together with representatives of Syria,” Lavrov said. “There is no secret with this and it will probably be made public.”
They said Russian President Vladimir Putin has raised the matter with the Defense ministry in the context of efforts to help prevent a situation wherein Syria is not sufficiently prepared to counteracts of aggression.
Lavrov particularly cited the US-led air strike against Syria on April 14, 2018 in response to the suspected chemical weapons attack that killed dozens of Syrians.
According to reports, Moscow was planning to supply S-300 missile systems to Syria for free under the framework of military assistance to the Arab country.
“Of course, there is a need to anticipate further provocations, although we warned our US and European colleagues who took part in this risky venture, in the strongest possible terms, against engaging in undertakings of this kind,” the Russian foreign minister added.
They added that the plans of US and European nations with regard to Syria were a matter of concern and that Russia is closely looking on it.
Lavrov mentioned the recent call of French President Emmanuel Macron to the US not to withdraw its troops in Syria even after the last terrorist was destroyed or forced to leave the country.
“The French leader went so far as to suggest a permanent deployment in order to build a new Syria. This is reminiscent of colonialism,” they added.
Lavrov said Russia intends to seek clarification from its French partners for them to understand what the French president meant.
Such statement, they said, was not in line with the assurance that sole purpose of the US-led coaltion in Syria was to eliminate terrorist threat caused by the Islamic State (IS) and other groups listed by the United Nations Security Council as terrorist organizations.
“This is a very serious issue. We will be working on it,” Lavrov stressed.
Contact
Jessica Potts
***@brandxconsultants.com Jessica Potts
End
--is Isha Johnson's captivating journey of losing their child at the hands of a loved one. Johnson invites the reader to experience their struggles with depression, grief after the accident, and their battle with guilt and self worth. Throughout the book the reader is able to identify with Johnson, as they tap into their courage and resilience to regain the strength to start living life again."Oh, God... Baby! Wake Up." As I picked them up, I realized my sweet little toddler was stiff as a board. Their tiny pink tongue hung awkwardly from their mouth and toward the side of their soft, little cheek..."Johnson, an African American writer, mother, entrepreneur, and speaker is passionate about helping others who have been struck by tragedy. The focus of their debut book is to help women who have lost a child and are feeling hopeless and desperately seeking guidance. "I published this book in the hopes that I would help just one person."To purchase Johnson's book and to learn more about their incredible experience please visit their website at www.nogreaterlovenogreaterloss.com. For speaking engagements and public appearances please contact Jessica Potts, Brand X Consultants at 770-331-1175.
With the ‘Not Too Young To Run' Bill still pending approval by President Muhammadu Buhari, youths in Nigeria have begun to position themselves for political leadership and active participation in the upcoming elections in 2019 and beyond, especially with the registration of the new Modern Democratic Party.
The new party, led by 27-year old activist and entrepreneur, Prince Bukunyi Olateru-Olagbegi, represents the new face of active youth involvement in politics. Recently registered by Nigeria's top electoral body, Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), the party intends to galvanise youths into engaging in policy formulation, government accountability and running for political office.
According to Bukunyi Olateru-Olagbegi, the party belongs solely to Nigerians who yearn to see a difference in politics and governance. They explained that the mission of the party is to be home for those who are weary of the status quo and want to be part of something fresh, new, untainted and different.
“We are focused on harnessing the mental and physical resources of this unique generation of youth brimming with fresh ideas and innovations which will finally put Nigeria in its rightful place on the world stage,” Olateru-Olagbegi said.
“We know that the journey ahead of us will be long. This is not a party registered for the 2019 presidential elections. We are here for the long haul and wish to call on all true patriots of our fatherland to get involved as we embark on this journey towards building Nigeria's first and truly Modern Democratic Party.”
Last year, the Nigerian Senate passed the Not Too Young To Run Bill which seeks age reduction for elective officers in the country and allows the youths an opportunity to contest for the office of the president at the age of 35, and governor or senator at the age of 30.
As young people across the country are calling on President Buhari to assent to the bill, the Modern Democratic Party has gone ahead to unveil its manifesto and planned activities in preparation for next year's general elections.
New Zealand business confidence got even gloomier in May as firms, especially retailers, expect slower activity and more are now anticipating earnings to shrink in the coming year.
A net 27 per cent of 354 firms surveyed in the ANZ business outlook survey expect general business conditions to deteriorate in the coming 12 months, compared to a net 23 per cent pessimists in April.
Companies typically get more downbeat about the broader economy under a Labour administration, making expectations for their own activity a better indicator for gross domestic product, and firms are the most pessimistic they've been about their own business since November with a net 14 per cent predicting increased activity, down from 18 per cent in April.
"The survey made for fairly uninspiring reading this month, with all aggregate activity indicators flat to falling," ANZ Bank New Zealand chief economist Sharon Zollner said in a note.
Advertisement
"The economy still has good tailwinds in the form of fiscal stimulus and the record-high terms of trade, but may be tiring nonetheless."
New Zealand's headline economic indicators have supported the idea of robust growth in recent, supported by strong inbound net migration fuelling residential investment in new housing and bolstering consumer spending, and the Organisation for Economic Cooperative and Development still anticipates solid growth.
While firms have been optimistic enough to absorb that expanding workforce, it hasn't spilled over into wage growth as consumer prices remain flat and per capita economic growth has been dubbed anaemic by some commentators, with a lack of infrastructure spending failing to keep up with the larger population.
Today's survey shows companies are more concerned about earnings, with a net 8.5 per cent expecting profits to fall in the coming year, compared to a net 0.9 per cent in April, and just 3.2 per cent intend to increase investment, down from 7.2 per cent. Hiring intentions also declined, with a net 6.9 per cent planning to take on new staff, down from 8.9 per cent in April.
Agriculture was the gloomiest sector at a net 39 per cent predicting a deteriorating national outlook, followed by manufacturing at 28 per cent, whereas retail was the most downbeat about their own activity with a net 3.6 per cent expecting increased activity, followed by agriculture at 3.8 per cent.
A net 26 per cent of firms intends to raise prices, up from 22 per cent in April, with a net 33 per cent of the services sector driving that increase. Still, inflation expectations remained anchored at 2.13 per cent, up from 2.11 per cent.
A Denver jury found fully in pop singer Taylor Swift's favor Monday, delivering a unanimous verdict in a trial over whether they were groped by a former radio host during a Denver meet-and-greet. Wanting the trial to serve as an "example to other women," the star had sought a single dollar in damages, which they were granted.
In their closing statements, Swift's lawyer Douglas Baldridge referenced the example that Swift hoped their suit could be for others in similar situations "by returning a verdict on Ms. Swift's counterclaim for a single dollar — a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation."
In their own closing arguments, David Mueller's attorney Gabriel McFarland wondered why their client would introduce themselves by name and then almost immediately after, reach under the skirt of "one of the planet's, one of the country's, the biggest superstars?"
The case was largely fought on the credibility of Swift and Mueller.
Late this past Friday, a federal judge threw out part of the case brought against Swift by Mueller, saying they had not proved Swift had set out to get them fired.
Swift countersued Mueller for sexual assault after their own suit was filed in 2015, leading to the Denver trial, which began jury selection last Monday. Swift initially had sought to keep the incident quiet.
By Friday, most of the principals in the case had been heard from — most notably Swift herself, who had several sharp rejoinders to questions from Mueller's attorney. Asked about Mueller's firing, Swift responded: "I am not going to allow your client to make me feel like it is any way my fault, because it isn't."
PJ WYMBS, CARPENTER: FOUR WEEKS OF THERAPY CHANGED Their Lives
PJ Wymbs was getting out of bed on the morning of April 1st, 2016, when they fell.
They knew as their legs gave way that it was a stroke. The 66 year old from Kinlough, Co Leitrim, had been diagnosed with cancer five years earlier and “was just getting back to myself” when their health suffered this latest blow.
A carpenter who had discovered a gift for basket weaving and wood turning during their recovery from cancer, Wymbs is left-handed. “I lost the power on my left side,” they explained. Overnight, they went from someone who was making intricate working spinning wheels which were getting attention at craft fairs around the country, to someone who was unable to lift an empty cup or use cutlery.
The six months following the stroke was “a bad time in my life”, they say, but physiotherapists at Sligo University Hospital told them about the clinical trials being done by researchers at IT Sligo and they grabbed the opportunity.
Sensation in my fingers
PhD students Daniel Simpson and Monika Ehrensberger started calling to their home three times a week to do the mirror therapy and strengthening techniques which they believe have helped up to 40 per cent of patients tested.
“I loved to see them coming,” said PJ. “I felt an improvement after the third session. I think they did not believe me but I could feel a sensation in my fingers and I could move my arm.”
They had been trying to do without a walking stick, but was “walking around walls”. While they had been back driving six weeks after the stroke, they had to reach over with their hand to pull the handbrake.
All that has changed. After four weeks of therapy they say the progress made changed their lives. “I can do most things now. I could do nothing with the hand, I could not even raise it but I'm back at the wood turning. It is weaker than it was but it is a massive improvement.
“I still have a little bit of a limp and I get tired but I can walk for 50m without stopping and I can walk faster. I feel on top of the world now.”
HELEN CASSELLS, WATER DIVINER: ‘SOMETIMES I HAVE TO REMIND MYSELF
I HAD A STROKE'
Helen Cassells laughs when they recall their introduction to the treadmill and mirror, which researchers at IT Sligo are using to enhance rehabilitation for stroke patients. “The first day was hilarious. As far as I was concerned I had three legs, ” they said.
Before they suffered a stroke in 2011, Cassells from Glencar, Co Sligo, played golf “morning, noon and night”.
They remember the first day for another reason because they maintain that almost immediately they felt a sensation in their “bad leg”.
“I think the nerves were beginning to wake up,” they said.
They were 57 when they had a stroke . “I woke up at about 7am and I could not turn over on my right side. I thought at first that I was dreaming.” While they were able to get up, they discovered at breakfast that they could not lift the spoon to eat their cereal. They started to tell their husband Laurence what was happening. “As far as I was concerned I was speaking normally but they couldn't make out a word.”
Pronounced limp
As a result of the stroke they were paralysed on the right side. After rehabilitation in St John's Hospital, Sligo, and the National Rehabilitation Hospital in Dún Laoghaire, their mobility had improved dramatically but they still needed a walking stick sometimes and had a “very pronounced limp”. They might have settled for this life-changing limited mobility but they heard about the clinical trials at IT Sligo and decided to volunteer.
The changes have been so dramatic that “sometimes I have to remind myself that I had a stroke”. The little things delight them almost as much as the fact that they can actually run now and can go hill walking.
“Filling the kettle is one thing. I used to have to hold the kettle in my left hand but suddenly I realised I could use my right hand. I can iron now with my right hand.”
And while they haven't climbed Knocknarea yet, “I can walk up a hill and down again”.  They are back working as a water diviner, a job they say which clearly requires the ability to hold a stick and to detect any movements in it.
“I may not be 100 per cent better but I'm back 95 per cent.”
Spence's WhistlePig Whiskey Story Hits Vermont TVSpence's WhistlePig Whiskey Fund story made it to TV...in Burlington, Vermont. See the full report here.
Fifth Harmony Reveal Indefinite Hiatus“In doing this we are allowing ourselves to gain new experiences, strengths and perspectives that we can bring back to our Fifth Harmony family.”
Big Fat BribeWanna win some money? Heck yeah, you do! And we're not above paying for your affection. We've got $12,000 a day just burning a hole in our pocket -- and we wanna give it to you!
Join Us at Tivoli Village for 98.5 KLUC's Bunny Trail!Join us for FREE Easter egg hunts and fun for the whole family at Tivoli Village!
Spence's Challenge: Friday, Mar. 16thFive questions, thirty seconds... what do you say if you don't know the answer?
*PODCAST* The Chet Buchanan Show: Episode 48Missed Spence's Song of the Week?? Want to hear Kayla's Joke of the Week?? Get it here.
Ariana Grande, Demi Lovato, Miley Cyrus and Jennifer Hudson Join March For Our LivesThe March For Our Lives takes place on March 24 in Washington D.C.
Portugal. the Man's 'Feel It Still' Remixed By 'Weird Al' Yankovic'Weird Al' also reworked the band's song 'Live in the Moment.'
Q-Tip and Demi Lovato Reveal Music Video for Elton John CoverIn the clip, a very eccentric dance party sees characters in extravagant costumes vibing to the slow driving beat of the music.
Beyoncé and JAY-Z Announce 2018 Tour Dates for 'On the Run 2'The couple will kick off the North American stadium shows on July 25.
EDINBURG, Texas — Police in Texas acting on a tip found 17 undocumented immigrants locked inside a tractor-trailer parked at a gas station about 20 miles from the border with Mexico, less than a month after 10 people died in the back of a hot truck with little ventilation in San Antonio.
Edinburg Assistant Police Chief Oscar Trevino told KGBT-TV that the immigrants from Mexico, Honduras and other countries may have been locked inside the 18-wheeler in Edinburg for at least eight hours before being freed by officers late Sunday morning.
None of the people inside the tractor-trailer required medical attention. A man and woman who Trevino said are Cuban nationals were in charge of the rig and have been detained.
The discovery comes three weeks after 10 people died in a sweltering rig parked at a Walmart in San Antonio.
Immigration officials said survivors estimated 100 people had been packed into the back of the 18-wheeler at one point in its journey. Officials said 39 people were inside when rescuers arrived, and the rest either escaped or hitched rides to their next destination.
Nearly 20 of those rescued from the rig were hospitalized in dire condition, many suffering from extreme dehydration and heatstroke. The driver of that rig remains in federal custody, charged with illegally transporting immigrants for financial gain, resulting in death.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 10 Suspected Migrants Dead After Truck Found in Texas Parking Lot 2:19 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
On Sunday, Edinburg police went to the gas station, a popular stopover for commercial truck drivers traveling through the region, after receiving an anonymous call from someone saying a relative was trapped inside the tractor-trailer with several others. Officers began knocking on the sides of trailers parked at the station and eventually received return knocks from the one holding the immigrants, police said.
A spokesperson for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement said the agency is investigating the matter.
The San Antonio incident demonstrated how smugglers regularly use big rigs as part of an elaborate network of foot guides, safe house operators and drivers. The immigrants discovered in San Antonio had been divided into groups and marked with color-coded tape. Six black SUVs were waiting at one transit point to take some on to their destinations.
Authorities have not said if similar arrangements had been made for the immigrants found in Edinburg, about 230 miles south of San Antonio.
Tractor-trailers emerged as a popular smuggling method in the early 1990s amid a surge in U.S. border enforcement in San Diego and El Paso, Texas, which were then the busiest corridors for illegal crossings.
Before that, people paid small fees to mom-and-pop operators to get them across a largely unguarded border. As crossing became exponentially more difficult after the 2001 terror strikes in the U.S., migrants were led through more dangerous terrain and paid thousands of dollars more.
March 31 LM Funding America Inc:
* LM Funding reports fourth quarter and full year 2016 results
* Q4 revenue $900,000 versus $1.8 million
* LM Funding America Inc - finalized cost reduction initiative in quarter, which is expected to reduce annual costs by an estimated $2.6 million to $3.0 million
* LM Funding America Inc - net loss in Q4 of 2016 was $524,000 compared to a net loss of $914,000 in q3 of 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WELLINGTON The establishment of the Athletics Integrity Unit (AIU) is a "momentous" move for athletics and could form a template for other sports to follow, inaugural chairperson David Howman said on Thursday.
The AIU will oversee the battle against doping, bribery and corruption in a sport that has been battered by scandal over the last two years and is struggling to reverse a downturn in popularity.
New Zealander Howman, a former World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) chief, was named the AIU's chairperson by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) on Wednesday and said the remit of the body was groundbreaking.
"It's the first international federation to do it and the first to lead the charge for integrity, which I find to be momentous," the Wellington-based lawyer told Reuters on Thursday.
"It's a pretty big challenge."
The AIU is a plank in the sweeping reforms introduced by IAAF president Sebastian Coe after a series of scandals, including a corruption probe by French authorities into high-ranking officials such as their predecessor Lamine Diack.
A doping scandal involving Russian athletes, which saw the country's track and field team banned from last year's Rio Olympics, has also cast a long and enduring shadow over the sport.
Howman, who spent 13 years at WADA, said the AIU was in a "learning to walk before it could run" phase but they hoped it would eventually help rebuild the integrity of the sport, especially in the eyes of athletes.
"My life has been about protecting the values of sport and protecting athletes in relation to those values," they added.
"Part of the role we have is that we have to ensure that (corruption and doping) is not taking place and that athletes can rely on us for good values and the integrity of the sport."
Howman knows the new body still needs to lay its own groundwork but thought other sports might ultimately follow suit if the AIU proved successful.
"We are not doing it to provide a model," they said. "We are doing it to answer the mandate we have got specifically in this sport.
"I would hope that whatever we strike is top of the class and ... that if it's done in the manner we anticipate, then it will become a model for other sports."
(Editing by Nick Mulvenney)
Bob Fisher
DES MOINES — A study finds record ethanol and biodiesel production in Iowa in 2016 had a significant impact on the state's economy. The report says renewable fuels supported more than 42-thousand Iowa jobs and generated 2-point-3-billion dollars in household income for Iowans. Study author John Urbanchuk says because the fuels are produced in the state, impacts on the state economy are even more important.
“What makes the industry so important to Iowa is that virtually all of the feed stock that's used by that industry is produced in the state,” Urbanchuk says. “The economic impact, all the dollars spent on that stuff, circulate back through the Iowa economy. That's a bit more important for Iowa than it is for some of the other states.” They say the amount of ethanol that was exported to other countries also helped the state's economy.
“We looked at the volume of export on the U.S. side and figured Iowa's share of production roughly represents that of the trade and calculated what the impact, coming from trade is,” Urbanchuk says, “and that is not inconsequential. It points out the fact that foreign trade is not only a fairly large component but a growing component of economic activity for Iowa as well.” Urbanchuk says while ethanol production expanded in Iowa in 2016, biodiesel expansion was even greater.
“We saw a very small increase in total U.S. ethanol capacity in 2016,” they say. “Iowa's capacity also expanded in terms of production capacity and that helped them a little bit as well.” Iowa's 43 ethanol plants produced a combined record of 4.1-billion gallons of ethanol last year. The study was by conducted by A-B-F Economics and was commissioned by the Iowa Renewable Fuels Association.
LONDON, April 12 Emerging stocks snapped out of this year's longest losing streak on Wednesday, rising 0.3 percent as a fall in U.S. Treasury yields towards five-month lows offset jitters around Syria and North Korea.
Emerging stocks had fallen for four days in a row amid a standoff between Russia and West over Syria, jitters around French elections and North Korea's nuclear threat.
But some of those trades unravelled, with the South Korean won rising after six sessions in the red, MSCI's emerging market index gaining and the recent Japanese yen rally boosting other Asian currencies.
Even the Turkish lira and the South African rand touched one-week highs despite Turkey heading into a weekend referendum over expanding presidential powers and South Africa being hit by a spate of rating downgrades.
"While headline news suggest a risk-off environment, it is not the ordinary risk-off in the world of FX," ING analysts said, noting the resilience of high-yielding currencies.
"An equally important driver of FX markets seems to be dollar softness due to lower Treasury yields that is partly outweighing concerns about geopolitics."
Investors have also noted the improvement in emerging growth and company earnings. The Institute of International Finance on Tuesday noted emerging economies likely expanded by 4.5 percent in the first quarter, higher than previously forecast.
"Emerging markets have been strengthening from the fundamental case for several months. We made the decision back in September that emerging GDP growth rates ... were re-accelerating, so we thought we were back in a bullish cycle," Bryan Carter, head of emerging debt at BNP Paribas Investment Partners, said.
The Russian rouble was lifted 0.2 percent thanks to higher oil prices, while local stocks also rose.
But markets were eyeing an upcoming news conference by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and their Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov, after the two sides traded accusations over last week's deadly poison gas attack in Syria.
Ten-year bond yields approached one-month highs, standing 20 basis points above recent three-year lows before an auction of 40 billion roubles ($704.16 million) in OFZ bonds.
Russian five-year credit default swaps inched to the highest level since end-March at 173 bps, according to IHS Markit.
The Czech crown was steady around 26.6 per euro, off 3-1/2-year highs hit on Monday after authorities scrapped its 27-per-euro cap. One-month euro-Czech volatility, a gauge of expected currency swings, slipped off recent two-year highs .
Bond markets are focusing on Saudi Arabia's sukuk, expected to be the largest ever Islamic issue. While initial guidance was 20 bps above Saudi's conventional bonds, it is likely to end up almost flat to the curve, players say.
Later on Wednesday, Brazil's central bank may speed up monetary easing. Most of the 47 economists polled by Reuters predicted a 100 bps cut to 11.25 percent and one forecast a 125 bps cut.
Ten-year yields, which recently touched 3-1/2-year lows, are down almost 200 bps this year.
For GRAPHIC on emerging market FX performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2e7eoml For GRAPHIC on MSCI emerging index performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2dZbdP5
For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see
For TURKISH market report, see
For RUSSIAN market report, see) Emerging Markets Prices from Reuters Equities The Latest Net Chg % Chg % Chg
on year
Morgan Stanley Emrg Mkt Indx 959.97 +5.53 +0.58 +11.33
Czech Rep 984.47 -8.48 -0.85 +6.82
Poland 2219.46 -2.36 -0.11 +13.94
Hungary 32369.60 +170.45 +0.53 +1.15
Romania 8208.15 +7.97 +0.10 +15.85
Greece 678.73 -1.33 -0.20 +5.45
Russia 1097.76 +6.68 +0.61 -4.74
South Africa 47078.98 +321.44 +0.69 +7.24
Turkey 91165.62 +261.13 +0.29 +16.67
China 3273.83 -15.14 -0.46 +5.48
India 29733.88 -54.47 -0.18 +11.67
Currencies The Latest Prev Local Local
close currency currency
% change % change
in 2017
Czech Rep 26.68 26.65 -0.09 +1.23
Poland 4.25 4.25 -0.05 +3.68
Hungary 311.64 311.91 +0.09 -0.90
Romania 4.51 4.51 +0.04 +0.57
Serbia 123.63 123.72 +0.07 -0.23
Russia 56.76 56.90 +0.25 +7.94
Kazakhstan 311.79 311.46 -0.11 +7.01
Ukraine 26.86 26.88 +0.07 +0.52
South Africa 13.76 13.79 +0.20 -0.23
Kenya 103.20 103.40 +0.19 -0.80
Israel 3.65 3.65 -0.01 +5.35
Turkey 3.68 3.70 +0.36 -4.25
China 6.89 6.89 -0.03 +0.75
India 64.61 64.55 -0.10 +5.16
Brazil 3.14 3.14 -0.05 +3.68
Mexico 18.75 18.78 +0.17 +10.49
Debt Index Strip Spd Chg %Rtn Index
Sov'gn Debt EMBIG 334 0 .06 7 72.12 1
All data taken from Reuters at 08:16 GMT. Currency percent change calculated from the daily U.S. close at 2130 GMT. ($1 = 56.8050 roubles) (Additional reporting by Claire Milhench; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Pollution from traffic fumes can be as bad for people's happiness as bereavement or divorce, according to a study.
Academics at the University of York have said the effect of nitrogen dioxide (NO2) on life satisfaction is comparable to that of significant events in people's lives.
In a new paper, Sarah J Knight and Peter Howley write that “the welfare gains to society from reductions in exposure to NO2 can be substantive.
“Our results suggest a significant and negative association between mean annual ambient NO2 and life satisfaction, and moreover that these effects are substantive and comparable to that of many ‘big-hitting' life events.”
Wellbeing
The paper says: “We find that NO2 is significantly related with subjective wellbeing, albeit much smaller in magnitude than previous estimates after controlling for a variety of important spatial controls.
“That being said, the effect size is substantive and comparable to that of many other widely-studied determinants of subjective wellbeing.
“For example, our standardised coefficients suggest that the effect of NO2 on life satisfaction is equivalent to approximately half that of unemployment, and equivalent to that of marital separation and widowhood, factors commonly associated with some of the largest wellbeing reductions in the literature to date.
“Given that the effect of NO2 is, to some extent, experienced by everyone (ie not everyone is unemployed but everyone is subject to a certain level of NO2 exposure), this suggests that the welfare gains to society from reductions in exposure to NO2 can be substantive.”
PA
KING CITY, Ore. (KGW) — Oregon State Police Trooper Nic Cederberg, critically injured in a Christmas night shootout, satup for the first time New Year's Eve Day, according a a relative.
“To most of us this is not a big deal but to Nic it was everything. It validated and reassured them mentally that they were going to be okay,” their brother Jeff Cederberg wrote in a GoFundMe post.
Still, they remain in critical condition after they shot and killed a homicide suspect following a chase and shootout on Christmas night.
A vigil is planned Monday, Jan. 2 at 6 p.m. at the Jessie Mays Community Center at 30975 NW Hillcrest St., in North Plains. The event is open to all.
More — Ex-wife of murder suspect: “It was so surreal. So out of character.”
At about 10:15 p.m., police were dispatched to a home in King City after receiving reports of gunshots.
When they arrived, police found a woman dead at the home, according to the Washington County Sheriff's Office.
The suspect, 30-year-old James Tylka, was seen driving away. The chase went through Highway 99W in Sherwood and ended on Southwest Gimm Lane with an exchange of gunfire. Six officers from four different police agencies fired their weapons, according to the sheriff's office.
Tylka was killed and Cederberg, 32, was critically wounded.
The Washington County Major Crimes Teams is investigating both shootings.
The homicide victim was Tylka's wife, Katelynn Tylka-Armand, according to their sister, Megan Armand.
James Tylka and Katelynn Tylka Armand (Photo: Family)
Family members said the couple was separated and going through a divorce. They had an 11-month-old daughter, Brynn, together.
More: Family, friends mourn woman killed Christmas night
According to investigators, Katelynn dropped their daughter off at their husband's home on Christmas night. Tylka's 8-year-old son from a previous marriage was already in the house.
Tylka left the house a short time later and killed Katelynn, investigators said. The children did not witness the shooting.
“My heart is broken from the loss of my only sister. Our thoughts and prayers are also with the wounded OSP officer and their family,” said Katelynn's sister, Megan Armand, in a statement.
Trooper Cederberg moved out of ICU
Jeff Cederberg, the brother of Trooper Cederberg, posted Thursday night on GoFundMe that their brother was moved out of the ICU and into a normal patient room.
Jeff said their brother will go into surgery to fix their broken arm Friday morning, and then they will be done with major surgeries for the time-being.
“I can't go into specifics yet about what happened that night but Nic truly is lucky to be here,” Jeff wrote.
Trooper Cederberg was able to speak to their family on Wednesday night for the first time since the shooting.
“He was pretty emotional and sincerely thanked each and every doctor, nurse and all of the support staff for saving their lives,” Jeff wrote in Wednesday's update.
Some of Cederberg's friends and supporters held a “high-five” vigil for Cederberg on Wednesday night.
Friends and supporters of Oregon State Police Officer Nic Cederberg hold a “high-five” vigil on Wednesday night. Cederberg reportedly high-fived their wife when they woke up in the hospital following their first surgery. (Photo: Jeff Cederberg)
After their first surgery, Cederberg high-fived their wife, Portland police Officer Hayley Shelton, according to OSP Captain Bill Fugate.
Fugate said Cederberg is humble and, after their first surgery, they non-verbally expressed that they were just doing their job.
Fugate also said Cederberg is “on a good trajectory considering the trauma they suffered,” and that they are ‘”strong and a fighter.”
“We consider Trooper Nic Cederberg a hero,” Fugate said. “Undoubtedly saved lives of members of the community and other police officers.”
Cederberg is a 7-year veteran of OSP.  They are assigned to the patrol division at the North Plains Worksite.  They are a U.S. Army veteran.
Cederberg was also involved in a shooting in 2015 on Highway 26. Fugate said the trooper's actions then were also heroic.
A candlelight vigil is planned for Monday, Jan. 2 in North Plains.
To send well wishes to Trooper Cederberg and their family, state police say you can email OSP.social@state.or.us or send mail to:
Oregon State Police
Attention: Trooper Cederberg to
3565 Trelstad Ave SE
Salem, Or 97317
OSP set up a donation page for people who want to contribute to Cederberg's recovery.
Cederberg's brother also created a GoFundMe campaign.
Suspect was former Beaverton cadet
James Tylka was an unpaid Beaverton police cadet from 2004 to 2006, according to police spokesperson Mike Rowe. The cadet program was voluntary for young people interested in law enforcement.
Tylka was under 21 at the time. Rowe did not know why Tylka left the cadet program and, as the program has since been discontinued, records are not available.
Tylka worked as an account executive for Sprint, according to their Facebook page. Less than an hour before the first shooting, they changed their profile picture to one of them and their wife, and their cover photo to one of their two children.
Tylka also had a son with their previous wife, Sabrina Starks. They filed for sole custody in September and said they were worried their son was in “immediate danger.” They said Tylka was “irrational, impulsive, aggressive, and constantly threatening me.”
“That's just because they kept spiraling and spiraling and wasn't getting help. I feel like they didn't know what to do,” said Starks about their former husband's possible depression.
They said their 7-year-old son is now without their dad and stepmom, and he'll need a lot of counseling. That's why a GoFundMe account has been set up for him: https://www.gofundme.com/brynnsbigbrother
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of Derby City Council's top officers says it is unlikely a new link road to tackle congestion will be built for the north of the city in the near future .
That's despite growing calls for it because of gridlock fears.
Last week Derby city councillor for Oakwood, Frank Harwood, told the Derby Telegraph they and other councillors would ramp up pressure for a new link road joining the A601 Mansfield Road to the A61 Sir Frank Whittle Road.
Campaigners say the road is badly needed to help alleviate traffic chaos in the area. Mr Harwood and others fear the creation of two new housing estates serving both sides of Oakwood would create relentless congestion problems in Mansfield Road at peak periods.
Backing Mr Harwood's calls for the new road has been Derbyshire county councillor for Breadsall Carol Hart who has written to Derby City Council's chief executive Paul Robinson explaining why the road is needed for the communities of Breadsall and Oakwood.
But in a response - which has been seen by the Derby Telegraph - Mr Robinson said the creation of the link road would present a huge “challenge” and was not a “realistic” possibility at this moment of time.
The outgoing chief executive also said that creating a new road "will not necessarily solve the problem" and added that a solution was needed which would reduce peak period travel time or change working patterns.
Mr Robinson said: “Calls for this ‘relief road' have gained some popularity in the last few days and my message to all those seeking to promote such must be that a new route across private land traversing a steep hillside will have its challenges.
“Land ownership not withstanding, if this were to proceed and we had secured the funding to undertake the proposal, we would need to understand how such a route would impact on current traffic flows where merely diverting a flow of traffic from one route to another can cause other non-anticipated impacts further afield by changes in driver choice and depositing vehicles elsewhere on the network.
“No route is formally protected in the city's plans and neither is there any realistic prospect of such a scheme being promoted in the immediate future.
"Any such new road would need to be developer led based on the construction mitigating the direct impacts of their/a development scheme.”
Later in the letter they add: “Adding a new road will not necessarily solve the problem as users will make informed judgements of all routes to arrive at their destination.
"A more radical change is probably needed that reduces the peak period travel time spreading the numbers over a larger time period or even reducing the numbers by changes in working patterns.”
The response from Mr Robinson has been criticised by Mrs Hart who described the letter they received as “disappointing”.
They said: “I am very disappointed, to say the least, at the response to my request of the possibility of a link road to try and alleviate the increasing pressures of traffic through Breadsall village.
“This can only get worse with the new developments which are taking place at Lime Lane and the proposed development on the land at Mansfield Road.
“The ‘rat run' that Breadsall village has become is only going to get worse and Derby City Council should be looking seriously at anything that can be done to relieve the volume of traffic through Breadsall and the close surrounding area.
“The devastating impact these two developments within their boundary will have, for Mr Robinson just to say drivers should look for alternative routes or work times should be staggered is no help at all.”
Auxano Global Services - a web and mobile application development company announces the launch of its new website in an exemplary manner.
logo
Contact
Auxano Global Services
209-348-9807
***@auxanoglobalservices.com Auxano Global Services209-348-9807
End
-- Auxano Global Services - a web and mobile application development company announces the launch of its new website in an exemplary manner. The new website incorporates multiple advanced features to issue seamless browsing experience to it's visitors. The website is crafted to be a mobile responsive so as to perfectly showcase each webpages without any type of elimination. Content is reproduced to provide all the essential information to the users, without giving a lack of conviction. The new website goes live today, and is located at the same address Auxano Global Services.All the web and mobile services provided by the company is structurally categorized for faster access. Not only that, many new services like iWatch development, Android watch development, ionic app development, Internet of Things(IoT) and many more is listed out in it. The contact form of the company is restructured to issue user-friendliness etiquette and along with it 24x7 chat facility option is also imbibed in the website. Social networking sites like facebook, linkedIn, Twitter and G+ is strongly linked with the website, for visitors to share the current technical blogs posted on the website. Loading time of the website is drastically reduced to facilitate quick access. Visitors usually gets frustrated when internet connectivity is at its lowest point, but our website is compressed in a manner that it can be seamlessly experienced on any web browsers on the globe despite low internet bandwidth.Auxano Global Services has been engaged in web application development for more than a decade. The web developers here are tech savvy and experienced in designing and developing websites in various technologies like PHP, Asp.Net, Joomla, WordPress etc. When it comes to mobile application development our mobile developers possess hardcore experience in building exquisite android and iPhone applications. Our web and mobile portfolio is swelled up with quality web and mobile apps, wherein a list of satisfactory and positive reviews are alluring our prospective clients.Now the surfers can obtain all the info about the parent company Gujarat Enterprise of Auxano Global Services along with the career and business achievements details of the president of the organisation. Two new certifications that the company has acquired- ie from Clutch and GoodFirms is exhibited and linked here. After continuously, delivering dedicated world-class web and mobile development services, we feel proud to tag ISO 27001:2013 certification mark on our website. Our clients can't resist themselves to regard us for our quality and business oriented service delivery. This fact is explored on our video testimonial section of our website.Auxano Global Services - website will be periodically updated with the latest technical and informative blogs, business acquisition, business activity, events and investors and financial information. We strongly encourage the visitors to look at the nook and corner of the website and sign up for the direct emails from the company at
Rock superstars Queen with frontman Adam Lambert will rock the UK with dates including Leeds and Sheffield Arenas, it was announced today.
As part of a 24-date European tour they play Leeds, First Direct Arena on Tuesday, December 6 and Sheffield Arena on Friday, December 8.
The tour will showcase a spectacular new stage production and a set list, which the band hints will provide some surprises.
It is expected the set list will pay tribute to the 40th anniversary this year of Queen's biggest-selling studio album, 1977's News of the World - which yielded the immortal anthems We Will Rock You and We Are the Champions.
The shows will mark the band's first full British tour in almost three years, having last performed across the UK in January 2015 when they played 10 sold out shows.
For their 2017 tour, the band will unveil a brand-new show including a specially designed state-of-the-art production.
Queen drummer and co-founder Roger Taylor insists the 2017 today said the tour “will look entirely different to the show we took around before".
They said: "Production has really changed a lot, the things you can do now, you have a much broader palette, the technology has really come along. But we don't use it all. We don't play to click track. It's 100% live. We're planning on doing stuff we either haven't done before or haven't done for a long time. We started as an albums band, that's what we were. The fact that we had hits was just a byproduct.”
Guitarist Brian May confirms Queen's 2017 shows will have a more ambitious musical agenda.
They said: “The general public knows the hits, so you've got to cater for that, but we can chuck in a few things that people really don't expect. We'll do quite a bit more of that this time around. There are so many dimensions to Adam, which of course fits with our music. They can get down and do the rock stuff really dirty, and you have all those dimensions, and we can explore that even more.”
We Will Rock You...Queen and Adam Lambert announce UK tour.
Adam Lambert welcomes the challenge of digging deeper into the band's canon of classics.
They said: “What people should know if they came to the shows a couple of years back, is obviously we will still be playing the big hit songs you know and love from Queen, but we thought it would be good to challenge ourselves a bit.
“Change it up a little bit, change the visuals, change all the technology, change the set list to some degree. We will probably be pulling some other songs out of the Queen catalogue which we haven't done before, which I am very excited about.”
Today's announcement comes just weeks after details emerged of a 26-date summer tour of North America. The band will now return to Europe later this year for a series of 24 dates.
Queen with Adam Lambert to playLeeds, First Direct Arenaon Tuesday, December 6 andSheffieldArenaonFriday, December 8, 2017.
Their only UK appearance in 2016 was a one-off headlining set at the closing night of the Isle of Wight Festival, part of a 15-date European summer festival tour. Isle of Wight festival organiser John Giddings credited the band with “the greatest show we have ever had”.
* Tickets for the Sheffield Arena show go on general sale at 10am on Friday (April 21), priced £88.48 and £77.28. Buy in person, visit www.sheffieldarena.co.uk or call the box office on 0114 256 5656.
Queen + Adam Lambert Tour Dates 2017
EUROPE
Wed 1st November Prague, Czech Republic, O2 Arena
Thu 2nd November Munich, Germany, Olympiahalle
Sat 4th November Budapest, Hungary, Sportarena
Mon 6th November Lodz, Poland, Atlas Arena
Wed 8th November Vienna, Austria, Stadhalle
Fri 10th November Bologna, Italy, Unipol Arena
Sun 12th November Luxembourg, Amneville Galaxie
Mon 13th November Amsterdam, Netherlands, Ziggo Dome
Fri 17th November Kaunas, Lithuania, Zalgiris Arena
UK & IRELAND
Sat 25th November Dublin, 3 Arena
Sun 26th November Belfast, SSE Arena
Tue 28th November Liverpool, Echo Arena
Thu 30th November Birmingham, Barclaycard Arena
Fri 1st December Newcastle, Metro Radio Arena
Sun 3rd December Glasgow, The SSE Hydro
Tue 5th December Nottingham Motorpoint Arena
Tue 6th December Leeds, First Direct Arena
Fri 8th December Sheffield Arena
Sat 9th December Manchester, Arena
Tues 12thDecember London, 02 Arenas
Fri 15th December London, The SSE Arena, Wembley
UK & Ireland Ticket Information
General admission standing: £69.00. Reserved seating: £79.00. VIP Packages available. Ticket purchases limited to six per person visit www.ticketmaster.co.uk and www.ticketmaster.ie
Islamic State claimed responsibility for a suicide car bomb in Baghdad's Sadr City district on Monday which killed 24 people and wounded 67 others.
Amaq news agency, a site linked to the militants, said in a statement distributed online that the attack had targeted a gathering of Shia Muslims, which the ultra-hardline Sunni group considers apostates.
Islamic State regularly targets civilian areas in the heavily fortified capital, even after losing most of the northern and western territory it seized in 2014.
Three bombs killed 29 people across the capital on Saturday, and an attack near the southern city of Najaf on Sunday left seven police officers dead.
US-backed Iraqi forces are currently fighting to push Islamic State, the Sunni Muslim militant group, from the northern city of Mosul, the fighters' last major stronghold in the country, but are facing fierce resistance.
The recapture of Mosul would probably spell the end for Islamic State's self-styled caliphate, but the militants would still be capable of fighting a guerrilla-style insurgency in Iraq, and plotting or inspiring attacks on the West.
Since the offensive began on October 17th, elite forces have retaken a quarter of Mosul in the biggest ground operation in Iraq since the 2003 US-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein. Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has said the group would be driven out of the country by April.
As clashes continued in and around Mosul on Monday, Islamic State also targeted military positions away from the main battlefield.
Militants attacked an army barracks near Baiji, 180 km north of Baghdad, killing four soldiers and wounding 12 people, including Sunni tribal fighters, army and police sources said.
They seized weapons there and launched mortars at nearby Shirqat, forcing security forces to impose a curfew and close schools and offices in the town, according to local officials and security sources.
ADVERTISEMENT
Shirqat mayor Ali Dodah said Islamic State seized three checkpoints on the main road linking Baiji to Shirqat following the attacks. Shelling in Shirqat had killed at least two children, they told Reuters by phone.
In a separate incident, gunmen broke into a village near Udhaim, 90 km north of Baghdad, where they executed nine Sunni tribal fighters with shots to the head, police and medical sources said.
At least three pro-government Shia militia fighters were also killed and seven wounded when militants attacked their position near Udhaim with mortar rounds and machine guns, police sources said.
Reuters
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio's proclamation that March 17 should be renamed ‘Gerry Adams Day' has been labelled “farcical” by the father of an IRA victim.
They bestowed the honour on the former Sinn Fein president during a St Patrick's Day breakfast in the US on Saturday.
Colin Parry, whose 12-year-old son Tim was killed in the IRA bombing of Warrington in March 1993, branded the move “completely inappropriate”.
Speaking to the News Letter yesterday – just one day ahead of the 25th anniversary commemoration service for the Warrington victims – Mr Parry said: “I have no problem crediting people like Gerry Adams and Martin McGuinness for leaving behind the armed struggle and embracing peace.
“But to go a stage further and bestow such an honour on Gerry Adams is farcical. I am not going to say it causes me offence personally, but I know it will cause considerable offence and hurt to many people.
“This demonstrates that the views of many Irish Americans are distorted when it comes to the IRA. It strikes me that many of them see republicans through rose-tinted spectacles and always have.”
At a special event ahead of the annual parade along Fifth Avenue, Mr de Blasio heaped praise on Mr Adams and said they “did not accept injustice, they did not tolerate it and they fought against it”.
They added: “He understood there was no place in this world anymore for colonialism and they fought against it ... great ideas never die. I want to honour them for pursuit of a goal that makes so much sense – a goal for a united Ireland.”
Ann Travers, whose sister Mary was murdered by the IRA in 1984, said the mayor had trampled “on the graves of IRA terrorist victims” by making the gesture.
UUP MLA Steve Aiken said Mr de Blasio's eulogy was a “kick in the teeth for the victims of terrorism”.
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Russian championship matches on Saturday Saturday, August 12 Anzhi Makhachkala 1 Dynamo Moscow 3 CSKA Moscow 2 Spartak Moscow 1 FC Ufa 1 Rostov 4 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Zenit St Petersburg 5 4 1 0 11 3 13 2 Rostov 6 4 1 1 8 3 13 ------------------------- 3 Lokomotiv Moscow 5 4 1 0 7 2 13 ------------------------- 4 CSKA Moscow 6 4 0 2 11 8 12 5 FC Krasnodar 5 3 1 1 8 6 10 ------------------------- 6 Akhmat Groznyi 5 3 0 2 8 6 9 ------------------------- 7 FC Ufa 6 2 3 1 6 7 9 8 Spartak Moscow 6 2 2 2 8 9 8 9 Dynamo Moscow 6 2 1 3 8 7 7 10 Rubin Kazan 5 2 1 2 7 7 7 11 FC Ural 5 1 4 0 5 4 7 12 FC Tosno 5 1 0 4 3 7 3 ------------------------- 13 SKA-Khabarovsk 5 1 0 4 2 6 3 14 Arsenal Tula 5 1 0 4 3 7 3 ------------------------- 15 Anzhi Makhachkala 6 1 0 5 3 10 3 16 Amkar Perm 5 0 1 4 0 6 1 1-2: Champions League / EC I 3: Champions League preliminary round 4-5: Europa League preliminary round 6: Europa League depending on domestic cup 13-14: Relegation play-off 15-16: Relegation Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, August 13 SKA-Khabarovsk v Rubin Kazan (0800) Lokomotiv Moscow v FC Tosno (1430) FC Krasnodar v Amkar Perm (1700) Zenit St Petersburg v Akhmat Groznyi (1700) Monday, August 14 Arsenal Tula v FC Ural (1630)
April 6 Consolidated-Tomoka Land Co -
* Consolidated Tomoka announces purchase of single-tenant retail property in metro Boston, Massachusetts for $6.3 million
* As a result of the acquisition, co has re-invested 100% of proceeds from Minto sale utilizing 1031 like-kind exchange strategy
* Property purchased using, among others, remaining proceeds from $27.2 million sale of about 1,581 acres to Minto Communities Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
“I think so many accusations, so many cuts, so many drips, drip, drip. When it got to the 14-year-old story, that was enough for me. I said I couldn't vote for Roy Moore.”
Dear Alabama Republicans,
Your own Republican Senator, Richard Shelby did not vote for Roy Moore. We are counting on you to not vote for an alleged child molester to represent your state. Do the right thing.
Sincerely,
Americahttps://t.co/3iBsiynv4H — Michael Skolnik (@MichaelSkolnik) December 10, 2017
The mounting controversy against GOP Senate candidate and alleged sexual predator Roy Moore is not only creating problems for the candidate but now it seems the members of the party are not on the same page as well.
Alabama Sen. Richard Shelby appeared on CNN's "State of the Union" where they spoke out against Moore and said they didn't vote for him.
“I couldn't vote for Roy Moore, I didn't vote for Roy Moore, but I wrote in a distinguished Republican name, and I think a lot of people could do that. I think the Republican Party can do better,” they said.
Shelby also said they knew why President Donald Trump continued to stand with Moore.
“I understand where the president is coming from; we would've liked to retain that seat in the US Senate. But I tell you what, there's a time — we call it a tipping point. And I think so many accusations, so many cuts, so many drips, drip, drip. When it got to the 14-year-old story that was enough for me. I said I couldn't vote for Roy Moore,” said Shelby.
Since the allegations against Moore came forward, Shelby joined several other Republicans in speaking out against Moore and also suggested they should drop out of the race.
The comments by the Republican come just a day before the special election in Alabama is set to take place.
On the contrary, Trump is determined to campaign for Moore.
The president has recorded automated phone calls in order to support him. The calls will go to households just a day before the election day.
Trump initially broke silence on Moore's sexual misconduct allegations and said, “Look, they deny it. If you look at all the things that have happened over the last 48 hours. They totally deny it. They say it didn't happen. And look, you have to look at them also.”
However, later in a series of tweets, Trump went on a Twitter rant and pretty much endorsed Moore.
“The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime, WEAK on the Border, Bad for our Military and our great Vets, Bad for our 2nd Amendment, AND WANTS TO Raise TAXES TO THE SKY. Jones would be a disaster!” Trump said.
In another tweet, Trump expressed their strong support for Moore and said Republicans needed Moore to win to secure votes on key issues such as immigration.
“Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama,” they wrote.
On the other hand, Moore dismissed the sexual assault allegations and said they were part of a plot to defame them before the elections.
“Ritual defamation has been around for a long time, and that's what this is. I had no encounter with them. I have never molested anyone,” they said.
If people from their own party who share the same views vote against him, how can the president urge the public to vote for an alleged child molester.
Read More Sarah Sanders Left Tongue-Tied As Reporter Grilled Them Over Roy Moore
Spotlight, Banner: Reuters, Aaron P. Bernstein
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We've all seen Mohamed Salah rip apart the Premier League this season, but how hard it when you're the man tasked with stopping him?
Well, Watford's Miguel Britos has gone some way to explain.
In an interview with the official club wesite, Britos admitted that Salah left them feeling ‘very tired' as they banged in four goals during Liverpool's 5-0 thrasing of the Hornets on Saturday.
The 32-year-old defender also apologised to fans for the display in an open and honest interview following their return from a spell out injured.
“Everyone is upset, angry as well because we didn't play the way we wanted or prepared,” they told Watford's official website .
“It's hard to lose like that. Especially me after three months out.
“I did a lot of mistakes and I want to forget this game as quickly as possibly and to prepare for the next game at home for three points.
“Salah is very strong player, very quick, they played on my side and today we defended with a five- three and they were always wider on my side.
“So a lot of times I had to run with them one-to-one and it's normal he's quicker than me and today they were good.
“I'm very tired, like I said before maybe the first two three sprints after that I was in a rush, I needed to breathe, the intensity of the match was very high, because they started very strong, pressing us higher and it was very, very difficult for me today.
“I think we have to learn about this, try harder - it's the only way.
“I want to say sorry for the fans because they come so far and thank you for their support and I feel sorry for the result.”
Klopp on Salah
Mo Salah's blistering form has taken Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp by surprise as they admitted they didn't think the Egyptian would be this good, report The Mirror.
The striker took their tally to 36 for the season with four goals in the 5-0 win over Watford on Saturday - the most ever for a player in their first Reds season.
Klopp told said that Salah's form at previous club Roma, where they played slightly behind a tall frontman, was not as prolific saying:
“He played more on the wing in Rome for example where they had a very dominant striker in Edin Dzeko.
“Nobody could know (that they could play as a striker). We learnt it step by step. We didn't know exactly that he's (capable) of playing in the centre. He's had games. It's normal when you're 1-0 up and you leave them in the centre with the counter-attack.
“We will not treat them like, ‘You don't have to train, Mo – just come on Saturday for the game and we'll see you there at Anfield or whatever'.
“He doesn't want that. He's exactly in the moment of their career but they know there is a lot for them to come. They want to learn and they want to improve.
“When did we realise they could play in the centre? It was early. Without consistency we couldn't know but in the pre-season we knew.”
While Salah drew plaudits for their goals, the Liverpool winger also prompted applause from several team-mates and an appreciative Klopp on the touchline for tracking back to prevent a Watford attack during the first half.
“I think there was one situation in the first half – they don't love defending as they love attacking but he's still involved,” said Klopp of Salah's defensive duties. “Thank God to Roberto (Firmino) that he's doing all of these things without thinking.
“He (Salah) does it. But sometimes they need a little... (reminder). A lot of my players need that.
“It's not that we speak about it. Don't misunderstand me, it's only a thing, it's not exactly the same strength. If you talk about Roberto, Roberto loves running in that (forward) direction, and chasing the players. If I said to him, ‘Stop it'. They couldn't.
“He runs all the time but then Mo didn't stop as well tonight in the other direction. They took each sprint like the 100 metre final in the Olympic Games. That's what I mean, the team adapts to the strengths.
“You need to learn as a team, ‘Where is he?' because there isn't always time for searching. That's all. It's normal work.
“What you have to do is what we did (with Salah). You have to bring them more often in the positions where they can score or be involved in games.
“He's not only a striker, and whatever only a striker is, only a finisher. It's not like they are not involved in anything else. He's a very interesting package.”
Salah's thoughts
Mohamed Salah apologised to Watford goalkeeper Orestis Karnezis after firing four goals past them in Liverpool's 5-0 victory.
Salah was in such clinical form that they felt compelled to say sorry to the Hornets stopper after their starring role at Anfield.
They were seen mouthing the apology to Karnezis at the final whistle.
The Egyptian's record-breaking season shows no signs of slowing down as their tally put them in pole position for the Premier League's golden boot.
Their first hat-trick for the club took their haul to 36 for the campaign and their 28 in the top flight – four better than Tottenham's injured Harry Kane – is the best in Europe's big five leagues.
Not far behind is Roberto Firmino, who marked the best goalscoring season of their career with an exquisite backheel for their 23rd in all competitions against a Hornets side who presented little challenge as Liverpool bounced back from last weekend's defeat at Old Trafford.
With Manchester United and Tottenham both involved in FA Cup action, Jurgen Klopp's side moved back into third place, two points either side of their top-four rivals.
It was Salah who stole the show again with their opener after four minutes drawing comparisons with Barcelona's Lionel Messi – and not for the first time.
The £38million summer signing exchanged passes with Sadio Mane before chasing down the ball in the penalty area and setting off on one of those driving, jinking runs which inevitably leaves defenders on their backside.
Miguel Britos was the unfortunate victim on this occasion, getting a worm's eye view as Salah fired an angled shot past Orestis Karnezis to become the third Liverpool player to score at least 25 Premier League goals in a single season after Luis Suarez (2013-14) and Robbie Fowler (1995-96 and 1994-95).
It was a goal so good it required a second look and many of Liverpool's substitutes left their seats on the bench to view it on a pitchside monitor.
If that was good the goal which completed their hat-trick was even better and similarly Messi-esque.
Mane cut in from the right to feed the ball in and despite being surrounded by defenders and falling over Salah somehow managed to conjure a low shot inside the far post.
The middle goal of their treble two minutes before half-time was less individual and more team-orientated as the ever-improving £8million bargain-buy Andrew Robertson exchanged passes with Mane before sliding in a cross which Salah could not fail to convert.
Even at that stage it appeared the game was beyond the visitors, but Firmino made sure five minutes into the second half when they backheeled Salah's near-post cross through their legs and inside the far post, eclipsing their previous career best of 22 for Hoffenheim in 2013-14.
Roberto Pereya's inswinging free-kick on to the top of the crossbar was Watford's only moment of respite as the red tide continued to crash forward and with it, inevitably, came more Salah goals.
After completing their hat-trick with some penalty area trickery the Egyptian rifled home substitute Danny Ings' rebounded shot to become the first Liverpool player since Suarez against Norwich in December 2013 to net four times in a single game.
Gary Barber, who headed up the studio as it released Bond films Spectre and Skyfall, will leave the position, MGM announced.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer has parted ways with its chief executive months after their contract was extended into 2022.
The departure of Gary Barber, who headed up the studio during its Bond films Spectre and Skyfall, was announced on Monday but no reason was given.
MGM had announced in December that it extended Mr Barber's contract into 2022.
Barber was in charge of MGM during two Daniel Craig Bond films (John Stillwell/PA)
Announcing the departure, board chairperson Kevin Ulrich said the studio is looking for the “next generation of leadership” and has begun a search for Mr Barber's replacement.
“On behalf of MGM's board of directors, I would like to thank Gary for their contributions and for leading MGM with the highest integrity over the last eight years,” Mr Ulrich added.
“Gary has played a key role in the development and execution of our strategic plan, which laid an important foundation for MGM.”
A spokesperson did not respond to a request for information as to why they are departing.
MGM is scheduled to give a business update on March 28.
© Press Association 2018
A red-hot steel plate passes through a press at the ArcelorMittal steel plant in Ghent, Belgium, July 7, 2016. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir/File Photo
BRUSSELS The European Commission said on Friday it regretted a U.S. decision to impose anti-dumping measures on steel plate exported from Europe, adding that the duties were "artificially inflated".
The U.S. Department of Commerce set duties of up to 148 percent on cut-to-length plate from seven producers from Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan, prompting Germany to urge the EU to file a WTO complaint.
The Commission had been active during the procedure supporting the European exporters concerned, a spokesperson said.
"Unfortunately, our comments and notably those concerning the use by the US of methodologies which artificially inflate the preliminary dumping margins have not been given expected consideration," the spokesperson said.
The final duties were in many cases higher than the preliminary duties set in November.
"We will look now into the detail of the decision taken by the US and consider the appropriate steps," they continued.
(Reporting By Philip Blenkinsop; editing by Robert-Jan Bartunek)
March 29 Sino Horizon Holdings Ltd:
* Says its subsidiary will use 8 million yuan to set up supermarket management company in Shanghai
* Says the subsidiary will hold 100 percent stake in the new company
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/HFeOa2
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
The Duchess of Cornwall revealed they always kept ketchup in the fridge for their grandchildren. Picture: Channel 10
The Duchess of Cornwall revealed they always kept ketchup in the fridge for their grandchildren. Picture: Channel 10
PRINCE Charles spends most of the year travelling around the world and sampling all sorts of local dishes.
But even the future King of England was left lost for words when they discovered they had just been served green ants by MasterChef's contestants.
During a highly-anticpated appearance on Wednesday night's episode of the cooking show, contestants were given the mammoth task of preparing a meal for the Prince of Wales.
Earlier in the episode, Duchess of Cornwall made a number of candid confessions about them and Prince Charles' food preferences, confirming they avoided garlic like the plague and always keep ketchup in their fridge.
The contestants were predictably shocked when they found out who they would be cooking for. Picture: Channel 10
To help them plan a menu, Camilla told MasterChef's contestants what the royal couple liked to eat.
Admitting they were "very good at a roast and vegetables" and loved olive oil, Camilla said Charles was a big fan of local cheeses and liked eating home grown food.
When asked by judge Gary Mehigan what foods they couldn't live without in their fridge, the Duchess of Cornwall had a surprising confession.
The Duchess of Cornwall revealed they always kept ketchup in the fridge for their grandchildren. Picture: Channel 10
"I have to have, if I haven't got fresh tomatoes, I'll always have tomato puree," Camilla said. "And I'm afraid to say, even ketchup. My grandchildren are rather addicted to ketchup."
Camilla and Charles share nine grandchildren and step grandchildren between them, including Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis.
When asked what food the contestants should absolutely not serve, Camilla didn't mince them words.
@ClarenceHouse on @masterchefau and I can hardly contain myself. Camilla just having a casual chat to Gary is the best thing ever #MasterChefAU pic.twitter.com/51mkrDLf8N — Loren (@leapinloren) 4 July 2018
"I hate to say this, but garlic," they said. "Garlic is a no-no."
"Because you're talking, chatting?" Gary asked.
"Exactly. It's always so - you just have to lay off the garlic," Camilla replied.
Setting out to impress the future king of England, contestants whipped an array of canapés using Australian ingredients.
While the wallaby tartare and goat's cheese mousse with bush spices were well received, pickled cucumber seasoned with green ants raised eyebrows.
That moment when you find out you just ate ANTS! 🐜😳 #MasterChefAU pic.twitter.com/SGyDUNvX5G — #MasterChefAU (@masterchefau) 4 July 2018
"I'm particularly partial about local ingredients. And that's what makes it so fascinating is the diversity. So, what are all these things?" Charles asked as they inspected the contestant's dishes.
We've got some muntries on here, local green ants on these canapés," judge Matt Preston explained.
"Green ants!" Charles exclaimed with shock.
"This is something I'll remember forever!" Our contestants had the once in a lifetime opportunity to not only cater for Their Royal Highness, The Prince of Wales but also to meet him. @ClarenceHouse #MasterChefAU pic.twitter.com/nazeRY1NuC — #MasterChefAU (@masterchefau) 4 July 2018
Revealing their "darling wife" watched MasterChef, the prince also had some words of advice for the contestants.
"it's always worth competing, even if you don't win, isn't it?" they said.
The entire industry knows the equation Katrina Kaif and Deepika Padukone share with each other; courtesy, their past relationship with Ranbir Kapoor. Well, let's leave that in the past! What's new?
Well, we hear that Katrina Kaif is being considered for playing the female lead in Rohit Shetty's next that stars Ranveer Singh in the lead role.
Here's What It Was Reported.. Earlier it was report by Mumbai Mirror, "Kaif has been meeting various filmmakers in a bid to revive their career post their break-up with Ranbir Kapoor, and, among others, Shetty has been keen to cast her." Ranveer Will Ensure Kat's Career Graph Stays Upwards "If Kaif is signed on, their teaming with Ranveer will be a first. After their already underway films with Salman Khan and Aamir Khan, Ranveer Singh will ensure their career graph only stays upwards." Rohit Shetty Clears The Air However, Rohit Shetty has refuted the rumours of approaching Katrina opposite and said to Pinkvilla, "I am shooting in Hyderabad, I don't know where this story has started coming from. Nobody has been approached for the role as of now." Deepika-Katrina's Past On a related note, Katrina-Deepika's much-hyped cat-fight started when Ranbir Kapoor had ditched Deepika Padukone for Katrina Kaif. Maintaining Distance Since Forever Ever since, Katrina & Deepika have never been on good terms. Be it an award night or party, the duo have always maintained a safe distance from each other. Katrina's Work Front Coming back to Katrina's work front, they were last seen in Jagga Jasoos, opposite their ex-boyfriend, Ranbir Kapoor. But sadly, their film didn't create much buzz like their break-up. Katrina's Next With The Khans  They are currently shooting with Salman Khan for Tiger Zinda Hai and have also shot few sequences for Aamir Khan's Thugs Of Hindostan. After a while, they will also kick-start the shoot of Aanand L Rai's next that stars Shahrukh Khan in the lead role. Deepika, On The Other Side On the other side, Deepika Padukone will be next seen in Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Padmavati, opposite Ranveer Singh and Shahid Kapoor. After they finish the shoot of Padmavati, they will start focusing on another project, Sapna Didi.
Coming back to Ranveer-Katrina's pairing, what's your thought on the same? Let us know in the comments section below!
NEW YORK, March 29 Bank of America's Merrill Lynch said it is reducing the number of business divisions it has nationwide from 10 to six and changing some of the executives leading those units, according to a memo sent to employees Wednesday.
The head of Merrill Lynch Wealth Management Andy Sieg told the firm's roughly 14,500 brokers that the move was part of an effort to "make the organization feel like a smaller, more tightly integrated firm." (Reporting By Elizabeth Dilts; Editing by David Gregorio)
COOL IT: Money has been allocated in the budget to investigate a water park.
THE Bundaberg Regional Council will spend $130 million on major projects in the region after the annual budget was adopted this morning.
Included in this is $200,000 to investigate the Bundaberg Aquatic Centre and redevelopment of Anzac Pool, as well as $8 million for the CBD revitalisation.
Here is a list of the top six capital works projects in the pipeline.
A zipline could be in the works as part of plans for the Botanic Gardens. Contributed Craig Golding ROK140
1. $500,000 for ropes course
The council plans to utilise the popularity of the Botanic Gardens by spending $500,000 to build a natural-themed play area. The area could include a ropes course complete with zipline.
"The design of the play area will be a departure from the traditional plastic play zones," the council said.
Picnic and fitness nodes are also on the cards for Barolin Point and Innes Park.
In total, $2.7 million will be spent on parks across the region, including the finalisation of Christsen Park, barbecue shelters and shade sails.
The old fire station will be turned into an arts and innovation hub. Hayley Nissen
2. $500,000 for a new art centre
The old fire station will be turned into the Bundaberg Arts and Innovation Hub - Live Fire - at a cost of $500,000. Preliminary artist impressions show the centre will accommodate an innovation hub, retail space, shared meeting rooms, hot-desk workstations, a cafe, kitchen, dressing rooms, performance space, lobby, a hanging garden and artist in residence accommodation.
"With the the fire station relocating to a new facility, the opportunity exists to transform the current fire station into a relevant community space."
Could Bundaberg have a water park facility like the Fraser Coast's Wetside? Courtney Becht
3. $200,000 for water park
For those whose chorus rings loud about the need for a water park in the region, their wishes are gaining traction.
The council will allocate $200,000 to investigate a Bundaberg Aquatic Centre and the redevelopment of Anzac Pool.
It is the first step in getting a water park here and forms part of $22.15 million allocated to major projects in the region.
Council will spend money to beautify the streetscape leading to the Bundaberg Rum Distillery. Craig Warhurst
4. $1 million for beautification of East Bundaberg
Council will spend $1 million to upgrade the streetscape surrounding East Bundaberg. This comes on the back of $8.5 million that was spent by Bundaberg Rum to finalise their Bundaberg Rum Distillery Visitor Experience. This money means visitors to the region who want to experience some of our attractions will have a good first impression of the area.
A whopping $8 million has been announced for the Bundaberg CBD revitalisation project. Mike Knott BUN221216CBD58
5. $8 million for CBD
There will be a "new shine on a true diamond" with $8 million from the council budget allocated to the revitalisation of the Bundaberg CBD.
The money will allow stage 1a of the revitalisation from Maryborough to Targo Sts to go ahead.
"This is our shopping heart which encompasses our financial and services sectors," the council said.
Zunker Street at Burnett Heads will get a makeover. Mike Knott BUN310117ZUNKER1
6. $4.8 million for Burnett Heads
The redevelopment of the Burnett Heads CBD is a step closer, with $4.8 million dedicated to bringing it to fruition.
Part of suggested improvements include street resurfacing, improved kerb and channel, footpaths, pedestrian crossings and street furniture.
A centrally located shared zone near the Lighthouse Hotel is also proposed.
The works will tie in with the activity happening at present around the port, including the Knauf plasterboard factory and pre-scuttling works for the ex-HMAS Torbruk. It will also benefit from being declared a State Development Area as development at Burnett Heads is poised for significant growth.
The Jodi House Brain Injury Support Center is starting the summer off with a new executive director, Eryn Eckert.
Eckert holds a doctoral degree from Claremont Graduate University in psychology, and has worked as an advocate for vulnerable populations for more than 20 years.
Prior to joining Jodi House, they worked in senior management at Friendship Adult Day Care Center and more recently Storyteller Children's Center.
Eckert has known of Jodi House for many years through their work in the Santa Barbara community, and is honored to be working with the organization to help brain injury survivors and their families recover and reconnect to their community.
Jodi House is a community-based nonprofit serving survivors of stroke, aneurism, traumatic and acquired brain injuries. It provides an activity-based, peer-driven day program, consisting of both structured and unstructured activities. Support groups, communication skills, exercise, music, art, Spanish language, job skills, community outings and educational presentations are all designed to help brain injury survivors strengthen their physical and cognitive skills in a nurturing, community-based environment.
Jodi House also links survivors and their families to various agencies that support mental wellness, continued medical care and rehabilitation, vocational resources, social services and education programs.
— Barbara Flynn is a member of the Board of Directors for the Jodi House Brain Injury Support Center.
JOHANNESBURG, March 31 A key figure in the ruling African National Congress (ANC) said the party was unhappy with President Jacob Zuma's decision to fire Pravin Gordhan as finance minister in a cabinet reshuffle that has rocked South Africa's markets and currency.
"We were given a list that was complete, and in my own view as a secretary I felt like this list has been developed somewhere else and was given to us to legitimise it," ANC Secretary General Gwede Mantashe told Talk Radio 702.
"The process made me a little bit jittery and uncomfortable," Mantashe, who is the second most powerful individual in the ANC after Zuma, said on Friday. (Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana; Editing by Alexander Smith)
Phoenix Law Firm Announces Law Student Scholarship law- school- scholarship- flyer PHOENIX - April 17, 2017 - PRLog --
Having a law degree confers many benefits, together, the firm believes, with certain responsibilities. Attending law school and obtaining a law degree, however, are both expensive and time-consuming. The scholarship is designed to alleviate to a degree the financial pressure associated with the legal education process. The $1,000 award will be paid in the form of tuition to the law school chosen by the scholarship winner.
The scholarship is open to United States citizens who are attending, or who will in the near future be attending, a U.S. law school accredited by the American Bar Association.
Individuals interested in applying for the scholarship should visit the Black Wynn
All questions should be submitted via email (if possible) and directed to:
Black Wynn PLLC
40 North Central Avenue, Suite 1400
Phoenix, Arizona 85004
480-665-7324
email
Media Contact
David Black
480-665-7324
michael@blackwynn.com
Photo:
https://www.prlog.org/ 12632867/1 David Black480-665-7324 End -- Black Wynn PLLC , a Phoenix law firm, has announced a new scholarship for law students. The scholarship will be in the form of a $1,000 tuition payment to the law school attended by (or to be attended by) the successful applicant.Having a law degree confers many benefits, together, the firm believes, with certain responsibilities. Attending law school and obtaining a law degree, however, are both expensive and time-consuming. The scholarship is designed to alleviate to a degree the financial pressure associated with the legal education process. The $1,000 award will be paid in the form of tuition to the law school chosen by the scholarship winner.The scholarship is open to United States citizens who are attending, or who will in the near future be attending, a U.S. law school accredited by the American Bar Association.Individuals interested in applying for the scholarship should visit the Black Wynn website . The website provides the information concerning the scholarship, as well as the specifics of the application and the application process. The deadline for the completion and submission of applications is February 23, 2018, and the decision on the winner of the scholarship will be made no later than March 23, 2018.All questions should be submitted via email (if possible) and directed to:Black Wynn PLLC40 North Central Avenue, Suite 1400Phoenix, Arizona 85004480-665-7324email michael@blackwynn.com Source : Black Wynn PLLC Email : ***@blackwynn.com Tags : Scholarship , Law School Industry : Education , Legal Location : Phoenix - Arizona - United States Account Phone Number Disclaimer Report Abuse Account Email AddressAccount Phone Number
MEXICO CITY, April 20 Mexican state-run oil company Pemex plans a second deepwater "farm-out" joint venture in the Maximino and Nobilis areas in the Gulf of Mexico where super light crude has been found near the U.S. border, two people familiar with the matter said this week.
The people said Pemex will likely seek approval in June from the National Hydrocarbons Commission (CNH), the industry regulator, to launch a tender for partners with the aim of announcing a winner in December.
"Maximino-Nobilis may be assigned in December and we hope the CNH will announce it in June," said one of the sources. The people spoke on condition of anonymity because the plans are not yet public.
Pemex did not immediately reply to requests for comment.
The farm-outs are a central pillar of the government's efforts to lure investment to Mexico since Congress opened up the country's long-closed oil and gas industry to private investment in a legislative drive between 2013 and 2014.
Under the farm-outs, Pemex cannot choose which company would help it develop each project. The ultimate decision lies with the CNH following a round of competitive bids.
The process allows Pemex to share the risks and rewards of expensive deepwater oil development projects.
Australian mining and energy company BHP Billiton in December won the right to partner with Pemex in the first deepwater farm-out for the Trion light oil field, less than 50 miles (80 km) from the U.S.-Mexico maritime border.
A separate, shallow water farm-out auction for the Ayin-Batsil field is due to take place in October.
Pemex has sunk two wells in Maximino at a depth of 3,000 meters, discovering super light crude.
In September 2016, Pemex said it had found super light crude in its Nobilis-1 well, also at some 3,000 meters.
Both areas lie in the Perdido fold belt, like Trion. (Reporting by Adriana Barrera; Editing by Dave Graham and Matthew Lewis)
End
-- Moss & Associates has promoted Stephen Chang to Vice President/Project Executive. Chang, who has more than 17 years of experience in the South Florida construction management industry, first joined Moss in 2005, as assistant project manager.In their new capacity, Chang will oversee multi-million dollar projects from preconstruction through project completion, with a special emphasis on LEED projects."Stephen has been a critical asset to the continuous growth of our company," said Scott Moss, president of Moss & Associates. "His knowledge and LEED project experience has helped them become a leader within our industry. We are sure they will continue to lead Moss the right direction as we continue our national expansion."Chang was named one of ENR's 2014 Top 20 Under 40, which recognizes the excellence of young construction professionals. They serve as the president of the United States Green Building Council South Florida Region and is a member of the Cooper City Church of God.Chang received their Bachelor of Science in building construction from University of Florida. They have been LEED AP BD+C since 2007. Chang resides with their wife and three children in Davie.Moss & Associates ( www.mosscm.com ) is a national privately held construction firm providing innovative solutions resulting in award-winning projects. With nine regional offices from Hawai'i to the Caribbean, Moss focuses on construction management at-risk, design-build, and public-private partnerships. The company's diverse portfolio encompasses a wide range of sectors, including luxury high-rise residential, landmark mixed-use developments, hospitality, primary and higher education, justice and solar energy. Moss prides itself on a strong entrepreneurial culture that honors safety, quality, client engagement and employee development. Its employees consistently rank Moss as one of the best places to work
BEIJING China's vice premier on Thursday called for strict controls on property development in Xiongan, a new special economic zone in the northern province of Hebei, the official Xinhua news agency said.
"We want a reasonable pace of development, we need to strictly forbid large-scale real estate developments," the agency quoted Zhang Gaoli as telling a conference on efforts to integrate the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region.
Housing prices in the area needed to be strictly controlled and efforts to play the housing market would not be tolerated, they added.
Saturday's news of development plans sent bargain-hunters flocking to the area of roughly 100 sq km (39 sq miles), leading to a near doubling in average prices of apartments by Sunday.
China hopes to develop Xiongan into a global city, said Zhang Junkuo, Vice Minister at the Development Research Center of China's State Council, or cabinet, Xinhua said in a separate report.
But its economic development, including efforts to build a robust and skilled labor force, lags behind other global cities and the Chinese cities of Beijing and Tianjin, Zhang said.
On Thursday, China's central bank barred real estate agents from deceiving buyers into believing that commercial buildings could be converted into residential buildings.
The property market, which surged in 2016, has continued to shatter records this year, with authorities fearing a buildup in household debt, heightening banks' credit risks, and fanning resentment as home affordability wanes.
(Reporting by Sue-Lin Wong; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
NEW YORK, March 31 The Federal Reserve could pause interest rate hikes when it begins shedding its bond holdings, a move that would have little effect on financial markets, St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said on Friday.
"It's a possibility that you'd pause on the rate hike and end the reinvestment program," Bullard told reporters, adding the Fed could be ready to put out a plan for shrinking its $4.5 trillion balance sheet by the second half of this year. "I think it would have relatively minor effects on the market yields," they added.
(Reporting by Jonathan Spicer; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
By Campbell Burnes
Jordie Barrett looks set to stay with the Hurricanes for the short term, rather than head to Australia with the New Zealand Under 20s.
The official word was not clear from the Hurricanes yesterday, but with Nehe Milner-Skudder still on ice for a few more weeks and Barrett proving themselves as Super Rugby's rookie of the year from fullback, it looks as if they may forgo the Oceania Under 20 series in Australia.
The Hurricanes do, however, have the bye in round 10, so there may be flexibility in that thinking.
"I think the understanding was that Jordie is waiting on a bit of information on whether they are allowed to go, but he'll play this weekend and then we'll hear updates on that going forward," said Hurricanes assistant coach Jason Holland, adding that the younger Barrett had impressed with their maturity and phlegmatic approach.
"I presume, if they are going to be with the All Blacks, they won't be available for the Under 20s," Holland added, in answer to a question on how close they are to the top side.
The Under 20s are assembling in Auckland this weekend and Barrett had been named as squad vice-captain. They were likely to have missed only the May 5 clash with the Stormers anyway, as they were set to play this Friday against the Brumbies.
 They are more likely to see out most of the Hurricanes' May programme, before joining the side for their World Rugby Under 20s championship in Georgia, a tournament where their presence is important to the team's chances, either at No 12 or 15.
Having said that, the form of the 20-year-old Barrett has been of such high quality that they are possibly only an injury or two from cracking the All Black squad for the Lions tour.
In Hurricanes team news, lock Michael Fatialofa was due for a scan today, but is definitely scratched for the weekend, after dinging their knee, while Dane Coles and Matt Proctor are still doubtful for the Brumbies.
The Hurricanes lineout creaked against the Blues, so the onus will be on two-try hero Mark Abbott, who will possibly be joined in the second row by Vaea Fifita.
- NZ Herald
Luton council is investing around £3 million in 2018/19 on road maintenance, with most of the money going towards a programme of resurfacing, which will take place from July to November.
Money will also be spent on preventative work, which treats the surface of the carriageway, preventing potholes from forming.
The council also has an emergency repair response crew that attend potholes that have been reported within 24 hours, it also aims to repair damaged pavements greater than 20mm within 24 hours of assessment, street lights within five working days, blocked drains that result in flooding within 24 hours, non-urgent within 28 days and traffic signal faults within two hours.
So far this winter the council has received over 800 reports about potholes, and all those meeting the criteria have been repaired within 24 hours. To report a pothole call 01582 510333.
The Yaris marks Toyota's much awaited entry into the midsize sedan segment
Toyota is all set to launch the Yaris in India in the coming weeks. The pre-launch bookings of the sedan are already underway and we expect Toyota to price it between Rs 10 lakh and Rs 14 lakh.
Related: Toyota Yaris Expected Prices In India: Will It Undercut Honda City?
The Yaris' front looks relatively busy compared to the rest of the car. The wide and stretched headlamps leave limited room for the upper grille. A plus-size black lower grille with the air dam takes up most of the real estate on the bumper. Then there are those vertical fog lamp housings that make the Yaris look distinctly Toyota.
The Yaris' headlights look quite similar to those of the pre-facelift Corolla Altis' as far as their design is concerned. These pack halogen projectors instead of LED or Bi-xenon units. LED headlights are gradually becoming a norm in the segment and these are energy efficient as well and hence, we would have liked to see them on the Yaris. It does get LED DRLs, though, and automatic headlamps as well, but these are limited to the top variants only - DRLs (VX) and automatic headlamps (V and VX).
While the front is busy, as far as its design is concerned, the rear is simple and easy on the eyes. In fact, the Yaris' rear appears inspired by some of the German cars as far as the design and layout is concerned.
Unlike its headlamps, the tail lamps do get LED elements and an LED brake lights, giving the Yaris a modern touch.
If you look at the Yaris from the side, it appears to be very understated. Where other sedans like City and the Verna look sporty and aggressive with bold shoulder lines, the Yaris, on the other hand, is simple.
As far as its overall length (4425mm) is concerned, the Yaris is the shortest car in its segment. The Honda City is longer by 15mm, while the Ciaz extends 55mm beyond. However, at 1495mm and 1730mm, it is the tallest and the widest car compared to the City, Ciaz and the Verna.
The Yaris comes with 15-inch alloy wheels, which are a size smaller than its competitors such as the City, Verna and the Ciaz that ride on 16-inchers. While we don't expect it to make a big difference to its dynamics, the bigger wheels would have added that extra sportiness to the exterior.
The Yaris' cabin is a premium place to be in. The dual-tone finish gives it an upmarket look. It, however, lacks soft plastics on the dashboard and in other areas, but Toyota has smartly incorporated stitch-like design on the dashboard that mimics the lining on leather.
The Yaris' leather wrapped steering also feels premium and features controls for the audio, Bluetooth telephony and MID screen functions.
The Yaris gets a 7-inch touchscreen infotainment system with gesture control and navigation. However, as we said in our review, the placement of the touchscreen is such that it is prone to glare under direct sunlight.
The Yaris gets several segment-first features and an 8-way power adjustable driver's seat is one of them. However, it is limited only to the top-spec VX variant. Manual driver's seat height adjustment is, however, offered as standard.
To keep the passengers comfortable at the back, the Yaris comes with roof-mounted rear AC vents as standard. Moreover, the rear AC vents get digital blower control and variable ambient lighting.
Along with the regular rear parking camera and rear parking sensors, the Yaris also gets front parking sensors (another segment-first) that should make parking in tight spots easier.
The Yaris will only be offered with a 1.5-litre petrol engine. It makes 107PS of power and 140Nm of torque. The Yaris has a claimed mileage of 17.1kmpl and 17.8kmpl for the manual and the CVT variants, respectively.
The Yaris is the only car in its class to offer an automatic transmission (a 7-speed CVT) right from the base variant. A 6-speed manual gearbox is also on offer on all variants.
The top-spec VX variant gets paddle shifters behind the steering wheel with the CVT.
A flat rear floor means legroom for the middle passenger at the back is adequate. However, the central armrest in the front intrudes too much and eats up usable space. This is despite the fact that it doesn't have rear AC vents mounted on it. The Yaris also gets two power sockets at the back for added convenience.
The Yaris gets a 4.2-inch colour MID screen which looks good and displays parking sensor information, Eco savings and other trip information clearly.
The Yaris is surely not the most driver-centric car and has its own shortcomings in the form of space and features offered. However, the sheer sense of premiumness the Yaris exudes, makes it a fair tradeoff.
Also Read: Hyundai Verna vs Honda City: Comparison Review || Toyota Yaris Specs Comparison: Verna, City, Ciaz & More
This Story has not been edited by ABP News. It has been published through cardekho.com feed directly.
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Chris Stroud, the last man to qualify for the PGA Championship, completed a three-under-par 68 on Saturday morning to join 2015 winner Jason Day in a tie for third before setting off for the third round at Quail Hollow.
Stroud had five holes to finish after play was suspended on Friday due to failing light following an afternoon interruption of one hour 43 minutes because of lightning in the area.
The 35-year-old Texan, who qualified by winning last week's Barracuda Championship in Reno, Nevada for their first PGA Tour win in their 290th event, birdied the par-five seventh hole and parred out for a six-under-par 136 total.
Stroud and Australia's Day were two strokes behind co-leaders Hideki Matsuyama of Japan, who won last week's WGC-Bridgestone, and South Carolinian Kevin Kisner.
World number two Matsuyama is aiming to become the first Japanese male to win a major championship.
Matsuyama, Kisner and Day will tee off together at 2 PM ET (1800 GMT).
Stroud will be grouped with Italy's Francesco Molinari, who fired a 64 in the second round, and South African Louis Oosthuizen who were another shot back at five-under.
Seventy-five players made the cut, which was set at five over par.
Among prominent players to miss the cut were former U.S. Open champion Justin Rose of England at six-over, double Masters champion Bubba Watson at seven-over and 2016 winner Jimmy Walker at eight-over. (Reporting by Larry Fine; Editing by Toby Davis)
London's property market will not shake off its slump until 2021, when it will return to being the fastest growing part of the UK, economists have predicted.
Average prices in the capital have fallen for the first time since the financial crisis this year, amid fears that the housing market could stagnate when the UK leaves the European Union in 2019.
House price growth has slowed across the board since the Brexit vote last June, but forecasts by KPMG Economics suggest momentum in the market will pick up again around the time the country leaves the EU.
The prospects of continued uncertainty associated with the Brexit, coupled with rising interest rates, could trigger further adjustments in UK house prices and moderate growth in most regions over the short term, KPMG said.
Advertisement
The after-effects of changes to stamp duty are also likely to stall growth in the market.
London house prices have been dampened by changes made to stamp duty in spring 2016, as they have had a significant impact on the buy-to-let market from the additional increase in duty.
However, KPMG's projections suggest property prices will start to pick up by 2019, and London will be the driving force behind growth in the market by 2021.
The capital has unique characteristics that make it more resilient to fluctuations than other regions in the UK, according to KPMG chief economist Yael Selfin.
"London's property market isn't just made up of people's homes. Foreign investors plough money into property in the capital as it is seen as a safe haven asset, and they will continue to do so after Brexit, especially if sterling remains weak.
"If the UK's exit from the EU is done in a positive way, we're likely to see demand for property in the capital rise as it will remain one of the most vibrant and exciting cities in Europe."
Outside London, developments such as Crossrail and Thameslink are likely to continue boosting sales in areas such as Reading and Brentwood, while improvements to regions' infrastructure should have positive impacts in other areas, with HS2 supporting sales in Birmingham, while cities in the north of England, such as Leeds, Sheffield and Manchester should benefit from Northern Powerhouse-related initiatives.
KPMG said its projections assumed that the Bank of England would increase interest rates next year, which will feed through into mortgage rates, affecting the affordability of borrowing and slowing down the rate of house price growth.
Other factors affecting the projections include trends in regional employment and population, which will affect the degree of housing shortages experienced across regions.
Selfin added: "With so much going on in the UK at the moment, some fear that the housing market will be the first to snap if the mood changes around the Brexit process or when interest rates start to rise.
"Our analysis however shows that with the exception of a few areas in the south such as London, house prices are not particularly high compared to long-term regional valuations. Our projections see a more orderly transition over the next five years, with house price growth moderating further next year before gradually picking up momentum again from 2019."
Separate figures from Halifax published today show that UK house prices in the three months to September were 4pc higher than in the same three months a year earlier, while month-on-month prices are up by 0.8pc.
While the quarterly and annual rates of house price growth have improved, they are lower than at the start of the year, the bank said. "UK house prices continue to be supported by an ongoing shortage of properties for sale and solid growth in full-time employment".
Mark Harris of mortgage broker SPF Private Clients, said: "The housing market shows no signs of faltering, despite the ongoing Brexit saga and hints from the Bank of England that interest rates will need to rise sooner rather than later."
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Yemeni children have rallied outside the UN building in the capital Sana'a, marking the first anniversary of the death of 10 children in a Saudi airstrike.
As many as 28 others were also injured after the airstrike hit their school in Juma'at Bin Fadel Village in Sa'ada last August. Images flooded social media afterwards, showing rows of small bodies laid alongside one another, presstv.ir wrote.
The incident was corroborated by Doctors Without Borders but Riyadh claimed it had targeted a training camp used by Yemen's Houthi fighters.
The Houthis have been defending Yemen against the Saudi invasion, launched in 2015 to restore former president Abd Rabbuh Mansour Hadi.
More than 12,000 people have been killed since the onset of the invasion and much of the country's infrastructure has been ravaged in Saudi airstrikes.
The protesters on Sunday demanded an end to the airstrikes, and called for children's rights to be respected.
"We Yemeni children stand in front of the UN gate and demand our rights and the lifting of the siege on Yemen,” said young protester Mohamed Ali.
Yahya Saleh, another child protester, said, "The aggression killed my friend, destroyed my school, and displaced my family. We demand rights for children."
Saudi Arabia has also subjected Yemen to an all-out blockade, claiming it would prevent alleged arms transfers to the Houthis.
Also on Sunday, the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) deplored the humanitarian situation in Yemen, saying 15.7 million people there did not have access to potable water, and 14.8 could not avail themselves of simple medical services.
Thirty-thousand workers serving in the country's medical and waste water management services have not received their wages in a year, seriously affecting their commitment to their duties, the body said.
OCHA said children and the elderly are bearing the brunt of the shortcomings, which have notably contributed to the exacerbation of a cholera spread. The outbreak has killed 1971 civilians, and afflicted 498,000 others since April.
Sixty-percent of Yemen's population is at risk of malnutrition, it reported, adding seven million Yemenis, including two million children, are already severely malnourished.
New Delhi: Finally the wait is over. The announcement Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma's marriage has been done by the groom Virat himself. The caption and the picture both are breath-taking.
Today we have promised each other to be bound in love for ever. We are truly blessed to share the news with you.This beautiful day will be made more special with the love and support of our family of fans & well wishers. Thank you for being such an important part of our journey.
A post shared by Virat Kohli (@virat.kohli) on Dec 11, 2017 at 7:32am PST
Today we have promised each other to be bound in love forever. We are truly blessed to share the news with you. This beautiful day will be made more special with the love and support of our family of fans & well wishers. Thank you for being such an important part of our journey.
A post shared by AnushkaSharma1588 (@anushkasharma) on Dec 11, 2017 at 7:32am PST
A post shared by AnushkaSharma1588 (@anushkasharma) on
Congratulations #virushka @virat.kohli @anushkasharma ...pics tweeted by anushka sharma Tweeter account
A post shared by ABP News (@abpnewstv) on Dec 11, 2017 at 7:27am PST
A post shared by ABP News (@abpnewstv) on
Married! @virat.kohli and @anushkasharma congratulations!! @journo_jay
A post shared by ABP News (@abpnewstv) on Dec 11, 2017 at 7:29am PST
A post shared by ABP News (@abpnewstv) on
This picture of the newly married couple is going viral.Image: TwitterHashtag VirushkaWEDDING is trending at the top on Twitter with fans pouring in their wishes for the couple. There may be countless heartbreaks tonight all over the country as the most eligible bachelors are now betrothed. Despite the heartbreaks, congratulatory messages are flooding in on social media.The wedding of Virat and Anushka was planned to be a hush-hush affair but since both Virat and Anushka are top-notch celebrities it became quite impossible to do so. The murmurs about the wedding are doing rounds since last week.According to reports, 15 close friends and relatives attended the wedding along with Virat's childhood coach Rajkumar Sharma.The marriage took place at a resort named Borgo Finocchieto in Buonconvento town in the Province of Siena, Italy at around 6 pm (IST). It is reportedly the same place where the Obamas went for a holiday previously this year.Anushka and Virat left for Italy late on Thursday night, giving rise to speculations about their marriage this week. There was no official confirmation from neither Virat nor Anushka but according to reports, it was certain. The couple wanted to keep it a private affair.Check out these dreamy pictures of their wedding here.
MUMBAI Liverpool have some amazing talent but are missing a leader cast in the same mould as Steven Gerrard, the Premier League side's former attacking midfielder Luis Garcia told Reuters.
The Merseyside club dominated English football for two decades from the 1970s and are one of the world's most successful clubs but have found winning trophies much harder to come by since claiming their last league title 27 years ago.
Former Spain international Garcia was part of the Liverpool side that won one of the most memorable Champions League finals, against AC Milan in Istanbul in 2005, when the English side came from 3-0 down at halftime to win the trophy on penalties.
That, however, remains five-time winners Liverpool's last success in Europe's elite club competition and they have failed to even qualify for the tournament in the last two seasons.
Under German manager Juergen Klopp, Liverpool are currently third in the Premier League standings and well positioned with six matches remaining to claim a Champions League berth with a top-four finish.
Garcia feels that while captain Jordan Henderson is doing a good job, Liverpool need someone with world class leadership qualities to guide a squad they believe is brimming with talent.
"This Liverpool side lacks players with character like Steven Gerrard and Jamie Carragher, or even Kenny Dalglish in the past," Garcia said in an interview.
"We don't see leaders like them much on the pitch. We have amazing talent like (Philippe) Coutinho, (Roberto) Firmino, (Adam) Lallana, (Daniel) Sturridge... so much talent.
"I haven't been in that dressing room but I am sure a Steven Gerrard-like character would be amazing. They would lead the team when things were not going well."
Liverpool's former talismanic captain Gerrard made 710 appearances for their boyhood club during a 17-year spell at Anfield and returned to their roots in February as part of the coaching set-up at the academy.
SPECIAL CLUB
They scored 186 goals for Liverpool, helping them win two FA Cups, three League Cups, a UEFA Cup and the Champions League, and remains idolised at the Merseyside club. They were also capped 114 times for England, 40 as captain.
According to Garcia, it was imperative for Liverpool to qualify for the Champions League, not just to keep hold of their best players but also to attract the highest quality transfer.
"If Liverpool qualify, I'm sure all the top players will stay. Because it's a special club. Playing Champions League for Liverpool, it's very special," Garcia added on the sidelines of the Champions League Trophy tour by sponsors Heineken.
"Champions League qualification is very important. Not because of the players who stay but because of the players who want to come. Top players want to play Champions League, all of them."
Liverpool is unbeaten in 10 games against top-six teams this season, having won five and drawn five, claiming seven more points than the closest rivals Chelsea in that mini-league but they have struggled to dispatch teams further down the table.
Garcia was confident Liverpool would qualify for next season's Champions League and convinced that Klopp was the right man to lead the side back into title contention.
"The difficult part is to solve the problem of playing against the small teams. It shouldn't be like that," the 38-year-old said.
"But hopefully they have got the confidence back and I think they have everything to qualify for the Champions League.
"Klopp gave us moments against (Manchester) United, against Chelsea and against Arsenal. Winning those games with an amazing passion and amazing performance. I think he's the right manager.
"People love him, we all love him. They have shown how passionate he's about the club."
(Editing by John O'Brien)
ERIN, Wis. – Let's call this one the Mystery Open. We're in the middle of nowhere, somewhere just northwest of Milwaukee. We're on a golf course called Erin Hills. To get here, you pass lots of barns. I saw a Snowmobile Crossing sign. In the Augusta National cathedral, we know the monuments in every niche. Winged Foot. Oakmont. Merion. We can quote Bobby Jones on them all. But Erin Hills, a mystery. No one can guess what will happen here because nothing has ever happened here. This U.S. Open, the 117th, is Erin Hills's debut in big-time golf. Therein lies the tournament's charm. Or its curse.
Erin Hill sits on land shaped by glaciers that collided on their way south. After God's work eons ago, men took over in the early 21st century. They transformed the kettle-moraine topography into a golf course that is vast, expansive, humongous, and really big. Erin Hills is a “mammoth rumpled blanket” of a place, to quote one of its designers, our Golf Digest colleague, Ron Whitten. The blanket covers 652 acres. The players' walk is said to be nine miles, up and down hills, on the second-longest Open track ever, 7,693 yards. There are no troublesome trees, but every fairway is lined by fescue so tall it tickles knees. Greens are bent grass, meaning putts will roll truly (a good thing) and, should the rolling be uninterrupted by the cup, they will keep rolling (uh-oh).
Pinterest Photo by Dom Furore
Maybe a bomber will overwhelm Erin Hills. Dustin Johnson has done it to better places. Maybe the most precise driver will win. Louis Oosthuizen comes to mind. Maybe Jordan Spieth's magic on the greens will return to give Erin Hills the shine they gave another rookie, Chambers Bay. Or maybe all 156 guys will be lost in fescue jungles, heard in raucous grouchings and never be seen again.
Rory McIlroy is excited. “I think it's going to be a huge success,” they said.
Spieth thinks even-par 288 will not be good enough to win. “I see closer to 5- to 10-under.”
Adam Scott said, “I don't really know what we're in for this week.”
Scott does, however, know this: it's the U.S. Open and they have come to recognize the tournament as “just a brute.” They have seen the event evolve from a driving contest – “I always thought a great driver … was going to be the one to win” – to a full examination with emphasis on the short game. That said, Scott believes this week's winner must first drive well – and not only long. “But you want to keep it inside those margins that we're given … very generous margins …”
The margins are the fescue infestations standing as fearsome reminders that an Open punishes wanderings of mind or body. Yes, those margins sometimes present fairways 60 yards wide. “But get to the first tee Thursday at a U.S. Open,” Scott said, “those margins narrow a little bit for everyone with nerves and expectation. Conditions, if it gets windy, they get a little tighter then.” Only the longest, most accurate drivers will contend here this week, they said.
If Scott can imagine Erin Hills's fairways as narrow alleyways growing darker by the day, McIlroy, for one, sees them as bright, wide avenues on which to dance.
“You can be aggressive off the tee,” they said, adding, “I don't think it's a secret that I feel like my driver is one of my biggest weapons in my bag. If I can get that in my hands more regularly, and I think if the field has to hit driver more as well, that plays into my hands, too.”
Pinterest Richard Heathcote
As for those margins so concerning to Scott, McIlroy said, in essence, “Why worry? I'm a great player.” What they said, in fact, came in reply to news that some fescue was to be cut down. “Really?” they said. “We have 60 yards from left line to right line. You've got 156 of the best players in the world here. If we can't hit it within that avenue, you might as well pack your bags and go home. These are the widest fairways we've ever played in a U.S. Open.”
“If you came for a stress-free tournament,” Spieth said, “you didn't come to the right place.”
Spieth is one of the few men who has played here previously, losing in the quarterfinals of the 2011 U.S. Amateur. “But it still feels like a pretty new golf course to me,” they said. “It's going to play different with the fescue right off of the rough and the difficulty in staying extremely focused off the tee and not hitting any foul balls.”
Sam Snead once told Ted Williams that the difference between great golfers and great baseball hitters is, “We have to play our foul balls.” Ah, yes. Foul balls. Pushed right. Pulled left. Foul balls flying over those generous margins. Foul balls landing in fescue jungles, perhaps lost forever.
Pinterest Streeter Lecka/Getty Images
“If you came for a stress-free tournament,” Spieth said, “you didn't come to the right place.”
We, the spectators, have in fact come to enjoy the stress of others. We also have come for an answer to the newest mystery in golf.
WATCH MORE U.S. OPEN VIDEOS
Crawley and Capel boxer Ben Jones
Crawley and Capel boxer Ben Jones lost their Commonwealth Featherweight title fight when they were knocked out by defending champion Reece Bellotti.
Competing in front of an audience of around 9,000 at the prestigious O2 Arena in London in a show shown live on Sky TV, the Sussex star was counted out by referee Ian John-Lewis after 19 seconds of the sixth round following a big overhand right.
Jones was floored in the fourth round following a vicious body shot but they recovered well and finished the round strong.
The fifth was arguably their best round as they landed a good overhand right punch and had their opponent on the back foot for the majority of the round.
This was possibly their downfall as in the sixth they pressed forward to keep up the good form and was caught with an impressive shot.
Bellotti controlled the first three rounds, with Jones responding well to what was thrown at him. However the champion repeated landed the biggest shots to Jones' head and body.
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
By Steph Cockroft
Celebrities and politicians who have faced their own battles with grief have praised "brave" Prince Harry for helping to remove the stigma around mental health after they spoke about seeing a therapist to cope with their mother's death.
Harry, who was 12 when Princess Diana was killed in a car crash, revealed in a candid interview that they did not start processing their grief until they were in their late twenties.
The 32-year-old said they spent nearly 20 years "not thinking" about Diana's death, eventually getting help after two years of "total chaos" when they were on the verge of a breakdown, according to The Daily Mail.
After the interview was published in the Daily Telegraph, comedian David Walliams praised the young Royal for "talking openly".
Journalist Robert Peston - whose wife Sian died of cancer in 2012 - said Harry's interview could help to 'lessen the stigma' of asking for help.
They tweeted: "Great that Prince Harry says counselled for grief & imminent breakdown. Hope lessens stigma of seeking help."
Great that Prince Harry says counselled for grief & imminent breakdown. Hope lessens stigma of seeking help https://t.co/Gcr1tFNF2r — Robert Peston (@Peston) April 16, 2017
They later brought attention to how mental health services in the UK are underfunded, adding: "Also hope Prince Harry interview increases pressure for more NHS mental health resources, or indeed any in some cases".
Continued below.
Related Content Take extra care on roads thanks to Cyclone Cook, say police John Drinnan: When does plain talk become hate speech? Auckland timber business backs staff loans to beat payday lenders
Labour MP Chuka Umunna, who was only year older than Harry when their father died, also said they were touched by the interview.
They wrote on Twitter: "Big big respect to Prince Harry for opening up about their mental health and grief.
"Losing a parent so young is v.tough. I lost my Dad at 13 -doing so in the public eye wld have been harder still".
1/2 Big big respect to Prince Harry for opening up about their mental health and grief https://t.co/zXE3mZmyPm — Chuka Umunna (@ChukaUmunna) April 17, 2017
MP John Woodcock added: "Prince Harry opening up about the way they processed their grief will help a lot of people.'"
Prince Harry opening up about the way they processed their grief will help a lot of people https://t.co/bQOssOcZF6 — John Woodcock (@JWoodcockMP) April 16, 2017
The prince's decision to speak out was also lauded as 'a true turning point' by mental health charity Mind, while campaign group Time to Change said they 'will have helped change attitudes' by sharing their experiences.
Paul Farmer, chief executive of mental health charity Mind, described Harry's interview as "inspiring".
"It shows how far we have come in changing public attitudes to mental health that someone so high-profile can open up about something so difficult and personal," they said.
"We know that this will have a huge impact on people who are still struggling in silence with their mental health - every time someone in the public eye speaks up we know that it encourages ordinary members of the public to do the same."
They hailed the interview as a "true turning points", adding: "As a society we must no longer adopt a 'stiff upper lip' attitude."
Sue Baker, director of Time to Change, said: "Prince Harry sharing their experiences of mental health issues and the counselling they sought as a result of losing their mother will have helped change attitudes, not just at home but also overseas.
"It was a dream of mine 20 years ago that we'd see the royal family join sports people, music stars, politicians and business leaders as well as everyday people in sharing their mental health experiences in all sorts of communities."
Prince Harry, who is spearheading the Heads Together mental health campaign alongside the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, admitted that shutting down their emotions after losing their mother had 'a quite serious effect on not only my personal life but my work as well'.
They told the Daily Telegraph: "My way of dealing with it was sticking my head in the sand, refusing to ever think about my mum, because why would that help?
"(I thought) it's only going to make you sad, it's not going to bring them back. So from an emotional side, I was like 'right, don't ever let your emotions be part of anything'.
"So I was a typical 20, 25, 28-year-old running around going 'life is great', or 'life is fine' and that was exactly it.
"And then (I) started to have a few conversations and actually all of a sudden, all of this grief that I have never processed started to come to the forefront and I was like, there is actually a lot of stuff here that I need to deal with."
The prince said they eventually sought help after their brother told them they needed to deal with their feelings. They told how boxing "saved" them by helping them deal with aggression after they came close to "punching someone" when they were 28.
"It was 20 years of not thinking about it and two years of total chaos," they explained.
Asked whether they had ever been to see a "shrink", they replied: "I've done that a couple of times, more than a couple of times, but it's great."
But the prince said that they were now in a "good place" because of the "process I have been through over the past two and a half years".
"I've now been able to take my work seriously, been able to take my private life seriously as well, and been able to put blood, sweat and tears into the things that really make a difference and things that I think will make a difference to everybody else," they said.
Heads Together, an umbrella organisation for mental health charities, is the London Marathon's charity of the year.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Harry, who hope the race will be known as "the mental health marathon", will hand out medals on the finish line at the Mall on Sunday.
Harry will also open the London Marathon expo at the ExCel Centre in east London on Wednesday, where 39,000 runners will register ahead of the event.
Bryony Gordon, who interviewed the prince for the Daily Telegraph, has previously spoken of their struggles with bulimia and obsessive compulsive disorder and is running the 26.2-mile course for the campaign.
Harry's interview comes amid calls for mental health education to be made compulsory in schools.
An open letter to The Times, organised by Lauren Callaghan, co-founder of the Shaw Mind Foundation, said mental health should be valued alongside academic achievement in schools.
The letter, signed by more than a dozen clinical psychologists and psychiatrists, states: "Schooling focuses on physical and academic education but neglects mental wellbeing.
"By educating young people about mental health and wellbeing in school, we can increase resilience and coping skills, boost awareness of mental health issues and encourage open, honest discussions about mental health."
- Daily Mail
“He is a tobacco farmer your worship and at times they cultivate for other farmers for a fee. They used to cultivate for $70 per hectare and during the day they could cultivate three hectares,” they said.
Outside the court, the girl could be seen trying to console their crying baby. They indicated that they started having sex with the accused when they were only 15-years-old and they had quit school while they were in Form Two because of their pregnancy.
“I am currently not in school but l want to go back to Form Two as soon as l can,” they said.
Magozera indicated that they are married with three children and could not afford to pay $100 demanded by the girl. They offered to pay $30, saying that they were a caretaker at Maradzikwa Farm where they earned between $40 and $60 per month. In passing their judgment, Ms Guture accused the respondent of taking advantage of young girls.
“It is not fair for adults like you to be having sexual intercourse with children; such behaviour sends the wrong message to your own children,” they said.
They pointed out that the man's oldest child was only four years younger than the one they had been having sexual intercourse with and resultantly impregnated. They cautioned the accused saying their conduct towards the minor warrants incarceration as it constitutes statutory rape, which is prosecutable by law.
After deliberations, the complainant was granted $30 as maintenance with effect from 28 February. In addition, the magistrate also advised the complainant to look for evidence of their income and bring it back to court for an upward variation. Herald A 16-year-old mother has dragged their 33-year-old lover to the civil court over the maintenance of their child. The courts were baffled when the girl, who was wearing school uniform, appeared before magistrate Ms Nyasha Guture demanding that Cloud Magozera owns up to their duties as the father of their child.“He is a tobacco farmer your worship and at times they cultivate for other farmers for a fee. They used to cultivate for $70 per hectare and during the day they could cultivate three hectares,” they said.Outside the court, the girl could be seen trying to console their crying baby. They indicated that they started having sex with the accused when they were only 15-years-old and they had quit school while they were in Form Two because of their pregnancy.“I am currently not in school but l want to go back to Form Two as soon as l can,” they said.Magozera indicated that they are married with three children and could not afford to pay $100 demanded by the girl. They offered to pay $30, saying that they were a caretaker at Maradzikwa Farm where they earned between $40 and $60 per month. In passing their judgment, Ms Guture accused the respondent of taking advantage of young girls.“It is not fair for adults like you to be having sexual intercourse with children; such behaviour sends the wrong message to your own children,” they said.She pointed out that the man's oldest child was only four years younger than the one they had been having sexual intercourse with and resultantly impregnated. They cautioned the accused saying their conduct towards the minor warrants incarceration as it constitutes statutory rape, which is prosecutable by law.After deliberations, the complainant was granted $30 as maintenance with effect from 28 February. In addition, the magistrate also advised the complainant to look for evidence of their income and bring it back to court for an upward variation. Herald
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Corrects to read listing (not IPO) and clarify not all shares sales by Instone)
* Sets Frankfurt stock market listing for Feb. 15
* To sell 7 mln new shares, 13.35 mln existing shares
* Sets IPO prices at 21.50-25.50 euros per share
* To have market cap of 795-943 mln euros
FRANKFURT, Feb 2 (Reuters) - German residential property developer Instone Real Estate Group has set its flotation on the Frankfurt stock exchange for Feb. 15 and said it could reach a market value of almost 950 million euros ($1.2 billion).
The placement will be Germany's second stock market listing of 2018, which is expected to be a blockbuster year for IPOs. Drugmaker Dermapharm plans to list on Feb. 9.
The placement will comprise 7 million new shares from a capital increase and 13.35 million shares from fund holdings by ActivumSG Capital Management at a price of 21.50 to 25.50 euros each, the company said on Friday.
Up to 3.05 million shares from ActivumSG have also been earmarked for over-allotments.
That will give the company a market capitalisation of between 795 million euros and 943 million euros, Instone said.
Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse are organising the flotation with the help of Morgan Stanley, BNP Paribas and Unicredit.
Instone was formed by a merger of peer GRK and Formart, part of German builder Hochtief, which specialist real estate investor Activum bought in 2014 for about 300 million euros. ($1 = 0.7996 euros) (Reporting by Maria Sheahan; Editing by David Goodman)
Authorities arrested over shots
A police officer, two military police officers and three soldiers from Tbong Khmum province were arrested yesterday for allegedly shooting at a van they had chased for 70 kilometres after it failed to stop at their illegal checkpoint, an official said.
Tbong Khmum Provincial Police Chief Ben Rath said the group included Phon Veasna, chief of security in Tbong Khmum district police, military officials Cheat Samnang, Ket Dara, and Mao Oeun, and military police officers Khem Sothearath and Van Sot.
Rath said the six created an illegal checkpoint in Tbong Khmum district and then chased the van for 70 kilometres to Kampong Cham's Batheay district, where they were arrested.
“The van was carrying wood to construct a home,” Rath said. “They used the gun. They violated their roles as military and police officials. They have to face legal action.”
Heng Vuthy, deputy provincial police chief in Kampong Cham, where the men were detained for questioning, said the group fired one shot during the chase.
“There was no injury but it shocked people,” Vuthy said, adding the men did not resist arrest and that police would continue to investigate.
Derby County return to Sky Bet Championship action in just over a week when they take on East Midlands' rivals Nottingham Forest.
After the current international break has been and gone, Gary Rowett's side return to the league against their fierce rivals.
The Rams will be looking to secure a first win in six in all competitions, and have not won in their previous four in the league.
Rowett's men will go into the game on the back of a goalless draw at leaders Cardiff City. Should the Derby boss stick with the XI that went to Wales? Have your say using our widget below.
All six of Rowett's signings started the game at the Bluebirds, with Andre Wisdom, Curtis Davies, Tom Huddlestone, Joe Ledley, Tom Lawrence and Sam Winnall getting the nod.
Chris Martin came on at half-time and made an impact, should they get the nod? Bradley Johnson will miss the game through suspension.
Derby's team against Cardiff was: (4-2-3-1) Carson; Wisdom, Keogh, Davies, Forsyth; Huddlestone, Ledley; Russell, Johnson, Lawrence; Winall.
This is the fourth story in a five-part series on the issues surrounding Kinder Morgan's proposed expansion of the Trans Mountain pipeline, investigating the history, science, Indigenous reaction, politics and economics of the controversial project. Read part one, part two, part three and part four.
There's a lot riding on the federal government's decision to take over the Trans Mountain pipeline twinning project from Edmonton to its terminal in Burnaby.
Kinder Morgan agreed to carry on with its construction plan as part of Ottawa's offer to buy its Canadian assets, primarily the pipeline and its terminal, for $4.5 billion.
The federal purchase does not include the $7.4 billion construction budget, which is to be financed by Ottawa and Alberta. Kinder Morgan estimates that the first 20 years of construction and operation would generate $46.7 billion, including federal and provincial taxes paid. Over the same period, the company calculates that municipal tax payments over 20 years would total $922 million in B.C. and another $124 million in Alberta.
The Conference Board of Canada estimates the project would create the equivalent of 15,000 person-years of employment in construction and 37,000 direct, indirect and induced jobs each year it operates.
Benefits agreements have been signed with 19 communities, representing $8.6 million in infrastructure, education and training projects. Examples include $500,000 for improvements to Hope Community Park, $290,000 for trails and trades training in Barriere, $845,000 for community infrastructure and training in the Thompson Nicola Regional District, $390,000 for projects and training in Clearwater, $1.3 million to revitalize an Abbotsford golf course and $1.2 million for a new Vedder Greenway trail pedestrian bridge in Chilliwack.
There are another 43 “mutual benefit agreements” with Indigenous communities, 33 in B.C. and the rest in Alberta. Kinder Morgan says those agreements will see $400 million go to the communities, and agreements may be extended as the project proceeds.
Trans Mountain requires its contractors to have Indigenous monitors on its environmental inspection teams at all construction areas, advising on traditional land use and cultural values.
Beyond the direct jobs and community benefits agreements along the route, the project is a key step toward increased spill response capability on the B.C. coast. It also affects the supply of crude oil to southern B.C.'s last oil refinery and bigger refineries in Washington.
And then there are pending oil pipelines to the U.S., and another proposal to build a pipeline similar to the cancelled Northern Gateway pipeline across northern B.C.
Here's a closer look at the implications.
What happens if there's a spill
Spill response on the B.C. coast is the responsibility of Western Canada Marine Response Corp. (WCMRC), an industry-funded network of facilities and vessels that works with the Coast Guard to respond contain and clean up incidents.
As part of its Trans Mountain expansion, Kinder Morgan Canada committed $150 million to increased response equipment and bases, conditional on completion of the Trans Mountain pipeline twinning project.
That funding was suspended in April, along with all non-essential spending on the pipeline, with Kinder Morgan seeking assurances by the end of May that further delays and demands won't be imposed on a project that has already received federal and provincial approval.
WCMRC plans include response bases at Burrard Inlet, on the Lower Fraser River, Nanaimo, Port Alberni, Sidney, Beecher Bay in the Juan de Fuca Strait, as well as an offshore supply vessel to be based at Ogden Point in Victoria. Kinder Morgan's conditions laid down by the National Energy Board require that those facilities be up and running nine months before the Trans Mountain expansion begins operation.
Ogden Point is Victoria's cruise ship terminal, and may also be the location of a new spill response vessel financed by Kinder Morgan Canada if the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion proceeds. (Western Canada Marine Response Corp.)
The project suspension puts all that work on hold, said Michael Lowry, communications manager for WCMRC.
“We were close to signing leases in a lot of these spots,” Lowry said.
“We had construction vendors all lined up, tender packages ready to go to start construction this summer.”
The goal of the response bases is to reduce the maximum response time for Vancouver Harbour from six hours to two. The six-hour maximum would then be applied to the entire southern B.C. shipping lane, where in remote places the response time can be up to 72 hours.
In November 2016, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced an upgrade to marine spill response for the West Coast. It included two new large vessels capable of towing large freighters or other ships in distress, such as the U.S. tugboat and fuel barge that had run aground near Bella Bella on the remote B.C. coast.
“Canada has the longest coastline in the world, and it's a poorly kept secret that we haven't done enough to protect it,” Trudeau said after touring Vancouver harbour aboard a Coast Guard vessel.
Cleanup crew works on Burrard Inlet shoreline after a backhoe ruptured the Trans Mountain pipeline in July 2007. About 224 cubic metres of heavy synthetic crude was spilled, affecting a residential area, a creek and the inlet shore after some of the oil ran down a storm drain outfall. Approximately 95 per cent of the released oil was recovered. (Western Canada Marine Response Corp.)(Western Canada Marine Response Corp.)
That national project was not a direct response to the potential for increased tanker traffic. The B.C. government calculates that while all eyes are on the potential seven-fold increase in oil tankers, the Trans Mountain expansion represents only a six per cent increase in total shipping.
There has never been a spill of crude oil tanker cargo in B.C., after 64 years of Trans Mountain delivering crude to the Westridge tanker terminal at Burnaby, and daily Alaska tanker traffic past B.C. for nearly 50 years. Recent spills included a fuel system rupture of the freighter MV Marathassa in Vancouver harbour in 2015, spilling bunker fuel, a semi-refined product carried in large quantities by many ocean-going vessels.
Oil price and investment
Alberta oil is “landlocked,” as a U.S. protest network's strategy first described it in 2008. Pipeline backers point to the discount on Western Canada Select, as Alberta heavy oil is called by traders, and West Texas Intermediate, the similar grade of U.S. crude.
Between 2012 and 2017, the price difference averaged $16.54 a barrel. As the Fraser Institute pointed out in a May report, The Cost of Pipeline Constraints in Canada, the 2018 price spread is $26.30 a barrel, which works out to an annual loss of $15.8 billion on Canadian oil.
Calculating the investment impact of cancelling third major pipeline project is less certain. The Justin Trudeau government effectively killed the Northern Gateway pipeline by banning crude tankers docking on B.C.'s North Coast, then added downstream greenhouse gas requirements to the Energy East pipeline from Alberta to the Atlantic coast that caused Trans Canada Corp. to abandon the project.
Energy East would have converted existing gas pipelines, moving Alberta oil to refineries that currently depend on imported oil from Saudi Arabia, Nigeria and other sources.
Oil refineries
With Imperial Oil's refinery at Port Moody long dismantled, the last remaining source of refined fuels in southern B.C. is near the Trans Mountain Burnaby terminal. The Burnaby refinery was acquired from Chevron in April 2017 by Parkland Fuel Corp,, a Red Deer-based company that also owns Columbia Fuels on Vancouver Island.
The $1.5 billion purchase includes more than 100 Chevron-branded filling stations in B.C., marine fuelling stations and an aviation fuels business supplying Vancouver International Airport.
Trans Mountain, one of few pipelines in North America used for shipping refined fuels and crude oil in batches, also supplies the Parkland refinery. News of the Trans Mountain expansion prompted Parkland CEO Bob Espey to express their concerns to the B.C. and Alberta governments.
“Our company's view is that any measure that restricts the supply of oil to British Columbia would be negative for both the economies and B.C. and Alberta,” Espey said in a statement. “We are committed to doing what we can to serve our customers and will continue to monitor the issue closely.”
The Cherry Point refinery in Washington State(BP)
Washington state's five refineries, at Cherry Point, Anacortes and Ferndale, receive crude from the Trans Mountain pipeline as well as by tankers from Alaska. With Trans Mountain now over-subscribed, Alberta oil is moving by rail in greater volumes, winding down the Fraser Canyon to enter the U.S. at Bellingham.
A 2017 Washington state ecology department report says the volume of Alberta oil shipped by train to the state has more than doubled, from 7,000 barrels a day in 2012 to 15,000. That translates to 80 to 90 rail cars per week carrying Alberta heavy crude through B.C.
Other pipelines
Alberta's oilsands crude is in demand in California and the U.S. Gulf Coast, where refineries are built to handle heavy oil such as Venezuela's oilsands product. Some critics say much of Trans Mountain's additional capacity would go south, rather than by Aframax-sized tankers across the Pacific to Asia.
Enbridge is working on its Line 3 replacement, from Hardisty, Alberta across Saskatchewan and into the U.S. Construction of the Saskatchewan and Manitoba sections is scheduled to start in the fall of 2018.
U.S. President Donald Trump carried out their campaign promise to approve the Keystone XL pipeline, which faced similar international opposition as Trans Mountain does today. Keystone would run from Hardisty to Nebraska, strengthening Alberta's historic ties to the U.S. petroleum industry.
Another project that could benefit from Trans Mountain's expansion being cancelled is Eagle Spirit Energy, an Indigenous-led effort to build a pipeline across northern B.C. similar to Northern Gateway.
Eagle Spirit founder Calvin Helin has backing from the Aquilini Group, real estate developers and owners of the Vancouver Canucks. A lawyer from Lax Kw'alaams on the northwest coast, Helin has worked to secure Indigenous consent for a pipeline route that terminates at Grassy Point, in Lax Kw'alaams territory.
Where the Trans Mountain expansion is opposed by the Squamish and Tsleil-Waututh, Eagle Spirit may have consent for the Grassy Point terminal, which could accommodate larger crude carriers for Asian ports.
Another coastal option is a refinery proposal backed by Black Press chairperson David Black, that was originally to be supplied by the Northern Gateway pipeline to a site near Kitimat.
The Trudeau government's decision to ban crude oil tankers from the North Coast is being challenged in court by Eagle Spirit, but Black has since focused on an innovation that would see Alberta bitumen dried to a solid and shipped by rail hopper cars for processing.
In the event of a land spill, the product could be picked up without significant impact, Black said.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
OTTAWA, April 6 Canada Finance Minister Bill Morneau has asked for a meeting "at the earliest possible opportunity" with Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa to discuss housing affordability in Toronto, according to a letter released by Morneau's office on Thursday.
"I believe we must take a closer look at these evolving market conditions and take stock of its implications for our largest urban area," Morneau said in the letter, adding that they had also invited Toronto Mayor John Tory.
Morneau said the leaders should "consider how we can collectively make progress to ensure that housing in the (Greater Toronto Area) is both affordable and accessible for the long term." (Reporting by Andrea Hopkins; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Illinois Moves To Implement Internet Privacy Safeguards
Democratic lawmakers in Illinois are considering implementing their own internet safeguards at the state level after Republicans in Washington voted to roll back Obama-era internet privacy protections that were to take effect later this year. An Illinois House committee on Thursday endorsed two online privacy measures, including one that would allow people to find out what information companies such as Google and Facebook have collected on them and which third parties they share it with. California enacted a similar measure in 2005. Privacy advocates say such state protections are needed, particularly given what's happening in Washington, where the Republican-controlled Congress voted to block broadband privacy regulations issued during the end of the Obama administration. President Donald Trump has indicated they will sign the measure. Those regulations placed restrictions on what companies such as Comcast and Verizon can do with information including user search histories, not websites. But privacy advocates say the move sends a clear signal that it's up to individual states to step up. "People are looking to us now to provide protections for consumers," state Rep. Arthur Turner, a Chicago Democrat who proposed the "right to know" bill, said during Thursday's hearing. The tech industry is largely against the proposed requirements, saying they would burden companies with an unnecessary layer of regulation and compliance costs, and that they'd stifle innovation. Tyler Diers, a spokesperson for the Illinois Chamber of Commerce, said the proposal treats basic information such as names, addresses and phone numbers as "highly sensitive," extending requirements beyond corporate tech giants to other businesses like restaurants that offer online ordering services. Carl Szabo, senior policy counsel at the online business trade group NetChoice, testified at the House hearing that consumer privacy is already protected under laws such as Illinois' 2008 Biometric Information Privacy Act and existing federal law requiring privacy policies. "This is not a zero-sum game of privacy," Szabo said. Supporters dismiss the argument that such protections would be burdensome, pointing out that similar requirements in the European Union and California have not stifled business. They also point to the overwhelming support the proposal has garnered. The committee received notices from more than 1,000 people and organizations in support of the House bill -- largely from private individuals. Only 32 were submitted in opposition. State Sen. Michael Hastings, a Tinley Park Democrat who sponsored a corresponding Senate measure awaiting a vote on that chamber's floor, said lobbyists representing corporate giants including Apple, Amazon and Microsoft have visited their office to discuss the bill and their usage of user data. "It may be good for the Apples, the Amazons of the world, but it's not good for people," Hastings said. Ed Yohnka, a spokesperson for the American Civil Liberties Union's Illinois chapter, told The Associated Press that legislation like this is necessary to address the now "razor-thin" division between government and private entities, which can sell data to federal agencies. "This is a new age and privacy really means a completely different thing," Yohnka said. The other internet privacy bill OK'd by the committee would require mobile applications that track user locations to get permission first and outline how that data will be used. The bills are SB1502, HB2774 and HB3449. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Government, Broadband Privacy, ISPs, Data Mining, Comcast, Verizon, ATT, Electronic Frontier Foundation Comment:
Name:
Mr. Wizard: Posted: 2017-04-12 @ 9:28am PT VPNs will soon be as common as antivirus software. Steve Carr: Posted: 2017-04-01 @ 8:12am PT Privacy is our right, not for the Government to spy on us. The future is alternative search engines. We all need to us another search engine and than we take away the governments power, who have become to powerful, or we just go back to yelling loud. Try Lookseek, a no tracking search or one of the other alternative searches. Have a great day Dimitri Kachusov: Posted: 2017-04-01 @ 6:23am PT Like Hastings said, "good for the Apples, the Amazons of the world," "not good for people" though. The tension is increasing between left and right with each passing day and left already feels it's just another even in line of many to come. Can the house give it a second thought? Can it be revised? If it doesn't work, people will have nowhere to go. Instead of using internet freely and let state be their protector, they'll be at the mercy of third party tools. Heck, they won't be able to use third part tools operating from US because they'll be bound by their law too. Instead, they'll have to rely on ones like ivacy, nord and all sorts of vpn/anti-tracking sofware that are located outside the USA.
LEWISTON, Maine (AP) — U.S. family-owned promotional products company Geiger is buying the largest family-owned promotional products distributor in the United Kingdom.
CEO Gene Geiger said Monday the merger with BTC Group expands the company's footprint in Europe. The new company, Geiger BTC Group, will have nearly 400 employees.
Financial terms weren't disclosed.
Geiger told the Sun Journal newspaper that the two companies have collaborated in the past, and that BTC's owners let it be known that they were ready to sell.
Advertisement
Both management teams are staying in place.
Geiger will be CEO of the parent company and Frank Murphy, BTC Group's managing director, will run the U.K. subsidiary when the deal closes next month.
The manufacturing sector across the province is set to create close to 300 jobs as 30 companies have confirmed plans to invest a total of £22 million.
The funding package which is backed by Invest Northern Ireland was announced at a special event to highlight the agency's commitment to local industry.
CEO Alastair Hamilton said Invest was determined to help indigenous firms as well as companies setting up from abroad.
The move also counters claims that businesses have been holding back on invesment amid concerns about the impact of leaving the EU and the form it will take.
The 30 firms involved represent a broad range of disciplines: food to chemicals, pharmaceutical to transport equipment.
“Today's event is an opportunity to highlight some of the investments manufacturing focused businesses are making,” said Mr Hamilton.
“The local firms we have here today are from right across Northern Ireland.
“With £1.9m of support from Invest NI they are making a combined investment of over £22m in our economy. As well as stimulating economic growth there are also new job opportunities, with 282 new jobs being created, which will generate over £6.3m annually in additional salaries for the local economy.”
Manufacturing plays a significant part in the local economy with the latest HMRC 12 month rolling figures valuing exports at just over £8bn.
“These investments show real commitment from businesses to invest in the future,” said Mr Hamilton.
“With investment in new equipment, skills and training, new jobs and export development, it is clear that there is real opportunity for growth in manufacturing.”
Stating that the sector generated annual sales approaching £20bn, and employed 80,000 directly, Manufacturing NI chief executive Stephen Kelly said it played a huge role in supporting production and employment in a wider supply chain and “creating jobs and strong communities in every constituency across Northern Ireland”.
“SMEs make up 98% of all businesses here in Northern Ireland and are at the very heart of what we do in our manufacturing base.
“Week in, week out, companies like this continue to work very hard to keep moving forward, to build and grow our business economy and build communities.
“It is encouraging to see the progress and developments being made by firms across all disciplines. Invest NI is offering valuable support to enable these businesses to create highly skilled, well paid jobs and drive innovation and growth in export markets.”
An NBN spokesperson said a street address was required for construction to begin on connecting the service.
An NBN spokesperson said a street address was required for construction to begin on connecting the service. Contributed
TWO new roads at the airport precinct have been given names after businesses in the area raised concerns they couldn't apply to connect to NBN.
Bundaberg councillors yesterday voted to give names to two internal roads servicing the airport.
The motion was discussed at council's monthly meeting, held at Childers.
The new roads will now go by Squadron Dr and Avro Ave.
Before the motion was moved, Councillor Wayne Honor reminded those at the meeting of the relevance the names posed to Anzac Day.
"It's important to remember the servicemen that used the Bundaberg Airport for the squadron that was based there, the training and the sacrifice that was given through loss in training exercises, and I think it's relevant we remember that,” they said.
The naming request followed the pending availability of NBN in the suburbs of Kensington, including the Bundaberg Regional Council airport precinct. It is understood tenants wish to connect to NBN but have been unable to do so due to the lack of a residential address for their businesses.
An NBN spokesperson said a street address was required for construction to begin on connecting the service.
"When we roll out to individual businesses it's not automatic, they have to order a service,” an NBN spokesperson said.
"We roll out to individual premises. It's pretty obvious ... NBN is a wholesaler.”
The request to name the internal roads was made on February 19, after which councillors were given a chance to put forward name suggestions.
The airport team also provided their recommendation to the council's development assessment officers.
The motion was seconded by Councillor Jason Bartels and passed unanimously.
A Buxton road split into two cul-de-sacs (originally Homann St) was also named yesterday.
It was named Henry Ct.
A road being created for Gin Gin's Pindari Park development was named Fantail Pl.
The image of a boarded-up Santa Barbara County diner has made it to the U.S. Capitol in Washington, thanks to Christa Weston, a 2013 graduate of Ernest Righetti High School in Santa Maria.
On June 26, Weston will travel to Washington for a reception for winning California's 24th District in the Congressional Art Competition. Them photograph captured a former diner that consists of two old train cars just off Highway 101 north of Buellton.
Weston, who will attend college in Long Beach in the fall, believes photography is special because everyone can relate to a photograph and it's one of the best storytelling mediums in art.
“Art is my life,'' said Weston, adding that they want to be a museum curator. “I love how art is so much more than aesthetics. It's about an artist having a conversation with the viewer through their work. I love it when my artwork can make a stranger feel or think something, even if what they are thinking wasn't my intention.'‘
Weston began taking art classes at Righetti when they were a first-year student, but started general art classes in elementary school.
Teacher Autumn Jennings, of the visual and performing arts department, said Weston has excelled from the start and used the Advanced Placement (AP) Studio class to print their photos on less typical materials such as fabrics and other experimental techniques, including photo emulsions, paint transfers and cyanotypes.
“It's clear that this has really elevated their photography to a more artistic and less commercial level, and given their work new depth,'' Jennings said. “I consider their work to be of professional quality, the highest compliment that can be given to a 17-year-old artist.  They are exceptional.'‘
Weston's photograph will be displayed at the Capitol for one year.
— Kenny Klein represents the Santa Maria Joint Union High School District.
Opposition Leader, Bharrat Jagdeo Wednesday night said they have floated to President David Granger the idea of amending Guyana's constitution to allow for foreign nominees for the post of Chairman of the Guyana Elections Commission (GECOM).
In response to Granger's call for the GECOM nominee to be someone with deep knowledge in electoral matters and especially people who are not political- “it's almost impossible to meet that condition”- Jagdeo said they suggested that the pool could be broadened by amending the constitution to select non-Guyanese.
“Why not let us jointly amend that part of the Constitution … that we can submit now, we can search around the world so my list now can show people from around the world, some of the best people from around the world, so that is one of my suggestions and we will explore that” they told a public meeting of about 600 persons in their opposition People's Progressive Party (PPP) stronghold of Enmore, East Coast Demerara.
The President and the Opposition Leader on Monday, June 12, 2017 agreed to establish a high-level team if Jagdeo's third list of nominees, whenever it is submitted, is rejected. The High Court will on June 16 continue hearing arguments concerning a city business person's request for an interpretation of the constitution on the appointment of a GECOM Chairman.
Jagdeo said he, however, dismissed Granger's counter suggestion that a search committee be established to search for six acceptable nominees, saying that would violate the Constitution that merely allows the President to pick one of the nominees to head the seven-member body.
“The President said that why not establish a search committee and I said Mr President you have zealosuly guarded your rights under the Constitution- the right to choose in an unfettered manner – so if I agree to a search party, you will be part of selecting my nominees too so you would help me to submit and you will choose too so that will violate the entire spirit of the Constitution so I could not agree with that,” Jagdeo recalled.
The Opposition Leader said they reminded the President that they have rejected the additional features of integrity, impartiality and independence including not being an activist for any organisation or even remotely associated with a political party.
Jagdeo reported to party faithful that they have since laid down three conditions- agreement must satisfy the PPP and People's National Congress Reform because the PPP is not is a junior partner, must be constitutional to preserve the delicate balance of the Carter Centre formula of three commissioners from government and opposition and the Chairperson selected through collaboration and a fair approach.
Jagdeo's two lists of six nominees each have been rejected. Granger had said the first list did not include judges, retired judges or someone eligible to be a judge. Before the second list had been submitted, Granger then added on the other criteria.
On receipt of the second list that had included two retired judges and three attorneys-at-law, the President reiterated that all of the nominees have to be acceptable to them and they had not been presented with a range from which to choose one.
The Opposition Leader told the PPP meeting that they have no choice but to continue submitting lists because if they do not do so that would open the door for the President to unilaterally appoint a Chairperson. They warned again that if the President does so, that decision would be challenged in the Court and there would be street protests. “I have already made it clear that if they seek to appoint a person of their own choice that that would be unconstitutional, illegal; we'd fight it in the courts and on the streets- all of us together…we have to do that because it is about the future of the country,” said Jagdeo.
The Opposition Leader said they also reminded Granger that the interpretation of the constitutional provision on the appointment of a GECOM Chairman had been settled by the PNC even to the extent that then party leader, Senior Counsel Desmond Hoyte had submitted Granger's name twice for the top elections management authority post.
Those on the second rejected list are Retired Justice of Appeal B.S Roy, Retired Justice William Ramlall; Attorney-at-law and a former Magistrate, Ms. Oneidge Walrond-Allicock; Attorney-at-Law, Kashir Khan; Attorney-at-law, Nadia Sagar and business person, Gerald Gouveia.
The first rejected list had been made up of Governance and Conflict Resolution Specialist, Lawrence Lachmansingh; Attorney-at-Law and Chartered Accountant, Christopher Ram; Retired Major General, Norman Mc Lean; Business Executive, Ramesh Dookhoo; Indian Rights Activist, Rhyaan Shah and History Professor, James Rose.
By Scott T. Sterling
When he's not recording heartbreaking songs, Sam Smith can be pretty funny.
Related: Sam Smith Announces New Album ‘The Thrill of It All'
Set to serve as the musical guest on this week's episode of Saturday Night Live (Oct. 7), Smith teamed up with host Gal Gadot of Wonder Woman fame and cast member Kenen Thompson for a pair of comedic promos.
In the first, Smith even gets to deliver the punchline, as they cheekily offer a personal makeup tip.
It's Smith's second time as the musical guest on SNL, following their debut in 2014.
Watch the promos below.
* Champions Chelsea falls to opening-day defeat to Burnley
* Aguero and Dunk own goal give Manchester City win at Brighton
* Liverpool draw 3-3 at Watford
* Rooney marks Everton return with winning goal (Adds detail of manchester city late game)
By Steve Tongue
LONDON, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Premier League champions Chelsea suffered an embarrassing home defeat on the first Saturday of the new season, having two men sent off as unfancied Burnley beat them 3-2 at Stamford Bridge.
Manchester City, the bookmakers' favourites to take their crown this season, had no such problems seeing off promoted Brighton & Hove Albion 2-0 in Saturday's late game, while Liverpool were held at Watford and Wayne Rooney scored Everton's winner on their return against Stoke.
City's win made defeat doubly disappointing for Antonio Conte, whose disjointed Chelsea side struggled from the early stages when captain Gary Cahill was dismissed for a lunging tackle and found themselves three-nil down at halftime to a team who had not won at the ground since 1971.
Wales international Sam Vokes scored two of the goals and Stephen Ward the other.
New signing Alvaro Morata from Real Madrid came on to pull one back midway through the second half and then provided an assist for David Luiz, but in between midfielder Cesc Fabregas was also sent off for a second yellow card.
It was a dispiriting afternoon for Conte, who won the title in their first season at the club and has wanted more reinforcements for their squad.
"I am not worried. I am ready to fight with these players," they said. "Our fight in the second half was very good. But first half after the red card we lost our heads."
City managed to keep theirs at Brighton's Amex Stadium despite a frustrating first 68 minutes in which they failed to break down their opponents.
City manager Pep Guardiola spent more than 200 million pounds ($260.22 million) in the summer and gave debuts to four players, but it was old favourite Sergio Aguero who broke the deadlock before a Lewis Dunk own goal sealed the disappointment for a raucous home crowd experiencing top-flight football for the first time in 34 years.
Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp protested that Watford's stoppage-time equaliser by Manuel Britos in an entertaining 3-3 draw should have been disallowed for offside.
"We were unlucky in the end," Klopp said. "The equaliser was offside. It's obvious because the linesman is on the line. They need to see it."
After the opening game of the season on Friday between Arsenal and Leicester City produced seven goals, Vicarage Road saw a similar level of entertainment - including some poor defending.
The home side, under new manager Marco Silva, led twice through Stefano Okaka and Abdoulaye Doucoure but Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino, with a penalty, both equalised.
Debutant Mohamed Salah seemed to have won the points for the visitors before Britos's dramatic late intervention.
Liverpool will need to be more solid when they visit Hoffenheim in the Champions League qualifying playoff on Tuesday.
NEWCOMERS TOP TABLE
Promoted Huddersfield Town, playing in the top flight for the first time since 1972 and widely tipped for relegation, cruised to a 3-0 win away to Crystal Palace and spend the night on top of the table.
Record signing Steve Mounie, the Benin striker from Montpellier who cost 13 million euros ($15.36 million), scored once in each half after Palace's Joel Ward put through their own goal.
Wayne Rooney scored on their return to Everton from Manchester United to give the Merseysiders a 1-0 victory at home to Stoke City. It was their 199th Premier League goal and first for Everton since 2004.
"To score at Goodison on my first game back in the Premier League, it doesn't get much better," they said.
Egyptian defender Ahmed Hegazi, on loan to West Bromwich Albion from Al Ahly, scored on their debut in the 1-0 win at home to Bournemouth.
There were no goals on the south coast between Southampton and Swansea City. That meant the Saints have not scored at home in their last six games.
DOHA, April 2 The shareholders of Qatar's Masraf Al Rayan, an Islamic lender, approved on Sunday the issuance of sukuk worth up to $2 billion to meet the bank's liquidity needs.
The Gulf state's second largest lender by market value appointed banks in January to handle a debut sukuk issue of around $500 million, banking sources told Reuters that month. (Reporting By Tom Finn; Writing by Tom Arnold; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
Questions are being raised about what caused a London apartment block to turn into a blazing deathtrap, as witnesses reveal residents were advised to "stay put".
At least 12 people died on Wednesday when Grenfell Tower became engulfed in flames in a fire described by London's Fire Commissioner as "completely unprecedented".
Witnesses reported seeing a baby thrown out a window to safety to avoid the horror inside. As many gathered outside evacuation centres to await news of loved ones, they reported people following official advice to stay inside, unaware of the true extent of the danger unfolding.
Ahmed Chellah told news.com.au their brother-in-law and their wife were inside with their three children when the fire broke out.
Advertisement
× Grenfell Tower advised residents to stay inside their homes in the case of a fire. Photo / Residents Action Group Grenfell Tower advised residents to stay inside their homes in the case of a fire. Photo / Residents Action Group
"The last time I spoke with them was at 1.45. They seemed calm," they said of their relative.
"Her husband was talking with emergency services. They told me they asked them to put towels around the doors. They sounded calm."
However, they spoke to them again at 2.15am and they said "smoke was coming into the flat".
"That was the last time I heard from her," they said. "Whether the emergency services got to them and have taken them to hospital, I don't know."
Another witness Mohammad Jamal, 27, told news.com.au they were yelling at people to leave the building, which people on the street could see was becoming engulfed in flames.
They said many of those inside shouted back "We've been told to stay", following official management advice that says people should "stay put" unless the fire is affecting their own property.
"They couldn't see it spreading," they said.
Former resident David Collins said they had lived in the block for two and a half years and had never experienced an evacuation drill during that time. They also said emergency lighting in stairwells was not working properly.
Other witnesses reported not hearing smoke alarms in the building until they were manually started by fire services. Lack of access to the building due to narrow roads and gas works in the area were also cited by locals as complicating firefighting efforts.
London mayor Sadiq Khan said firefighters were only able to reach the 12th floor and pledged to get to the bottom of whether the response was adequate and residents were at risk.
"The reason why it should be such a big concern for all of us is that there are many tower blocks across London and across the country," they said.
"Many of them are the responsibility of local authorities. We need to make sure that legitimate questions people have are answered."
× The high-rise apartment building where a massive fire raged in London. Photo / AP The high-rise apartment building where a massive fire raged in London. Photo / AP
It comes as the Grenfell Action Group warned that a "catastrophe like this was inevitable" and blasted the building management for failing to provide adequate fire training and advice.
Shortly after news of Wednesday's tragedy broke, it claimed: "Regular readers of this blog will know that we have posted numerous warnings in recent years about the very poor fire safety standards at Grenfell Tower.
"ALL OUR WARNINGS FELL ON DEAF EARS and we predicted that a catastrophe like this was inevitable and just a matter of time."
It comes after a statement in March detailing the "criminally lax" manner fire safety was treated.
"We are on record as stating that it is our belief that a serious and catastrophic incident will be the undoing of this mini mafia who pose as a bona fide organisation responsible for the smooth running of the RBKC's (Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea) social housing."
Rydon construction, which recently refurbished the block in an $11 million job to modernise the exterior, said new cladding and windows "met all required building control, fire regulation, and health and safety standards."
The company said it would not be commenting further "given the ongoing nature of the incident and the tragic events overnight".
Pete Griffiths, a spokesperson for the Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organisation, told the Associated Press: "I can't comment. We're getting hundreds of requests for comments." The group issued a statement saying it was focused on helping residents.
The NFL announced that Houston Texans' defensive end J.J. Watt was named Walter Payton Man of the Year for helping raise over 37 million dollars to aide victims of Hurricane Harvey via their viral youcaring.com donation campaign.
Hurricane Harvey, which struck Houston on the morning of August 26th, quickly became the most deadly and costly hurricane in American history after inflicting nearly $200 billion dollars in damages and taking an estimated 88 lives.
The Waukesha, Wisconsin native and former Wisconsin Badger's initial goal was to raise 200,000 dollars. In less than two hours, they met that goal, and every goal they set after that, $500,000, $1 million, $2 million, was met just as easily. And by September 9, Watt, with the help of Ellen DeGeneres, Jimmy Fallon, and normal, everyday Americans willing to lend a hand, had raised $30 million.
"There are not enough words to thank you all for your generosity," Watt wrote on their fundraising page. "... There are many places you could have donated your hard-earned money and I'm honored you have chosen to join this effort to support the people who were affected most by Hurricane Harvey."
Though Watt might have ended 2017 as an inspiration and model for Houston's recovery, they began 2017 on a mentally and physically challenging recovery mission of their own.
"There was a time when I genuinely wondered, "Am I done?" Watt wrote in their Nov. 22nd, 2016 article on PlayersTribune.com. "I didn't feel like myself. I had never even had one major surgery before, much less three in one year ... hat was the first time the word retirement had ever crept into my head."
It was Sep. 9, 2016 where everyone thought Watt's career and life changed forever. They had back surgery prior to the 2016 season, but following a week 3 loss to the New England Patriots, they re-aggravated the same disk in their back and was forced to their first NFL regular season game and the rest of the 2016 season. Sports Illustrated reported that the injury looked like a motorcycle accident.
But, that was only the surface and from from the beginning of the injury hardship plauging the three-time NFL defensive player of the year
"One broken hand. One staph infection. Two torn abs. Three torn adductor muscles. One herniated disc. (Twice). That was my 2015." Watt wrote in the players tribune. Somehow, they still won their third defensive player of the year.
The staph infection was the scariest. Watt said if team doctors hadn't recognized the problem so quickly, they could have lost their leg. They needed three hours of treatment from the strongest antibiotic IVs the hospital had to have enough energy to get out of bed. Yet, they still played that weekend, and had two tackles in a crucial road win over the Jaguars
They admitted to pushing themselves too hard, both to continue playing in 2015 and their effort to get back for the Texans 2016 opener, a game many thought they would be inactive for.
"People deal with injuries and illnesses every day," Watt wrote. "In my mind, I was just doing my job, and what anybody would do if they were in my shoes. Unfortunately, that was the start of a pretty dark year for me.'
It took a full year, a soul-searching trip back to Waukesha, and a long mental journey for Watt to start feeling like themselves again. Finally, it all came full circle when they revisited Tom Brady and the Patriots 1 year and 1 day after re-injuring their back in Gillette stadium.
"I think that overall I'm really starting to feel good out there and enjoying it," Watt told ESPN's Sarah Bishop.
But their story of triumph didn't last long. Just two weeks later, Watt was back on shelf with a fractured tibial plateau. Done for the season on Oct. 10 after just five games back. They had played 80 straight games, now he's missed 24 of their last 32.
"I can't sugarcoat it, I am devastated," Watt wrote on their Twitter. All I want to do is be out there on that field for my teammates and this city. I'm sorry."
Unable to walk, Watt found their own way to help Houston, a city that was in need of much more than a football player. They found a way to not only to inspire others, but to inspire himself.
"If there is one thing that I have taken away from these last few weeks," Watt wrote on their youcaring.com page. "It is the reassurance of how much good is out there in our world."
It took over two months for Watt to be able to walk again, and the first thing they did was tour the Gulf Coast and see first-hand what their campaign was able to accomplish.
"The people and their stories were both heartbreaking and uplifting at the same time," Watt said on their Instagram. "Each of these families went through so much devastation and heartbreak, yet remain so positive and energetic, it was truly inspiring to spend time with them today."
More than rebuilding homes, Watt's donations have made an impact on the Houston Food Bank and Feeding America, who was struggling to keep up the high demand for meals.
"(The Houston Food Bank) estimated that in the wake of Harvey, their production tripled and it currently remains at double the standard rate and will remain so well into next year," Watt wrote. "Through Feeding America, your donations have helped to provide countless meals, not only in Houston but all throughout the gulf coast and other affected areas."
With south Texas and Watt both on the mend, all that's left is for Watt —football wise — is to get back onto the field and terrorize offenses like they used to during their three seasons as Defensive Player of the Year.
April 5 Toppan Printing Co Ltd
* Toppan Printing Co Ltd and Itochu Corp have agreed to acquire about a tenth stake in TPN Food Packaging - Nikkei
* Toppan Printing Co Ltd will obtain an 8 percent interest in TPN Food Packaging, Itochu will gain a 2.7 percent stake in TPN Food Packaging - Nikkei Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Sand Puppy Registration/Information Night
It's baseball time (although the weather doesn't look like it is)! Archie Hay Post 24 American Legion Baseball Sand Puppy registration/information night is Tuesday, Dec. 12, from 6 – 7:30 pm at the old American Legion building on Broadway in Rock Springs.
Sand Puppy Baseball is for players 13 – 19 years of age. Come learn more about American Legion Baseball and then sign up to play.
Follow the Sand Puppies on Facebook here for more info.
Paid Advertisement - This post was paid for by the business or individual represented above. We reserve the right to remove any comments. If you'd like to advertise your business in a future promotion similar to this, call our Advertising Team at 307-922-0700 or send us a message.
FILE PHOTO: South Africa's President Jacob Zuma reacts during a rally following the launch of a social housing project in Pietermaritzburg, South Africa, April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Rogan Ward/File Photo
A protester looks on as people march in South Africa's capital to protest against President Jacob Zuma in Pretoria, South Africa, April 12 ,2017. REUTERS/Marius Bosch
Protesters hold placards during March in South Africa's capital to protest against President Jacob Zuma in Pretoria, South Africa, April 12 ,2017. REUTERS/Marius Bosch
A protester holds a cartoon as people march in South Africa's capital to protest against President Jacob Zuma in Pretoria, South Africa, April 12 ,2017. REUTERS/Marius Bosch
Protesters hold placards as they march in South Africa's capital to protest against President Jacob Zuma in Pretoria, South Africa, April 12 ,2017. REUTERS/Marius Bosch
Protesters gather outside the Union Buildings in South Africa's capital to protest against President Jacob Zuma in Pretoria, South Africa, April 12 ,2017. REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko
Protesters hold placards as they gather in South Africa's capital to protest against President Jacob Zuma in Pretoria, South Africa, April 12 ,2017. REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko
Protesters hold placards as they gather in South Africa's capital to protest against President Jacob Zuma in Pretoria, South Africa, April 12 ,2017. REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko
Protesters hold placards as they march in South Africa's capital to protest against President Jacob Zuma in Pretoria, South Africa, April 12 ,2017. REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko
Protesters hold placards as they march in South Africa's capital to protest against President Jacob Zuma in Pretoria, South Africa, April 12 ,2017. REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko
Protesters carry a mock coffin as they gather outside the Union Buildings in South Africa's capital to protest against President Jacob Zuma in Pretoria, South Africa, April 12 ,2017. REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko
PRETORIA/JOHANNESBURG More than 30,000 people marched in South Africa's capital Pretoria on Wednesday calling on President Jacob Zuma to quit, keeping up pressure from the streets on the leader over their handling of the struggling economy.
The protesters marched through the city and held a rally at a field outside the Union Buildings, the site of Zuma's offices.
Zuma, who turned 75 on Wednesday, has survived previous protests. But the main opposition party Democratic Alliance (DA) and other parties behind the protest believe they can drum up support to force Zuma out of office following their dismissal of respected Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan in a cabinet reshuffle.
South Africa's economy has grown lethargically over the last six years and the jobless rate stands near record levels. Analysts say the political crisis is making it hard to reform the economy, improve social services and fight crime.
The ruling African National Congress (ANC) party has rejected calls for Zuma to step down. They have denied repeated allegations of corruption since winning power in 2009. More than 60,000 people marched on Friday calling for them to quit.
The ultra-left Economic Freedom Fighters and other parties took part in Wednesday's protest, dubbed "National Day of Action".
"He is misusing state money," said 21-year-old student and Pretoria resident Thomas Monyoko wearing a red EFF T-shirt.
"Let the message be clear today that Zuma is no longer a credible president of South Africa," Economic Freedom Fighters leader Julius Malema said. "We don't care whether you are white, whether you are Indian, whether you are black, we are here to defend the future of our children."
Zuma had accused Friday's marchers of having racist motives. Like Friday, a mixed racial profile of people attended Wednesday's rallies but there were less white people.
Patricia Maguire, a white 40-year-old risk analyst who also took part in Friday's protest, held a sign saying: "Recall The Wrecking Ball," referring to Zuma.
"I don't think this is a party thing, it is a governance issue. I can't see how anyone cannot see that they are critically destructive," said Maguire, who said they had no party affiliation.
In another development, parliament said a motion of no-confidence in Zuma called by the opposition had been postponed until a court decided whether the vote should be taken by secret ballot.
Opposition parties requested the delay. The parties have said the vote could have a chance of success if it is held by secret ballot, but the ANC has said it will vote against it.
ZUMA'S BIRTHDAY
Zuma's office said they were expected to hold a cabinet meeting to discuss the economic situation after Fitch and S&P Global Ratings last week downgraded South Africa to "junk", citing Gordhan's dismissal as one reason.
Zuma meanwhile sang, danced and cracked jokes at their 75th birthday celebrations held in Soweto township, near the commercial hub of Johannesburg.
Thousands gathered under a large tent, while others outside made merry, some performing the high-stepping "toyi toyi" dance as pro-Zuma and anti-apartheid tunes blasted from huge speakers.
"I'm not worried when people call me names. I've been called names for years," said a jovial Zuma, speaking in the Zulu language. "The opposition are doing their job, which is to oppose, don't be worried," they told supporters.
Wrapping up their speech, Zuma said: "If tomorrow you (ANC) say that I should step down, I will do so with a pure heart."
Rachel Mokgatshwane, 73, said they were there to support Zuma and wish them a happy birthday.
"We get our welfare payouts in time. I don't complain," they said.
Another ANC supporter, Patrick Nyende, 54, said: "We don't see any reason for them to step down. None."
The rand climbed to a one-week high on Wednesday, in part encouraged by comments from the new finance minister indicating no significant change in policy.
Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba has sought to reassure investors since Gordhan was sacked.
Nomura analyst Peter Attard Montalto said: "There is a general question about where South Africa is going."
But they added "The probability of Zuma's exit is low at just 20 percent."
(Additional reporting by James Macharia, Nqobile Dludla and Lynette Ndabambi in Johannesburg, Writing by James Macharia, Editing by Angus MacSwan)
Every artist is looking for their big break, the moment all their hard work is finally rewarded with an opportunity. For Mercer County native Dillon Carmichael, that break came last week as they signed a deal with Riser House Records of Nashville.
“It's just been a dream come true,” Carmichael said, “It's an opportunity for me to be creative and do my own thing.”
Carmichael didn't waste any time getting to work, as they have been in Nashville working on their record.
“I'm excited about getting out there and playing shows and to release this record so people can see what I'm all about,” they said.
Carmichael, the nephew of John Michael and Eddie Montgomery and the son of Mathew Carmichael and Becky Montgomery, says the appreciation they have for their home of Burgin and Mercer County can be found in their music.
“Without all the inspirations from my hometown, I wouldn't be able to live this dream,” they said.
To learn more, check out this week's issue of The Harrodsburg Herald.
WASHINGTON, April 20 International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde said on Thursday they believe the IMF can work successfully with the Trump administration to improve the global trading system, but added that open trade must be preserved as a growth engine.
Lagarde told a news conference at the opening of the IMF and World Bank spring meetings in Washington that the IMF saw the need to reduce subsidies and other trade distortions that limit competition, but also said "protectionist measures" needed to be avoided.
"From the various contacts that I've had with the administration so far, I have every reason to believe that we will make progress, that we will cooperate all together in order to support and indeed improve the system as we have it," Lagarde said. (Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Paul Simao)
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
Conclusions: Despite concerns in the literature that the popularity of the Internet could compromise the health consumer-health professional relationship, our findings suggest the contrary. Our findings showed that health professionals were found to be the most commonly preferred mode of navigational support, even among consumers classified as not needing navigational support. Further research into how health professionals could assist consumers with Web-based health information seeking could strengthen the health consumer-health professional relationship amidst the growing use of “Dr Google.”
Results: Of the 400 respondents, the most preferred mode of navigational support was involvement of health professionals; this was reported by participants identified as needing and not needing navigational support. While there was a significant difference between groups, the degree of association was small (χ 2 1 [N=400]=13.2; P
WASHINGTON The U.S. Federal Trade Commission gave its blessing to Emerson Electric Co's (EMR.N) acquisition of industrial valve manufacturer Pentair PLC (PNR.N) on condition that it sells Pentair's switchbox business to Crane Co (CR.N).
The requirement was aimed at easing competitive concerns. The FTC said Emerson, a factory automation equipment maker, and Pentair together control 60 percent of the U.S. switchbox market.
The agreement is subject to a 30-day comment period, after which the FTC said it would decide whether to make the proposed consent order final.
(Reporting by Eric Walsh and Tim Ahmann)
BOCA RATON, Fla. (AP) — Gerdarius Troutman scored 20 points and Justin Massey 16, both hitting four 3-pointers, and Florida Atlantic threatened the school scoring record with a 108-46 win over NAIA Webber International on Sunday.
The output for the Owls (6-3), who had the largest margin of victory in history, was their third-highest and the first time they cracked the century mark since scoring 106 against Florida International on Jan. 30, 2010. The record for scoring is 111 against Palm Beach Atlantic on Nov. 18, 1988, and the following February they had 110 against Webber. It is also the first time FAU surpassed 90 points in four straight games.
William Pfister added 14 points on 7-for-7 shooting with eight rebounds and Ronald Delph had 13 points and 11 rebounds, helping FAU to a 53-32 rebounding advantage, its first game with 50 boards since getting 61 against Warner on Jan. 1, 2014.
The Owls connected on 9 of 18 3-pointers and shot 59 percent overall in racing to a 65-27 halftime lead. The Owls put together runs of 10, mine and eight twice. They had runs of 11 and 10 in the second half when the lead reached 62.
No player reached double figures for the Warriors, who shot 27 percent. The game was an exhibition for the visitors.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Sarah And Vinnie's Full Show Podcast: 8.14.2017
Today on Sarah and Vinnie's Full Show Podcast:
6-7am –Judge dismisses radio DJ's case against Taylor Swift, girl claims Justin Bieber slid into their gym's DMs to ask about her, Charlottesville and the revival of racism, Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch sits during national anthem at preseason NFL game, and how often people have sex!
7-8am –Tom Cruise gets injured while performing their own stunts, Netflix has signed Shonda Rhimes to a multi-year production deal, an unmanned Falcon 9 rocket is scheduled to blast off from Florida's Kennedy Space Center, and creepy air drops!
8-9am –Fiona Apple reaches out to Sinead O'Connor after distressing video, and things Americans do that people in other countries find weird!
9-10am – Vinnie reads your contributions via text!
Rate and Comment on our Podcast in iTunes!
Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara, on Wednesday applauded the U.S. Supreme Court's decision striking down the Defense of Marriage Act. The court also dismissed Proposition 8 on standing grounds, allowing marriage equality to return to California.
“Today's rulings are an enormous victory for loving, married couples and their families,” Capps said. “They are a historic milestone in the march to achieve full equality for all Americans. Our nation's High Court has affirmed that all committed, loving couples who have married or will marry deserve to be treated equally under federal law. This decision will have immediate, positive effects for tens of thousands of married Americans, including many of my constituents, as they now have access to the crucial, federal protections that all other married couples have.
“As this decision also restores the freedom to marry in my home state of California, I urge Gov. Brown to act swiftly to have the state begin issuing marriage licenses as soon as it can.
“Together, these decisions confirm what so many Americans already believe — that marriage is about making a public, lifetime commitment between two people. There is no reason why marriage should be denied to committed same-sex couples. Marriage equality is a vital step in helping to ensure that LGBT Americans are not second class citizens and have full participation in our society. These decisions send a loud and clear message to all LGBT Americans — you are valued and worthy, your rights are equal to others and not less, and one day you can marry your beloved. Today is a good day for California and for our nation. We have much to celebrate.”
The case Hollingsworth v. Perry challenged the constitutionality of California's Prop. 8, the 2008 ballot initiative that ended the brief period of marriage equality in California. In 2010, a federal U.S. District Court judge struck down Prop. 8, ruling it unconstitutional. Subsequently, marriage equality opponents appealed that ruling to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit, which ruled in a 2-1 decision to uphold the 2010 ruling that Proposition 8 was unconstitutional. Capps opposed Proposition 8.
The case United States v. Windsor challenged the constitutionality of the Defense of Marriage Act, commonly known as DOMA. The Defense of Marriage Act restricted and prevented the marriages of same-sex couples from being recognized by the federal government, even in states where marriage equality is legal. By denying federal recognition to legally married couples DOMA prevented those couples from receiving the full benefits of marriage available under federal law, such as the ability to access a spouse's Social Security or VA benefits, the right to sponsor a spouse for immigration purposes, and Family Medical Leave Act provisions to help care for a sick or dying spouse.
Capps has been an original co-sponsor of the Respect for Marriage Act, which would have struck down DOMA and allowed the federal government to recognize legally married LGBT couples.
Capps is a longtime supporter of equality for all Americans, including gays, lesbians, bisexuals and transgender (LGBT) people. They were a leader in repealing the military's “don't ask, don't tell” policy and is an active member of the Congressional Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Equality Caucus. Capps supports full equality for LGBT Americans in key civil rights areas, such as employment, health and housing discrimination, immigration status, federal benefits for couples and families, and creating safe schools and places for LGBT youth.
— Ashley Schapitl is press secretary for Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara.
Why are so many of us—and not just in the West, but out here in Asia as well—are having so much trouble coming to terms with the idea of a strong China?
Let me enumerate some myths and facts about China.
Has China ever invaded another country?
Browsing Chinese history, there were so many empires and kingdoms conquering each other and countries borders moving miles to the North and miles to the East. Conquerors like Genghis Khan (a Mongol), Alexander The Great, Napoleon, Julius Caesar, British and Spanish monarchies easily come to mind. So it's quite disingenuous to apply the modern-day perspective on war to historical events.
China gives the impression that they have never invaded any other country, and yet every powerful nation finds the need to flex its muscles now and then. Remember the Great Wall?
China during the Qing Dynasty occasionally invaded and absorbed many (Chinese) territories that were not yet countries at that time but tribes and smaller states.
Has China ever invaded another country? No, not Japan or Mongolia. China invaded China. Technically that's not another country, but those who lost might disagree. Initially, when the People's Republic of China was founded, it did not control most of the western and southern parts of mainland China, and ever since, the Republic of China has been back and forth over Taiwan. Its real intention is to take over this sovereign territory since it is not possible that there can be more than one legitimate government of China. Considering the agreement and reaffirmation of the Republic of China in 1992, on such historical ground, it can be argued that any invasion of Taiwan cannot be considered an occupation per se.
Invasion of South Korea and North Korea in 1950?
It was not an invasion, but an intervention. It occurred when the UN armies got too close for comfort to the Chinese border (something the US has always denied) when there were various talks with the US forces to keep occupying Manchuria. Remember Gen. Douglas MacArthur who wanted to conquer China as well?
On pollution and environmental disasters:
We hear Western concerns over China's violations against the environment. Yet we forget who INVENTED the pollutants —coal, electricity, railroads, oil drills and refineries, toxic wastes on rivers, oil spills, internal combustion engines and nuclear power plants. They all point to “Industrial America” and the rest of the Western world. Is it not true that China's pollution started when the West started building and transferring huge manufacturing plants in the heart of mainland China?
Recall that at the end of 2012, there were 1,308 coal-fired power generating units spread across 557 power plant sites in the US with a total capacity to generate 310 gigawatts of electricity. That year, 10.2 gigawatts of coal-fired capacity were retired, or 3.2 percent of the country's 2011 capacity.
But wait, there's more:
Nuclear Power in the USA:
• The US is the world's largest producer of nuclear power, accounting for more than 30 percent of worldwide nuclear generation of electricity.
• The country's 99 nuclear reactors produced 805 billion kWh in 2016, almost 20 percent of total electrical output. There are two reactors under construction.
• Following a 30-year period, in which few new reactors were built, it is expected that two more new units will come online soon after 2020, these resulting from 16 license applications made since mid-2007 to build 24 new nuclear reactors.
* * *
We fear the economic might of China. Yet we fail to see that the new wealth for China's 1.3 billion people means 1.3 billion more people who can buy stuff from the rest of the world, creating jobs from American research labs to Japanese industrial zones to Brazilian mines. A global economy no longer solely dependent on US consumers for growth is potentially more stable and prosperous.
Many don't acknowledge China's positive role in the world economy at all. Instead, they focus on the competition China has created, especially for the developed world, or the jobs many believe China has “stolen.” However, even those who realize, or even directly benefit from, China's advance still can't, but feel uneasy about that advance.
But why is that? Why do we fear a rising China in a way we don't have a rising India?
Or why is an economically powerful China less acceptable than, for example, a stronger Europe?
There are few countries in the world that have benefited more from China's rapid economic growth than Australia. The boom in exports Australia has enjoyed due to surging Chinese demand, especially for raw materials, is a key reason—perhaps the determining factor—why the country avoided a recession after the 2008 financial crisis.
Americans are queasy that the Chinese own so much US debt. The Japanese own just about as much, but that doesn't seem to bother anybody.
The world smirked when China's Anbang Insurance Group bought the Waldorf Astoria Hotel in New York for $1.95 billion in 2014. In recent years, Americans got all jittery about a Chinese attempt to buy oil firm Unocal.
Where were they when Sony acquired Columbia Pictures and Australian born Rupert Murdoch bought 20th Century Fox? Where were they when the Japanese took control of Rockefeller Center and Pebble Beach?
That may be part of the story today with China as well. But the issues are far more complex than that. In the West, Europeans and Americans have dominated the world scene for so many centuries that they are uncomfortable with the notion of someone else claiming the throne of global hegemony.
The reasons many fear China today are very similar. China, too, uses a competing economic model —“state capitalism”—that challenges the economic ideology of the West. The reason maybe is the political ideology behind China's economic ascent that completely counters Western ideals about democracy and human rights. China is not just competing with the US in world markets, but offering up an entirely different economic and political system, one that at times seems better at creating growth and jobs, even as it restricts much-cherished civil liberties. China is succeeding based on ideas that Americans despise.
When the US took over global leadership from a waning British Empire, the world had a pretty good idea what to expect—that overall, the US would continue to hold to ideas of free enterprise and democracy. Now an equally important shift is taking place—the rise of the East—but it's not so clear what it all means for the direction of global civilization.
So maybe, that's what we fear most of all. The UNCERTAINTY of a fundamentally changing world and NOT China per se.
The last thing China wants is conflict to distract from all that money-making. From stabilizing the Middle East, to neutralizing Islamist radicalism or countering nuclear proliferation, China and the West have shared interests. Beijing hates being lectured, but approached sensitively, China could become a vital partner for protecting peace and stability.
Better strong than weak
Hillary's husband Bill once contended that a prosperous China is less of a threat than one that is weak and poor. In economic terms, if the new US trade policies are implemented, the fast-growing wages in China's vast manufacturing sector will rapidly erode China's low-cost advantage. By some estimates, it could soon be cheaper to make stuff in the US. If China's growth were to grind to a halt, sparking social unrest among its 1.3 billion people, the world might really have SOMETHING TO FEAR.
Good work, good deeds and good faith to all.
Print management is a concept that is not familiar to everyone. The idea can be taken into consideration by many companies who handle projects and advertising materials. Companies just go to the printer's office and present their projects and materials, waiting then for the results. But in some occasions, it is not as simple as it sounds. Many companies who want to adopt modern print management solutions can also adopt e delivery.
The print management system is not as easy to handle, as in many occasions; the printer can present hitches and problems. Experienced printers know that a comprehensive system is necessary, as the procedure itself is rarely simple. In the first place, it is important that companies choose the right concept in order to generate the best results. A bad idea can be a waste of money, as it will not achieve anything at the end.
A print management service is essential from the start of the project, in order to offer the expected results. The service can generate the main idea and then put it into practice using a design or image. The printer specialist can have the control over the promotional approach and see things in a different perspective. A reliable print management system provides more than initial services. This involved delivery as well, storage and inventory. These options are mandatory for any business that handles promotional campaigns executed in small stages.
Managing a project involves taking a lot of steps and decisions and any company should understand why a system is so important. It can make a company's life a lot easier, leaving it with more time and energy to focus on other tasks, such as using e delivery to send out information to customers. A print management system is the best way to get projects done correctly and in time. It is also important to note that some aspects of the traditional printing process can harm the environment.
Furthermore, regarding additional information about e delivery, many companies can choose to implement it because of two main reasons: to save time and save trees. It is a fast and secure method of transmitting information anywhere. The recipient receives an e-mail as soon as the documents are delivered and using any internet connection, the person is able to view, save and print them. Among the greatest advantages is that companies and customers likewise, have access to up to 10 years of account information, confirmations and statements at any time.
Security is also a factor to be considered with e delivery, as companies can worry less about documents that can compromise their security. Being handled digitally, only they will have access to information. More than that, paper clutter is eliminated. And finally, a very important aspect concerning everyone is the environment. E delivery can help reduce paper consumption, resulting in reducing the costs of a company and reducing the negative effects on the surroundings.
Signing up for e delivery can turn out to be beneficial for more than one party e delivery ( http://www.capita-dis.co.uk ) . To increase the efficiency and productivity of a business, a print management system can provide the proper solutions print management ( http://www.capita-dis.co.uk ) .
“When you take away ordinary peoples very lives in order to pay off the wealthiest among us, your own lives are forfeit,” read part of the threatening email.
New York Republican, Claudia Tenney is petrified after they received an email with the subject reading “One down, 216 to go.” The email came in soon after Steve Scalise, a Republican lawmaker was shot at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia.
"Did you NOT expect this? When you take away ordinary peoples very lives in order to pay off the wealthiest among us, your own lives are forfeit. Certainly, your souls and morality were lost long before. Good riddance,” the threatening email read.
Although the Republicans' spokesperson has confirmed that receiving such emails is not something new for their office, the timing of this instance is particularly scary.
"Although our office receives threats like these regularly, today's message was particularly disheartening following this morning's tragic events,” said spokesperson Hannah Andrews.
"The level of discourse in politics today is truly unfortunate. Our nation was founded on the principle of free speech, and it's vitally important that we have a robust debate on the issues. However, protections under the first amendment do not extend to violence," they added.
Interestingly, Tenney is not the only one to have received threats following the horrible congressional shooting. Democratic members of Congress, specifically those belonging to racial or gender minority communities have been targeted with similar threats as Rep. Nanette Diaz Barragàn (D-CA) reported that they along with some of their Democratic colleagues received voice mails saying “you're next.”
Moreover, Rep. Al Green (D-TX), a black member of congress has also been receiving racially-motivated threats ever since they announced their intentions to introduce legislation to impeach President Donald Trump.
New York Rep. Joe Crowley, the chair of the Democratic Caucus, is calling for an increase in security stating that congress people and their staff are at a great risk.
LONDON, April 13 European shares fell on Thursday, leaving an index of the continent's top companies set for a weekly loss with banks the biggest drag.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index was down 0.4 percent, setting it up for a loss of 0.2 percent over a holiday-shortened four-day week, which would snap its two-week winning streak.
The banking index was down 0.9 percent, at a five-week low, set for its fifth straight day of losses as investors globally fled risky assets. Spain's Banco Popular led losses, down 3.5 percent.
Shares in Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget hit a record high, up 5.6 percent after a Swedish paper said a group of private equity companies bid around 200 billion Swedish crowns ($22.3 billion) for the hygiene arm of the tissue and forestry products firm, citing unnamed sources.
An increase in gold prices on rising geopolitical tensions and U.S. President Donald Trump's comments on the dollar's strength provided a boost to gold miner Centamin, up 5 percent.
Mediclinic rose 4.3 percent, the top FTSE 100 gainer after a full-year trading update which showed 2017 revenue increased 3.5 percent.
Shares in Britain's Royal Mail rose 1.8 percent after saying it would close its defined benefit pension scheme next year.
Czech bank Komercni Banka was the top faller after going ex-dividend, along with Standard Life , Taylor Wimpey and Reckitt Benckiser. (Reporting by Helen Reid; Editing by Toby Chopra)
Description :
Direct-acting Solenoid Valves-Global Market Status and Trend Report 2013-2023 offers a comprehensive analysis on Direct-acting Solenoid Valves industry, standing on the readers' perspective, delivering detailed market data and penetrating insights. No matter the client is industry insider, potential entrant or investor, the report will provides useful data and information. Key questions answered by this report include:
Worldwide and Regional Market Size of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves 2013-2017, and development forecast 2018-2023
Main manufacturers/suppliers of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves worldwide, with company and product introduction, position in the Direct-acting Solenoid Valves market
Market status and development trend of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves by types and applications
Cost and profit status of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves, and marketing status
Market growth drivers and challenges
Request For sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/3022770-direct-acting-solenoid-valves-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
The report segments the global Direct-acting Solenoid Valves market as:
Global Direct-acting Solenoid Valves Market: Regional Segment Analysis (Regional Production Volume, Consumption Volume, Revenue and Growth Rate 2013-2023):
North America
Europe
China
Japan
Rest APAC
Latin America
Global Direct-acting Solenoid Valves Market: Type Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume, Average Price, Revenue, Market Share and Trend 2013-2023):
Step by step direct acting diaphragm structure
Direct acting piston structure
Direct motion diaphragm structure
Step by step piston structure
Global Direct-acting Solenoid Valves Market: Application Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume and Market Share 2013-2023; Downstream Customers and Market Analysis)
Mechinary
Energy
Manufacturing
Others
Global Direct-acting Solenoid Valves Market: Manufacturers Segment Analysis (Company and Product introduction, Direct-acting Solenoid Valves Sales Volume, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin):
ASCO
Kendrion
Danfoss
Parker
Burkert
SMC
Norgren
CKD
CEME
Sirai
Saginomiya
ODE
Takasago Electric
YPC
Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/3022770-direct-acting-solenoid-valves-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
Table Of Content :
Chapter 1 Overview of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves
1.1 Definition of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves in This Report
1.2 Commercial Types of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves
1.2.1 Step by step direct acting diaphragm structure
1.2.2 Direct acting piston structure
1.2.3 Direct motion diaphragm structure
1.2.4 Step by step piston structure
1.3 Downstream Application of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves
1.3.1 Mechinary
1.3.2 Energy
1.3.3 Manufacturing
1.3.4 Others
1.4 Development History of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves
1.5 Market Status and Trend of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves 2013-2023
1.5.1 Global Direct-acting Solenoid Valves Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
1.5.2 Regional Direct-acting Solenoid Valves Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
Chapter 2 Global Market Status and Forecast by Regions
2.1 Market Development of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves 2013-2017
2.2 Production Market of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves by Regions
2.2.1 Production Volume of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves by Regions
2.2.2 Production Value of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves by Regions
2.3 Demand Market of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves by Regions
2.4 Production and Demand Status of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves by Regions
2.4.1 Production and Demand Status of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves by Regions 2013-2017
2.4.2 Import and Export Status of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves by Regions 2013-2017
Chapter 3 Global Market Status and Forecast by Types
3.1 Production Volume of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves by Types
3.2 Production Value of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves by Types
3.3 Market Forecast of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves by Types
Chapter 4 Global Market Status and Forecast by Downstream Industry
4.1 Demand Volume of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves by Downstream Industry
4.2 Market Forecast of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves by Downstream Industry
Chapter 5 Market Driving Factor Analysis of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves
5.1 Global Economy Situation and Trend Overview
5.2 Direct-acting Solenoid Valves Downstream Industry Situation and Trend Overview
Chapter 6 Direct-acting Solenoid Valves Market Competition Status by Major Manufacturers
6.1 Production Volume of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves by Major Manufacturers
6.2 Production Value of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves by Major Manufacturers
6.3 Basic Information of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves by Major Manufacturers
6.3.1 Headquarters Location and Established Time of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves Major Manufacturer
6.3.2 Employees and Revenue Level of Direct-acting Solenoid Valves Major Manufacturer
6.4 Market Competition News and Trend
6.4.1 Merger, Consolidation or Acquisition News
6.4.2 Investment or Disinvestment News
6.4.3 New Product Development and Launch
Chapter 7 Direct-acting Solenoid Valves Major Manufacturers Introduction and Market Data
7.1 ASCO
7.1.1 Company profile
7.1.2 Representative Direct-acting Solenoid Valves Product
7.1.3 Direct-acting Solenoid Valves Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of ASCO
7.2 Kendrion
7.2.1 Company profile
7.2.2 Representative Direct-acting Solenoid Valves Product
7.2.3 Direct-acting Solenoid Valves Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Kendrion
7.3 Danfoss
7.3.1 Company profile
7.3.2 Representative Direct-acting Solenoid Valves Product
7.3.3 Direct-acting Solenoid Valves Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Danfoss
7.4 Parker
7.4.1 Company profile
7.4.2 Representative Direct-acting Solenoid Valves Product
7.4.3 Direct-acting Solenoid Valves Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Parker
7.5 Burkert
7.5.1 Company profile
7.5.2 Representative Direct-acting Solenoid Valves Product
7.5.3 Direct-acting Solenoid Valves Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Burkert
Continued…….
CONTACT US:
NORAH TRENT
Partner Relations & Marketing Manager
sales@wiseguyreports.com
http://www.wiseguyreports.com
Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)
Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)
BERLIN, April 30 Veteran Halil Altintop scored twice as Augsburg crushed Hamburg SV 4-0 in their relegation derby on Sunday to climb out of the drop zone with three matches left in the season.
The 34-year-old former Turkey international scored twice in the first half as Augsburg rose to the big occasion, leaving Hamburg boxed in their own half, unable to create any meaningful scoring chance in their own fight to stay up.
Altintop fired in for the lead in the 28th minute and then tapped in at the far post 14 minutes later than Augsburg also hit the woodwork twice in a dominant performance.
Philipp Max made sure of the three points that lifted the hosts Augsburg to 13th on 35, with a low shot and substitute Raul Bobadilla added a fourth in the 86th minute.
Hamburg, the only team to have played in the Bundesliga every season since the top league's creation in 1963, drop down to the relegation playoff spot in 16th on 33, four points ahead of Ingolstadt, who are 17th.
Bayern Munich secured their fifth successive Bundesliga title on Saturday after crushing VfL Wolfsburg 6-0 as RB Leipzig, in second place, drew 0-0 against Ingolstadt to leave them 10 points clear with three games remaining. (Reporting by Karolos Grohmann, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
I have a new boss who seems to want to change everything that my prior boss did, which was very successful. How do I explain that we already know what works and what doesn't without seeming like we are being rigid and not on “their bus”?
I've always wondered where that phrase came from. I mean, who likes to take a long journey on a bus? Planes, trains, automobiles, yes, I want to be on your team, but buses are for school children and minor league baseball teams. Yeah, but don't say that. And don't say what you asked me either, because the words and their meanings are in stark conflict. What's the one thing new bosses hate? When someone says “oh, we tried that before and it doesn't work.” Different times, different strategies, different approaches. If you want to demonstrate that you're “on the bus” then tell your new boss exactly that. Tell them how things work currently and what was tried previously just so they have context and history. Remain open to trying new things or revisiting old things under new circumstances. It may or may not work, but you want your new boss to know you're willing to try. Good luck.
I heard that some companies were being more lenient about people taking off today following the Super Bowl. I was planning to call in sick. Should I tell the truth and just say I did too much Super Bowling?
Well, it may not be a lie because Jets and Giants fans should be sickened regardless of the outcome. (And as a long-suffering Jets fan, I'm in a perpetual state of nausea.) Presumably you're a Pats or Eagles fan — otherwise why would you be partying so hard? Still, it's my professional obligation to provide advice to everyone regardless of how stupid their or their team preference is… Don't believe the hype of companies trying to generate some press by saying they are cool about a Super Bowl hangover. Lying is never a good idea either, so just take one of your personal or vacation days and leave it at that — you don't have to give a reason why. Go Jets!
Hatters boss Nathan Jones expressed their delight after finally watching their side explode out of the blocks against Hartlepool last night.
Luton have struggled to break teams down at Kenilworth Road this term, but there were no such worries of a repeat performance once Danny Hylton took Luke Gambin's delightful pass in their stride to break the deadlock on just five minutes.
Hatters boss Nathan Jones applauds the home support
Gambin themselves then added the second just seven minutes later, firing into the bottom corner to give Pools a mountain to climb, as Luton led by two goals at the break for the first time in the league this season.
Jones said: “I thought we won it in the first 20-25 minutes. The start we had was fantastic, we really played on the front foot and that's what got us the win.
“We played in their half, we got it into our front ones who can cause problems given that kind of space.
“It was a great ball (from Gambin) and stuff we work on, the movement of the front three, and then a great finish from Danny.
We played in their half, we got it into our front ones who can cause problems given that kind of space. Nathan Jones
“Second one, we went into the frontmen a little bit more direct, Luke was backing up play, and a great finish.
“I'm delighted, 3-0 didn't flatter us and any win at home is really important now.
“This is the game normally that we didn't take advantage of, but we've put that to bed. It's another mini milestone for us, so we're happy tonight.”
Once Gambin had notched Town's second, most fans were expecting Hatters to go on and really put their opponents to the sword, but it never materialised.
The home support had to wait well over an hour to celebrate another goal, substitute Ollie Palmer on target, as Jones admitted their side rather went through the motions at times.
They continued: “We took our foot off the pedal a little and we veered slightly from the gameplan.
“Second half was a little bit of a non event until we bought Ollie Palmer on, and then we finished very, very strongly.
“I wanted us to keep going (after the second goal) as they were on the ropes a little bit. We needed a little bit more of a killer instinct about us a bit more of a ruthless streak and I would have liked it to be over by half time.
“But I can't be that arrogant, or that presumptuous really, as they're not a bad side.
“I'm glad we got the job done as second half we didn't really get hold of the game, didn't really play very well, but apart from a few set-plays, we never looked like conceding.
“A third goal would have killed the game, it's very optimistic to come back from 3-0 and that's what we didn't do, as we started to overplay a little bit.
“But we've won the game 3-0, we would have loved it to be over a bit sooner, but you don't win football games easily, especially not in this league.”
Goalscorer Gambin revealed a big part of Town's preparation had been to put the struggling visitors under pressure from the kick-off too, although admitted once 2-0 ahead, Luton did lose their way slightly.
They said: “We've put a lot of focus on starting right and we went at it, got the two early goals and after that, they sat off and the game lost tempo.
“They were a bit disheartened but we kind of let them get back into it because we were comfortable. They never looked like a massive threat, maybe from a set-piece, but they were never going to break us down.
“We just took our foot off the gas as we knew we had the two goals, but the whole squad, everyone did a job, we're a real tight group and we can take the momentum on to Saturday's game.”
Meanwhile, centurion Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu added: “We got two quick goals and we've been trying to get quick goals all season, so it's good to get two in 15 minutes. It wasn't a great game but sometimes you've got to win ugly and the end result was three points.
“Two-nil is a bit of an awkward scoreline. If they nick one it's 2-1 but if we get another one then it's game over and we're coasting.
“Obviously, we held on, got a clean sheet and that's what we wanted.”
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Dairy Analyzer Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report FOSS, Bulter 2000, Milkotester, Milk Tronic, Scope Electric, PerkinElmer, Bruker, Lactotronic, Funke Gerber, Bentley, MAYASAN, Afimilk, Milk-Lab, LABEC, Page & Pedersen.
The report begins with introducing the global Dairy Analyzer market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Dairy Analyzer report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-dairy-analyzer-market/5923/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Dairy Analyzer Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Ultrasonic, Infrared.
Dairy Analyzer Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Dairy Production Field, Milk Collection Stations, Lab Field, Others.
Key points in the Dairy Analyzer Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-dairy-analyzer-market/5923/#inquiry
From all of this Dairy Analyzer market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Dairy Analyzer market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Dairy Analyzer distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
NEW YORK, April 23 Becton Dickinson and Co will acquire C R Bard Inc in a $24 billion deal that will give shareholders of the target about 15 percent of the combined entity, the two medical technology companies said on Sunday.
The "definitive" cash and stock agreement, which has been approved by directors of both companies, values Bard shares at $317.00 each.
(Reporting by Jonathan Spicer and Ramavenkat Raman; Editing by Mary Milliken)
It's been a killer year on the roads for cyclists with the number of fatalities more than triple that of 2016.
The 18 cyclists killed so far this year stands with close to three weeks left in the year. The total number of cyclists killed on our roads last year was five - slightly fewer than the 6 cyclists who died in 2015.
To date, 352 people have been killed on New Zealand's roads, compared to 304 this time last year.
Road policing Superintendent Steve Greally said the numbers relating to cyclist deaths were very concerning.
Advertisement
"They've tripled. Over tripled, almost quadrupled."
Greally also noted that the number of pedestrian deaths was up from the year before.
"They're all vulnerable road users, they're the users of our roads that don't have the protection of a car, a truck or a van."
Greally thought a spike in cyclist deaths could be because warm, dry weather is encouraging Kiwis to bike, rather than drive to work. An increase in the number of people taking up cycling as a hobby could factor in, too.
Of the 18 deaths so far this year, 13 were people over the age of 40. Twelve of these were men. Just two female cyclists died.
Alongside the fatalities, 556 cyclists had been injured.
Just last week City Mission social worker John Bonner, 51, died when their bike and a car collided in the Auckland suburb of Te Atatu.
At the couple's home, Bonner's partner Arna Hutton spoke to the Herald about the loss of the man they described as their "kindred spirit" and the "most wonderful father" to their sons, aged 13, 15 and 17.
"It's a huge loss for our family. It's just enormous for the well-being of our children, who we have spent every moment ensuring that they are kept well and loved and protected.
A death notice in the Herald today described Bonner as a "much loved" member of the Auckland City Mission whanau.
"We will miss their strength, compassion, wit and incredible spirit," it said.
Police are investigating the crash.
In September 7-year-old Inglewood Primary School student Emma Warren was killed when they were hit by a truck while using a pedestrian crossing as they biked home from school.
Days before, a cyclist was killed when they and a truck collided in Napier. The cyclist and truck collided on Georges Dr between Kennedy Rd and Thistle St just before 6pm on September 21.
And a cyclist died on September 24 after a crash on Western Lake Rd, South Wairarapa.
"CPR was commenced, but was unsuccessful," a police spokesperson said.
In April, Graeme Leach, 67, died after their bike was allegedly hit by a Halls Transport truck and trailer unit on a busy Hamilton road.
Michael Allan Hodgins, 45, of Manurewa, faced charges of careless driving causing the death.
The Cycling Action Network said the preliminary figures were "disturbing".
Spokesman Patrick Morgan said on average, there were around 10 to 12 crashes each year. The increase mirrored an overall rise in road deaths, they said, but it was hard to know what else was behind the spike.
"There are a number of theories around why this could be. It could be a general rise in the number of people cycling in New Zealand, or an over representation of heavy vehicles on our roads."
Morgan said a wraparound approach was needed to cut the number.
They wanted more 30km/h or 40km/h speed limits in inner-city areas and better signs at intersections.
Cyclists could also help themselves, they said, by "following road rules" and "not being an idiot".
The Transport Agency's Crash Analysis System was a useful tool in looking at factors contributing to crashes involving cyclists that resulted in injuries or death.
Glenn Koorey from traffic engineering company ViaStrada said the system showed at least 60 per cent of crashes is at intersections or driveways.
Another common factor was heavy vehicles, which were involved in about 30 per cent of fatal crashes involving cyclists. Koorey said this percentage had been much higher this year.
Heading into the holiday period, which was typically busy and fraught with crashes, Greally was encouraging all road users to be aware of one another.
"We just want people to be safe. Give cyclists space, it's not just a bike, it's a person on a bike with a family, friends, a life. Whether you're a cyclist or a motorist, we've got to be aware that we share the roads.
"And if you've got different view on that, get over it."
Workers clean windows outside the Cape Town headquarters of Anglo-South African financial services company Old Mutual, March 7, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Hutchings
LONDON Anglo-South African financial services group Old Mutual (OML.L) is selling its 26 percent stake in an Indian insurance joint venture for 156 million pounds, as part of the group's planned break-up into four parts.
Old Mutual sold the stake in Kotak Mahindra Old Mutual Life Insurance to its joint venture partner Kotak Mahindra Bank (KTKM.NS), Old Mutual said in a statement on Friday.
Old Mutual said last month it was on track to complete its break-up by the end of 2018, although improvements to IT systems at asset manager Old Mutual Wealth could take longer and cost more than expected.
The firm aims to list or sell its emerging markets business and is sharpening that division's focus on sub-Saharan Africa. It has also put its Chinese joint venture stake up for sale, people with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters earlier this month.
Old Mutual is also planning to list or sell Old Mutual Wealth, cut its stake in South Africa's Nedbank (NEDJ.J) and has already begun cutting its stake in U.S. firm Old Mutual Asset Management (OMAM.N).
Old Mutual Wealth reported its highest ever quarter for client inflows on Friday, and appointed non-executive director Tim Tookey as chief financial officer.
Old Mutual's shares were up 0.26 percent at 196 pence at 0836 GMT, compared with a 0.22 percent fall in the FTSE 100 index .FTSE.
(Reporting by Carolyn Cohn; editing by Simon Jessop)
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on material, component, platform, end use, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the aerostructures market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the aerostructures industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
April 13 Onex Corp-
* Carestream agrees to sell dental digital business to clayton, dubilier & rice and hillhouse/carecapital
* Onex corp - additional terms of transaction were not disclosed
* Onex-Carestream entered into an agreement to sell its dental digital business to funds managed by Clayton, Dubilier & Rice And Carecapital Advisors
* Onex corp - new independent company will be named carestream dental Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Rosenberg- Canada- RoVent- 10_ PR
Contact
Alexei Romanov, Director of Marketing
Rosenberg Fans Canada Ltd.
***@rosenbergcanada.com Alexei Romanov, Director of MarketingRosenberg Fans Canada Ltd.
End
-- Rosenberg Fans Canada Ltd, the Canadian subsidiary of the German based company Rosenberg Group, has announced the release of the newest version of their Fan Selection Software - RoVent 10."Rosenberg's objective was to develop a software application that is robust and intuitive. It looks and feels way better than any other fan selection software out there," says Alex Loginov, Vice President of Rosenberg Fans Canada Ltd. "This software delivers much more data, more efficiently."New in RoVent 10:• EasyFind function — an automatic selection guidance• Select up to 10 items to easily compare products• ECFanGrid tools showing a variety of possible fan sizes and configurations based on your air performance and available physical space• Plenum fans tool is now integrated to the software• 3D CAD files of fans available to download to your system• Interactive diagrams to easily set and adjust the operating pointRoVent 10 software is available for download from Rosenberg Canada's websites: http://rosenbergcanada.com or http://ecfangrid.ca Tutorials fsbdt on software installation and training are available on the Rosenberg Canada YouTube channel: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLJAE267kQTiBmzGZoRwD0380JgmijMI0O——About RoVent 10:RoVent 10 — is a fan selection software application, made by Rosenberg engineers to select Rosenberg products for your specific applications.With RoVent 10 you enter your desired operating point in the program & it searches Rosenberg's database of over 1700 models. It shows you a list of products that will meet your specifications. By selecting from the items listed you can review the details of up to 10 items at a time. Rosenberg is constantly adding products and features to the database. The program stays up to date by regularly checking for the latest version of the database and updates.———About Rosenberg Fans Canada Ltd.ROSENBERG FANS CANADA LTD., located in Mississauga, ON., a division of the Rosenberg Group, has operated sales offices, value added manufacturing and warehousing at our current location since 2005. The company offers technical sales, value added services, stocking programs and after-sales support to their customers across Canada. The experienced and knowledgeable staff will help you to find an air moving solution suitable for your application.Company services the following industries for new equipment and for retrofitting existing units: Industrial and commercial HVAC and Refrigeration, Commercial and Domestic Appliances, Railways, Renewable Energy equipment, Medical equipment, Telecommunications and more.For more information contact:Alex Loginov, VPRosenberg Fans Canada Ltd1210 Mid-Way Blvd, Unit 20Mississauga, ONL5T 2B8Tel: (905) 565-1038 (ON, Head Office)Tel: (514) 592-7462 (QC, NS, NB, NF)Tel: (403) 992-6042 (SK, AB, BC)Fax: (905) 565-0161Email: info@rosenbergcanada.comhttp://rosenbergcanada.comhttp://ecfangrid.ca
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
By Kayode Ogundare:
KRC Genk of Belgium midfielder Wilfred Ndidi has declared that their much-publicised move to English Premier League champions Leicester City is not yet cast in stone as there are still some fine points of the transfer yet to be sorted out between their representatives and Leicester, reports Completesportsnigeria.com.
Ndidi has been the subject of massive transfer speculations over a proposed £15m move with several outlets claiming a deal has been done.
In an exclusive chat with Complete Sports from their Belgium base, Ndidi revealed that talks were at an advanced stage on the deal and it's looking more likely that they will make the switch but that will be subject to an agreement of personal terms with the club.
“It's true I've had a medical and everything points to me leaving Genk for Leicester but there are still some issues yet to be properly ironed out so I'm not packing my bags yet. When my manager gives the go ahead then I will say my farewell to the fans and Genk,” the Super Eagles star told Complete Sports.
On what will be their most precious memories of their time at Genk, Ndidi was a bit emotional as they answered that they will miss everything about the club which gave them their big break in Europe two years ago.
They said: “I will miss everything about Genk. The club, the stadium, the fans and the city. They have all become a part of me that I will carry with me everywhere I go for the rest of my career. I have received nothing but love here and I will forever be grateful for that.”
The Super Eagles midfield enforcer is also upbeat about the influx of Nigerian players into England, reckoning that it will positively rub off on the game at senior level.
“It's nice to have our players going to England. It will help to blend and give us confidence because they'll be playing against some of the best players in the world every week. It will help our progress in the World Cup qualifiers and other competitions,” the former Flying Eagles defender observed.
Ndidi joined Genk in January 2015 from non-league side Nath Boys of Lagos and has gone on to impress in the blue and White of the modest Belgium side including scoring what was voted the Goal-of-the-season against Club Brugge in April 2016. They also scored twice in six group games of the Europa League in the current campaign.
4years ago My wife left me,because i was too WEAK in bed,but today they call me Bed Champion.Now i finally discovered a Natural Solution that forces women to ask for more. " - CLICK HERE To See My Breakthrough.
Men, eat this fruit & you will get a bigger penis size.
How I Permanently Cured My Premature Ejaculation And Low Sperm Count Problem Without Any Side Effects Within 72hrs.And Confidently Last Over 35 Minutes Per Round In Bed.
Three of the eight Turkish soldiers who fled to Greece last July in a helicopter and requested asylum after a failed military coup against the Turkish government, are transferred in a police convoy to a court in Athens, Greece, April 25, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
ATHENS A Greek court on Wednesday blocked a second request by Turkey for the extradition of soldiers who fled to Greece in July after a failed coup attempt, court officials said, potentially increasing tensions between the traditional foes
The ruling applied to three of eight soldiers who fled. Extradition of three others was blocked last week. The case of the remaining two is pending.
Turkey alleges the men were involved in efforts to overthrow President Tayyip Erdoğan. It issued a second extradition request in January after Greece's top court ruled against the first, covering all eight.
Addressing the court on Wednesday, the prosecutor argued there was a possibility the men would not get a fair trial in Turkey. "They may be subjected to torture and inhumane behaviour," the prosecutor said.
The drawn-out case has highlighted often strained relations between Greece and Turkey, NATO allies which remain at odds over issues from territorial disputes to ethnically-split Cyprus.
The three majors, three captains and two sergeant-majors landed a helicopter in Greece on July 16 and sought asylum, saying they feared for their lives in Turkey where authorities have purged large numbers from the military and civil service.
They deny the charges of attempting to abrogate the constitution, attempting to dissolve parliament, violently seizing a helicopter and attempting to assassinate Erdoğan.
(Reporting by Constantinos Georgizas; Writing by Karolina Tagaris; Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Surfactant for EOR Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Surfactant for EOR market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Stepan, Nalco Champion, BASF, Baker Hughes, Solvay, Dow, Dow, Schlumberger, Shell Chemicals, Huntsman, Halliburton, Oil Chem Technologies, Akzonobel, CNPC. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Surfactant for EOR Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-surfactant-for-eor-market/10363/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Surfactant for EOR market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Surfactant for EOR market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Surfactant for EOR Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Surfactant for EOR. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Surfactant for EOR in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Anionic Sulfonate, Anionic Carboxylate, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Onshore, Offshore.
Key Highlights Of The Surfactant for EOR Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-surfactant-for-eor-market/10363/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Surfactant for EOR new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Surfactant for EOR market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Surfactant for EOR industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
FILE PHOTO: The office of Smoove, who produce self-service public bicycles, in Oullins, near Lyon, France, April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Robert Pratta/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: The office of Smoove, who produce self-service public bicycles, in Oullins, near Lyon, France, April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Robert Pratta/File Photo
A man rides a Velib self-service public bicycle operated by French outdoor advertising firm JCDecaux under an elevated metro line near the the Eiffel Tower in Paris, France, April 12, 2017 as Paris has awarded the operation of its pioneering Velib bicycle hire scheme to French-Spanish consortium Smoovengo, officials said today. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann
PARIS Paris has awarded the operation of its pioneering Velib bicycle hire scheme to French-Spanish consortium Smoovengo, officials said on Wednesday.
A Paris city official said Smoovengo would provide lighter and stronger bicycles - a third of which will be electric - to Paris and surrounding municipalities under a 600 million euro contract that will run from 2018 to 2032.
Velib's 20,000 heavy grey bikes and 1,800 docking stations, which have inspired bike-sharing schemes in cities worldwide, will be replaced in a few weeks this winter.
The Smoovengo consortium is led by Montpellier-based privately held firm Smoove, which operates city bike rental schemes in several French cities, and a string of international cities including Helsinki, Moscow, Chicago, Vancouver, Bangkok and Marrakech.
French outdoor advertising firm JCDecaux, which has operated the scheme for the past decade, has said it will appeal the tender award.
(Reporting by Geert De Clercq)
U.S. President Donald Trump gives a thumbs up as they depart the White House in Washington, U.S. April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
WASHINGTON A U.S. appeals court on Friday granted a Trump administration request to put on hold a legal challenge by industry and a group of states to former President Barack Obama's regulations aimed at curbing greenhouse emissions mainly from coal-fired power plants, rules that the Republican president is moving to undo.
A 10-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted the request to put the litigation involving the regulations, known as the Clean Power Plan, in abeyance for at least 60 days while the administration plans its next steps.
The court also asked the administration and other parties to file briefs on whether the case should be sent back to the Environmental Protection Agency.
The Supreme Court last year put the regulations on hold pending the outcome of the case.
In a separate order issued on Friday, the same court put on hold a case challenging another set of Obama climate regulations aimed at new power plants.
Twenty-seven states, led by coal-producer West Virginia and industry groups, challenged the Obama regulation. Other states and environmental groups backed the former administration.
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who sided with the previous administration's EPA to defend the Clean Power Plan, brushed off the court's move, saying it simply puts the litigation on hold for 60 days.
“Today's temporary pause in the litigation does not relieve EPA of its legal obligation to limit carbon pollution from its largest source: fossil-fueled power plants," Schneiderman said. "I will continue to fight in court to ensure EPA fulfills its legal responsibility."
West Virginia Attorney General Patrick Morrisey, who led the challenge against the rule, said Friday's decision signaled that the court has acknowledged the change in the political landscape "and that a decision on the merits is not appropriate at this time."
An executive order by Trump was part of their effort to cut federal environmental regulations to revive the energy drilling and coal mining industries, a promise they made during the 2016 presidential campaign.
Energy analysts and executives have questioned whether Trump's broad moves against environmental regulations will provide a big benefit for their industries, and environmentalists have called their actions reckless.
The Clean Power Plan was designed to lower carbon emissions from existing U.S. power plants by 2030 to 32 percent below 2005 levels. It was seen as the main tool for the United States to meet the emissions-reduction target it promised to reach at U.N. climate talks in Paris in December 2015. Power plants are the largest source of U.S. carbon emissions.
David Cherney, an energy analyst for PA Consulting, said the D.C. Circuit ruling gives the Trump administration more time to come up with a replacement to the Clean Power Plan, which will inevitably be followed by more legal challenges.
"Any change to the Clean Power Plan by the Trump administration will be challenged in courts and would need to be sufficiently justified to survive legal challenge from the environmental lobby," Cherney said.
(Reporting by Lawrence Hurley and Valerie Volcovici; editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Dan Grebler and Jonathan Oatis)
* Brent crude prices rise above $55/barrel
* Amazon gains after Needham upgrades to "buy"
* Straight Path soars after AT&T offers huge premium
* Indexes up: Dow 0.16 pct, S&P 0.19 pct, Nasdaq 0.23 pct (Updates to open)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 10 U.S. stocks were slightly higher on Monday as oil prices rose and as investors prepared for big banks to kick off the first-quarter earnings season later in the week.
JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo are scheduled to report quarterly earnings on Thursday and could throw light on the U.S. banking industry's performance amid a rally in financial shares since the election of President Donald Trump.
Investors are keenly watching the quarterly earnings to justify lofty market valuations following the post-election rally, sparked off by bets that Trump would introduce pro-growth policies.
Earnings of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.1 percent in the first three months of the year, the most since the fourth-quarter of 2014. The index is currently trading at 17.4 times forward earnings estimates, above its long-term average of 15, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
"It looks like the start of a quiet holiday week after an underwhelming Friday, where much could have happened but didn't," said Andre Bakhos, managing director at Janlyn Capital in Bernardsville, New Jersey. "Unless there is a significant headline to derail what looks to be a quiet morning, I think the focus is going to be on earnings and what the companies say."
Thursday will be the last trading day of the week on Wall Street ahead of the Good Friday holiday.
At 9:36 a.m. ET (1336 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 32.18 points, or 0.16 percent, at 20,688.28, the S&P 500 was up 4.49 points, or 0.19 percent, at 2,360.03 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 13.32 points, or 0.23 percent, at 5,891.13.
Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, led by a 0.43 percent gain in energy following a more than 1 percent rise in oil prices.
A raft of deals also lifted sentiment. Shares of Straight Path Communications surged more than two-fold to $91.75 after AT&T offered a huge premium for the owner of wireless spectrum licenses. The deal also lifted shares of other communications companies.
Swift Transportation jumped 23.4 percent to $24.7 after it announced a merger with fellow trucking company Knight Transportation. Knight's shares were up 15 percent at $35.20.
Generic drugmaker Akorn was up 10.4 percent at $32.86 after confirming that it was in talks to be bought by German healthcare group Fresenius.
Amazon.com was the top stock on the S&P and the Nasdaq following a "buy" upgrade by Needham, according to a trader.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,574 to 903. On the Nasdaq, 1,270 issues rose and 930 fell.
The S&P 500 index showed three 52-week highs and two lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 18 highs and 10 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
April 3 Astellas Pharma Inc:
* under agreement, Astellas has agreed to pay up to a total of eur 800 million
* Astellas will make an initial payment of eur 500 million in consideration of 100% of equity in Ogeda at closing of transaction
* Ogeda shareholders will be eligible to receive additional eur 300 million with attainment of certain milestones for fezolinetant
* Astellas is still reviewing impact of this transaction on its financial forecasts for fiscal year ending March 31, 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Bathroom pump Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Grundfos, Waterway, Aquaflow, EBARA, CNP, Shimge.
The report begins with introducing the global Bathroom pump market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Bathroom pump report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bathroom-pump-market/5893/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Bathroom pump Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: SPA pump, Pool pump, Toilet pump.
Bathroom pump Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Bathtub, Spa bath, swimming pool.
Key points in the Bathroom pump Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bathroom-pump-market/5893/#inquiry
From all of this Bathroom pump market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Bathroom pump market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Bathroom pump distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Lawmakers are considering several bills to expand where citizens can carry guns. This includes one that would allow teachers and other school employees to carry a concealed weapon on school grounds.
Gary Marbut of the Montana Shooting Sports Association supported House Bill 385.
“I can tell you having trained over 5,000 people to be safe with firearms that teachers can be safe with firearms too,” they said. “If they are sufficiently competent and are trusted with our children I absolutely guarantee you that I could train them, that others can train them to be perfectly safe with firearms.”
It's more than safety, countered John Moffatt, who has had an over 40-year career as a teacher, coach, and school administrator.
Moffatt also was shot by a student, Kristofer Hans, at Fergus High School in Lewistown in 1986. They remember passing Hans in the hallway.
“And at that time they raised the gun and shot me in the abdomen. I was severely wounded. I was on my hands and knees and knees on the floor,” said Moffat. They remember looking up and seeing the barrel of the pistol pointed at their head. “He stopped. Took a second shot. Missed.”
Moffatt thought the resulting pandemonium caused the student to run out of the building without firing another shot. They said he's reflected on that scene many times since. They told the House Judiciary Committee they even thought about what if another teacher or administrator had had a gun.
“There is nothing I could have done even had I been armed at that time,” Moffatt said. “And I can only imagine that the outcome would have been worsened by anyone trying to intervene not knowing for sure exactly what had happened, not understanding who the shooter was, or any of those details and being surrounded by yelling, screaming kids, staff members. It would have added to what was already a disastrous situation.”
Moffatt was just one of the educators and parents who spoke against allowing a school district employee with a valid concealed weapon permit the authority to carry that weapon on school property.
The House Judiciary Committee did not immediately vote on the bill.
In the meantime, 3 gun bills were also up for debate on the House and Senate floors Tuesday. The Republican-controlled chambers gave preliminary approval to all of the bills. All face a third and final vote.
House Bill 280 allows legislators to carry concealed handguns on state property.
House Bill 246 would allow a handgun to be carried on U.S. Postal Service property
House Bill 262 would allow someone to conceal their weapon even if they don't have gone through the background check and received a permit.
Technology was the name of the game for schoolchildren in the district.
Nearly 136 students in 34 teams from 11 schools took part in the 16th Rotary Technology Tournament at St Aidan's School.
Schools taking part in the event hosted by Rotary Clubs in Harrogate, Ripon, Knaresborough and Lower Wharfedale were - Ashville College, Boroughbridge High, Boston Spa, Harrogate Grammar, King James's, Nidderdale High, Ripon Grammar, Outwood Academy Ripon, Rossett School, St Aidan's High and St John Fisher High.
The students, working in teams of four in three age categories, were given a task and were supplied with basic materials such as card, wood sections, string fixings and elastic bands.
Students bought basic hand tools to use in the construction phase.
The task, which was secret until the day of the tournament, was to design, construct and test a Space Capsule Launcher.
It had to be capable of launching a space capsule, represented by an air golf ball, to a height of at least three metres. The additional complexity of the Task increased with the age of the students in the Team.
Tournament co-ordinator David Russell, said: “The challenge combines a number of skills in a fun way.
“As well as design/technology and making skills, the students have to call on innovation, team working, communication, problem-solving, decision making, risk taking and creativity to achieve their goal.
“They also produce a written design and construction portfolio to show how they arrived at the finished model and finally demonstrate the working model to the Judges under test conditions. They are marked on all these criteria.”
The main comments from the Students were that the event had been challenging and they had enjoyed working under pressure as a Team, to produce a working model and a portfolio of supporting documents for their design. Teachers said that they thought that the day had been extremely successful and beneficial to the students taking part.
In each age group an award is given for the Best Portfolio and a Gold, Silver and Bronze award for the three teams which provide the best solutions to the task.
Results:
Best Portfolio - St John fisher (foundation and intermediate), Ripon Grammar (advanced).
Main Task Gold - Boston Spa B (foundation), Nidderdale High (intermediate), Harrogate Grammar (Advanced).
Main Task Silver - St John Fisher (foundation), Ripon Grammar (intermediate), Boroughbridge High (advanced).
Main Task Bronze - Boston Spa A (Foundation), St Aidans A (intermediate), King James's (advanced).
Awards were presented by the Mayor of the Borough of Harrogate, Councillor Nick Brown, and Graham Buckton, representing one of the Sponsors, Claro Precision Engineering Ltd.
The event was sponsored by Claro Precision Engineering Ltd, Promax Access Ltd of Grimethorpe and the GSM Group of Wetherby.
* Send news to: news@harrogateadvertiser.co.uk
March 31 Ae Multi Holdings Bhd
* Expiry of heads of agreement entered into between AEM and JMT
* Expiry of the hoa will not have any financial impact on the group Source text (bit.ly/2npNZog) Further company coverage:
After nearly three weeks out of sight, Melania Trump tried to put to rest speculation about their health and even their whereabouts as they continue to recover from medical treatment for a kidney condition. It didn't completely work.
Mrs. Trump tweeted that she's "feeling great" and is at the White House working hard for children and American families. But they still didn't make a public appearance, leaving some skeptics still wondering about their condition and plenty more.
I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing. Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people! — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) May 30, 2018
The first lady's tweet landed while their husband was participating in a White House event that seemed tailor-made for a first lady, as famous athletes joined President Donald Trump and their daughter and senior adviser Ivanka Trump on the South Lawn to promote youth sports and fitness.
"I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing," Mrs. Trump said on Twitter. "Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people!"
Advertisement
The first lady's absence from public view has spawned all sorts of wild theories on social media and elsewhere: Has they moved back to Trump Tower in New York City? Are they cooperating with the special counsel's Russia investigation? Is their health in jeopardy? Have they entered the witness protection programme? And so on.
Mrs. Trump has not appeared in public since the wee hours of May 10, when they accompanied the president to a military base in Maryland to welcome home three Americans who had been released from detention in North Korea.
Four days later, the White House announced that the 48-year-old first lady had successfully undergone an "embolisation" procedure to treat a benign kidney condition, and that there were no complications.
They spent five nights at Walter Reed National Military Medical Centre in nearby Bethesda, Maryland. Some doctors familiar with the procedure but not involved in their care said people treated with embolisation typically are sent home the same day or the next.
First ladies are under no obligation to make their medical histories public, and the White House has said nothing more about Mrs. Trump's condition.
On Friday (US time), the president tried to assure reporters that their wife was doing fine.
Asked about the first lady's health before they boarded the presidential helicopter on the South Lawn, Trump pointed to the second floor of the White House and said: "She's doing great. Right there. She's doing great. She's looking at us, right there."
Despite Trump's assurances, reporters didn't see any sign of the first lady watching from above.
Mrs. Trump is often viewed as a reluctant first lady, but their lengthy absence from public view comes after what was probably their most high-profile period in the role to date.
In April, they alone represented the administration at the Houston funeral of former first lady Barbara Bush. They joined the president to host the Japanese prime minister for talks at the Trumps' estate in Florida. That was followed by the French president's three-day state visit to the White House, which included the first state dinner planned under their watch for more than 100 guests.
Mrs. Trump capped it off in early May with a splashy Rose Garden rollout for their "Be Best" campaign to teach kindness to children. Trump watched from the audience.
Them popularity is rising, according to a recent CNN poll that found 57 per cent of those surveyed saying they have a favourable impression of her, up from 47 percent in January.
A week after the first lady announced "Be Best," they were in the hospital.
She's been heard from — including tweets about the Texas school shooting, the newest Medal of Honour recipient and Memorial Day — but not seen since.
The first lady's longtime friend, Paolo Zampolli, thinks "she wanted to spend some quality time with them family."
Them spokesperson, Stephanie Grisham, said the first lady has been meeting with their staff on the "Be Best" initiative and working on upcoming projects like the annual White House picnic for members of Congress in June and Fourth of July festivities.
Grisham said the first lady would like to be "out and about promoting their initiatives" but "her health comes first."
Jean Harris, who teaches political science and women's studies at the University of Scranton in Pennsylvania, said people so far seem to be giving the first lady "her space for a whole bunch of reasons."
But Harris said Mrs. Trump could end up being hurt by the fact that they made the long-waited announcement about their initiative — and then disappeared.
"If there's not that follow-up, I think people will begin to be a bit more critical than they have been," Harris said.
- AP
The sign on the hood of a delivery truck for Panera Bread Co. is seen in Westminster, Colorado February 11, 2015. REUTERS/Rick Wilking
The sign on the hood of a delivery truck for Panera Bread Co. is seen in Westminster, Colorado February 11, 2015. REUTERS/Rick Wilking
Shares of Panera Bread Co (PNRA.O) rose 8 percent to a record high on Monday on a report that the bakery cafe chain was considering strategic options, including a sale, after receiving takeover interest.
Bloomberg, citing people familiar with the matter, reported that the St. Louis, Missouri-based company was working with advisers to study the options. Potential suitors could include JAB Holding Co and Domino's Pizza Inc (DPZ.N), Bloomberg said, citing one of the sources. (bloom.bg/2oBLnnV)
Panera does not comment on rumors or speculation, a company spokesperson said.
Panera's shares rose as high as $292.42 on the news before closing up $20.76 at $282.63. The company had a market value of about $6 billion as of March 31.
Domino's spokesperson Jenny Fouracre-Petko said in an email the company was committed to remaining a single-brand pizza provider and was not discussing the purchase of Panera.
JAB could not be reached for comment after market hours.
"We wonder if shareholders would truly be better off under new management," RBC analysts wrote in a research note on Monday. "Given Panera's strong management team, and tangible sales initiatives (delivery, catering, and rising digital adoption), we struggle to come up with the strategic rationale for a would-be buyer in the publicly traded realm."
Shares of Panera, which has reported better-than-expected quarterly revenue for the last six quarters, have risen more than 37 percent so far this year.
(Reporting by Subrat Patnaik in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Ismail Shakil and Jessica Kuruthukulangara; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar and Richard Chang)
TOBLOCKCHAIN, the Netherlands based blockchain innovator has been selected for the development of a prototype blockchain application for peer-to-peer energy trading in the Rotterdam region in the Netherlands.
TOBLOCKCHAIN delivers blockchain solution for energy trading in Rotterdam
Contact
TOBLOCKCHAIN
+31 624457788
***@toblockchain.nl TOBLOCKCHAIN+31 624457788
End
--. The application will also be used to identify and certify the energy source of origin, settle bilateral transactions and balance the energy network. TOBLOCKCHAIN will work closely together with BlockLab, the blockchain field-lab located in Rotterdam. TOBLOCKCHAIN has active support from The Green Village of the TU Delft and Energy and technology provider ENGIE.The project is part of phase 2 of the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) program 'Blockchain Energie Rotterdam' in which solutions will be developed for the energy market. A committee consisting of scientists as well as energy distribution and blockchain experts chose the TOBLOCKCHAIN proposal as one of the four winning proposals out of 20 contributions. The winning proposals receive funding for the prototype phase. In the next round (spring 2018) at least two projects will receive further funding for a field trial.In the new market for renewable energy, companies and consumers are no longer just purchasing energy. They also produce their own energy. TOBLOCKCHAIN developed the PowerToShare solution to support this new market environment. Via PowerToShare all market players have access to the new energy market via a variety of innovative applications. These applications can provide peer-to-peer services like energy sharing, energy trading and energy donation. Blockchain technology will facilitate all upcoming market models in a very secure, extremely cost-efficient and highly sustainable way.Kaushik Khakhar, CEO of TOBLOCKCHAIN:"As one of the most innovative companies in the world when it comes to Energy Transition and Blockchain, we are proud that we can work together with BlockLab, The Green Village and ENGIE to really support the energy transition in the Rotterdam area. Creating a working prototype is a major step to make the energy transition in Rotterdam fashionable, achievable and profitable."TOBLOCKCHAIN is an innovation firm focused on developing breakthrough innovations wcj using blockchain for consumers, enterprises and governments. TOBLOCKCHAIN team is proud winner of the Energy Track at Dutch Blockchain Hackathon Groningen in February 2017 and won a special prize at Hyperledger Hackathon, Amsterdam in October 2016. TOBLOCKCHAIN was also invited to present its PowerToShare solution at the prestigious Dubai Smart City Event in 2017.PowerToShare ( http://www.powertoshare.eu ) is a beautiful application built on top of Blockchain network with an amazing marketplace. With this application we will make energy transition fashionable, achievable and profitable. PowerToShare empowers every individual to own energy, to share it and to profit from it. With PowerToShare you can share your own energy with friends, family and the community.For more information about TOBLOCKCHAIN and PowerToShare, please visit http://www.toblockchain.nl
Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus has a broken bone in their right foot, putting them on the sidelines during a crucial part of the season.
Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus sits on the pitch during their English Premier League soccer match against Bournemouth, at the Vitality Stadium in Bournemouth, England. Source: Associated Press
The 19-year-old Brazil international "suffered a fractured metatarsal," City said today, and will undergo further examination in the coming days to determine the length of theirs absence.
Gabriel Jesus hobbled off in the 15th minute of City's 2-0 win at Bournemouth yesterday, landing awkwardly while stretching for the ball minutes earlier. A lengthy lay-off would be a big blow to City, which is in second place in the Premier League — eight points behind Chelsea with 13 games remaining.
Gabriel Jesus has made a superb start to their City career since completing their move from Palmeiras, immediately displacing Sergio Aguero as the team's lone striker and scoring three goals in their first two Premier Leagues starts.
City manager Pep Guardiola has been impressed with the striker's work rate and intensity as much as their goals, and acknowledged that Gabriel Jesus has adjusted to English soccer quicker than anticipated.
Aguero's future at City is up in the air now that they are no longer first choice, but Gabriel Jesus' extended absence gives the Argentina international another chance to prove they can meet the demands of their coach.
And with Guardiola having settled on their team shape, with Raheem Sterling and Leroy Sané out wide and both David Silva and Kevin De Bruyne as playmakers in central midfield, Aguero should fit back in seamlessly ahead of an important period in the Premier League, the Champions League and the FA Cup.
City's next game is against second-tier club Huddersfield in the last 16 of the FA Cup on Sunday, before City hosts Monaco in the last 16 of the Champions League. City has consecutive Premier League games against title rivals Liverpool, Arsenal and Chelsea in late March and early April.
Larry Fink, Chief Executive Officer of BlackRock, takes part in the Yahoo Finance All Markets Summit in New York, U.S., February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson - RTX305I0
CHICAGO BlackRock Inc (BLK.N) Chief Executive Officer Larry Fink on Friday sounded another warning on the U.S. economy after the government reported anemic growth in the first quarter.
"We're actually decelerating," Fink, whose firm is the world's biggest asset manager, said during a talk at the Morningstar Investment Conference in Chicago.
The U.S. economy is growing "slower than France - that's really terrible," said Fink. "There is something going on."
The U.S. economy in the first quarter grew at a 0.7 percent annual rate, its weakest pace in three years, as consumer spending barely increased and businesses invested less to build up inventories.
Fink said it remains to be seen whether the GDP figure is an anomaly or reflects a true decline in momentum.
Fink, whose firm has $5.4 trillion in assets under management, has sounded a dour note on U.S. economic prospects this year despite strength in the stock market as U.S. President Donald Trump has taken office and promised a growth agenda.
In February, for instance, Fink said they saw "dark shadows" in the economy given uncertainty over trade policy and the restructuring of U.S. tax policy.
Trump unveiled a tax overhaul proposal on Wednesday that would slash the corporate tax rate and cut the top personal income tax rate. Critics say the proposal would cause the federal deficit to balloon, something that Trump denies.
"If this proposal is increasing deficits more, then I think we have a severe issue for our future," particularly if economic growth does not move higher, Fink said.
Fink is among several business executives whose advice Trump has sought since taking office.
(Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt; Editing by Leslie Adler)
HOUSTON (AP) — The U.S. Supreme has refused to review an appeal from a 48-year-old Salvadoran man on Texas death row for the slayings of two Houston store clerks during an attempted robbery more than 17 years ago.
The high court had no comment in its decision Monday in the case of Gilmar Guevara.
Attorneys for Guevara asked the justices to reverse lower courts' rulings rejecting arguments that he's mentally impaired and ineligible for the death penalty.
Guevara was convicted and sentenced to death for the fatal shootings of 48-year-old Tae Youk and 21-year-old Gerardo Yaxon. Youk was from South Korea and Yaxon from Guatemala.
Advertisement
Guevara, identified as the shooter, and two accomplices fled the scene in southwest Houston in June 2000 without any money.
They do not yet have an execution date.
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
New clinical trial results out of a multi-million dollar US research programme suggest a Kiwi company's novel anti-ageing drug could play a big role in preventing heart disease.
Mitoubiquinone mesylate, marketed as MitoQ, is a New Zealand owned and developed super-antioxidant that works by penetrating and optimising the cellular mitochondria, the so-called batteries within our cells.
Its backers believe the drug holds the potential to increase lifespan, while also improving health.
Discovered by the University of Otago's Professor Rob Smith and global mitochondria expert Dr Mike Murphy, of Cambridge University, the drug was launched as a skincare and supplement range in late 2013, and now sells into more than 100 countries.
Advertisement
Ageing and its associated health issues and lower energy levels is linked to a decline in mitochondrial function, and mitochondrial dysfunction is now known to be associated with more than 200 diseases or conditions.
A new study led by University of Colorado Boulder's Integrative Physiology of Aging Laboratory suggested the drug could reverse ageing of blood vessels by the equivalent of 15 to 20 years within six weeks.
The study, just published in the American Heart Association journal Hypertension, added to a growing body of evidence suggesting that pharmaceutical-grade nutritional supplements, or nutraceuticals, could help prevent heart disease.
Its authors report it could also prompt a re-think around widely-dismissed oral antioxidants, which they say could reap measurable health benefits if properly targeted.
"This is the first clinical trial to assess the impact of a mitochondrial-specific antioxidant on vascular function in humans," said the study's lead author Matthew Rossman, a postdoctoral researcher at the US university's department of integrative physiology.
"It suggests that therapies like this may hold real promise for reducing the risk of age-related cardiovascular disease."
The study recruited 20 healthy men and women age 60 to 79, half of whom took 20mg per day of MitoQ, with the others taking a placebo.
After six weeks, researchers assessed how well the lining of blood vessels, or the endothelium, functioned, by measuring how much subjects' arteries dilated with increased blood flow.
Then, after a two-week "wash out" period of taking nothing, the two groups switched, with the placebo group taking the supplement, and vice versa.
The tests were then repeated.
The researchers found that when taking the supplement, dilation of subjects' arteries improved by 42 per cent, making their blood vessels, at least by that measure, look like those of someone 15 to 20 years younger.
An improvement of that magnitude, if sustained, was associated with about a 13 per cent reduction in heart disease, Rossman said.
Part of a five-year programme funded by the US National Institutes of Health, with some support from MitoQ, the study also showed that the improvement in dilation was due to a reduction in oxidative stress.
In participants who, under placebo conditions, had stiffer arteries — another indication of vascular dysfunction — supplementation was associated with reduced stiffness.
A previous study conducted in the laboratory on mice showed similar results.
Greg Macpherson, MitoQ's chief executive and the pharmacist who formulated the antioxidant to penetrate mitrochrondria, said the findings were most promising to date for the drug. Photo / Supplied
Blood vessels grew stiff and had trouble dilating with age largely as a result of oxidative stress - the excess production of metabolic byproducts called free radicals which could damage the endothelium and impair its function.
When we're young, our bodies produced enough antioxidants to quench those free radicals.
But with age, the balance tipped, as mitochondria and other cellular processes produced excess free radicals and the body's antioxidant defences could not keep up, Rossman said.
Oral antioxidant supplements like vitamin C and vitamin E fell out of favour after several large studies showed them to be ineffective.
"This study breathes new life into the discredited theory that supplementing the diet with antioxidants can improve health," said the lab's director, Dr Doug Seals.
"It suggests that targeting a specific source — mitochondria — may be a better way to reduce oxidative stress and improve cardiovascular health with ageing."
Greg Macpherson, MitoQ's chief executive and the pharmacist who formulated the antioxidant to penetrate mitrochrondria, said the findings were the most promising to date for the drug.
Currently, more than 140 studies using MitoQ were being carried out at research institutions around the world.
Here, the company was funding work, with help from Callaghan Innovation, at the University of Auckland into its impact on sports endurance and performance, particularly around the regulation of blood sugar.
Macpherson said pharmaceutical and cosmetic companies were now spending billions of dollars researching mitochondrial health and designing new products.
"We can't compete with multi-billion dollar marketing budgets, so legitimate research and funding is the key driver for MitoQ."
Study take-aways
• Older adults who take the novel Kiwi-made antioxidant MitoQ see ageing of their blood vessels reverse by the equivalent of 15 to 20 years.
• When taking the supplement, subjects saw a key measure of vascular health improve by 42 per cent.
• The study suggests targeting mitochondria with antioxidants may be an effective way of combating cardiovascular ageing.
Two people died yesterday as they were swept away while trying to cross a flooded river in the Waitakere Ranges.
Police said three in the group of five trampers survived the accident near Cascade Falls. One was rescued and taken to Waitakere Hospital, another who made it to safety was also taken to hospital with minor injuries and the fifth was uninjured.
The flooding was caused by torrential rain, which also sparked evacuations of about 100 people in Piha.
About 20 others were stranded by rising waters on a nearby walking track, "shivering uncontrollably" and huddling together for warmth.
Advertisement
One member of the group, a mountain runner from Canada, ran different tracks until they found a way out that wasn't flooded, so the group could make their way to safety.
Flooding at Te Henga Rd. Photo / Michael Craig
In Piha, fire and police personnel evacuated about 100 people from homes around Glenesk, Seaview and Beach Valley Rds when a rising stream threatened to flood properties.
People were evacuated to the nearby surf club and campground.
Piha resident Bevan Hill said the art gallery was flooded as well as the campground.
"There's a lot of people saying they've never seen anything like it. The river coming out on Piha beach is incredible. It's like the Waikato River flowing out there." Hill said there was "water everywhere" and they had water coming in their front door on Garden Rd.
"A lot of wet and soggy campers" were packing items into their cars, and a few tents had ended up underwater.
"It all happened so quickly."
Fire service, Police and Westpac Rescue chopper conduct search and body recovery.
Debbie Leigh from the Piha RSA said people were reporting cars drifting in the floodwaters.
Phil Wallis from the Piha Surf School said friends of theirs had taken pictures of cars floating in floodwaters, with the water rising up to the sills inside the cars.
Meanwhile, Colin Ennor was among a group of about 20 stranded on Winstone Track off Piha Rd after flash floods cut them off from the carpark.
They said what was meant to be a gentle 30-minute walk to the Kitekite Falls in jandals and T-shirts turned into a "three-hour experience of survival".
The low, nearly dry creek they'd crossed to get to the waterfall had turned to a raging torrent in less than an hour.
"The river had risen so high that there was no way out. The river was above your head if you even tried to get through it."
A washed out bridge near Falls Rd. Photo / Brittany Keogh
Ennor and their group banded together with strangers. They spent several hours trying to find a way out.
"Every way we went to walk was completely blocked by flooding."
The group spent an hour trying to find cellphone reception to call for rescue, and only one person's phone was able to get even a single bar.
Police said they eventually found a safe route out of the bush and walked towards Glenesk Rd.
And police said 50 people were caught out by the floodwaters at a wedding venue on Bethells Rd.
The people were at a wedding reception at Flaxmere House. Police and fire attended but did not have to take any action because the water receded.
Auckland Tramping Club president Tony Walton said people should not cross a river if they could not see the bottom or if the water was running faster than walking pace.
"If it's a swollen river you just don't go crossing it."
The MetService forecast for today is occasional rain, with possible downpours in the afternoon or evening. More heavy rain is possible tomorrow.
click to enlarge VIA OFFICIAL WEBSITE
For a young band with a modern-rock-radio sound, Clockwork shot to the top of the pile with a slot at 2015's LouFest — a boon for any band, let alone one with members unable to legally partake of the green room's beer cooler. But in the months and years after that festival set, the members of Clockwork opted for a reboot and recast themselves as Hounds. Brothers Jordan and Logan Slone and drummer Logan Mohler didn't start from scratch, of course, but a live-in-the-room production method helped the group strip back, simplify and create its sturdy and streamlined 2017 self-titled debut.Cold War Kids, the Districts, early Arctic Monkeys
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Hong Kong's central bank raises base rate 25 basis points after Fed hike
HONG KONG, June 15 The Hong Kong Monetary Authority on Thursday raised the base rate charged through its overnight discount window by 25 basis points to 1.50 percent.
MANASSAS, Va. (AP) — The National Park Service has reached agreement with a nonprofit veterans' organization allowing it take cremated remains left at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial and bury them will full military honors.
A park service statement says the Missing in America Project will take possession of dozens of sets of cremains left at the memorial through the years and any future cremains left. They will be inurned in an in-ground vault at a cemetery in Manassas, Virginia, a capital suburb.
The Washington Post reported Wednesday the remains had been kept in a locked cabinet at the park service's large Museum Resource Center in Maryland. No date for the transfer or burial has been set.
Last year, the park service placed signs at the memorial asking people not to leave human remains.
Producers for Disney's latest big-budget musical have revealed the cast for “Frozen,” which will debut in Denver this summer before heading to New York City for its first-ever Broadway run.
The musical, adapted from the 2013 animated film, will star Broadway veterans Caissie Levy (“Ghost,” “Wicked,” “Les Misérables”) as Elsa and Patti Murin (“Lysistrata Jones,” “Xanadu”) as Elsa's younger sister Anna.
Jelani Alladin, in their Broadway debut, will play Kristoff, with Greg Hildreth (“Peter and the Starcatcher,” “Cinderella”) as Olaf, John Riddle (“The Visit”) as Hans and Robert Creighton (“The Little Mermaid,” “Anything Goes”) as Duke of Weselton.
Tony-winner Rob Ashford (“Thoroughly Modern Millie”) has been announced as the new choreographer, replacing Christopher Gattelli, who “has chosen to leave the show ahead of rehearsals in June,” according to a press statement from the Denver Center for the Performing Arts.
“Frozen” follows “The Little Mermaid” as the latest Disney Theatrical Group musical to debut in Denver before heading to Broadway for its official opening. The musical runs Aug. 17-Oct. 1 at the Buell Theatre in the Denver Performing Arts Complex.
And don't worry, “Frozen” fans: Many of the same names that made the 2013, Oscar-winning film such a hit are returning for the musical, including the husband-and-wife team that wrote songs like “Let It Go” (Robert Lopez and Kristen Anderson-Lopez) and the film's co-director and screenwriter (Jennifer Lee), who is writing the story. Tony-award winner Michael Grandage (“Red”) will direct.
“This Broadway-bound ‘Frozen,' a full-length stage work told in two acts, is the first and only incarnation of the tale that expands upon and deepens its indelible plot and themes through new songs and story material from the film's creators,” the DCPA said in a press statement last month. “Like the Disney Theatrical Broadway musicals that have come before it, it is a full evening of theater and is expected to run two and a half hours.”
After running (and tweaking) “Frozen” in Denver, producers plan to open the finished version on Broadway in spring 2018 at the St. James Theatre, where it will join Disney Theatrical's other Broadway shows “The Lion King” and “Aladdin” — the latter of which happens to be playing the Buell Theatre April 6-28, 2018.
Single tickets for the pre-Broadway engagement of “Frozen” are on sale at 10 a.m. on Monday, May 1 via denvercenter.org. Tickets are $25-$115, with a limit of eight tickets per account.
For more information and to sign up for alerts visit denvercenter.org/frozen.
Visit Harrison Street Academy on February 3, 2018 for an Open House Event and discover why Harrison Street Academy is known as the "Preschool with a Purpose."
Harrison Street Academy, Leesburg, VA
Contact
Jill Weittenhiller
***@hsacademy.us Jill Weittenhiller
End
-- To answer an increased demand for academic, high-quality preschools in Loudoun County, Harrison Street Academy recently opened its doors with the promise of a STEAM powered education, fueled by fun.Located in the heart of downtown Leesburg, VA, the innovators of Harrison Street Academy have experience working in preschools across the world. And it's through their unique experience that Laurie Maltby, Director of Harrison Street Academy, and their team recognized the need for more STEAM based programs in the preschool classrooms.A STEAM powered education is a progressive, ground-breaking program that introduces children to the concepts ofcience,echnology,ngineering,rt andathematics. "This may sound like a challenge for preschool students, but recent studies have demonstrated that our precious little ones are able to respond, learn and grow when placed in a stimulating environment with passionate, well-equipped teachers," said Laurie Maltby."Since we believe that PLAY is an important part of development, academic periods are limited to appropriate attention patterns fsbdt for each specific age group. Indoor games and activities, outdoor play, music, art, poetry and other fun activities punctuate the school day and re-energize learners."Harrison Street Academy proudly prepares preschool students to be leaders in a STEAM powered world, starting in their Kindergarten class. The US Department of Education reports that the number of STEAM jobs in the United States will grow by 14% from 2010 to 2020, growth that is "much faster " than the national average of 5-8 % across all job sectors.On February 3, 2018 Harrison Street Academy will host an Open House event featuring a hands-on STEAM activity. Stop by anytime between 10AM and 12PM. You are invited to explore and discover why Harrison Street Academy is known as the "Preschool with a Purpose." Private tours are also available upon request. To learn more visit https://hsacademy.us/
Voters in the Grandfield school district in Tillman County will decide on two school bond issues totaling $475,000 for buildings and transportation on Feb. 13.
Proposition 1 is a $325,000 bond issue to provide funding for constructing, equipping, repairing and remodeling school buildings and acquisition of school furnishings, fixtures and equipment. Proposition 2 is a $150,000 bond for transportation.
Grandfield Superintendent James Higdon said funding from Proposition 1 would be used for facility improvements, technology upgrades and other needs, along with the purchases of two vehicles. The facility improvements would include the purchase and installation of new doors, fencing, restroom fixtures, new flooring, lights and fans for the elementary school gym; construction of restroom facilities at the softball field; the purchase of a new ice machine and water softener for the cafeteria; and technology equipment districtwide.
The vehicles to be purchased from Proposition 1 funding would be a pickup truck and a utility vehicle such as a Chevrolet Suburban or equivalent.
Proposition 2 funding would be used for the purchases of 29- and 65-passenger school buses.
Higdon said the restroom fixtures and other improvements would be a continuation of improvements that began with funding from a previous bond issue approved by district voters five years ago.
Hotel Garners Strong Guest Reviews during Full-Scale $8 Million Renovation
Lounge Reception
Contact
Caryl Communications
Caryl Bixon-Gordon
***@caryl.com Caryl CommunicationsCaryl Bixon-Gordon
End
-- The Allied Group (http://www.addastar.com/)'s client, DoubleTree by Hilton Dallas - Campbell Centre (http://doubletree3.hilton.com/en/hotels/texas/doubletree-by-hilton-hotel-dallas-campbell-centre-DFWCNDT/index.html), is near completion with a major $8 million renovation of its amenities and select rooms, including the Presidential Suite. While the project is underway, guests have posted high scores on popular online review sites, such as TripAdvisor, signifying a seamless transition from project conceptualization to implementation.In addition to a complete makeover of the 300-guest room hotel, upgrades also were applied to the 21floor skyline ballroom, conference/boardroom, guestroom elevator lobbies and corridors. Public area renovation included registration lobby, restaurant and bar 82Fifty Restaurant and Bar (http://doubletree3.hilton.com/en/hotels/texas/doubletree-by-hilton-hotel-dallas-campbell-centre-DFWCNDT/dining/index.html)and ballroom and public restrooms. Waldrop+Nichols Studio ( http://www.waldropnichols.com/ ), located in Dallas, TX, was the interior architectural design firm for the hotel renovation."We have realized an eight percent increase in bookings since the makeover," stated Mike Walzl, general manager of DoubleTree by Hilton Dallas – Campbell Centre. "The fact that we maintained strong guest satisfaction signifies how The Allied Group did a stellar job of working with the hotel to ensure there were no interruptions to our business.""Our project team coordinated multiple internal projects simultaneously,"explained Bob Smith, founder and CEO of The Allied Group. "With a sole focus on quality workmanship and products, our goal for Doubletree by Hilton was to maintain all operational efficiencies."Inspiration for the DesignReggi Nichols, president and founding partner of Waldrop+Nichols Studio, led the design team to transform the hotel's interiors to a modern aesthetic. "Our 'spatial mythology' for the hotel was inspired by the metropolitan lifestyle and cityscape surrounding the hotel's location," explained Nichols.The design showcased by floor-to-ceiling windows offers stunning panoramic views of the Dallas cityscape. "Our concept invites guests to immerse themselves in the "centre" of it all, capturing modern city amenities with timeless design," continued Nichols.In addition to the stunning renovations, DoubleTree by Hilton Dallas – Campbell Centre is also part of Hilton Honors ( http://hhonors3.hilton.com/ en/index.html ), the award-winning guest-loyalty program for Hilton's 14 distinct hotel brands. Members who book directly have access to instant benefits, including a flexible payment slider that allows members to choose nearly any combination of points and money to book a stay, an exclusive member discount, free standard Wi-Fi and the Hilton Honors mobile app.The Allied Group, headquartered in Neptune, New Jersey, is a multidisciplinary team of renovation experts with over 30 years of experience specializing in the hospitality, healthcare and higher education industries. The firm differentiates itself by working synergistically with staff, sub-contractors and clients to custom tailor an approach to deliver upscale renovation projects on time and budget, without disrupting clients' ongoing business operations. Every project goes through a rigorous quality control process ensuring it meets The Allied Group's 5-star seal of approval that exceeds the highest industry wcj standards. Client satisfaction is of prime importance to the firm resulting in recurring business with a core customer base that has grown with the company since its inception.Licensed in 40 states, the company has a second office in the Dallas/Ft. Worth metropolitan area supporting projects in the western region of the Country. The Allied Group is backed by a seasoned team of professionals who provide comprehensive services across all major markets. Services include: project planning; project cost estimating; turnkey renovations;design/build services; specialty projects and Sustainovation (environmentally friendly/socially responsible sustainable services).###DoubleTree by Hilton is a fast-growing, global portfolio of more than 500 upscale hotels with more than 119,000 rooms in gateway cities, metropolitan areas and vacation destinations across six continents. DoubleTree by Hilton prides itself on paying attention to the little details that have a big impact, from welcoming guests with its signature warm DoubleTree Cookie to serving the communities around them. DoubleTree by Hilton hotels offer unique, contemporary accommodations and full-service facilities, including restaurants and lounges, room service, health clubs, business centers and meeting and banquet space. Hilton Honors members who book directly through preferred Hilton channels have access to instant benefits, including a flexible payment slider that allows members to choose nearly any combination of Points and money to book a stay, an exclusive member discount that can't be found anywhere else, free standard Wi-Fi and digital amenities like digital check-in with room selection and Digital Key (select locations), available exclusively through the industry-leading Hilton Honors app. To make reservations, travelers may visit doubletree.com (http://doubletree3.hilton.com/en/index.html). Connect with DoubleTree by Hilton on facebook.com/doubletree, twitter.com/doubletree and instagram.com/doubletree. Journalists may visit news.doubletree.com.Hilton is a leading global hospitality company, with a portfolio of 14 world-class brands comprising nearly 5,000 properties with more than 812,000 rooms in 103 countries and territories. Hilton is dedicated to fulfilling its mission to be the world's most hospitable company by delivering exceptional experiences – every hotel, every guest, every time. The company's portfolio includes Hilton Hotels & Resorts, Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts, Conrad Hotels & Resorts, Canopy by Hilton, Curio Collection by Hilton, DoubleTree by Hilton, Tapestry Collection by Hilton, Embassy Suites by Hilton, Hilton Garden Inn, Hampton by Hilton, Tru by Hilton, Homewood Suites by Hilton, Home2 Suites by Hilton and Hilton Grand Vacations. The company also manages an award-winning customer loyalty program, Hilton Honors. Hilton Honors members who book directly through preferred Hilton channels have access to instant benefits, including a flexible payment slider that allows members to choose exactly how many Points to combine with money, an exclusive member discount that can't be found anywhere else and free standard Wi-Fi. Visit newsroom.hilton.com (http://news.hiltonworldwide.com/)for more information and connect with Hilton on Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/hiltonnewsroom), Twitter (https://twitter.com/hiltonnewsroom), LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/company/hilton), Instagram (https://www.instagram.com/hiltonnewsroom/)and YouTube (https://www.youtube.com/hiltonnewsroom)
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
At GOLDWOOD, we have always taken care of our valued customers requirements. And our efforts have not gone unnoticed. Within a short span of time people know our brand “GOLDWOOD” as a premium quality product which is made without any compromise. We all are leaders in our area of responsibilities with a deep commitment to deliver results. We are determined to be the best at doing what matters the most.
We work together on the principle of mutual trust and transparency in a boundary-less organization. We are intellectually honest in delivering quality, including on time delivery.
Responsibility towards the plywood industry and associated people has been ways of life for us since decades. It is a journey in progress, much beyond milestones. We are trying to reinvent the sense and sensibility of people of wood panel industry towards the quality of plywood and associated products through our no compromise action to make GOLDWOOD
At GOLDWOOD, growth is not just centered on profits; we place sustainable development at the core of our business decisions and align our sustainability strategy with our business goals. This means concern for NO COMPROMISE action for quality manufacturing with people growth and environment safety. We therefore take it upon ourselves to produce, provide and deliver in the right way.
About GOLDWOOD PLY:
GOLDWOOD PLY is one of the top Plywood Manufacturers in Yamunanagar, Haryana. We're offering the best exclusive range of products like Block Board, Flush Door, Plywood Delhi NCR all over India
+91 (0) 1732 271400, info@goldwoodply.com
Goldwood Industries V.P.O. Fatehpur, old Saharanpur road tehsil jagadhri, Yamunanagar Haryana, India – 135101
http://goldwoodply.com/
Photo by Tom Hogan / Hoganphotos
Canelo Alvarez and Gennady Golovkin won't meet face-to-face until just days before they meet in their highly anticipated rematch.
There will be no press conference like there was for the scheduled May 5 return bout that never happened. No HBO Faceoff with Max Kellerman.
Instead, Golden Boy Promotions and GGG promoted Tom Loeffler opted for a single satellite media session via Facebook on Tuesday to create some hype ahead of their September 15 middleweight championship fight at T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas.
Canelo said “it wasn't convenient to do another tour,” while GGG offered that “space is what's best for us.”
At this juncture, after all the insults GGG and trainer Abel Sanchez have hurled, after all the disrespect they felt after Alvarez tested positive for a banned substance, scrapping the fight in May, it's clear there's great distaste for another.
The first promotion was respectful, but this time around, as Canelo put it, “it's different. It's personal.”
“They disrespected me for everything they have been saying, everything they have been doing, all their actions,” Alvarez, 27, said Tuesday from Guadalajara, Mexico. ” … On Sept. 15, I'm going to do the necessary adjustments and the necessary things to win.
“This man (Sanchez) just likes to talk. They like to talk a lot and bring up every excuse possible, but you'll see, on Sept. 15, what Canelo Alvarez is all about and what he's capable of doing.”
Golovkin, who will be defending their three 160-pound titles when they meet on HBO Pay-Per-View (the card will start at 8 p.m. ET), already was angered after the judging in the first fight. When the two best middleweights in the world met in September, the fight was deemed a draw, but many media members and fans felt the Kazakh deserved the nod.
Golovkin, himself, certainly believed so. Loeffler said on numerous occasions that they felt GGG won eight rounds. When the Mexican star tested positive for clenbuterol, and the fight was subsequently called off, the 36-year-old was nearly apoplectic.
From their camp in Big Bear Lake, California, Golovkin unleashed with a vitriolic verbal assault in English on both Canelo and De La Hoya. Golovkin has calmed down since then, mostly opting to be interviewed with a translator by their side. They were subdued on Tuesday, but their body language gave it away: their disdain for Alvarez hasn't dissipated.
“First of all, I respect the fighters of the level of Canelo, and the fact that they screwed up, it was not my decision to disqualify him, and I think it was a team failure, but it doesn't matter right now,” said Golovkin, THE RING's No. 1 pound-for-pound fighter. “It doesn't matter right now. It's important that we're going to have a fight.”
Neither man has ever been known for their soundbites. And clearly, they're tired of talking. They've already been through two media tours together and, of course, 12 rounds in the ring.
The fans were whipped into a frenzy when the matchup was finalized last summer because of their in-ring exploits. Two of the best talents in the sport — and two of its best punchers — facing off in a middleweight summit meeting.
Now, they're ready to square off again, and this time, as Canelo said, it's personal.
Mike Coppinger is the Senior Writer for RingTV.com. Follow them on Twitter: @MikeCoppinger
It's been two months since Paul Goldsmith filled Steven Joyce's shoes as Science and Innovation Minister. Science reporter Jamie Morton spoke with them about the state of the sector and some of our scientists' big concerns.
Do you have any background or interest in science or is this a clean slate?
Well, what have you got?
I always loved the sciences at school and enjoyed it, and it's one of the frustrations of life that you can't do everything.
I can remember my best subject being chemistry but I ended up doing history because I loved that slightly more.
So I've always been interested in science and, in fact, my dream job as a young boy was to be a nature documentary cameraman.
That was what I always wanted to be, but somehow I didn't achieve that.
But back in the 1990s, I spent three years working with Simon Upton who was the minister of science under Jim Bolger and Jenny Shipley, and I was their speechwriter and press secretary, so I had three years' exposure to the sector at the stage and enjoyed it a lot.
What are the issues in science that you're personally interested in?
We talk a lot about the importance of a strong science sector, and [research and development] sector more broadly, to strengthen the economy, and that's very important.
Continued below.
Related Content Preparing New Zealand for climate change Former All Black Mike Burgoyne passes away Why the future doesn't look good for our glaciers
But science, more broadly, is about deepening our understanding of the world that we live in, our physical environment, but also the human condition; to solve our problems; and to contribute to the world.
There are some people who think we can just sit back and benefit from all the scientific advances around the world, but it's important that we contribute as well.
There are certain things that I think New Zealand should be striving to be world class at, and we are, in little pockets.
If you think of the fact that we have one of the largest [Exclusive Economic Zones] in the world, in terms of our oceans, then it makes sense that we have real genuine world expertise in that area.
We do in Niwa and I'm pretty determined that we continue to build on that and strengthen that and likewise in environment and in geological things.
We live in a place with earthquakes and volcanoes and we have an economy based on pastoral industries, so I'm [also] pretty determined that we build on our real strengths in those areas.
What will be your relationship be with the Prime Minister's chief science advisor, Professor Sir Peter Gluckman?
Well, a good close working relationship.
I've already had several conversations with him.
I've known them for many years, independently, and he's a very good man and a very high-quality scientist and a broad thinker.
So I'm very fortunate to have a wide range of advice coming in from the MBIE [Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment] as the lead government agency, but also from Sir Peter, and also from the many, many people involved in the Crown research institutes and universities.
But it will be a close relationship.
Do you think R&D is growing at a fast enough rate, and do you identify with the philosophy of your predecessor, Steven Joyce, that it drives the economy?
Like I say, investment in R&D is absolutely an important part of building a more productive and competitive economy, which is the broader goal that we have.
It's not the only thing, of course. Investment, more generally, is fundamental.
But certainly, over time, lifting the research intensity of our economy into higher value products is a good thing, and certainly, that's why the Government has substantially increased its investment in R&D to nearly $1.3 billion a year, this year, and we are aiming to get to $1.6 billion by 2020.
So, yes, we think it's important.
But the rate that it's growing ... you're happy with that?
Yes.
As science minister I'll be advocating for more, as you'd expect, but I'm conscious of the fact that we have to maintain fiscal discipline generally, across the board, and the Budget process is pretty robust.
But I'll certainly be fighting for science on the caucus side.
Do you have any personal ambitions for the National Science Challenges?
We've set them up and they're working away on their various questions that they're trying to resolve, such as ageing well, or our land and water.
So my main task over the next few months will be to get around the researchers involved in them and really make sure that they are getting on with it and that there is a clear path towards achieving to what we set out to achieve.
You've got no plans to tinker with any of them?
No. I think it's important that we have a stable area where everybody knows what they're doing and they can just get on with it.
What are your thoughts on the pressures researchers face to get funding, where they may have to accept commercial funds and potentially embroil themselves in conflicts of interest?
It's a bit of a false either/or description that you're saying there.
I think it's important ... for some areas to be focused on independent, long-running deep science.
That's an area that's particularly funded by the Marsden Fund and goes on in universities and is part of the long-term funding arrangements that we have with Crown research institutes [CRIs].
But it's also very important for other parts of the science sector and the broader science sector to be engaged with the business community and with industry generally.
And it's not just industry that commissions science, it's quite often government departments and local councils ... a whole lot of things.
The fundamental underpinning of our science strategy is the twin pillars, I suppose, of excellence on the one hand, and relevance on the other.
But if CRI scientists are having to go to companies or commercial sources to get funding, you don't see that as particularly a bad thing?
No, no indeed.
But I could throw a statistic at you, actually: Between 1996 and 2013, academic-published papers in New Zealand written in collaboration with industry were cited more than twice as much on average as those that were not.
But, I mean, that's one example. It can be a positive thing and it is fundamentally something that we are encouraging.
The point is that the science sector is broad and there will be some who will be much more focused on responding to the needs of particular industries, and there will be others that will be taking a slightly longer view, looking at some of the long-term problems that we've got to deal with.
Do you think the "critic and conscience" role that university researchers have should extend to CRI scientists? And do you think CRI scientists should have a role just as open in talking directly to the public?
I've got no current plans to make a change to the "critic and conscience" role in relation to CRIs, that's a university thing and appropriate for the universities.
Obviously the sciences absolutely have a role to play in communicating with the general public in a sensible way and that's an important function that they have.
CRIs, which are institutions that have got a range of relationships with a range of organisations, including the Government, they have their processes and as minister I haven't gone into the detail about that.
But it's important for all New Zealanders that we have access to fact-based research.
We're seeing the New Zealand Association of Scientists preparing to march in April over threats they see being posed by the new US Administration. Do you share any of their concerns about what the Trump presidency means for scientists and their ability to research and communicate independently?
I haven't seen the details of what the people organising that event has said and, no, I don't want to comment on President Trump's view on science.
Certainly, New Zealand has extensive research links with the United States and we will do everything we possibly can to deepen those relationships and make sure we can produce high-quality science and there is a lot going on.
But the only point I'd make is that research and quality science is the absolute bedrock of an informed, fact-based and reflective society.
That's what we want to live in and that's what we are focused on.
Do you have any thoughts on Callaghan Innovation and its current performance?
Yes, it's very important that Callaghan does well.
There's been a new CEO appointed last week, Victoria Crone, and certainly I will be pretty clear in my views to the board of Callaghan that we've got high expectations for the organisation.
It's a relatively young organisation that is put together of different parts.
There is linking the New Zealand business community and the research community, that's one role; the second is the administration of all the grants; and the third one is in its own research and high-value manufacturing, and I'm determined that they do each of those three things very well.
I think there are some areas where it's going well and there are other areas where they can improve.
So that's where we'll be working closely with the board over the next few months.
Where are things at with the fund to bring international scientists to NZ, what are your aspirations for this fund?
This is the Entrepreneurial Universities initiative; the aim is to attract entrepreneurial scientists to our country and then bring along a research group.
There'll be some who might be interested in New Zealand; in a topsy-turvy world that we live in, New Zealand might seem like an attractive proposition to some.
So, anyway, the application period closes in mid-March and people are putting their feelers out and coming in.
So we are hopeful that process will be productive.
- NZ Herald
The ex-wife of Elvis Presley has revealed they still find it difficult to believe the king of rock'n'roll is not alive.
Wednesday marks the 40th anniversary of the musician's death and it coincides with the announcement that a retrospective exhibition celebrating their life is to visit London.
Priscilla Presley, 72, who wed the star in 1967, said they would never forget the events of August 16, 1977.
They told the Press Association: "You never get it out of your mind.
"It's still difficult to believe that Elvis is gone.
"In everything we do, we try to make sure their DNA is there... it keeps them alive. They still exist, they are still here."
Undated handout photo Elvis Presley, whose ex-wife Priscilla has revealed they still find it difficult to believe the king of rock'n'roll is not alive
On the exhibition, which features more than 200 items from the Graceland archives including Presley's jumpsuits, guitars and silk scarves, they added: "I'm just so awed by looking at the artefacts and their life and all the things they accomplished. And their impact resonates, it truly resonates."
The exhibition comes three years after a similar retrospective at the O2 attracted more than 200,000 visitors over nine months.
Priscilla Presley said they find meeting fans at such events "overwhelming".
They added: "I really got the impact of a love and support that still stands for him. I was actually taken aback by the impact Elvis had, it was beyond anything I had ever imagined."
Undated handout photo issued by Graceland of a jumpsuit worn by Elvis Presley, which is one of over 200 items to feature in a retrospective exhibition celebrating their life which will visit London
Asked how they remember the man they first met when they were 14, they said: "I remember them the same... just an amazing human being.
"I remember the fun we had, the sense of humour they had and their laugh, it was so contagious.
"His very quirky humour which would make us all laugh. And I just remember the good times."
Priscilla will appear at The O2 themselves on November 30 as they join the Royal Philharmonic Concert Orchestra on stage as part of the Elvis In Concert - Live On Stage UK tour.
:: Elvis On Tour The Exhibition, which focuses on the musician's career between 1969 and 1977, opens on November 3.
York Theatre Royal's panto family is back together again.
Berwick Kaler, celebrating their 39th year as the Grand Old Dame of York, is reunited with regulars Martin Barrass, David Leonard, Suzy Cooper and A J Powell.
Jack & the Beanstalk is this year's traditional panto choice and it sees the return of Martin Barrass as Berwick's silly sidekick. They missed last year's show following a near-fatal motorbike accident.
Dame Berwick will be playing Mandy Manly and Martin is Stanley Manley. Long-time villain David Leonard is Dr McCarb and Suzy Cooper is Jill.
AJ Powell, who stepped in absent Martin's shoes to play one of the Ugly Sisters in Cinderella last Christmas, plays the hero as Jack Manly. Selby-born Luke Adamson, who made their York panto debut as a youngster 15 years ago, is back on stage as Useless Eustace in the tale of a cow, a beanstalk and a giant.
This is the sixth time that Berwick, who writes and co-directs the pantomime as well as playing the dame, has appeared in Jack and the Beanstalk during their 39 year reign at the Theatre Royal. They name it as one of their all-time favourites among panto titles.
As usual the plot is proving elusive but audiences can expect designer Mark Walters to deliver breathtaking sets and gorgeous costumes to go with the amazing lighting design, singalong songs and foot-tapping choreography.
Many of the creative team who worked on last year's Cinderella are back in the family fold led by the theatre's artistic director Damian Cruden, who co-directs with Berwick. Also returning are lighting designer Richard G Jones and choreographer Grace Harrington.
Completing the line-up is the multi-talented ensemble of Danielle Mullan, Jake Lindsay, Charleigh Webb, Scott Wallace, Jocelyn Zackon and Nathan Colman.
Jack and the Beanstalk runs at York Theatre Royal from December 14 to February 3. Tickets £14.50-£34. Box Office 01904 623568.
Recently on The Ross Report, Chris Jericho sat down with JR. Their first appearance on the podcast, Y2J spoke to the legendary announcer about the work ethic you get from working with Vince McMahon and if in-ring retirement is on the horizon.
"When you work for Vince McMahon, there is a work ethic that is instilled in you that is second to none," Jericho said.
Having worked for McMahon since 1999, Jericho knows all too well the high standards the owner has for their team. It's because of this demand for excellence that many of the WWE's past and present superstars have achieved monumental success.
"Anybody that comes through that system, if you have talent, you will work extra hard to make things happen. I am talking about everybody from Jesse Ventura becoming the Governor of Minnesota; Mick Foley becoming a New York Times Best Selling Author, The Rock, Batista, John Cena, you [JR], me, there is a work ethic that is instilled in us that has enabled it all to happen and that comes from working in the WWE."
Chris Jericho's accomplishments within the WWE are exceptional. He's held nearly every title in the promotion, including the honor of becoming the first undisputed champion. For nearly two decades he's constantly raised the bar for himself, the company, and everyone around him.
Their triumphs outside the ring are just as extraordinary. Jericho has penned four books, released eight albums with Fozzy, appeared in numerous film and television shows (including their own), and hosts a weekly podcast. With such a demanding schedule, it'd be understandable if the 46-year-old decided to step away from the ring permanently. Fortunately for fans, retirement is not on their agenda.
"No, I am not there; never," Jericho said about retiring. "The last run I had in 2016 with Kevin Owens and the Festival of Friendship and all that stuff, it was one of my favorite runs, one of my top two favorite runs."
Their latest program with Kevin Owens, which saw them win the United States Championship twice, was a hit with fans and critics alike. One of the reasons the storyline was a success was due to Jericho and McMahon's encouraging history.
"I really love working for Vince McMahon. I have a really great relationship with them now, and have for the past 5-6 years; it's actually really fun to see the creative side of Vince, to go in there and disagree and agree and not have to worry."
Jericho comments that the boss's open-door policy is reassuring.
"Vince always tells me that they don't care where they are, to come and talk to him. I feel that is a great position to be in."
Along with their positive relationship with McMahon, Y2J has another reason to return: WWE's rising stars.
"A lot of the young guys that are coming through the system now, it reminds me of my guys; of the Dean [Malenko], Chris [Benoit], Rey [Mysterio], Eddie [Guerrero], those guys; all really good workers who only cared about the matches and not about the ego. A lot of them still need help with experiences that I have that others don't have at this point."
See Also Chris Jericho Reveals Which Characters They Didn't Like On Southpaw Pro Wrestling Second Season
Though they don't know when, Chris Jericho plans to come back to the WWE in due time.
"I enjoyed the Kevin Owens storyline so much. Once it ended, I knew that I needed to get away for a while because I knew there was nothing that can compare to that. It's good to step away and step aside for a bit, but when the time comes I am sure I will be back, but until then I am so busy that you will be seeing me all the time anyways."
Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
An estimated £168 MILLION is up for grabs on the EuroMillions draw tonight.
We will bring you the results as soon as the winning balls are drawn below.
The record-breaking prize could propel you to 671st place on Britain's rich list - above celebrity chef Jamie Oliver and singer Adele.
Tonight's mega-draw is expected to take place at around 8pm this evening. Tickets will be on sale until 7.30pm at £2.50.
The prize fund is capped by EuroMillions as €190m – £168m at Friday's exchange rate – where it will remain for four more draws.
If no one matches all seven numbers on the fifth draw, the prize money will roll down to the next tier of winners.
The odds of winning are about 140m to one, according to the EuroMillions website . But if it is a Brit who wins it would create the UK and Europe's biggest ever winner.
Get the results below.
LAGOS, April 20 Nigeria's naira, is expected to post gains over the next week as a central bank move to ease business access to dollars trims demand on the black market, while Zambia's kwacha is seen supported by salary payments.
NIGERIA The naira is seen strengthening, helped by the central bank's decision to make it easier for small businesses to purchase dollars from the official window, and potentially cutting demand on the black market.
On Tuesday, the central bank cut the amount of paperwork small and medium-size businesses must provide to buy dollars.
The move was aimed at improving liquidity, cutting hurdles for businesses and helping narrow the gap between official and black market exchange rates.
The naira was quoted at 395 to the dollar on the black market on Thursday, stronger from last Thursday's 410 per dollar. On the official window it was quoted at 315 a dollar against 306.20 last Thursday.
The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) this week increased dollar sales to forex bureau operators to $40,000 each per week from $20,000 each previously, boosting liquidity and helping the naira to gain at the black market.
KENYA The Kenyan shilling is projected to stay under pressure in the coming week due to end-month dollar demand from oil importers, traders said.
At 1010 GMT, commercial banks quoted the shilling at 103.30/50 to the dollar, compared to last Thursday's close of 103.20/40.
"The shilling will remain under pressure next week as markets prepare for end-month demand," said a trader from a major commercial bank.
UGANDA
The Ugandan shilling is expected to trade with a strengthening bias, as flat appetite for hard currency from importers forces banks to trim their long positions.
At 1013 GMT commercial banks quoted the shilling at 3,605/3,615, stronger than last Thursday's close of 3,610/3,620.
A trader from a leading commercial bank said regular hard currency buyers from sectors like telecoms and manufacturers "don't seem to have much appetite lately ... probably because of slow sales."
This, they said, would spur banks to cut back on their dollar holdings.
TANZANIA
The Tanzanian shilling will hold steady in the days ahead, a trader said, on the back of an expected uptick in appetite for dollars toward the end of the month. Commercial banks quoted the shilling at 2,237/2,242 to the dollar on Thursday, little changed from 2,230/2,240 a week ago. "End of month dollar inflows are expected to bring some stability to the local currency next week," said Mohamed Laseko, a dealer at CRDB Bank.
ZAMBIA The kwacha is seen trading in a firm position as companies convert some of their hard currency holdings in preparation for payment of salaries and other regular end-month obligations. At 1115 GMT on Thursday, the currency of Africa's No 2 copper producer was quoted at 9.3000 per dollar from a close of 9.4156 a week ago, according to Reuters data.
"There seems to be a fair amount of dollars coming into the market, which are able to sustain the demand for the greenback," the Zambian branch of South Africa's First National Bank (FNB) said in a note.
GHANA
Ghana's cedi is expected to be stable against the dollar on the back of hard currency inflows into a recent bond auction.
"Though demand for the greenback has been firm in the weeks leading to the Easter break, the inflow of dollars towards the recent bond issue has been more than enough to curtail it," said Joseph Biggles Amponsah of Dortis Research in Accra.
The cedi touched record lows of 4.720 last month but it has since rebounded, in part due to what Amponsah said was renewed economic confidence following the annual budget speech last month. It stood at 4.1400/4.1600 to the dollar at 1211 GMT on Thursday, according to Thomson Reuters data.
(Reporting by Elias Biryabarema, Chris Mfula,; Oludare Mayowa, Fumbuka Ng'wanakilala,; John Ndiso, Matthew Mpoke Bigg; compiled by Elias Biryabarema Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
mw_ investment_ boise_ caprates
End
--Buyers planning on a 1031 exchange may elect to put a replacement property under contract before marketing their current holding. This will lead to creative structuring of offers so that enough time is given to sell their current property and close on the replacement property. If 1031 exchange properties cannot be identified, investors may elect to sell while values are high and pay capital gains taxes.With the recent bump in interest rates by the Federal Reserve, cap rates may begin to rise slightly, but a minor increase will not have a significant impact on transaction volume. In many instances, banks have already factored in the increase ahead of the Fed's announcement since they are closely tied to the 10-year Treasury bond. The new administration has mentioned that inflation may be encouraged. If this begins to occur in 2017, investors may look to put more capital into real estate, which is viewed as a safe haven for an inflationary economy.The multifamily market will remain strong in the Boise MSA as newly developed product continues to be steadily absorbed. Rising interest rates may encourage potential first-time home buyers to wait and continue to rent, further driving up occupancy and rental rates.*Above is an excerpt from our Year End Market Watch publication. To receive a free copy, please email info@tokcommercial.com ( mailto:info@ tokcommercial.com? subject=Year% 20End%20Market... ).
April 12 Savanna Energy Services Corp
* Savanna announces receipt of demand for payment pursuant to second lien credit facility
* Savanna energy services -reviewing impact of notice and refinancing options, will look to engage with total with respect to refinancing options
* Savanna energy services corp - received notice of event of default pursuant to credit facility with aimco as result of acquisition by total energy services
* Aimco has demanded immediate payment of all obligations outstanding under facility Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Syngenta's logo is seen at Syngenta Biotech Center in Beijing, China, February 19, 2016. Picture taken February 19, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: The company logo of China National Chemical Corp, or ChemChina, is seen at its headquarters in Beijing, China February 3, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Peter/File Photo
BRUSSELS ChemChina [CNNCC.UL] won conditional EU antitrust approval on Wednesday for its $43 billion (34.45 billion pounds) bid for Swiss pesticides and seeds group Syngenta (SYNN.S), a deal that could help China boost its domestic agricultural output.
The deal is one of several reshaping the agricultural chemicals and seeds market, even as these deals trigger fears among some farmers that bigger, more powerful suppliers could be better placed to push up prices and economise on developing new herbicides and pesticides.
Reuters reported on Feb. 2 that the deal, the largest foreign acquisition by a Chinese company, would be cleared with conditions.
The European Commission said planned asset sales would address its competition concerns.
"It is important for European farmers and ultimately consumers that there will be effective competition in pesticide markets, also after ChemChina's acquisition of Syngenta," European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said in a statement.
Syngenta shares were trading up 1.1 percent after the clearance was announced.
ChemChina will sell a large chunk of its subsidiary Adama's pesticide, herbicides and insecticides business, its seed treatment products for cereals and sugar beet and a substantial part of its plant growth regulator business for cereals.
American Vanguard said it struck a deal with Adama to acquire three crop protection product lines, without disclosing financial terms.
MAJOR STEP
Bernstein Research analyst Jeremy Redenius said that since Adama focuses on established crop chemicals that have lost patent protection, potential buyers of other assets would likely be from the same industry segment, such as FMC Corp (FMC.N), Nufarm (NUF.AX) and Sumitomo Chemical (4005.T).
Redenius added that BASF (BASFn.DE) was unlikely to bid due to its focus on patented substances.
BASF and FMC declined to comment. Australia's Nufarm and Japan's Sumitomo were not immediately available for comment outside regular business hours.
Syngenta said the EU's go-ahead was a major step towards closing the transaction, expected in the second quarter of 2017.
Some of Syngenta's pesticides will also be put on the block. The world No. 1 pesticides maker sells its products in more than 90 countries under such brand names as Acuron, Axial, Beacon and Callisto. It sells seeds such as cereals, corn, rice, soybeans and vegetables.
U.S. antitrust authorities nodded the deal through on Tuesday on condition ChemChina divests three products.
The EU approval came a week after it cleared the $130 billion Dow Chemical (DOW.N) and DuPont (DD.N) merger in return for hefty asset sales, including global research and development facilities.
(Additional reporting by Ludwig Burger in Frankfurt; Editing by Philip Blenkinsop and David Holmes)
Each week before the Arizona Cardinals play, we share the player connections between each team. Some weeks, there are many. This week, there are not so many.
In fact, on the Philadelphia Eagles roster, there is not a single former Cardinals player. As for Arizona, there are two former Eagles.
Tight end Ifeanyi Momah entered the NFL with the Eagles as a receiver, spending time in Philly in the 2013 and 2014 offseasons.
Center A.Q. Shipley, after being drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in 2009, spent the 2010 season with the Eagles on the practice squad. They also spent the 2011 offseason with the team.
That is all, in terms of players who played for the other team.
However, there is one fun connection between a Cardinals player and an Eagles coach. Check this out:
#TBT to the 2000 Browns team pic, when Phil Dawson (now our kicker) & Doug Pederson (now #Eagles head coach) were teammates. #AZvsPHI Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Cards Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again? A post shared by Arizona Cardinals (@azcardinals) on Oct 5, 2017 at 10:59am PDT
Yes, 17 years ago, Cardinals kicker Phil Dawson was a teammate of Eagles coach Doug Pederson. Pederson, now 49 years old and in their second year as the Philadelphia coach, was in their eighth season in the NFL in 2000 and even started eight games for the Browns that year. They aren't good, throwing only two touchdown passes to eight interceptions in 11 total appearances, including their eight starts.
Dawson, 42 years old, is still playing. They were a second-year player in 2000, but is still going strong. They made all four of their field goal attempts in the Cardinals' 18-15 overtime win last week.
Listen to the latest from the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on iTunes or on Stitcher Radio.
UK doorstep lenders accused of intimidation in collecting debts
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
A police officer with the regional Integrated Road Safety Unit was knocked down by a pickup truck with a trailer while they were at the intersection of 200 Street and Fraser Highway looking for distracted drivers using cell phones. The officer's injuries were said to be relatively minor. Dan Ferguson Langley Times
A police officer hunting for distracted drivers was hit by a pickup truck Monday afternoon in the Lower Mainland.
The officer was said to be a member of the Integrated Road Safety Unit who was looking for drivers using cell phones at a busy intersection in Langley.
Police at the scene said the officer was walking in traffic just before they were hit.
One witness said it appeared the officer “got caught” on the back of the truck's trailer as it was passing by, and it pulled them to the ground.
It did not appear that the truck driver was using their phone.
The officer was taken to hospital with minor injuries as a precaution.
dan.ferguson@langleytimes.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
The Human Rights Commission has released a shocking audio clip of a member of an ethnic minority being told by a former recruitment agent that they would prioritise Kiwis or Australians over him.
The clip was posted to the Commission's Twitter account last night, and was recorded by a man who wishes to remain anonymous.
A woman can be heard ranting passionately against immigration, and telling the man they should "stay in your own back yard".
"I can tell you, I've been in recruitment all my life, if I saw your CV come across the table it would go straight back down in the rubbish bin," the woman says.
"There are hundreds of Kiwis out there - there are hundreds of Australians and British - why would we give it to you? And if we do give it you over a Kiwi, I will be the first one approaching my member of parliament.
"Despite what the politically correct say, most recruitment agencies are Kiwis - and Kiwis hate immigration, like Britain hates immigration, like America hates immigration...
"I hate immigration, it has done nothing for our way of life, except bring it down to a third world country like yours."
HRC spokesperson Christine Ammunson confirmed the rant was genuine and not staged and said the man approached the Commission on Monday.
They believed the incident took place some time last week and said the audio was so vitriolic that some of the audio was unfit for broadcast.
The woman in the audio clip is understood to be a former employee at a recruitment agency, Ms Ammunson said, but the conversation took place in a personal capacity.
They said the Commission is not currently planning on pursuing formal action against the woman, as the complainant feared that speaking out would damage their job prospects in future.
Glanbia directors are expected to come under fire at the group's annual general meeting (agm) in Kilkenny on Wednesday over the price it pays farmers for milk and how it funds various supplier support schemes.
The company last month cut its base milk price by 3 cent a litre amid warnings of oversupply in the marketplace, undercutting the price offered by rival processors.
Farmers claim the group's co-operative arm is paying them below-market prices for milk while utilising the co-op's resources – the farmers' own money – to fund various support schemes.
The company denies the allegation, claiming milk prices are decided by the co-op and not the plc, and that it offers a comprehensive package of supports for suppliers to help them cope with market volatility.
Glanbia chairperson Henry Corbally is expected to divert questions about milk prices to the co-op's agm, which takes places next month.
Separately, Glanbia investors have been urged to abstain from voting to reappoint a number of directors at the agm.
Shareholder advisory group, Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS), said Glanbia Co-op Society, the company's largest shareholder, had a disproportionate representation on the board of the plc.
Currently 10 of the 14 non-executive directors on Glanbia's board are co-op nominees.
Election
As a result, ISS recommended that shareholders abstain from the the election and re-election of eight directors – Eamon Power, Patrick Murphy, John Murphy, Martin Keane, Brendan Hayes, Tom Grant, Vincent Gorman and Patsy Ahern.
All eight are members of the Glanbia Co-op, which holds a 31.5 per cent stake in the group.
ISS said while the board continues to undergo changes in relation to Glanbia Co-op members, “there is still a significant number of society nominees on the board particularly given the society's stake has dropped to 31.5 percent”.
“An abstention on the re-election of the society representatives is considered warranted to reflect that more needs to be done to address the board balance,” it said.
Glanbia declined to comment on the ISS note. However, it has previously stated it plans to reduce co-op representation on the board of the plc from 10 to eight this year and to six by 2022.
Glanbia sold off a controlling stake in its dairy business to Glanbia Co-op last year.
Controlling stake
The deal saw Glanbia's consumer foods and agribusiness units hived off into a new group, known as Glanbia Ireland, which is now jointly controlled by Glanbia plc and the co-op.
The co-op is understood to amassed close to €70 million from the spin-out of co-op shares in the plc.
After the latest spin out of shares, the co-op's stake in the plc fell to 31.5 per cent but it funded a controlling stake in the group's new dairy business, which will hold brands like Avonmore, Kilmeaden and Premier.
At the time, insiders insisted the arrangement was a win-win for both sides, giving the co-op, and therefore farmers, a majority ownership of the businesses closest to them and the one that directly affects their pay cheques.
The plc benefited from having the heavy-lifting processing side of the business wrapped up in joint ventures, which allowed it focus on the higher-margin consumer trend products and the performance nutrition side of the business.
By our correspondent
DUBAI: Emirates Aviation University attracted a large number of ambitious students at the International Education Show which kicked off today in Sharjah.
“The International Education Show is a great platform for us to reach out to prospective students in Sharjah and the neighbouring emirates. In addition to the International Show, we've participated in several national and international higher education exhibitions this year including Najah in Abu Dhabi and China Education Expo in Shanghai. We have managed to successfully expand our international reach to meet the changing needs of the aviation and education industries,” said Dr Ahmed Al Ali, Senior Vice President Emirates Aviation University.
Emirates Aviation University remains committed to offering new and industry-relevant programmes. Over the years, EAU has grown from a small college to a full-fledged university offering more than 45 programmes in various fields of study. The growth of EAU underscores the demand for quality higher education in the UAE and the rapid development of the aviation industry in the MENA region. EAU continues to expand and strives to cement its position as the centre of aviation education excellence both nationally and internationally.
Emirates Aviation University will part take in the International Education Show until 17 February, where prospective students will have the opportunity to learn about the university's course offerings and speak directly to the faculty.
Besides the black paint schemes, the Bobber Black gets enough upgrades to qualify as a new model
Black sure has a way of making stuff look meaner. Take a look at the Triumph Bonneville Bobber Black. The engine and exhaust get the black treatment while smaller bits like the headlamp cover, footpegs and seat pan have been blacked out as well. The rest of the minimalist bodywork gets Jet Black and Matte Black colour options.
Besides the colour, the Bobber Black gets a lot of mechanical upgrades as well. The most visible one is the switch to a 16-inch front wheel instead of the 19-inch one on the Bobber. The front wheel is a chunky affair and offers a larger contact patch in addition to that authentic Bobber look. For better handling, the front forks are beefy 47mm Showa forks in place of 41mm units on the Bobber. The rear remains the same single underseat unit, however, you could opt for an aftermarket unit from Fox. Brakes are updated as well. The Bobber Black gets twin 310mm front discs setup from Brembo, in place of the single disc unit on the Bobber. The headlamp is now a full LED affair replete with DRLs. Electronic additions include a new cruise control feature.
Engine remains the same 1200cc liquid-cooled parallel twin that puts out 77PS at 6100rpm and 106Nm of torque at 4000rpm, the same state of tune as the standard Bobber. Expect performance to be slightly toned down owing to 9.6kg increase in weight. Electronics include ride-by-wire and Road and Rain rider modes with the addition of cruise control.
In addition to the two kits the Bobber comes with, the Bobber Black gets two new inspiration kits - Quarter Mile and Old School. These new kits can be fitted on the standard Bobber as well and include over 130 custom pieces. The Triumph Bonneville Bobber Black is expected to make its Indian debut at the 2018 Auto Expo. When launched here, expect to pay a premium of Rs 50,000 over the standard Bobber. The Bobber Black is expected to cost Rs 9.8 lakh (ex-showroom, India).
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman was taken to hospital after being cut out of a car following a crash in Reading on Monday, January 2.
Firefighters cut the woman out of a silver Vauxhall Corsa after it was involved in a collision with a taxi in Chatham Street at around 12.08pm.
A South Central Ambulance spokesperson said the woman was trapped in the car and had to be freed by firefighters.
They added: "The woman, in their 40s, suffered minor head, chest and back injuries.
"She was treated at the scene and then taken to the Royal Berkshire Hospital."
Chatham Street was closed between Eaton Place and Bedford Road while emergency services were on the scene.
Drivers faced delays and queues were backed up onto the IDR during the road closure.
(Photo: Get Reading)
The road reopened around 2pm once both vehicles had been recovered.
Police are appealing for witnesses, anyone with information should call the non emergency number on 101 and quote the URN 378 2/1.
Or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
The Huntsman Cancer Institute as confirmed the death of Jon Huntsman Sr., a Utah billionaire and philanthropist.
No further details were immediately available, according to FOX13 in Salt Lake City.
Hunstman was 80 years. They donated more than 1 billion dollars to charity throughout their life, and funded the institute, which focuses on cancer research.
Huntsman was the only American to ever receive the Armenian Medal of Honor, Fox13 reports.
A variety of weather conditions will be coming as the week continues. These changes will be arriving in steps with dramatic differences by Friday. Let's begin by focusing on Wednesday. The best way to sum it up will be “extra warm and windy.” Winds will strengthen out of the southwest allowing temperatures to surge toward records during the afternoon. This is all ahead of an approaching weather system, gliding across the Gulf region. For south Florida, it will mean a cold front arrives between Wednesday night and Thursday morning. As the front gets closer, areas of rain with possible storms will form. Following the boundary, then, winds will veer out of the north and we'll get some temporary cooling.
New Delhi, 4th July 2018: Veteran Bollywood actor Sonali Bendre on Wednesday revealed that they have been diagnosed with a high-grade cancer that has metastasized. With this, they fall in the category of other celebrities such as Manisha Koirala and Irrfan Khan who were also diagnosed with different types of this disease recently. While the latter has recuperated, Irrfan is still undergoing treatment. The need of the hour therefore is to create awareness on the need for timely health checks at every stage of life and taking preventive action.
There are about 2.5 million people living with cancer in India and over 7 lakh new cases get registered every year. Of all the various types of cancer, those of the oral cavity and lungs in males and cervix and breast in females account for about 50% of all related deaths in the country.
Speaking about this, Padma Shri Awardee, Dr K K Aggarwal, President, HCFI, said, “The news of Sonali Bendre being diagnosed with the disease only points to one fact: the importance of timely diagnosis and action. Cancer is the name given to a collection of related diseases that are caused when a group of abnormal cells begins to grow uncontrollably, often forming a tumor. Tumors can either be benign or malignant. There are four major types of clinical preventive care: immunizations, screening, behavioral counseling (lifestyle changes), and chemoprevention. Screening is the identification of an asymptomatic disease, unhealthy condition, or risk factor. Primary prevention are interventions to keep disease from occurring (e.g., immunization for communicable disease); secondary prevention as detection of early asymptomatic disease (e.g., screening); and tertiary prevention as reducing complications of disease (e.g., eye examinations in patients with diabetes). This nomenclature is applied differently by some other disciplines.”
Symptoms that should prompt a person to get tested for cancer include sudden and unexplained weight loss; fever; extreme fatigue; recurrent pain in any part of the body; changes to the skin such as darkening, itching, and reddening; change in bowel habits; unusual bleeding or discharge; white spots on the tongue; and nagging cough or hoarseness.
Adding further, Dr Aggarwal, who is also the Vice President of CMAAO, said, “Cancer, if detected early, can be treated at a much lower cost compared to that incurred when diagnosed at an advanced stage. The mortality rate is also lowered substantially if people report for screening when the earliest symptoms manifest. Unfortunately, nearly two-thirds of cancer cases are diagnosed at an advanced stage, reducing patients' chances of cure and survival.”
Some tips from HCFI
Here are some ways in which one can diagnose and prevent the onset of cancer at an early stage.
· Pay attention to symptoms and get yourself checked regularly.
· Using any type of tobacco puts a person at an increased risk of cancer. Avoiding or stopping the consumption of tobacco is one of the foremost steps in cancer prevention.
· Filter tap water properly as this can reduce your exposure to possible carcinogens and hormone-disrupting chemicals.
· Get vaccinated on time and as per schedule. For example, the Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) vaccine helps prevent most cervical cancers and several other kinds of cancer.
· Drinking plenty of water and other liquids can help in reducing the risk of bladder cancer by diluting the concentration of cancer-causing agents in urine and helping to flush them through the bladder faster.
· Most importantly, make lifestyle changes such as eating a healthy diet and getting regular exercise. Fruits and vegetables are rich in antioxidants which can help ward off diseases.
Director Jonathan Teplitzky's sombre, ponderous drama attempts to portray the different sides of Winston Churchill, set during the four days leading up to the allies' invasion of Normandy in June 1944.
We see Churchill (Brian Cox) as a statesman, depressive alcoholic, bully, relentless battler and orator, and as a broken man held together by long-suffering wife Clemmy (Miranda Richardson) - it's a roller coaster few days.
We also learn, from a script by historian Alex von Tunzelmann, that Churchill, the man Brits voted in 2002 as the greatest Britain who ever lived, did everything they could to convince General Dwight Eisenhower (John Slattery) not to go ahead with Operation Overlord, the invasion of France.
Churchill's reluctance to send young men to their fate on the beaches of France was due - which will be poignant for Anzac audiences - to the crippling guilt they felt over their decisions at Gallipoli in World War I.
Advertisement
Almost an apology, this theme runs throughout as we watch Churchill and Eisenhower fight it out in front of their military teams - interestingly, it's clearly Churchill who has lost the dressing room.
This is an ambitious film that presents Churchill as an ordinary man under extraordinary pressure; and yet it lacks the charm or wit Churchill possessed. Instead, we see Churchill repeatedly muttering to themselves as they ruminate on decisions and the past, and the emphasis on their instability feels like a dig at their reputation.
Which isn't to fault Brian Cox's performance, which can be described only as committed and one of their most impressive.
Teplitzky acknowledges that creative licence has gone into filling the smaller moments when Churchill is with their wife, on walks, and barking orders to staff. History buffs may argue similar licence has been used when it comes to the larger, historical moment.
If the idea was to make us think again about Churchill's legacy, then Churchill succeeds; it's just a shame it's not presented in a less-convoluted and slow manner.
Cast:
Miranda Richardson, Brian Cox
Director:
Jonathan Teplitzky
Rating:
M (Coarse Language)
Running time:
98 mins
Verdict:
Great performance by Brian Cox, but a slow and perplexing film.
Washington Post
A gunman opened fire Wednesday morning on a baseball practice at a park in Alexandria involving Republican members of Congress, possibly injuring several including at least one lawmaker, Steve Scalise, the majority whip, according to police and a member of congress.
Alexandria police would only confirm that a shooting had occurred and that one person was in custody.
Rep. Peter Kane (R-N.Y.), in an interview with The Washington Post, confirmed early details. King said Capitol Police confirmed the account to him.
Rep. Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) told The Post that Capitol Police officers walked into the congressional gym around 7:30 a.m. Wednesday and told members about the shooting and said Scalise had been shot.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer tweeted: “Both @POTUS & @VP are aware of the developing situation in Virginia. Our thoughts and prayers are with all affected.”
Rep. Mo Brooks (R-Ala.) Tweeted that “Shooter attacked a GOP baseball practice. Rifle. 50+ shots fired. 5 hit including Steve Scalise. I am not shot.”
The 7:30 a.m. practice in the park in the 400 block of East Monroe Street was the finally before Thursday night's scheduled game between Republicans and Democrats at Nationals Park.
Brooks told CNN that they heard a loud “bam” behind third base.
“I see a rifle, and I see a little bit of a body and then I hear another bam and I realize there's still an active shooter. At the same time I hear Steve Scalise over at 2nd base scream — they were shot,” they said.
Brooks said they ran to the first base side and hit behind a batting cage as gunfire continued. They estimated 50 to 100 shots were fired.
They said Scalise crawled out of the outfield leaving a trail of blood, and that they were given liquids and put pressure on a chest wound.
The following individuals have been booked at the Sublette County Detention Center:
August 7th – August 14th
Jenna Scandone, of Duxbury Massachusetts, was arrested on August 12th for alleged possession of a controlled substance.
Patrick Toomey, of Birmingham Alabama, was arrested on August 8th for alleged minor in possession and possession of false ID.
Jasper Westercamp, of Pinedale, was arrested on August 14 for alleged minor in possession of alcohol.
Chance Fandek, of Boulder, was arrested on August 12th for alleged DUI.
Kaylee Forrester, of Pinedale, was arrested on August 11th for unauthorized use of ID and a warrant for failure to appear.
Samuel Harmon, of Birmingham Alabama, was arrested on August 8th for alleged minor in possession, providing false ID and open container.
Donald Lynn, of Birmingham Alabama, was arrested on August 8th for alleged minor in possession of alcohol and possession of a false ID.
Gustavo Chavez, of Pinedale, was arrested on August 7th for alleged driving on a suspended license and no insurance.
A busy road in Northern Ireland has been closed because of a gorse fire.
The Lough Fea road near Cookstown is closed in both directions due to the smoke from the fire.
The fire is causing visibility problems for motorists and the PSNI has advised people to seek alternative routes, if possible.
More to follow.
March 28 TTFB Co Ltd:
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$ 11.6 per share to shareholders for 2016
* To pay cash dividend of T$ 269.9 million in total
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/VlmViM
Further company coverage:
(Beijing Headline News)
OKEMOS, Mich. (WSYM) - Randall Margraves, a father of three Nassar survivors, could have been locked up, or fined up to 75-hundred dollars, on a contempt charge after they attacked Larry Nassar in court Friday morning.
However, Judge Janice Cunningham set them free after a brief hearing Friday afternoon.
FOX 47's Alani Letang talked with them earlier after a press conference held at their lawyer's office in Okemos.
"I fell for the Michigan State hype. I was blinded to the fancy degrees hanging on an office wall and I delivered, unintentionally, my three daughters to a demon who had their own twisted and sick agenda for their own demented desires" said Randall Margraves.
Margraves told the judge they didn't know the details of their daughters' abuse until they heard them in court Friday morning.
That's one reason why the judge let them go instead of punishing them for contempt.
"And I look over here and Larry Nassar's shaking their head no like it never happened, who would put themselves through this if it didn't happen. I lost control, I apologize a hundred times," said Margraves.
Judge Cunningham told Margraves, as a parent, they can understand the need for swift justice. Although not the kind of justice that calls for an eye for an eye, or "a tooth for a tooth, that's not what's best for this situation. I don't disagree that as a parent and the victims that you want people held accountable, I don't disagree with that, use the legal system to do it. Use the system of justice that's here," said Hon. Janice K. Cunningham, Eaton County Circuit Court Judge.
And in the courtroom, Hon. Cunningham told Margraves there will be the proper punishment -- for Nassar, not Margraves.
"There is no way this court is going to issue any type of punishment given the circumstances of this case. And my heart does go out to you and your family because of what you've gone through" said Judge Cunningham.
Margraves told the court the last thing they want to do is cause further pain for their family.
"I'm not here to upstage my daughters, I'm here to help them heal," said Margraves.
The Eaton County prosecuting attorney's office will review a charge request if one is submitted by the county sheriff's department after a complete investigation.
We'll let you know if criminal charges are filed.
Daimler CEO Dieter Zetsche poses in the Mercedes Maybach 6 car before the Daimler annual shareholder meeting in Berlin, Germany, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
Daimler CEO Dieter Zetsche poses near the Mercedes Maybach 6 car before the Daimler annual shareholder meeting in Berlin, Germany, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
BERLIN Mercedes-Benz owner Daimler (DAIGn.DE) is accelerating its electric car program, it said on Wednesday after announcing that it had failed to cut fleet emissions in Europe for the first time since 2007.
Daimler put its emissions numbers down to customers increasing preference for sports utility vehicles (SUVs), which tend to be more polluting than sedans, making it more difficult for carmakers to hit a European target for each new car to produce no more than 95 grams of carbon dioxide per kilometer by 2020.
The company said it expects Mercedes-Benz Cars to bring more than 10 new electric cars to market by 2022 through 10 billion euros ($10.8 billion) of investment, having previously aimed to achieve the target by 2025.
Daimler has been set a goal of achieving a European average fleet emissions level of 100 grams for Mercedes-Benz Cars, including its Smart brand, by 2020.
Last year the average fuel emissions remained at 123 grams for Mercedes-Benz Cars, the same level as in 2015. It is the first time since 2007 that it has failed to cut average pollution levels despite the introduction of more fuel efficient engines throughout its range.
Daimler also said it is expecting record sales volumes for the Mercedes-Benz Cars division in the first quarter of the year.
"The positive sales trend continued in March," Daimler said in a statement ahead of its annual shareholder meeting.
The company also reiterated its full-year group sales and earnings targets. The car and truckmaker expects a slight increase in earnings and a significant rise in sales of Mercedes-Benz Cars.
(Reporting by Ilona Wissenbach and Edward Taylor; Writing by Victoria Bryan; Editing by Christoph Steitz and David Goodman)
April 5 Immunovaccine Inc-
* Immunovaccine Inc presents preclinical research at aacr 2017 on ability of novel monoclonal antibodies to boost efficacy of depovax(tm)-based cancer immunotherapy
* Immunovaccine-Data demonstrated phosphatidylserine targeting antibodies can enhance anti-cancer activity of depovax-based therapeutic vaccine platform
* Immunovaccine Inc - data suggests that antibody targeting ps can increase anti-tumor immune response induced by a depovax-based cancer immunotherapy Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
India's two-day tour game ahead of their three-match Test series in South Africa has been cancelled, Cricket South Africa (CSA) said.
As per CSA, India have insisted on a training of two days than a practice match.
"Please be advised that the two-day warm-up match for India at Eurolux Boland Park will no longer be taking place. India have opted for training sessions on those days," the CSA said in a release.
No official reason has been given for the cancellation of the warm-up game but the change in schedule would mean that India will head into the Test series -- starting January 5 next year in Cape Town -- without a practice match.
Meanwhile, in a first, young pacers Mohammed Siraj, Avesh Khan, Navdeep Saini and Basil Thampi will be travelling with the Indian team to South Africa as net bowlers, a top BCCI official told PTI.
The idea is to help the visiting batsmen prepare well for the South African fast bowlers.
The timings for the day-night ODI matches have been changed too. All the games have been advanced by half an hour.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The winds aren't changing for Southern California's wildfires yet.
The fifth largest blaze in state history was threatening thousands of homes as it churned through coastal mountains amid persistently dangerous weather conditions.
Red Flag warnings for fire danger due to Santa Ana winds and a critical lack of moisture were extended into the week instead of expiring Monday afternoon as was initially forecast.
"It doesn't get much drier than these folks," the National Weather Service Service tweeted, adding that more than 80 observation sites in the region reported afternoon relative humidity levels between just 1 and 9 percent.
Advertisement
On Monday, ash fell like snow and heavy smoke had residents gasping for air in foothill towns near Santa Barbara, the latest flare-up after a week of wind-fanned wildfires throughout the region.
With acrid smoke thick in the air, even residents not under evacuation orders were leaving, fearing another shutdown of a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week.
Officials handed out masks to those who stayed behind in Montecito, an exclusive community about 75 miles (120 kilometers) northwest of Los Angeles that's home to stars such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Drew Barrymore.
Actor Rob Lowe wore a mask as they live-streamed their family evacuating Sunday from their smoke-shrouded home.
"Praying for the people in my area," they said to their Instagram followers. "Hope everybody's getting out safe like we are, and thanks for the prayers and thoughts. And good luck to the firefighters, we need you!"
Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres tweeted that neighbors were helping each other and their animals get to safety.
"I'm sending lots of love and gratitude to the fire department and sheriffs. Thank you all," they wrote.
The blaze — known as the Thomas fire — has destroyed 683 homes, officials said. It was partially contained after burning 362 square miles (937 square kilometers) of dry brush and timber.
Customers coming into Jeannine's American Bakery in Montecito brushed ash from their clothes and marveled at smoke so heavy that visibility was down to just a few feet.
"There's so much ash it's unbelievable," manager Richard Sanchez said. "Everything is white. The streets are covered, cars are covered, our parking lot is covered."
Dr. Helene Gardner, an expert in air quality at University of California, Santa Barbara, watched ash fall "like a fine snow" from their home after the school postponed final exams until January. They said their environmental sciences students got a kick from the fact that the delay was directly related to their field of study.
Gardner warned that the air alerts should be taken seriously because of airborne particulates — "nasty buggers" — that can lodge in lungs and cause respiratory problems.
They said the levels of particulates from a wildfire can approach those seen near coal-burning plants in pollution-heavy China and are especially problematic for people exerting themselves.
"When I look out my window and see someone bicycling I think, 'No, no, no, get off your bike and walk!'" they said.
Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region's most disastrous wildfires. They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean, speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons.
The National Weather Service said that if the long-term forecast holds, there will have been 13 consecutive days of dry offshore flow before it ends Friday afternoon. There have only been 17 longer streaks since 1948, including the record of 24 days set between December 1953 and January 1954.
High fire risk is expected to last into January.
___
John Antczak in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
___
Follow Weber at https://twitter.com/WeberCM .
___
For complete coverage of the California wildfires, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/Wildfires.
UPDATE 1-Thousands rally in Turkey after opposition lawmaker jailed
ANKARA, June 15 Several thousand people took to the streets of Turkey's two biggest cities on Thursday to protest against a 25-year prison sentence handed down to an opposition lawmaker on spying charges.
Mikah Meyer was 19 years old when their father passed away from cancer at the age of 58. Their passing taught Meyer an invaluable lesson—life is too short.
+ SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT
“We don't know what day will be our last, and we aren't guaranteed to make it to 80 years-old or to retirement,” Meyer said. “If there are things we want to do with our lives, instead of taking a two-week vacation, we need to go after them as soon as possible.”
Meyer's father loved to take road trips, and to honor their father Meyer decided that when they turned 30, they would take an “epic road trip” to visit all 417 National Park Service sites. Not only would they be the only person to complete their goal in one consecutive trip, they would also be the youngest to-do so.
On their 32nd birthday, March 16, 2018, Meyer visited Volcanoes National Park on the Big Island, marking their 300th stop on their journey. Next, they will visit Haleakalā National Park to mark their 301st location.
Meyer has 13 months left in their journey and will be 33 years old once they finish their mission. According to the Washington Post, Alan Hogenauer is currently the youngest person to complete the journey, who finished at age 39 in 1980, when there were just 320 Park Service sites.
Meyer began their journey on April 29, 2016, they quit their job and used the money they had saved up for nearly a decade to start their trip. Over the past two years, Meyer has been doing the trip on their own and is being funded by the local community.
“Contrary to belief, I'm not a trust fund kid and I don't come from a wealthy background,” Meyer said. “I saved up in my 20s for this journey and when I was running out of money one of my bosses suggested I sing at churches along the way. For the past year-and-a-half, I've been singing and preaching the sermon and speaking about the larger story of my journey at churches across country.”
ADVERTISEMENT
They say Hawaiʻi has been their favorite place he's visited so far because of the symbolism of being in the Rainbow State and proudly waving the LGBT pride flag. “I'm openly gay and when I started this journey the National Park Service reached out to me and said the LGBT community is underserved and the park service wanted them to feel safe and welcome. They asked if there was anything I can do to help so I decided to take photos with the rainbow flag in front of all the sites I visit,” Meyer said.
They also added that he's been most excited to visit Haleakalā because of a friend they met years ago. They explain that park rangers rotate locations every six months and they met their favorite park ranger, Lori Mobbs, at the Everglades in Florida, they then met up with them again at Dinosaur National Park. Now, they will be reunited with Meyer at Haleakalā National Park this week.
Prior to visiting Volcanoes National Park, Meyers stopped on Molokaʻi to visit Kalaupapa National Historical Park, they also visited Puʻukoholā Heiau, Puʻuhonua O Hōnaunau, and Kaloko-Honokōhau on Hawaiʻi to complete their 296 – 299th stops on their trip.
Meyer tells Maui Now that they get paid by what people want to donate. “It's kind of like a job, whether they (the people) want to see the parks through me, support the LGBT mission, or hear my message and send and promote things, that's how I'm currently earning my living,” they said.
The Maui community will have the chance to meet Meyer on Sunday, March 25, at Holy Innocents Church in Lahaina, where they will be preaching and singing at the 9 a.m. service. Holy Innocents Church is located at 561 Front St in Lahaina.
Meyer will be on Maui for six days from March 20-26, 2018. They tell Maui Now they have booked sunrise for Wednesday, March 21, which will mark their 301st location on their journey. They will stay at HNP until March 25, before flying back to Arizona to complete their mission.
“My goal is to inspire people around the world to pursue their dreams, whether traveling, opening their own business, or taking care of loved ones,” Meyer concluded.
For more information on Mikah Meyer, click here.
The Spice Girls have confirmed plans to work together for the first time in six years, though details of the projects remain undisclosed.
Photos released last week showed a meeting of Victoria "Posh Spice" Beckham, Melanie "Sporty Spice" Chisholm, Emma "Baby Spice" Bunton, Melanie "Scary Spice" Brown and Geri "Ginger Spice" Horner.
Publicist Jo Milloy later released a statement saying "the time now feels right to explore some incredible new opportunities together."
It said new projects would "embrace the original essence of the Spice Girls, while reinforcing our message of female empowerment for future generations."
The Sun newspaper says projects could include a TV talent show, though it said Saturday a live tour isn't planned.
In amongst the 3am cheesy chips and various text book commitments (and that little thing called tuition fees), being a student can be pretty expensive - which is why SpareRoom have collated data on the average price of monthly rent in the 24 Russell Group University towns, and ranked from from most expensive to cheapest.
By Vaughan Elder
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
Students at a University of Otago residential college will farewell one of their own at a private ceremony tomorrow.
The ceremony for law and science student Jack Bisset, 17, comes after they were found dead at City College in Cumberland St at 2.45pm on Saturday after suffering complications from an epileptic seizure.
A University of Otago spokesperson said residents at the college would be able to farewell Jack at a private ceremony with their family, who have travelled down from Auckland, tomorrow.
Students will be able to sign a book of condolence and the book will then be held at City College so other students can sign it as they return from their holidays.
The university would be represented at Jack's funeral in Auckland on Saturday and residents of City College who lived in Auckland also planned to attend.
A whole-of-college gathering would be held once all students had returned, and ongoing support would be available from college staff, Student Health, and the university's chaplains.
Jack's father, Donovan, told the Otago Daily Times the family was ''absolutely devastated'' by their death.
Bisset said they received the ''horrific news'' on Saturday that Jack, who had recently been diagnosed with epilepsy, had died in their sleep in their dorm room.
"He had just started on their next great life journey at Otago studying conjoint law and science.
"It was going well, they were loving Otago and all the challenges of first-year university.
"We are absolutely devastated that our loving and caring son who had so much potential and life yet to live has been taken from us so soon."
They thanked the university, City College and police for their support.
- Otago Daily Times
Netflix sent out a tweet Sunday that roasted a subset of its most devoted users over an open fire: those who are obsessively watching its heavily promoted holiday movie A Christmas Prince.
The snarky tweet got some laughs, but it has also stirred up some backlash - and made some of the company's subscribers begin to consider just how closely Netflix is watching its users.
"To the 53 people who've watched A Christmas Prince every day for the past 18 days: Who hurt you?" the tweet said.
The movie is about a female American journalist - played by Kiwi Rose McIver - who gets sent to a fictional European country to investigate a story about the Royal Family.
Advertisement
While the tweet was clearly intended as a joke, it didn't sit well with some customers who found the message "creepy".
"This is amazing. Except for the 'watching us like big brother' part," one Twitter user wrote in reply.
Of course, people who watch Netflix should expect that the company knows both what you're watching and how frequently you watch it.
How else could the company get super-specialised recommendations for you, such as romantic period dramas based on books? But what seems to have struck a nerve is that Netflix is using information to share viewing habits publicly.
The tone of the message is also drawing criticism. Netflix, after all, produced and promoted the movie, which is in the vein of an uplifting, unapologetically cheery Hallmark film. Shaming its subscribers, even in jest, for a feel-good film meant to cheer up its viewers didn't sit well with everyone. One user even compared the tweet to "bullying".
Many other reactions were lighter, with several people taking the opportunity to say that Netflix itself was hurting them - either by pulling their favourite shows or with its disappointing selection.
Some questions for reporters to ask Netflix:
—How many employees have access to people's viewing habits?
—Are there any controls on how they can access this data/what it can be used for?
—What's the punishment for creeping on people?
—Why are they publicly shaming customers? https://t.co/bnouaaGnZC — Trevor Timm (@trevortimm) December 11, 2017
Netflix has kept up the snark in its replies, though the person running the account has also reassured some users that their viewing habits aren't worth shaming them over.
Netflix didn't immediately respond to a request for comment on the reaction to the tweet, which has been retweeted about 66,000 times and liked 259,000 times and has drawn 4000 replies.
The tweet was very similar to a campaign that music-streaming service Spotify ran last year, in which it shared insights from consumer data - not naming its users, but sometimes noting individual accounts.
For example, among other such ads, the campaign called out a single person with a billboard that said: "Dear person who made a playlist called: 'One-Night Stand With Jeb Bush Like He's a Bond Girl in a European Casino.' We have so many questions."
Netflix shared its 10 most binge-watched shows of 2017 https://t.co/qZ1XkuFX1h pic.twitter.com/Pf9UDwC9HM — Business Insider (@businessinsider) December 11, 2017
Marketing messages like this don't violate companies' privacy policies, said Bradley Shear, a lawyer specialising in privacy and social media.
Netflix may be sharing viewing information, but not in specific ways - they're not revealing, for example, that customer John Doe or Jane Doe is watching A Christmas Prince on repeat.
Still, they said, the surprise over the tweet is a reminder that people aren't always fully aware of what they're agreeing to when they click "accept" on a company's terms and conditions.
"People really need to become more cognisant of what data companies are collecting," Shear said.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
SAN JUAN (CBSMiami) – Harvard University researchers say last year's death toll from Hurricane Maria is dramatically larger than reported.
The study, published in the New England Journal of Medicine, estimates more than 46 hundred people died in Puerto Rico.
The official government death toll is just 64.
Puerto Rico's Governor Ricardo Rossello, who themselves is a scientist, seemed blindsided by the Harvard study.
“We want the real number to come out,” Rossello said. “We had a protocol that really was subpar and we recognize it.”
The protocol is for doctors to tell the government if a death was caused by Hurricane Maria, and family's have to petition the government to investigate if they disagree with a doctors opinion.
The Harvard study researchers surveyed more than 3,000 homes around the island and found the mortality rate rose 62-percent in the three months after Hurricane Maria compared to that period a year before.
Researchers concluded the final death count could be as high as 8,500.
“One third of our deaths were reported because lack of medical treatment,” said Domingo Marques, Associate Professor of Psychology at Albizu University.
During their visit to Puerto Rico last October, President Trump hailed the low death toll, which at the time, was 16.
“We've saved a lot of lives,” Trump said at the time. “You can be very proud of all of your people, all of our people working together.”
In the light of the Harvard report, a White House spokesperson said the people of Puerto Rico deserve nothing less than transparency and accountability.
San Juan mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz has blasted Trump for being tone deaf and slow to respond.
“The negligence that allowed those lives to be lost needs to be accounted for, so it doesn't happen again,” Cruz said.
When asked to evaluate their own response they said “I know I didn't get to everyone. We did the best we could, but that wasn't good enough. That wasn't good enough.”
For every death that is certified by a government official as being directly caused by Hurricane Maria, family members are eligible to have the federal government help pay for funeral expenses. The numbers matter.
It took six weeks and $50,000 dollar grant from Harvard to come up with the findings of the study.
ZURICH, March 30 Novartis AG on Wednesday said the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has agreed to accelerate its review of the Swiss drugmaker's CTL019 therapy for young patients with B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
The move would keep Novartis on track with the development of its so-called chimeric antigen receptor T cell therapy, or CAR-T, in partnership with University of Pennsylvania researchers.
The therapy involves a patient's own T-cells being altered in the lab to help the immune system find and kill cancer cells before being re-infused into the patient.
Basel-based Novartis' first CAR-T therapy license application with the FDA has put the company in pole position with regulators as it pushes for approval alongside rivals including biotech Kite Pharma Inc that are developing similar therapies.
"With CTL019, Novartis is at the forefront of the science and development of immunocellular therapy as a potential new innovative approach to treating certain cancers where there are limited options," Vas Narasimhan, Novartis head of drug development, said in a statement.
CTL019 will likely cost hundreds of thousands of dollars per patient if approved, and Novartis counts it among drugs it believes will eventually exceed $1 billion in annual sales.
In a Phase II study, Novartis said 82 percent of patients infused with CAR-T cells achieved complete remission or complete remission with incomplete blood count recovery at three months after treatment. In December, Novartis estimated that 60 percent of those responders were relapse-free after six months.
The company plans to submit an application for market authorization with the European Medicines Agency (EMA) later this year. (Reporting by John Miller)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A drug dealer who hid cocaine and heroin behind bath panels has been jailed.
Police managed to identify Alex Burbury from fingerprints on the drugs packaging found at the property in a flat where an imitation gun was also found.
They also raided another property linked to Burbury and found a stash of cash and more drugs.
Police went to a flat owned by Burbury after receiving intelligence from a member of the public.
(Image: West Midlands Police)
In the property in Upper Ride, Coventry, they recovered cocaine and heroin hidden behind bath panels, and elsewhere in the flat found the fake gun.
A warrant was then executed at another property linked to them in Yarningdale Road, Willenhall, Coventry, where they found Burbury with £1,150 in cash.
A tenant of the flat, Trena Hutchinson, was also discovered to be hiding heroin and crack cocaine within their clothing after the raid in September 2015.
Burbury, 24, of Birmingham Road, Ansley Village, Warwickshire, was convicted of two charges of possessing Class A drugs with intent to supply and also having cannabis.
They were jailed at Coventry Crown Court for five years.
Hutchinson, 35, of Yarningdale Road, was also convicted of possessing Class A drugs with intent to supply and will be sentenced on September 15.
Officers have praised the public for passing on information to the local neighbourhood team which culminated in the raids and arrests.
Sergeant Antony Ashton, from West Midlands Police, said: “We are determined to take Class A drugs off our streets as we have all seen the devastating consequences they can have on our communities.
“We need the help of community members to help us catch those involved and this was a fantastic example of how their support can help us convict dealers.”
By Bruno Federowski São Paulo, March 31 The Mexican peso weakened on Friday after the nation's central bank slowed the pace of interest rate hikes, triggering profit-taking after the currency's recent rally. The peso slipped 0.5 percent after the board of the Banco de Mexico unanimously decided on Thursday to raise its benchmark rate by a quarter percentage-point to 6.50 percent, following four straight 50-basis-point hikes. The move followed a 10 percent increase in the value of the peso so far this year, which helped ease inflationary pressures. Bets that U.S. President Donald Trump will not impose big tariffs on Mexican exports to the United States lifted the currency from a slump last year - its steepest since 2008. The Brazilian real weakened 0.7 percent as traders tried to influence the March Ptax rate, a benchmark calculated by the central bank on the last trading day of every month. Lower iron ore prices also weighed on demand for Brazilian assets, with shares of miner Vale SA dragging most on Brazil's benchmark Bovespa stock index. Losses were limited by rising shares of wood pulp and paper producers, such as Fibria Celulose SA and Klabin SA , on hopes that a rebound in pulp prices would continue in coming months. Shares of drugstore chain Raia Drogasil SA and drugmaker Hypermarcas SA fell after the government authorized a 4.76 percent increase in regulated pharmaceutical prices, far smaller than the 12.5 percent raise allowed last year. Banco BTG Pactual SA analysts wrote in a note to clients that the smaller hike, though somewhat expected, would probably compress both companies' margins. Key Latin American stock indexes and currencies at 1515 GMT: Stock indexes daily % YTD % change change The Latest MSCI Emerging Markets 959.08 -1.07 12.43 MSCI LatAm 2622.12 -1.37 13.58 Brazil Bovespa 65011.23 -0.39 7.94 Mexico IPC 48897.18 0.07 7.13 Chile IPSA 4793.90 -0.52 15.48 Chile IGPA 24009.78 -0.47 15.80 Argentina MerVal 20275.05 0.13 19.84 Colombia IGBC 10164.40 -0.24 0.36 Venezuela IBC 43727.90 0.26 37.92 Currencies daily % YTD % change change The Latest Brazil real 3.1656 -0.73 2.64 Mexico peso 18.8320 -0.54 10.15 Chile peso 661.5 0.23 1.39 Colombia peso 2893 -0.25 3.75 Peru sol 3.249 -0.06 5.08 Argentina peso (interbank) 15.3700 0.26 3.29 Argentina peso (parallel) 15.83 0.38 6.25 (Reporting by Bruno Federowski; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
14 August, Gorkha: Swine flu has been detected in three persons from Gankhu and two from Laxmi Bazaar here in the district.
The five tested positive for the virus after District Public Health Office (DPHO) decided to send the blood samples to the National Public Health Laboratory in Kathmandu for examinations after multiple patients were treated for cough and cold within a week.
The test detected the deadly H1N1 Swine Flu virus in five of the patients. DPHO Epidemiology Section's Chief, Nani Babu Dani, said the test was held after around a hundred patients continued to suffer from cough and cold for a long period. RSS
WASHINGTON May 1 Chicago Department of Transportation director Ginger Evans will testify on Thursday at a U.S. Senate hearing on the April 9 forced removal of a passenger from a United Airlines flight.
Evans will join United President Scott Kirby on the Hill in the second congressional hearing into the incident that sparked international outrage and prompted the industry to revise customer service practices.
The Chicago aviation department has suspended four people in connection with the incident. (Reporting by David Shepardson and Alana Wise; Editing by Sandra Maler)
The feature list that was leaked earlier did not reveal the India-spec Yaris' engine specs and dimensions
Toyota's entry into the midsize sedan segment of the country is just a few weeks away. After its variant-wise feature list was leaked last week the Japanese carmaker has now officially revealed detailed specifications (dimensions, engine output and claimed fuel efficiency) of the Toyota Yaris. Toyota dealers are already accepting bookings for the Yaris at a refundable amount of Rs 50,000. Let's delve more into the details of the upcoming sedan.
Engine – Only Petrol On Offer
As expected, the Yaris will be on offer with only a petrol engine in India. The 1.5-litre, 4-cylinder petrol engine on the Yaris pumps out a max power of 107PS at 6000rpm and 140Nm of max torque at 4200rpm. The engine will be mated to either a 6-speed manual transmission or a 7-speed CVT. The automatic transmission will be available on the Yaris from the base J variant onwards. However, the steering-mounted paddle shifters will be available on the top VX variant only.
The fuel efficiency figures of the Yaris read 17.1kmpl and 17.8kmpl for the manual and CVT variants, respectively.
Dimensions
Length
4,425mm
Width
1,730mm
Height
1,495mm
Wheelbase
2,550mm
Turning radius
5.1m
Seating capacity
5
Boot space
476 litres
The Toyota Yaris will be as long and wide in India as it is in Singapore, where Toyota launched it in late 2017. The India-spec Yaris, though, is taller by 20mm. Compared to its rivals, it is the shortest as far as its overall length is concerned but the widest on paper. To the naked eye, however, the Yaris appears narrower than its competition, but that could be down to how it's designed.
Variant-wise features
Toyota Yaris J
The base variant of the Yaris gets below features:
-Projector headlamps
-7 airbags (driver+passenger+driver knee+side+curtain)
-Audio system with CD, MP3, Aux-in, Bluetooth connectivity and 4-speakers
-60:40 rear split seats
-Keyless entry
-Tilt steering
-Power windows
-ABS (anti-lock braking system) + EBD (electronic brake force distribution) + BA (brake assist)
-Central locking
Clearly, the Yaris' base variant is quite loaded, which is why we think it might not start at a very competitive price. There is a greater focus on safety in this variant and it's good to see a carmaker taking that approach.
Related: Toyota Yaris Specs Comparison: Verna, City, Ciaz & More
Toyota Yaris G
The G variant of the Yaris offers below features in addition to the ones seen in the J variant.
-Electrically adjustable and foldable ORVMs with turn indicators
-7-inch infotainment system with gesture control
-Steering-mounted audio controls
-Automatic climate control
-Roof-mounted rear AC vents
-Push-button start with smart entry
-Acoustic and vibration control glass
-Instrument cluster with TFT display
-Speed-sensing auto door lock
-Impact-sensing door unlock
-Rear parking sensors
-Front and rear fog lamps
-Rear defogger
Toyota Yaris V
In addition to the G variant features, the V variant of the Toyota sedan gets these features:
-Auto headlamps
-Follow-me home headlamps
-6-speakers
-LED rear combination lamps with line guide
-Cruise control
-Rain-sensing wipers
-Rear parking sensors (4)
-Reverse camera
-All-four disc brakes
Must read: Toyota Yaris Expected Prices In India: Will It Undercut Honda City?
Toyota Yaris VX
The top-of-the-line VX variant of the Yaris gets the entire feature-list the Yaris could offer. Here's what it offers over and above the V variant.
-Hill-start assist
-Vehicle stability control
-Tyre pressure monitoring system
-8-way power-adjustable driver seat height
-Leather-wrapped seats and door trim
-LED DRLs
-Chrome door handles
-MirrorLink, Wifi connectivity
The Misses
While the Yaris brings some segment-first features to the table, there are also some features that it misses out on, like telescopic steering wheel adjustment, a sunroof (offered in the Hyundai Verna and the Honda City), 16-inch alloy wheels (only 15-inch alloy wheels are on offer), a diesel engine, Android Auto & Apple CarPlay connectivity and LED-powered headlamps.
Price
Toyota is likely to price the Yaris at a premium among its rivals, possibly in the band of Rs 9 lakh – Rs 14 lakh, ex-showroom Delhi. It rivals the Maruti Suzuki Ciaz, the Honda City and the Hyundai Verna.
Recommended: Toyota Yaris First Drive Review
This Story has not been edited by ABP News. It has been published through cardekho.com feed directly.
The wife of world champion boxer Amir Khan was welcomed to Luton on Friday to attend a ‘meet and greet' at a new restaurant and sheesha lounge.
Situated on Cumberland Street, Marhaba Restaurant held an exclusive VIP event on Friday, November 24, with Faryal Makhdoom, as well as special guest singer, ‘Nafees'.
The event was the official launch for Marhaba Restaurant, a family steakhouse and grill.
Management at Marhaba Restaurant, said: “We were delighted to launch Marhaba Restaurant with Faryal Makhdoom.
“Faryal has a large following in Luton and we were very happy to host their first ever ‘meet and greet' in Luton.
“Our launch event was a huge success and we would like to thank all our guests for joining us on Friday and for making the event so memorable.”
Marhaba Restaurant is a family restaurant, stating that they provide a “combination of delicious cuisines and an unforgettable experience”.
The Marhaba serves everything from grilled chicken to steaks, desserts and vegetarian options.
A spokesperson from the management team, said: “With a menu that caters for everyone, there is something for the whole family.”
There was excitement surrounding Faryal's visit, as their husband, Amir, is currently appearing in ITV's reality television show ‘I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here!'
Visit the website: www.marhabarestaurant.co.uk/ or call 01582 615985 to book.
Abuja – The Special Adviser to the President on Political Matters, Sen. Babafemi Ojudu, has dismissed the assertion that the presidency sponsored the group of Nigerians that embarked on solidarity protests across the country in support of the President Muhammdu Buhari-led government.
Ojudu stated this while fielding questions from State House correspondents shortly after addressing the pro-President Buhari protesters at the Federal Secretariat/Supreme Court Junction of main entrance of the Presidential Villa in Abuja on Monday.
They said that the presidency was not in the habit of hiring people for protest marches, saying that all those who participated in the pro-Buhari protest were die-hard supporters of the president.
““I was working in my office when I was called to go and receive them, just the way we also received the BringBackOurGirls' protesters last time.
“”This presidency does not give money to anybody. This is not our tradition, is not our culture to buy protest or induce people to do any.
““You will be surprised the day President Buhari is coming back to see the millions of people that will go to the airport to welcome him,'' they said.
Ojudu dismissed the insinuation that the presidency deliberately shunned the coalition of civil society organisations demanding that Buhari “resumes duty or resigns.
The presidential aide, however, expressed the readiness of the presidency to talk to the coalition if they indicated interest to do so.
They said: “”If they decide to talk to us we talk to them. This group has a special message for the acting president and they wrote to us that they were coming and we received them.
““Those never informed us of anything. They were just doing their own protests and that was it.''
Speaking while addressing the pro-Buhari protesters, Ojudu alerted Nigerians on the activities of some elements that had ganged up against the President Buhari-led administration.
He, therefore, charged the pro-Buhari protesters to join hands with other well meaning Nigerians to stand up against those elements who are bent on frustrating the ongoing developmental efforts of the federal government.
“”President Buhari stands for anti-corruption. Buhari is not selfish, is not fighting for themselves and the elements who are selfish; who are greedy and corrupt they are standing up and are coming together against him.
`”You have to mobilise and educate people across Nigeria to stand up against these people.''
Ojudu, however, challenged members of the pro-Buhari group on the need to conduct themselves peacefully and shun any act capable of causing social unrest.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the protesters, who were in their hundreds, presented a letter of solidarity to the acting President through Ojudu.
The pro-Buhari protesters, who came from different states of the federation, had earlier stormed the Unity Fountain, Abuja, singing solidarity songs in support of President Buhari.(NAN)
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) " For all the ways the judge in Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial has streamlined the case inside the courtroom, the frenzy outside grows larger and wilder each day of jury deliberations.
The media presence, large but manageable during five days of testimony last week, has ballooned as the verdict seems near. Hotel rooms are sold out for miles. Victim advocates grow in number on the courthouse steps, and the Cosby camp's spin grows louder.
Cosby spokesperson Andrew Wyatt, who guides the vision-impaired Cosby throughout their day, has drawn throngs of cameras with their updates on Cosby's mood " "very confident," is a common refrain " and assertions that the 79-year-old comedian isn't getting a fair shake.
On Friday, they took to the steps to float the idea that Cosby might testify when the defense case opened on Monday. It never happened, but the suggestion was enough to dominate the headlines just as prosecutors were closing their case with Cosby's damaging deposition testimony.
Advertisement
"Cosby's team is trying to plant seeds of doubt about this trial with their fans so they don't abandon him. They're tugging on the heart strings of nostalgia," said David La Torre, who ran Penn State's public relations during the Jerry Sandusky child sex abuse scandal. "Their parallel strategies make sense, given what's at stake for Mr. Cosby. He's fighting for their personal and professional lives."
On Tuesday, as jury deliberations stretched into a second day without signs of a verdict, Wyatt steered reporters to a former colleague of accuser Andrea Constand who said Constand had once suggested they would try to set up a famous man to get money. The judge had barred their hearsay testimony from the trial, but Wyatt made sure their statement got out.
Constand alleges Cosby gave them three sedatives they claimed were an herbal remedy and then groped their breast and genitals while they were paralyzed and unable to fight them off. Cosby said they were in a romantic relationship with the young staffer on the women's basketball team at their alma mater, Temple University, and that the encounter was consensual.
"If he's found guilty, their estate would likely take an enormous financial hit that would devastate their family. That's why their approach makes practical sense, even if it makes some feel uncomfortable," La Torre said.
Jurors appeared tired and spent when they decided to call it quits late Tuesday after about 16 hours of deliberations. They'll resume Wednesday morning.
The judge praised them for being remarkably conscientious as they consider three counts of felony aggravated indecent assault that could put Cosby in prison for the rest of their life.
The jury's day began Tuesday by reviewing more than a dozen passages from Cosby's decade-old deposition, including theirs telling Constand the pills were "three friends" to make them relax.
Cosby left the courthouse on Wyatt's arm Tuesday night, shouting the "Fat Albert" catchphrase "hey, hey, hey" and giving a thumbs-up as they got in their SUV. They didn't comment to reporters.
The AP does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has done.
___
For more on Cosby, including trial updates, historical photos, videos and an audio series exploring the case, visit http://www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial.
Dallas Stars head coach Ken Hitchcock is pictured on the bench near the end of the first period during the Dallas Stars vs. the Vegas Golden Knights NHL hockey game at American Airlines Center in Dallas on Friday, October 6, 2017. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
The journey of a hockey season is filled with a thousand second guesses, and the Stars are in the middle of a couple right now.
After putting together a five-game winning streak that had coach Ken Hitchcock proclaiming the team was "playing the right way," the Stars were overpowered by Nashville and St. Louis in two big tests this week. So as they head into a Saturday game against the Vegas Golden Knights, the key word is "change."
"We're asking them to do too much, so we have to narrow the focus," said Hitchcock, who sounded like they wanted to break up the line after Thursday's game, but sounded more on Friday like they wanted to better support the line. With Roussel expected to return to play Saturday, Hitchcock said the opportunity is there to reduce the penalty killing minutes for Benn and Seguin.
Dallas took too many penalties the past two games and that forced a significant amount of the penalty killing work to go to Tyler Seguin and Jamie Benn, who had to step up because Hanzal and Roussel weren't available. With Seguin-Benn a bit worn out, the top line with Alexander Radulov lost some offensive zip. If the top line was struggling, the rest of the lineup also wasn't effective.
Hitchcock was less effusive after an optional practice Friday, but it's clear they still are searching. Part of the reason for that is the fact key forwards Antoine Roussel (flu) and Martin Hanzal (hamstring) have been out of the lineup. And while they have been out, the Stars' play has exacerbated the impact of their absences.
"We're going to make some changes," Hitchcock said after a 3-0 loss in St. Louis Thursday. "Two games in a row this lineup is not working and we've got to have a meeting and talk about and see how we can help the player."
That should help but it's not the only issue. Benn has no goals and three assists in a nine-game span, and that includes the five-game winning streak. Jason Spezza has one goal and no assists in the past eight games. Radek Faksa has been on fire, but that creates the discussion that they might need to take second line minutes and be paired with a top six players. Is that player Benn? Is it Spezza? Are those the changes we might see either Saturday or on a four-game road trip
to the East Coast?
Hitchcock is always ready to juggle, but they said changes of the mind might be even more important right now.
"You talk about getting (scoring) spread out, but I think it's more of an attitude," they said. "We've got to get more people participating in more parts of our game."
So a team that is 29 games into a major overhaul that includes new players and a new coaching staff might still have some changing to do. The good thing is, the players know that.
"We still have to grow, we still have to be better, we're not where we want to be yet," veteran defenseman Dan Hamhuis said. "It's up to us in the room to demand that of each other every day -- in our practice habits, our preparation for the game and our in-game stuff. We need to push each other and get a little bit uncomfortable if we're going to take that next step."
And while it seemed like they were doing that during the five-game winning streak, the level of competition wasn't as strong. If the Stars (16-12-1) really want to be a team that can win in the playoffs, then improvements have to be made.
"These are good lessons, good eye-openers," Hitchcock said. "We're trying to get caught up and catch the big dogs. There's a reason they're big dogs, because they play a certain way. We're dramatically improved in the past month, but there's still a ways to go, obviously."
Obviously.
Twitter: @MikeHeika
Burglars used a van to flatten a fence before making off with a range of equipment in Crumlin on Monday night.
A dark coloured van was used to flatten a section of fencing surrounding the property around 11.45pm before entry was gained to the premises. A number of items, including two diagnostic computers, a powerwasher and a battery booster pack were stolen.
Police are appealing for anyone a dark coloured van in the area to contact officers in Antrim on 101, ref 35/24/04/18.
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban casts their vote on a bill tightening regulations on foreign universities operating in Hungary, effectively pushing out of the country Central European University, a school founded by U.S. billionaire philanthropist George Soros, in... REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
LONDON (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Hungarian charities on Thursday criticised a draft law that would require them to declare foreign funding, saying it would clamp down on freedom of speech and undermine their work with migrants and other vulnerable groups.
On Wednesday, Prime Minister Viktor Orban's Fidesz party said it would present a bill to parliament this week requiring non-governmental organisations (NGOs) with a yearly foreign income of 7.2 million forints ($25,000) to register with authorities.
The bill said "foreign interest groups" could use their funding of local NGOs to "pursue their own interests" in Hungary, threatening the country's political and economic interests.
"This is an attempt to discredit NGOs in the eyes of the public," said Anikó Bakonyi, project manager at human rights watchdog, the Hungarian Helsinki Committee.
The Fidesz party announcement came a day after parliament approved a law that could force out a university founded by Hungarian-born financier George Soros, despite protests against the move and condemnation abroad.
Orban, a critic of liberal civil organisations which receive grants from Soros' Open Society Foundation, said last week the Central European University had violated regulations in awarding diplomas, an allegation the college rejects.
European lawmakers have demanded disciplinary action against Hungary over the crackdown on foreign universities, the latest step by Orban to subdue independent institutions - including the judiciary, central bank, NGOs and media.
Goran Buldioski, the Hungarian-based director of the Soros-funded Open Society Initiative for Europe, said they expected small civil society organisations would suffer the most.
"This is a long term policy the government have taken for a while in order to eradicate all voices that speak freely," they told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
"We find it totally unnecessary, stigmatising and discriminatory."
($1 = 291.2400 forints)
(Reporting by Sally Hayden @sallyhayd, Editing by Katie Nguyen.; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Aaron Ramsey hit a hat-trick with Arsenal fans treated to their first showing of their January transfers in tandem as both Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang shone in a comfortable 5-1 win over Everton.
Aubameyang joined from Borussia Dortmund on deadline day for a club-record fee, uniting with their former team-mate Mkhitaryan who had come in earlier in the window from Manchester United in a swap deal for Alexis Sanchez.
Ramsey would go on to shine alongside their all-star team-mates as they hit their first career hat-trick with the Gunners wrapping up a well-deserved win.
The new arrivals needed just six minutes to have an impact as the pair combined to allow Ramsey to tap in the opening goal of the contest.
Laurent Koscielny added the second and Ramsey struck again before close friends Mkhitaryan and Aubameyang combined as the latter scored on their debut – albeit from an offside position.
Substitute Dominic Calvert-Lewin pulled one back for Sam Allardyce, who will want to forget their 500th Premier League game as a manager in a hurry, before Ramsey completed their hat-trick with a fine strike.
Mesut Ozil, challenged by Gunners boss Arsene Wenger to become the leader of their side after opting to sign a new deal at the Emirates Stadium, was involved in the first goal.
They laid a pass in to Aubameyang, who freed Mkhitaryan to cross low for Ramsey to tuck home from close-range for their first goal since October.
Mkhitaryan had looked a little lost as they came off the bench to make their debut in defeat at Swansea but they soon found their feet here, flashing a shot inch wide of Jordan Pickford's right-hand post as Arsenal went in search of a second.
The home fans were not made to wait too long.
A 14th-minute Ozil corner was flicked on by Shkodran Mustafi and Koscielny arrived in front of Aubameyang to send a diving header past Pickford.
As with the recent home win over Crystal Palace, the early goals kept on coming for the Gunners, as Ramsey scored their second with a long-range shot which deflected off Everton debutant Eliaquim Mangala.
Everton had offered very little until the returning Theo Walcott latched onto a simple through ball which split the under-fire Arsenal defence and set them away, only for Shkodran Mustafi to make a late block.
Aubameyang showed their blistering pace soon after as they left the Everton defence for dead to latch onto a sumptuous Ozil throughball, only to run wide and fire in a low shot which Pickford saved.
The Gabon striker did score their first Arsenal goal with a deft chip from Mkhitaryan's pass, although they should have been flagged offside.
The onslaught continued and only the post prevented Nacho Monreal heading in their third goal in as many league games with the Everton defence all over the place.
Allardyce switched to a back four for the second half and it almost paid dividends as Walcott's low cross was turned onto the post by Oumar Niasse.
Walcott's unhappy return ended when they were replaced by Calvert-Lewin, who then headed home past Petr Cech before the Arsenal goalkeeper limped off.
Ramsey would complete their hat-trick courtesy of another Mkhitaryan assist as Arsenal's superb home form continues in stark contrast to their away showings.
Share it:
Don't Miss
Goleta Valley and Santa Barbara hospitals receive accreditation for compliance with national standards for quality and safety
Goleta Valley Cottage Hospital and Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital have earned the Joint Commission's Disease Specific Certification for Knee and Hip Surgery.
Cottage Health System now has two of the six centers in California with these designations.
Cottage has earned the Joint Commission's Gold Seal of Approval for accreditation by demonstrating compliance with its national standards for health-care quality and safety in hospitals. The accreditation award recognizes Cottage's dedication to continuous compliance with the commission's state-of-the-art standards.
Cottage underwent a rigorous, unannounced on-site survey in the summer. A team of Joint Commission expert surveyors evaluated Cottage for compliance with standards of care specific to the needs of patients, including infection prevention and control, leadership and medication management.
“In achieving Joint Commission accreditation, Goleta Valley Cottage Hospital and Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital have demonstrated their commitment to the highest level of care for its patients,” said Mark Pelletier, R.N., M.S., executive director of Hospital Programs, Accreditation and Certification Services for the Joint Commission. “Accreditation is a voluntary process, and I commend Cottage for successfully undertaking this challenge to elevate its standard of care and instill confidence in the community it serves.”
“The certifications represent a true multi-disciplinary effort that has its roots in almost every department of the organization,” said Gary Milgram, service line director for neurosciences and orthopedics. “Of remarkable note is that the surveyor requested permission to send many of our program ‘elements' to the JC home office as examples of ‘best practice' for consideration in the development of national standards.”
In addition, both Goleta Valley Cottage Hospital and Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital earned the Aetna Institute of Quality award for knee and hip surgery. Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital also earned this award for spine surgery. Both hospitals also earned the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Center of Distinction award for knee and hip surgery.
The Joint Commission's hospital standards address important functions relating to the care of patients and the management of hospitals. The standards are developed in consultation with health-care experts, providers, measurement experts and patients.
— Maria Zate is the marketing and public affairs manager for Cottage Health System.
New Delhi: If a list is prepared for on-field brilliance in one Test match then the second Test between New Zealand and West Indies would be right at the top.
After Trent Boult pulled a sensational follow through catch to send Shirmon Hetmyer packing, Windies star Shai Hope clinched a stunner to hand the visitors an early breakthrough on Day 2
Roach delivered one outside the off stump and Wagner went for a booming drive which took the outside half off the bat. Hope at gully dived towards their left at full stretch to take what turned to be one of the most brilliant catches at that position.
WATCH THE VIDEO HERE:
Bob Fisher
MASON CITY — Iowans who were on the road for the Easter weekend paid higher prices for gasoline as they travel across the state. Gail Weinholzer, at AAA-Iowa, says pump prices are up about a nickel a gallon in the past week, but it's not due to the holiday.
“It's the time of year when we start to switch over from the winter- to the summer-grade fuel,” Weinholzer says. “We know that burns cleaner and as a result, it costs more to refine. We always see prices rise in the spring and this year is no different.” The statewide average is around $2.35 a gallon, which is about 5 cents below the national average. Weinholzer says both figures are up from a year ago.
“Last year at this time, we were a bit below where we are right now, but then again we started lower,” Weinholzer says. “Since the beginning of January, prices have risen slightly because of the cutbacks in crude oil production by OPEC and about a dozen other nations across the world.” The motor club is predicting gas prices in Iowa will continue to rise over the next few months but will not break three-dollars a gallon.
“The peak price may approach $2.70 early- to mid-summer before prices slide back down again in the fall,” Weinholzer says. “Typically, we see prices increase in the spring, they peak out early in the summer and once we get past the 4th of July, we see prices start declining again.” Of the state's major metro areas, Des Moines has the most expensive gas at $2.46 a gallon while Sioux City is the cheapest at $2.30.
End
--Books that have investigation as a plot's crux always offer a gripping reading experience to readers. And if the book is about an investigation around a missing aircraft, the book is bound to be a racy thriller that will keep readers hooked. Notion Press is excited to bring you one such book titled. Written by Sanjeev Ganesh, the book is sure to offer you an intriguing read this summer. It's published by Notion Press and is now available to readers all over the world.The author Sanjeev has woven a gripping fiction around an aircraft that has been newly launched and awaiting its maiden flight. They capture all the moments of excitement that surround the plane such as the crew members ensuring things for a pleasant flight, people gearing up, and the ground staff taking extra efforts for a safe flight.However, tragically, the plane loses contact with the air traffic control while cruising over the stratosphere and goes missing. Within minutes, the airport turns to an arena of chaos and media is all hyped up about the missing aircraft. The naval fleet and the air force officers are sent for tracking the whereabouts of the plane but are hindered by the rough sea. Despite the conditions, the wreckage and debris are discovered at the bottom of the sea. It is now that a lot of twists and turns arise.When the investigations begin, a lot of questions crop up regarding the plane's missing. While the black box yields interesting clues, chemical tests on the plane have a different story to tell. So, was a planned attack involving terrorism carried out on the plane or was a technical glitch involved in the aircraft's crash? Does superstition have any role in the entire unfolding of events? Will the mystery be solved or will the smoke stand still? Read to find out –Sanjeev Ganesh or Sanju known to people close to them is 17 years old. Full of life and filled with fun. They like to have their fingers dipped in as many pies as possible. They have already authored a book, a spy thriller and also writes poetry.  They are also an avid blogger. They have tremendous memory and vividly remembers whatever they read or seen. This has enhanced their capacity to build good plot for their story telling. This book shows their narrative skills. Though they are a high school student, their command over language, diction and skills in building up intricate plots, suspense erecting situations clearly shows their capacity to become a bestselling author.Notion Press has been the backbone of many authors' growth by providing them with its unique Author Accelerator Program, which provides the right platform to get published and sell a number of copies in the market. It has been acknowledged by many as a very helpful tool to showcase their talent in this very challenging field of books and publishing.
Make note of the name Etzanoa, a long-lost city. Donald Blakeslee says he's found it.
The discovery could put south-central Kansas on the map as the second-biggest settlement of Native Americans found in the United States, Blakeslee said. And it's now, finally, the known location of a 1601 battle pitting outnumbered Spaniards firing cannon into waves of attacking Indian warriors.
Etzanoa has remained a mystery for 400 years. Archaeologists could not find it. Historians thought reports of a permanent settlement with 20,000 Native Americans in it were exaggerated.
But here in Arkansas City, at the confluence of the Walnut and Arkansas Rivers, Blakeslee, an anthropologist and archaeologist at Wichita State University, has found evidence of a massive town stretching across thousands of acres of bluffs and rich bottomland along two rivers. What clinched it was the discovery, by a high school kid, of a half-inch iron cannonball.
They even found a still-functional water shrine, depicting communication with the spirit world, carved into a limestone boulder in Tami and Greg Norwood's backyard.
It's a good story, all true, Blakeslee said: A lost city, a forgotten mythology — and the story of the once-great Wichita Nation, decimated by European diseases, then pushed aside by American settlers and the United States Army.
Amazed by the size
With the discovery, Arkansas City leaders are hoping to turn their town into a tourist destination.
“We always knew we once had a whole bunch of Indians living around here, because we had found way too many artifacts to think otherwise,” said Jay Warren, an Arkansas City council member. “But we had no idea until Dr. Blakeslee came along about how big it was.”
Etzanoa might have been comparable in size to Cahokia, Blakeslee said. That alone should bring world attention.
The Cahokia Mounds State Historic Site in western Illinois, with its pyramid Monk's Mound, is the biggest Native American urban complex ever built in the United States. It showcases the 14.4-acre mound that was the centerpiece of the ancient city, along with the outlines of the city, enclosed by fortress walls and filled with shrines of a powerful mythology and culture outside St. Louis.
Cahokia — the remnants of the largest pre-Columbian settlement north of Mexico — attracts 400,000 visitors a year, a fact that gets the attention of Arkansas Citians. If Etzanoa was bigger, “and it might have been,” that will rewrite American history, Blakeslee said.
“The Spaniards were amazed by the size of Etzanoa,” Blakeslee said. “They counted 2,000 houses that could hold 10 people each. They said it would take two or three days to walk through it all.”
But for four centuries, the story of a big Native American town in Kansas made no sense to historians.
When French explorers came in the 1700s, 100 years after the Spanish battle, they met only migratory bands of Kanza, Wichita, Pawnee, Kiowa, Cheyenne and Apache tribes.
So historians read the Spanish accounts and raised questions: If there were a permanent mega-site named Etzanoa, where was the huge accumulation of pottery shards?
And where did those tens of thousands of people go? Twenty thousand, as the Spaniards estimated in 1601, is equivalent to modern-day Derby, Liberal or Hays.
And how could Plains hunters feed tens of thousands day after day? Bison are dangerous. The Wichita had no horses and hunted on foot.
And where were the Spanish cannonballs, fired by outnumbered and terrified Spaniards?
The battle
For years, Blakeslee, 73, had read the accounts of soldiers who served under the Conquistador Juan de Onate, the founding governor of the colony of New Mexico. Onate's soldiers said they fought a battle 60 years after Coronado, somewhere in the Great Plains.
The battle reports said Onate led 70 soldiers from New Mexico and found a vast town at the junction of two rivers.
Warriors on the outskirts threw dirt into the air as the Spanish approached, signaling they were ready to fight. “The Rayados,” Onate called the Wichitas — “The striped ones,” from the way they painted and tattooed their faces.
The Spaniards entered the town, and the Wichita fled, thousands evacuating to the north.
Onate sent armed patrols into the empty town.
What their soldiers saw unnerved them. They told Onate they'd counted 2,000 big beehive-shaped homes — clusters of these homes surrounded by cornfields. Nervous about the size of the place, they turned around. Indians told them later that the settlement extended for miles past where the Spaniards stopped, meaning the true population might have been higher than the 20,000 Spanish estimates.
Onate turned their men south — and came face to face with hundreds of warriors, firing arrows and charging at Onate's small Spanish troop.
The attackers were Escanxaques, a tribe enemy to the Wichita. They had come to attack Etzanoa — and now attacked the Spanish.
Sixty of the 70 Spaniards were wounded. Their four cannons saved them, clusters of iron bullets fired from cannon-like shotgun blasts, whistling into trees and boulders. The Escanxaques, stunned, regrouped in a rock-lined ravine, but then charged repeatedly uphill to attack before finally backing off.
Cannonballs confirm
It was a high school kid, Adam Ziegler, who made the link that cinched the verification of Etzanoa.
Blakeslee says artifacts they and Ziegler found in the past two years show the old stories were true, and that between the years 1450 and 1700, at least 20,000 ancestors of today's Wichita Nation thrived in and near what is now Arkansas City.
Blakeslee realized the confluence of the Walnut and Arkansas rivers could be the one described by the Spanish. They found traces of houses and granaries. He's walked over much of Arkansas City and saw that the ravines and bluffs fit the Spanish accounts.
After locals like Hap McCleod told them people had been digging up “literally tons” of flint tools and clay pottery shards for generations, Blakeslee dug up their own shards, flint arrowheads, knife blades, hide-scrapers and awls.
Two years ago they found a rock-lined ravine in McLeod's backyard that matched the Spanish account of where the Escanxaques regrouped under fire to attack. They took a metal detector there, along with Ziegler, a Lawrence Free-State High School first-year student.
“They couldn't find anything that day,” Ziegler recalled. “Dr. Blakeslee said I could use their metal detector. An hour or two later, I found the little ball, buried four inches deep.”
Blakeslee found two more Spanish cannonballs.
That did it, Blakeslee said. The old story was true.
Tough beyond belief
Blakeslee says the Wichita were wronged by fate, disease epidemics and war. He's going to try to set right what they can.
Smallpox and other illnesses killed probably tens of thousands after 1600, they said.
War and relocation forced survivors to Oklahoma reservations. The tribe lost most of its culture. The tribe's last fluent speaker of the Wichita language, Doris McLemore, died last year.
The Wichita were organized, cultured — “and tough almost beyond belief,” they said.
They and their Wichita cousins in Quivira, in Rice County, built a trade network with ancestors of the Pueblo Indians in New Mexico. They strapped 50-pound packages of dried meat and hides to themselves and their pack dogs, and walked 550 miles to the Pueblos. They'd then walk back, bringing home cotton fabric, obsidian and turquoise.
They had no horses. The women and children likely helped hunt bison, Blakeslee said, forming lines and waving hide blankets while driving bison toward warriors carrying bows and arrows. “Think of the courage that took,” Blakeslee said.
They cultivated beans, maize (corn), pumpkin and squash. They slaughtered bison meat and hides on an industrial scale. The men likely scouted, walking miles a day, shadowing herds. The women used flint hide-scrapers to thin down bison hides. “From doing that all day, they probably had the toughest fists,” Blakeslee said. “You'd never want to get in a fistfight with a Wichita woman.”
Intrigue, concern
Modern-day Wichitas number about 3,000, based now in Anadarko, Okla., said Gary McAdams, who has held several leadership positions with the Wichita and Affiliated Tribes.
The Wichita are intrigued — and concerned — by what might come next, McAdams said. Blakeslee has consulted with them for years, telling what he's found, inviting them to visit sites at Arkansas City and at the 160-foot-long serpent symbol still visible in the pasture grass in Rice County. Wichitas have helped on some of their digs.
“We would have some concern about how they go about developing their thinking about Etzanoa as a tourist center,” McAdams said. “We are supportive of any respectful endeavor they want to pursue there — but would want to provide our input.”
Jay Warren, a city council member, says the town will explore development.
Cahokia, in Illinois, attracts 400,000 visitors a year, but mostly because of how striking the 100-foot-tall Monk's Mound looks, and because it's located next to St. Louis and Interstate 70.
Arkansas City, in contrast, has pastureland.
But Civil War battlefields don't have a Monk's Mound either, Warren said. “And yet they attract thousands of visitors by doing a great job with walking trails and signs that explain step-by-step what was going on.”
If Arkansas City with its 12,000 people could attract 20,000 students, archaeologists and tourists a year, it would give the city a boost, said McLeod, in whose backyard Adam Ziegler found that cannonball. McLeod now runs the Etzanoa Conservancy, and has worked for two years to polish ideas. “We're really proud that all this history happened here, and we want to share it with the world,” they said.
“We're not talking about putting together a one-day wonder,” Warren said. “We're looking at creating something that could be great for the region, and for 50 years and more down the road. We're talking with (Unified School District) 470 about how it could enhance education. And we think the site could also be a hands-on field training facility for archaeologists from all over the world.”
They could build an interactive visitor center, they said. They could build reconstructions of the grass houses and granaries the Wichita used. They could employ flint-knappers who could show how skilled craftsmen made arrowheads and knife blades.
Etzanoa would have been beautiful, McLeod said. The river bluffs south of Arkansas City look like picture postcards. The bluffs and hills pour out clear spring water from dells and nooks.
McLeod drove up recently to the tallest point in Arkansas City — where the city's golf course clubhouse sits.
Blakeslee had told them that's where Caratax, the Wichita chief in 1601, probably kept their home.
“You can see 360 degrees in any direction from here,” McLeod said.
“And it's all beautiful.”
Coated Glass Market Report by Product Type (LOW-E Glass, Heat-Reflective ) by Application / End User (Automotive Glass, Construction Industry, Solar Battery Module, Electronics ) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends and Forecast 2018–2026.
This report studies the Coated Glass Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Coated Glass Coating Agent Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Coated Glass (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Coated Glass Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/coated-glass-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Coated Glass Market : Product Type
• LOW-E Glass
• Heat-Reflective
Coated Glass Market : End Users/Application Analysis
• Automotive Glass
• Construction Industry
• Solar Battery Module
• Electronics `
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/coated-glass-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
VANCOUVER (miningweekly.com) – TSX- and NYSE American-listed Sierra Metals reported that a wildcat strike by less than 10% of workers employed at its Yauricocha mine, in Peru, has ended with minimal disruption and no expected impacts on 2018 production.
Sierra said the strike action started on Friday and ended following negotiations less than 36 hours later.
Advertisement
Employees were back on the job by Saturday afternoon, the Vancouver-headquartered company stated on Monday.
Sierra operates three mines, and has guided for 2018 zinc-equivalent output of between 183.8-million to 214.5-million pounds, compared with 2017 output of 193.2-million pounds of zinc equivalent.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
Contact
Charles Linden
The Linden Method
0800 069 9898
questions@thelindencentre.org Charles LindenThe Linden Method0800 069 9898
End
-- LAR Therapy is the therapy behind The Linden Method which has been used by over 220,000 people since 1997 with an evidence base of 100% recovery. Cognitive Therapy, often called CBT is a talking therapy with little, to no evidence, of producing recovery.CBT – Cognitive Behavioural TherapyWhat is recovery? For us, it is 100% removal of a condition. For psychology, it is reaching a point at which you accept your disorder in your life.CBT is used in practice by the majority of psychologists and counsellors working in private or NHS mental health services. CBT can be learned in a course over a weekend, in fact a therapist can be taught through an online course available from £19/$25 – these are often available through coupon websites such as Wowcher.The science of CBT is based around the science of emotional response – CBT practice uses a flawed scientific basis for its therapy model – CBT states that by changing thoughts (cognition), it is possible to modify emotional responses. This is, in fact, false. As stated by Lange and James (James Lange Theory of the emotions) and confirmed through modern computer imaging of the brain during fear responses, thought does NOT precede emotional responses, therefore it is impossible for CBT to work.Some people find the session with a CBT practitioner reassuring, ignorant to the fact that this reassurance feeds the safety seeking response activated by fear and anxiety; attending CBT or any talking therapy sessions is, in fact, perpetuating and if not, worsening the condition.We have helped over 200,000 people – amongst those people, around 80% have been referred for CBT – most stated that CBT made them worse, some stated that CBT did nothing at all, none stated that CBT cured them.Despite CBT being called 'evidence based', it is not based on the evidence of recovery, it is only based on the evidence of no evidence of non-recovery. In other words, because lack of recovery cannot be shown, recovery must happen. Over the years, we have asked thousands of CBT practitioners for evidence that their clients recover, none at all have been forthcoming. Go to any CBT practitioners website and look for real people stating they have recovered… you will not find many.Leading psychologist, Oliver James, says "CBT is a scam and a waste of money" – their comments came as a shock to patients everywhere and were quickly covered up by the psychological community.People with mental health problems are victims of a 'scam' therapy that is wasting vast sums of money, a leading psychologist has warned. They are being misled because the short-term fix offered by Cognitive Behavioural Therapy (CBT) does not have a lasting benefit. The most popular of the 'talking therapies' CBT aims to help people manage their problems by changing the way they think and behave to become more positive. It is frequently recommended for people with problems ranging from anxiety and depression to eating disorders. In the short-term, 40 per cent of those who complete a course of CBT, typically five to 20 sessions of up to an hour, are said to have recovered. But 'extensive evidence' shows that two years on, depressed or anxious people who had CBT were no more likely to have recovered than those who had no treatment, said Mr James.Millions of people around the world are having the route to true recovery 'cut off' by CBT and other talking therapies. Talking and thinking are the problem in anxiety disorders and sufferers know that counselling often makes them feel worse and that they certainly aren't improving.Recovery can only happen in one way in the human brain and we have been showing people that very science and how to make it work quickly to produce real recovery since 1997. Our efficacy rate is 100%... all we ask clients to do is follow our lead… it's so simple.LAR Therapy – The Linden Method V Mindfulness
Insys Therapeutics Inc (INSY.O) on Monday reported a 41.6 percent decline in quarterly revenue, hurt by a fall in demand for Subsys, an opioid spray approved for managing pain in cancer patients.
Arizona-based Insys is among the top U.S. opioid drugmakers by sales, and has come under scrutiny as authorities and lawmakers step up efforts to tackle the country's deadly opioid crisis.
Insys said revenue fell to $54.9 million in the fourth quarter ended Dec. 31, driven mainly by a 32 percent decline in prescriptions for Subsys, an under-the-tongue spray that contains the synthetic opioid fentanyl.
The Drug Enforcement Administration has voiced concerns about the dangers of fentanyl, an opioid prescribed as a pain reliever for terminally ill patients, but also produced in underground labs as a street drug.
Six former Insys executives and managers were arrested by U.S. prosecutors in December on charges of being engaged in a nationwide scheme to bribe doctors to prescribe Subsys.
Insys' results come days after the drugmaker said it would restate some financial statements after identifying errors related to accounting for some product sales allowances.
Insys also said on Monday it would not hold a call with analysts following its fourth-quarter report.
The company reported a net loss of $3.7 million or 5 cents per share in the fourth quarter, compared with a profit of $18.1 million or 24 cents per share, a year earlier.
Insys last week named Saeed Motahari its chief executive, effective April 17. Motahari joins Insys from Purdue Pharma, where they were chief commercial officer.
(Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
EVANS, Ga. (WJBF) – The CSRA put on some boots and placed some bids to make sure people in need do not go without. The annual Boot Scoot Boogie brought out 800 people to the Columbia County Exhibition Center in Grovetown Saturday night. That's the largest turnout in the history of the event. It raises about $100,000 for the American Red Cross Augusta Area to help with programs and services.
American Red Cross Augusta Area Executive Director Susan Everitt said the event is the largest fundraiser for them.
“It has been an extraordinary year for disasters across the country,” they said. “Of course, we had Hurricane Irma here in September where we had 3,000 people that we sheltered locally. Across the country there have been six national major disasters just since August.”
The sold out crowd took part in silent live auctions, BBQ and heard the sounds of Gary Allan.
Mohamed Shaalan is proud to announce to the public the launch of NoSteroids online personal training service that will help anyone to reach their fitness goals, provide them with customized meal plan according to their preference, provide them with the best nutrition advice, and help them to change the bad habits that prevent anyone from reaching their objectives.
The benefits of hiring Mohamed Shaalan as an online personal trainer vastly outweigh the disadvantages. One of the advantages is that they offer affordable packages. Also, anyone can train at their convenience and can choose the best time to workout. Plus, clients can use any available equipment they have to do the workouts at home. The cost is typically significantly less too.
Mohamed Shaalan will be messaging their clients each week or over Skype to check in on their progress and making sure that they are completing their workouts, and clients will not even have to be in the same country as Mohamed to be trained. Mohamed doesn't use anabolic steroids or any performance enhancing drugs with their clients. They will guide their clients on how to eat right and exercise properly along with health and fitness advice. They don't offer medical advice, however.
They give expert advice on how to build more muscles, burn fat, lose weight and tone muscles for both men and women, and offers fast fitness consultations for free. For 30 minutes Skype consultation, however, they charge 15 USD. Fitness program prices range from $47 to $99 in competitive packages.
About Mohamed Shaalan
Mohamed Shaalan is a pharmacist, certified personal trainer, fitness nutrition specialist and lifestyle weight management specialist with more than 15 years of experience in the fitness industry whose whole life is focused on health and fitness. They enjoy working with a variety of different people. As a Personal Trainer, they help their clients to achieve their personal health and fitness goals through a personalized fitness and meal program at very affordable rates. They have thousands of worldwide followers and hundreds of happy customers. Facebook.com/NoSteroids
YouTube video: M. Shaalan – Online Personal Trainer: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqV8l0v3F6k
Media Contact
Mohamed Shaalan
Company: NoSteroids
Address: 25 Al Nozha Street, Golf Land, Heliopolis, Cairo, 11361, Egypt
Phone: +20 102 416 7383
Email: contact@nosteroids.net
Website: http://nosteroids.net
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
PLAYERS OF THE DAY
Trae Young is the name everyone knew as No. 12 Oklahoma head to Austin to take on Texas, but it was another first-year student point guard — Matt Coleman — who left as the star of the show.
Coleman finished with 22 points and a pair of assists, doing quite a bit of the work defensively on Young, who finished with 19 points and 14 assists but shot 7-for-22 from the floor and 2-for-14 from three.
It's great to see Coleman playing well. Texas is trying to cope with the fact that one of the players on the roster (sophomore Andrew Jones) is in a battle with leukemia, and that means that more of the load has been hoisted upon Coleman. He's answered the call.
So has Kerwin Roach, who finished with 19 points, four boards and four assists. He's become arguably the best perimeter player for the Longhorns in recent weeks, scoring at least 16 points in five of the six games since returning from injury.
THE REST OF SATURDAY'S STARS
SHAMORIE PONDS, St. John's : Ponds finished with 33 points — including a pair of massive shots in the final 75 seconds — as the Johnnies knocked off No. 4 Duke at home.
: Ponds finished with 33 points — including a pair of massive shots in the final 75 seconds — as the Johnnies knocked off No. 4 Duke at home. COLLIN SEXTON, Alabama : Sexton finished with 17 points, eight boards, six assists, two steals and a block as the Crimson Tide went into Gainesville and knocked off No. 23 Florida by 18 points.
: Sexton finished with 17 points, eight boards, six assists, two steals and a block as the Crimson Tide went into Gainesville and knocked off No. 23 Florida by 18 points. JEROD HARPER, Auburn : 14 points and 14 assists isn't a bad night. That's what Harper did as Auburn whipped up on Vanderbilt.
: 14 points and 14 assists isn't a bad night. That's what Harper did as Auburn whipped up on Vanderbilt. JOCK LANDALE, Saint Mary's : Landale was terrific, finishing with 34 points, 18 boards and four assists as No. 13 Saint Mary's won at San Diego.
: Landale was terrific, finishing with 34 points, 18 boards and four assists as No. 13 Saint Mary's won at San Diego. TREVON BLUIETT, Xavier: Bluiett finished with 31 points on 9-for-16 shooting on Saturday as the Musketeers held off Georgetown. They made this shot to force the overtime.
TEAM OF THE DAY
Oklahoma State desperately needed to win at No. 7 Kansas on Saturday if they wanted any chance of getting back to the NCAA tournament this season, and they did just that.
The Pokes were up by as many as 18 points in the first half, as the Jayhawks spent 40 minutes playing like they thought all they had to do to win at home was to show up. Kendall Smith led the way with 24 points, five boards and five assists for OSU while Cameron McGriff chipped in with 20 points.
This is the third game that Kansas has lost in Phog Allen this year. Bill Self entered the season having lost just 11 times in that building in their tenure with Kansas.
Kansas, on the other hand, is now tied with Texas Tech for first place in the Big 12.
GAME OF THE DAY
I don't know how Indiana did it, but somehow they shot 28.8 percent from the floor and 4-for-19 from three and still managed to have a potential game-tying heave at the buzzer bounce off the back of the rim.
The Spartans got up double-figures early and seemed to throw this thing into cruise control. The Hoosiers slowly but surely chipped away, creating another mind-bending stat: Michigan State, with the biggest front line in college basketball, finished with 29 total rebounds and just three offensive boards on Saturday while Indiana had 25 offensive rebounds despite starting a front line that stands 6-foot-6 and 6-foot-8.
The final score ended up being 63-60 despite Michigan State's best efforts to give this one away.
WTF???? OF THE DAY
St. John's entered Saturday having lost 11 straight games.
It is February, and the Red Storm do not own a single win in the Big East. It's been something of a disaster for Chris Mullin, one that has them fully on the hot seat.
So obviously, with No. 4 Duke coming to town, the Johnnies … played their best game of the year?
Shamorie Ponds popped off for 33 points while Bashir Ahem added 19 points and Tariq Owens chipped in with 17 as St. John's erased a seven-point halftime deficit to beat the Blue Devils. Duke was absolutely torched by Mike Krzyzewski after the game — and deservedly so — which has me asking: How is a team as talented as Duke is so reliant on Marvin Bagley III?
WHAT ELSE DO YOU NEED TO KNOW?
Remember when we thought that No. 21 Kentucky making that thrilling comeback and winning at West Virginia would be the turning point in their season? LOL. After needing overtime to beat Vanderbilt at home during the week, the Wildcats lost at Missouri in a game were the Tigers were more or less in control throughout. Kentucky was a trainwreck in the first half, digging themselves too big of a hole to dig out of. Kassius Robertson had 16 points and four assists to lead the way for Mizzou.
Whatever funk No. 10 Texas Tech was in earlier this year, they are out of it now. The Red Raiders won their fourth straight game on Saturday, knocking off TCU at TCU. The final score was 83-71, but it really wasn't that close.
Whatever funk No. 15 West Virginia was in the last three weeks, they look to be out of it now. The Mountaineers beat Kansas State by 38 points.
The two best teams in the SEC continue to be No. 18 Tennessee and No. 11 Auburn. The Volunteers absolutely smashed Ole Miss on Saturday, eventually winning by 33 points, while the Tigers held off Vanderbilt at home. It's a shame these two teams already played this season. It didn't get near the fan fare it deserved.
Deandre Hunter had 15 points and six assists off the bench for No. 2 Virginia as they knocked off Syracuse, 59-44.
Corey Sanders went for 31 points, seven boards and three assists, but it wasn't enough as No. 3 Purdue beat Rutgers in Piscataway, 78-76.
No. 19 North Carolina got back to their winning ways, snapping a three-game losing streak against Pitt. The most noteworthy part? Theo Pinson was healthy, finished with 13 points and eight assists and played as the back-up point guard.
Jacob Evans had 19 points as No. 8 Cincinnati knocked off UConn in Hartford.
Isaiah Washington did everything they could — 26 points in total — to get Minnesota a win in Ann Arbor, but it was not meant to be. No. 24 Michigan won 76-73 in overtime.
By Rotimi Ojomoyela
Ado-Ekiti-The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ekiti State has nominated former Executive Chairman of Ado-Ekiti Local Government, Chief Adebisi Adegboyega Egbeyemi, as the deputy governorship candidate of the party.
A statement from JKF Campaign office in Ado-Ekiti disclosed that Egbeyemi was picked as the candidate in late hours of Wednesday, after party leaders met for long hours to consider who is best suited to pair with former Governor and immediate past Minister of Mines an Steel Development, Dr Kayode Fayemi, to fly the party's flag in the governorship contest.
The Statement which was signed by Wole Olujobi said, Egbeyemi's choice came after speculations by the expectant public spread that certain eminent indigenes of the state had been picked to fly the ticket with Fayemi in the July 14, 2018 governorship poll.
Egbeyemi, an indigene of Ado-Ekiti, was born on May 8, 1944 to the family of the late Egbeyemi Alade and late Madam Tinubu Egbeyemi.
They started their education at the Holy Trinity Anglican School, Ilawe-Ekiti and Baptist School, Ado-Ekiti, after which they attended Harding Memorial Modern School, Ado-Ekiti.
They studied privately while working as a Laboratory Assistant at Ekitiparapo College, Ido-Ekiti, and while working as a bursar at Notre Dame Grammar School, Usi-Ekiti, Egbeyemi sat as a private student to pass both the GCE O'Level and Advanced Level examinations.
They later proceeded to the University of Lagos College of Education where they graduated in Biology and Physical Education with distinction. They taught briefly at the St Mary's Girls Secondary School, Ikole-Ekiti, in 1975 before they were transferred to the Teachers' College, Oye-Ekiti, as a pioneer Physical Education tutor between 1975 and 1977.
They later went to the University of Ife to read Law between 1977 and 1980 before proceeding to the Law School in Lagos for their Barrister at Law certificate and was called to the Nigerian Bar in 1981 as a Solicitor and Advocate of the Supreme Court of Nigeria.
Their political experiences spanned many fields, including the Youth Leader of the Unity Party of Nigeria (UPN) between 1979 and 1983; a member of the Ondo State House of Assembly in 1983; and Executive Chairman of Ado-Ekiti Local Government between 1991 and 1993.
Others include Leader of the United Nigeria Congress Party (UNCP) in Ado-Ekiti Local Government between 1996 and 1997 and was founding member of the Alliance for Democracy (AD), using the platform to win the House of Representatives election that was cancelled by the late Head of State, General Sani Abacha, in 1998.
Between 1991 and 1992, they were Commissioner of Education and between 2001 and 2002, Egbeyemi was a member of the Governing Council of the National Teachers' Institute, Kaduna.
A receiver of many awards, the lawyer was appointed the Commissioner for Justice and Attorney General between 2002 and 2003.
They were a founding member and Leader of the Action Congress in Ado-Ekiti Local Government and currently a foremost leader of the Progressives Congress (APC) in Ekiti State.
A top chieftaincy titleholder in Ado-Ekiti, Egbeyemi is married with children.
MUNICH, Germany, April 13 A $65 billion merger contract between industrial gases groups Linde and Praxair will not be ready as planned by Linde's annual shareholder meeting on May 10, a source familiar with the situation told Reuters on Thursday.
The Business Combination Agreement will still take weeks to complete due to legal complexities, the person said.
A Linde spokesperson said the German and U.S. rivals were still working to get the agreement finalised before the AGM but could not rule out that it would be later. (Reporting by Jens Hack; Writing by Georgina Prodhan; Editing by Kathrin Jones and Christoph Steitz)
March 29 Omega Healthcare Investors Inc:
* Omega Healthcare Investors announces redemption of its outstanding 5.875% senior notes due 2024
* Omega Healthcare - will redeem outstanding notes at a redemption price of 102.938% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest
* Omega Healthcare Investors Inc - it will redeem all of outstanding $400 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.875% senior notes due 2024 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 28 Gold prices steadied on Tuesday as investors looked to see if U.S. President Donald Trump will be able to enact promised tax cuts and infrastructure spending, taking the dollar off multi-month lows. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold was mostly unchanged at $1,254.12 per ounce at 0102 GMT, after touching $1,261.03, the highest in a month, in the previous session. * U.S. gold futures inched down 0.1 percent to $1,253.9. * Asian stocks pulled ahead on Tuesday after Wall Street steadied and the dollar bounced from a four-month-low, as concern over Trump's setback on their healthcare reform bill gave away to tentative hopes for the U.S. President's planned stimulus policies. * Trump suffered a major reversal when Republican leaders pulled legislation to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system. The blow unnerved financial markets, heightening worries about the chances of enacting tax reforms and big spending packages. * Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert Kaplan said on Monday that they will support further interest rate hikes if the U.S. economy continues to make progress towards its goals of full employment and 2-percent inflation. * The case for four interest rate hikes in the United States this year is not yet solid and would require a stronger lift in inflation, Chicago Federal Reserve Bank President Charles Evans said at an event in Madrid. * Evans said they saw three rate hikes in 2017 as "plausible", but added that two or four increases were also a possibility. * Kenya's bourse admitted its first ever exchange traded fund (ETF) on Monday, a cross-listing of the Barclays NewGold ETF, which was originally listed in South Africa. * Russia, Kazakhstan raise gold holdings in February -IMF * China's net-gold imports via main conduit Hong Kong surged 50.8 percent month-on-month in February, data showed on Monday. * A Canadian gold coin named "Big Maple Leaf" which bears the image of Queen Elizabeth II was stolen in the early hours of Monday morning from Berlin's Bode Museum. DATA AHEAD (GMT) 1230 U.S. Adv Goods Trade Balance Feb 1400 U.S. Consumer Confidence Mar 1400 U.S. Rich Fed Comp index Mar (Reporting by Arpan Varghese in Bengaluru; Editing by Richard Pullin)
ebooks online_1
End
-- New Delhi January 02:MBD Group is the biggest publishing house across the nation that keeps a vision"An MBD Product for every literate" and works accordingly. A series of books have been introduced for the students of all the grades from pre-primary to higher secondary grades. Safalta ka sadhan Books are among some well reckoned series of books.Any kind of book is capable of changing life of reader. It is the influence of words and the meaning these convey to the reader that leaves changing impressions. A book could be biography, novels, educational books or anything. Irrespective of the changes books have been source of knowledge and use of K-XII Books is making the significance more evident. Education, without any doubt has gone through several changes yet the use of books remained same.Books of safta ka Sadhan, source of success, are assured to provide students qualitative content with comprehensive concepts and perceivable illustrations. In the vogue of online books, there is barely any effect on the importance of books in student's life. As these books are compiled in guidance of expert educationists. Their experience of years makes it possible to understand the learning needs of students very well and present books in such a way there is more to learn with fewer complexities.Imparting education to every corner could become possible when the source of education are made available through plaint medium. To avail educational books to students in the most convenient manner, books on different categories are displayed on Online Books Store. Students can easily find their books with the use of search option and read out description about the books. Besides books, to provide complete educational assistance to the students at a place, online stationery and kits such as science and maths kits are also made available.Contact Information:MBDGROUPContact Number: +23317931, 23318301Contact info@mbdalchemie.comWebsite: http://mbdgroup.com/ modren-publishers.html
MELBOURNE Speculation that Western Force may be competing in their last season of Super Rugby is starting to affect players at the battling Perth-based team, according to Wallabies winger Dane Haylett-Petty.
Local media reported last week that the Force would be one of the teams cut from the troubled competition following a meeting of the tournament's governing body SANZAAR in London last month.
The Force management and the Australian Rugby Union rejected the report and said no cuts to any of Australia's five teams had been agreed to.
The Force lost their fourth match of the season to the Auckland Blues at Eden Park on Saturday but fought hard to the end of the 24-15 loss.
"Last week was probably the first time where you could see it was affecting a few of the boys," Haylett-Petty said.
"It was the first time the pressure really came on the Force.
"It definitely influences a few of the boys. But everyone handled it quite well."
Speculation has also swirled around the future of the Canberra-based ACT Brumbies and the Melbourne Rebels, the last Australian team to join Super Rugby in 2011.
The Australian conference's struggles in recent seasons has been blamed in part for the tournament becoming increasingly lopsided and a number of former players and media pundits have argued the nation lacks the playing depth and finances to support five teams.
None of the teams have managed a win over the dominant New Zealand sides after six weeks of the current season.
The Force, who are currently owned and operated by the ARU, have launched a campaign to raise A$5 million-$10 million ($3.80 million-$7.6 million) in funds from private supporters in a bid to buy back the license and secure their future in the competition.
"The tough thing is each week there's been a new report of something that's being leaked," Haylett-Petty said.
"Two weeks before it was the Rebels and the Brumbies and then last week it was the Force.
"Things are just popping up because there's all this uncertainty surrounding it.
"At the moment we can't really count on any information that's coming out. We'll have to wait and see what happens."
On March 11, governing body SANZAAR, which is made up of the Australian, New Zealand, South Africa and Argentina rugby unions, said it would reveal the 18-team tournament's future format "in coming days" following final consultations with stakeholders.
Nearly a month has passed with no further update.
($1 = 1.3151 Australian dollars)
(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
Katherine Bell made a strong first impression in powering Petron to a 25-18, 23-25, 25-16, 25-23 victory over Cocolife in Game 1 of their Chooks to Go-Philippine Superliga (PSL) Grand Prix best-of-three semifinals series on Tuesday at the Filoil Flying V Centre.
Coming in as a late replacement to Hillary Hurley, Bell was simply impressive as they shone brightest at the attack zone to give Petron an early lead in this blockbuster showdown bankrolled by UCPB Gen and Isuzu with ESPN5 as official broadcast partner.
Should Petron win Game 2 on Thursday, it will clash with the victor of the other semifinal pairing between reigning champion F2 Logistics and Foton, who are still clashing at press time.
Bell, a versatile 25-year old spiker who led University of Texas to four Final Four appearances including a title in the NCAA in 2012, came through with 27 attacks to finish with 29 points for the Blaze Spikers, who are looking to redeem themselves after falling short in the finals last year.
Former Most Valuable Player awardee Lindsay Stalzer was also stunning as they chipped in 19 kills, two aces and two blocks for 23 hits while Mika Reyes and Frances Molina tallied nine and eight markers, respectively.
“What happened to us in the finals (last year) was a lesson learned,” said Petron coach Shaq Delos Santos, who is looking to bring their team back to the finals of this tourney that also has Mikasa, Senoh, Asics, LGR and Grand Sport as technical sponsors for fifth consecutive year.
“We don't want it to happen. Despite this win, we will still work hard and polish our lapses in our game.”
Delos Santos added that the gamble they made in bringing in a new import in Bell appears to be paying off.
“She just arrived last week and has been with us for only nine days. We're so lucky that the schedule was adjusted so we had time to adjust. Anyway, it wasn't a major adjustment. She's very jolly and easy to get along.”
After cruising to a first set win, the Blaze Spikers found themselves in trouble as Serbians Sara Klisura and Marta Drpa rallied the Asset Managers to a 21-17 lead in the second set.
Petron managed to tie it at 21 before Klisura connected on a booming kill followed by an ace from Jane Gonzales to give Cocolife on the verge of knotting the match at 1-1.
“We were relaxed in the second set,” Delos Santos said. “Good thing we managed to recover in the third set. We will study all our lapses in the second set and improve it next game, especially our passing and reception.”
Drpa tallied 26 points while Klisura chipped in 18 markers for Cocolife, which is looking to make it to the finals for the first time since joining the league last year.
Games Tomorrow:
(Filoil Flying V Centre)
4:15 pm – F2 Logistics vs Foton
7:00 pm – Petron vs Cocolife
“Even worse, in keeping with the Polish Tax Code approved a year ago, the Polish taxmen do not need to worry about things like rules of confidentiality normally honored by lawyers, doctors, journalists, tax councilors and even priests, as is evident from a complaint to this effect the country's human rights ombudsman has just lodged with the Constitutional Court,” Dudek said in an interview with Sputnik Poland.
Theoretically, the court can disregard evidence obtained through the violation of professional secrecy or as a result of wiretapping or shadowing.
“The breach of professional secrecy is not seen as a violation of the citizens' constitutional rights mentioned in the ombudsman's complaint to the Constitutional Court though,” Dudek noted.
As it turns out, the head of the National Tax Authority is free to authorize eavesdropping procedures based on randomly selected materials without informing the affected company about its decision, they added.
The NTA argues that even though most of its actions do not look entirely ethical, this is being done to ensure the country's financial stability and go after those who bend the existing tax laws.
The Constitutional Court is still expected to side with the authors of the Tax Code, especially now that tax revenues have gone up by 15 percent since January and tax officials have inspected 125,000 heavy trucks over the same period, or about 1,000 a day.
The National Tax Authority was established in March 2017 as a result of a merger of the customs, tax and internal revenue services.
“It is doing a great job, no doubt about that, save for the insignificant fact that in the process of doing this it is violating people's fundamental rights and freedoms,” Tomasz Dudek concluded.
© Photo: Pixabay
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Europe
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Amalgam Carrier Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report A. Schweickhardt, A. Titan Instruments, AMERICAN EAGLE INSTRUMENTS, ASA DENTAL, Carl Martin, Daniel Kurten, DoWell Dental Products, FASA GROUP, G. Hartzell & Son, Guilin Woodpecker Medical Instrument, Helmut Zepf Medizintechnik, Hu-Friedy, J&J Instruments, Karl Schumacher, MEDESY, Nordent Manufacturing, Otto Leibinger, Shufa Dental, Sklar Instruments, Smith Care.
The report begins with introducing the global Amalgam Carrier market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Amalgam Carrier report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-amalgam-carrier-market/5912/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Amalgam Carrier Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Single, Double.
Amalgam Carrier Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Hospital, Clinic, Other.
Key points in the Amalgam Carrier Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-amalgam-carrier-market/5912/#inquiry
From all of this Amalgam Carrier market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Amalgam Carrier market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Amalgam Carrier distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
“He calls my husband threatening to hurt both of us. They have been physical in the past, pulled a gun on me,” said a petition filed by the victim.
An Alabama woman twice asked a judge to order their ex-husband to surrender their guns because of alleged abuse, but, the appeal was denied both the times.
Now they are dead.
Darwin Brazier, a 43-year-old resident of Ardmore, Alabama, was accused of fatally shooting three people in Limestone County.
According to the county sheriff's office, Brazier used a semi-automatic SKS rifle with a high-capacity magazine to kill their ex-wife, their new husband and their roommate.
The gunman later also killed himself, as they were found dead with self-inflicted wounds in neighboring Madison County, authorities said.
According to the Decatur Daily, the shooter's ex-wife, Debra Ann Rivera, had twice attempted to get a judge to order Brazier to surrender their weapons because of their abusive nature.
For instance, in Rivera's latest petition in which they sought help from Judge Chad Wise, they mentioned how Brazier was stalking them and that they called them so frequently that they had to change their phone number. “He calls my husband threatening to hurt both of us,” Rivera, 41, wrote in the court filing. “(He) drives by my house all hours of day to check where I am.  They are upset I am now married and don't want to be with him. They have been physical in the past, pulled a gun on me. … I know they have anger toward me and in past has caused physical pain to me.”
In response, the judge granted their request but on a temporary basis. After a month, Wise terminated the temporary order and denied their request for a permanent order.
As per the court documents, after a rocky marriage, Rivera and Brazier parted ways in 2005. The two reconciled later and had two daughters, ages 11 and 5. Then began the tardy process of custody proceedings, in which ultimately Rivera got to keep the girls.
Brazier was granted visitation rights.
“All of this activity has been going on for a year but has become worse since I was given custody of the kids,” Rivera wrote in their abuse petition.
The woman who summoned the deputies to the murder scene, said they got a text from Brazier saying they had just killed their ex-wife and the others and also that they were going to kill himself.
"This was an unnecessary and unfortunate escalation of what appears to be a long-term history of domestic violence," said Sheriff Mike Blakely in a news release. "Domestic violence doesn't distinguish between communities; it can happen anywhere. It's important that people are vigilant in reporting instances of domestic violence that they witness, and that victims report domestic abuse as well. We always remain hopeful that vigilance in these circumstances can prevent escalation to the point of senseless tragedies like this."
However, in this case, the woman did reach out for help, but apparently, the judges disregarded their constant pleas, probably assuming they were crying wolf over some domestic issue. But their fears turned out to be true and now they have lost their lives – a death which could have been avoided if only their claims were taken seriously.
Read More Over Half Of All Murdered Women Are Slain By An Intimate Partner
Banner/Thumbnail Credits: Pixabay
The UK's shock election result has thrown an unlikely spotlight on Northern Ireland. Theresa May's poor Conservative result means their party has turned to the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), a rightwing, pro-British group, to reach a parliamentary majority.
The country, which comprises most of the ancient Irish provinces of Ulster, has found itself in headlines all over the world. But amid the politics, and suggestions the DUP's sudden rise to fame could destabilize its fragile peace, Northern Ireland's future rests more firmly on the terms Britain can broker for its impending exit from the European Union. More than most, a small but striking tech scene is hoping it can continue on a path of impressive success.
Northern Ireland may only have 1.9 million inhabitants but it has long fostered a reputation for research and IT, helped in no small part by its established and forward-thinking higher education system. Graduate talent is strong, with institutions including Queen's University Belfast, ranked a top ten British research-intensive university.
The country's Assured Skills Programme is a project of Invest Northern Ireland and the Department for the Economy. It ensures that each investor's workforce is equipped with the skillsets specific to that business, with financial assistance provided by Northern Ireland's Department for the Economy: a model that has been used in areas such as data analytics, software development and testing, cybersecurity, 2D animation and game development.
In 2008 Queen's created the UK's Centre for Secure Information Technologies (CSIT) on Queen's Island, a former wasteland at the harbor of capital city Belfast that plays host to a number of facilities including a Titanic-themed visitor center and film studios. It caters to one of Europe's brightest cybersecurity sectors that now employs over 1,200 people.
Belfast-based cybersecurity firm Proofpoint played a big hand in preventing the spread of a May ransomware attack that wreaked havoc on hundreds of institutions including the UK's National Health Service. Other firms, including Black Duck, Rapid 7, Whitehat and Alert Logic have been busy winning customers all over the world.
CSIT's foundation was one of the local tech scene's biggest catalysts, says Steve Harper, executive director for international business at Invest Northern Ireland, a regional development agency. It is “the UK's national innovation and knowledge centre for cybersecurity and home to an impressive hub of security verification and authentication technology businesses. It is a place where top-level academic researchers and start-ups regularly collaborate with some the largest US firms in Northern Ireland.”
Invest Northern Ireland is a core financial supporter of a recently-announced £40m ($51m) cash injection into CSIT. “Cybersecurity and the tech industries are rapidly becoming to Northern Ireland what the shipbuilding, linen and rope making industries were to our region a century ago,” adds Harper.
In fact CSIT and the Northern Ireland Science Park (NISP), a cluster of over 110 tech companies bolstering Belfast's reputation for research and innovation, are situated just yards from the building site of the city's most infamous vessel, the Titanic.
But unlike the Titanic's fated maiden voyage, Belfast and Northern Ireland's tech scene can look to calmer tides. As well as security the country enjoys booming scenes in fintech, data analytics and blockchain services. Northern Ireland enjoyed 34% gross value added (GVA) between 2010 and 2014.
On the face of it Northern Ireland's investment scene looks bright too. Groups like Techstart NI, Kernel Capital, Crescent Capital and CoFund NI are helping companies get off the ground. But dig a little deeper and there are issues. HALO, the country's biggest angel network, recently stopped operating. Invest Northern Ireland-backed StartPlanet has also disappeared and Techstart NI is said to be on the verge of collapse.
Those funds that remain are attracted to a workforce that, while highly skilled, earns far less than counterparts elsewhere in the UK. In Greater London the top 5% of developers earn over £98,000 annually ($125,000), whereas over half of developers in Northern Ireland–along with the Midlands and Wales–make less than £35,000 (£45,000).
According to the survey, by online community Stack Overflow, 64% of respondents in Northern Ireland felt “greatly” or “somewhat underpaid”.
Marty Neill, CEO of e-commerce software vendor AirPOS, sees a mixture of positives and negatives in Northern Ireland's wage structure. “We are often sold as a highly educated, low cost workforce but I think we're better than that,” they say. “People in Northern Ireland are fiercely loyal, tenacious and intelligent. We deserve better than the low wage economy we have now…The low wages attract companies from outside who then come in and inflate the wages.”
The biggest challenge facing local entrepreneurs is, they argue, funding. Local VCs, when they can be found, tend to err on the side of caution, like so many in Europe. This “restricts a lot of the companies in their ability to move fast and, more importantly, grow fast,” says Neill. The scene is, they add, “getting bigger surely, but not as quickly as it could be.”
Things are made more complicated by the close proximity of Dublin, the Republic of Ireland's capital, whose favorable tax regimes have lured in a number of tech's biggest players. “We end up with some,” says Neill. “But certainly not the cream.”
In response Northern Ireland has built some formidable infrastructure. The country has the highest density of fiber in Europe and its 100GB/second transatlantic and terrestrial communications link “provides the shortest and fastest international connection from North America to Europe,” says Harper.
“Unaffected by disruptions to telecoms in London and Dublin, the region provides a solution for disaster recovery and business continuity for international companies,” they add. “It also has the highest availability of super-fast broadband in the UK.”
Outside of tech Northern Ireland's economy has been struggling. In December Ulster University reported that its economy will grow by just 1% this year and in 2018. However consumer spending will ensure the country avoids a recession.
Most people in Northern Ireland are therefore looking tentatively to the DUP's upcoming power-share in Westminster, as hope for more investment in the country. The DUP is “known to have considerable reservations about some aspect of Making Tax Digital [a government online tax scheme]; particularly the access problem that individuals in the rural parts of Northern Ireland have to high speed broadband,” says RSM tax consultant Andrew Hubbard.
The party's hardline anti-abortion, anti-gay stances will do little to enthuse liberal entrepreneurs from making the country home. But the DUP's newfound kingmaker status will ensure that Northern Ireland is not forgotten during the upcoming Brexit talks with the EU.
“Contrary to popular belief, the Brexit referendum result did not stop the flow of foreign direct investment into Northern Ireland,” says Harper. “In fact, since the referendum, Invest Northern Ireland has attracted 60 per cent more new inward investment projects than the year previous–with the vast majority from the US.”
“With or without Brexit, Northern Ireland is well placed to play a critical role in providing the industry much of the talent it needs to perform these critical duties and an opportunity to help solve global problems,” they add. “Today Belfast is the number one global location for cybersecurity inward investment, and the top international location for US companies in the sector. Belfast is also the number one destination city globally for financial services technology projects.
“It is very much business as usual.”
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
A video clip of an elderly woman dancing to an old Bollywood song is surprisingly going viral on social media as people seem to be enjoying their enthusiasm and love for dance.The video has put the spotlight on the old lady as they show their graceful moves on an old Hindi classic song.She is dancing on a song sung by Lata Mangeshkar from the 1956 film Parivaar.The dance steps and refined expressions of the unknown woman has moved viewers.The video posted on December 6 has received over 3.5 million views.Video courtesy: Mana Stars-Facebook
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
A man has been banned from driving for 12 years and sentenced to 18 months in prison after they crashed into a parked garda car and almost knocked down two pedestrians during a high speed chase.
24-year-old Patrick Moran with an address at Kilcohan Park in Waterford, had pleaded guilty to endangerment, criminal damage, having no licence or insurance on 13 November 2016, and six counts of dangerous driving at various locations in the city and county on the same date.
They were disqualified from driving at the time.
Judge Eugene O'Kelly said there was a substantial risk of death” to the gardaí and the pedestrians.
They were given a two-year sentence for endangerment, with the final six months suspended.
They also received a number of concurrent sentences of less than one year for the dangerous driving charges.
Share it:
Don't Miss
LONDON, April 30 Iran said on Sunday it was now self-sufficient in petroleum production as President Hassan Rouhani opened a refinery in the southern city of Bandar Abbas.
The Persian Gulf Star refinery has the capacity to produce 12 million litres of Euro IV petrol. Once fully operational, the refinery will produce 36 million litres of petrol.
"By the opening of the first phase of this refinery an old dream came true ... We are self-sufficient in petrol production and in near future we will be able to export," Rouhani was quoted as saying by the oil ministry's news agency SHANA.
Khatam al Anbia Construction Headquarters (KAA) the engineering arm of the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps (IRGC) was one of the main contractors of the project.
(Reporting by Bozorgmehr Sharafedin, editing by David Evans)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Global Grind
Spent my morning watching @travispastrana break a world record by doing a 75-foot wide backflip for the launch of our @nitrocircus tour! pic.twitter.com/KGrovqx1JF — Karma Bertelsen (@karmabertelsen) October 5, 2017
Extreme sports riderpulled an epic move in London on Thursday. The daredevil executed a backflip jump over a 75 feet gap between two barges on London's River Thames. They only had 150 feet to accelerate before the jump and 36 feet to come to a stop before they would have fallen in the river. The last man who tried to perform a similar stunt, suffered serious injuries . You can check out Pastrana pull the move successfully below.
Pastrana is set to tour for their live European stunt show “Nitro Circus” in November and December. So it seems more stunts like this are sure to come!
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
PARIS/DUBAI, April 10 IranAir may get its first new Boeing jetliner a year earlier than expected under a deal to replace cash-strapped Turkish Airlines, Iranian media and industry sources said.
Iran had been expected to receive the first of 80 aircraft ordered from the U.S. planemaker in April 2018, but at least one brand-new aircraft is reported to be sitting unused because it is no longer needed by the Turkish carrier.
Industry sources said Boeing was in negotiations to release at least one 777-300ER originally built for Turkish Airlines, which is deferring deliveries due to weaker traffic following last year's failed coup attempt in Turkey.
Boeing and the airlines involved were not immediately available for comment.
Iran's Deputy Roads and Urban Development Minister Asghar Fakhrieh Kashan told the semi-official Mehr news agency the first Boeing 777 aircraft would reach Tehran within a month.
It would be the first new U.S.-built jet delivered to Iran since the 1979 Islamic revolution.
The long-haul 777 is worth $347 million at list prices but is likely to have been sold for less than half that, according to industry estimates.
IranAir has also ordered 100 aircraft from Europe's Airbus under a deal to lift most sanctions in return for curbs on Iran's nuclear programme.
Its return to the aviation market after decades of sanctions comes at a time when airlines elsewhere are having second thoughts about purchases due to concerns about the economy and looming over-capacity among wide-body jets.
That trend has made a number of unused jets available for quick delivery at competitive prices, including three Airbus jets recently delivered to Iran, and has allowed IranAir to jump the usual waiting list of several years.
The government of pragmatist President Hassan Rouhani is seen as keen to showcase results from the sanctions deal ahead of a May election at which challengers include hardline Shi'ite cleric Ebrahim Raisi.
Aviation sources say the first aircraft were paid directly from Iranian funds, but doubts remain over credit financing needed to secure almost 180 jets still on order.
Western banks continue to shy away from financing deals between IranAir and Western companies, fearing U.S. banking sanctions that remain in force or a new chill in relations between Tehran and the West under U.S. President Donald Trump.
Boeing has stressed the benefits to U.S. jobs of the plane deals.
IranAir is meanwhile negotiating the purchase of 20 European turboprop planes from ATR. (Reporting by Tim Hepher and Dubai newsroom; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath)
Bad Blood 2003 featured plenty of memorable moments like Mick Foley refereeing a Hell In A Cell match and still bleeding all over the place. Some fans will always remember the segments between Eric Bischoff and Steve Austin where they took part in the Redneck Triathlon.
Bruce Prichard recently discussed Bad Blood 2003 in-depth on Something To Wrestle With and talked about the reasoning behind the segment. They had huge stars who where feuding but couldn't work a match and on top of that, there was also an issue with creative at the time.
"Okay, lemme preface this with I talked to a few people that were working with me during this timeframe in the company," Bruce Prichard explained as they admitted "parts of it that were extremely brutal. I'm going back to jog my memory on this, 'what the hell were we doing here?' We all had the general consensus of this was a time in the company where creative even hated creative.
"We were trying to get by. We were writing shows to get through the next day and just be done with it and move on to the next week. It was painful sometimes but it was not always the best and the triathlon, the Redneck Triathlon was you had Steve [Austin] who was going through some injury stuff so Steve couldn't take any offense. Steve could give somebody something but they couldn't take anything. So Steve was being protected that way from physicality. Now you've got Eric [Bischoff] who was a heel and Vince wanted to keep Steve good and they had to have them both on TV all the time."
See Also Steve Austin Has A Problem With How Crowds Use The What Chant
Austin and Bischoff were key figures in WWE's television programming at the time. However, WWE creative had to devise a way for the two pro wrestling legends to face off against each other without getting physical in the ring, so they just envisioned the two playing a few games instead.
"We had an idea early on of what it could be," Prichard continued explaining how the Redneck Triathlon was created. "They could compete in an Olympics of sorts in Texas, you know? The Texas Olympics. Then Vince came up with the Redneck Triathlon and that's how we came to it."
In the end, The Redneck Triathlon consisted of three events: a belching contest, a pie eating contest, and a pigpen contest. The belching was prerecorded and over-the-top, Mae Young ended up hitting Bischoff with a bronco buster in the pie eating contest, and the pigpen contest was supposed to be a singing contest with ZZ Top getting involved, but plans were changed and they just decided to throw Bischoff into a messy pigpen full of nastiness. Austin ended up winning the Redneck Triathlon after they picked up the first and third events but forfeited the second because they decided to hit Mae Young with a Stone Cold Stunner instead. Prichard noted that "the original ideas behind it were different than what actually took place."
If you use any portion of the quotes in this article please credit Something To Wrestle With Bruce Prichard with a H/T to Wrestling Inc for the transcription
Source: Something To Wrestle With
Man who poured boiling water over Hastings co-worker's head for taking a slice of sausage deported
The incident, that was caught on camera, took place in the lunchroom of a Turners and Growers pack house in Whakatu, near Hastings, in July 2015.
Hatters midfielder Jonathan Smith admitted they never wanted to leave Luton despite struggling to win a place in the team earlier in the season.
The 30-year-old only started once during Town's first 22 league games this term, with boss Nathan Jones revealing they had received a number of offers from other clubs for their services.
If I get one minute, I'll come on and give my best for one minute, I'm not the type of lad to sulk. Jonathan Smith
However, Smith was back in for the 2-1 win over Barnet on New Year's Eve and has since begun six of Luton's last nine matches in the division.
When asked if ending their four and a bit year stint at Kenilworth Road had ever crossed their mind, Smith said: “No, one hundred per cent, I wanted to battle for my place.
“Until someone tells me I'm not good enough for the club anymore, I'll keep fighting on for the badge which I'll always give 100 per cent for.
“I want to get some success this year and if I play a little part or a big part, I'll just do my best.
“I really enjoy playing for this club and I'm desperate for a bit of success this season.
“I feel like we've got a really good squad, I'm enjoying playing with some really good players, and hopefully that continues as I love playing for this club.”
Smith, who had now played 169 games for the Hatters since arriving from York City in November 2012, still made nine appearances off the bench in Town's first 22 matches and played in seven cup ties too, starting five of them.
Being part of the match-day squad, they didn't feel their spell out of the team had been too difficult to deal with, as they continued: “I don't think it was too tough as the gaffer always kept me involved.
“I was coming on in most games and I was trying to contribute as much as I could.
“I's a team game at the end of the day, it's not about Jonathan Smith starting or anything like that. If I get one minute, I'll come on and give my best for one minute, I'm not the type of lad to sulk.
“If that's what the gaffer feels is right, he's a top manager, they know what's best for the team and I just keep myself ready when given the chance.”
Smith, who came off the bench just after the hour mark during last night's 3-0 win over Hartlepool, has been set the target of adding more goals to their game by boss Jones.
They came within inches of adding to their tally of 11 strikes for the club recently, thundering against the bar during the 5-2 win over Yeovil a week ago and added: “You don't get anything for a crossbar unfortunately, but I'll keep working hard on what the gaffer wants me to do.
“Obviously there are improvements, I'm playing in League Two and I'll work as hard as I can to improve.
“It's just about keeping it going, about consistency and that's the big thing that I like to pride myself on that I will give a solid performance work hard for the team, that's the main thing.”
Ctrl, the debut album by Top Dawg artist SZA, is so self-assured, so blunt and direct, that you'd never guess how circuitous its path to existence was. There were long stretches of album delays and conceptual reworks (the original title was A, to follow a series of themed mixtapes), not to mention long stretches of self-doubt during which they
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: SZA: How the Breakout R&B Star Conquered Self-Doubt and …read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
BRUSSELS The European Central Bank's policy guidance, including the expected order of its next steps, remains valid for now but could change if inflation fundamentals warrant, ECB Executive Board member Benoit Coeure said on Friday.
"Ultimately, also the choice of sequencing of policy instruments will be the outcome of our regular assessment of the medium-term price stability outlook, reflecting the state-dependent nature of our expectations of the horizon over which our policy instruments are likely to be maintained," Coeure said.
Economic data suggest that while growth risks have been reduced, underlying inflation is weak with price growth still dependent of the ECB's measures, Coeure added.
"In line with our forward guidance on the APP, this clearly suggests that current expectations on the intended horizon of our purchases, as encapsulated in our Introductory Statement, and on the sequencing of policy instruments, remain valid today," Coeure said.
Some policymakers have argued that the ECB could raise rates before it ends asset buys, a move that would be counter to its current guidance, but many others have dismissed such a discussion, calling the order is logical.
(Reporting by Francesco Canepa; Editing by Balazs Koranyi)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Parents could soon be entitled to double the amount of free child care they currently receive.
From September 2017, the current allowance of 15 hours available to all parents will double for those who work.
That is 30 hours of free child care for working parents of three and four-year-olds.
“Working” includes people who are in employment, are self-employed, and parents on zero hours contracts who meet the criteria.
Each parent - or sole parent in a one parent family - must earn the equivalent to 16 hours at the national minimum or living wage for the first three months after application.
The allowance does not apply to those who earn more than £100,000 a year.
(Image: Dominic Lipinski/PA Wire)
Families where one parent does not work, or neither parent works, will not usually be eligible.
There are a few exceptions, however, when a parent is on maternity or paternity leave or is on statutory sick leave.
The Department for Education is expecting 4,010 children across the county to take up the offer this financial year.
Parents can check their eligibility for the additional 15 hours the term before their child is due to start their funded 15 hours place.
The term children are able to start nursery depends upon when they are born:
* A child born between April 1 and August 31: September term intake
* A child born between September 1 and December 31: January term intake
* A child born between January 1 and March 31: April term intake
Watch: Sydney CBD high-rise engulfed with flames after scaffolding catches on fire
Workers have described the speed with which building lit up - "You could see balls of hay catching on fire."
OPINION
DAVID Leyonhjelm's hopes of fluking a third election to the Senate have been boosted by the controversy they started and has worked hard to prolong.
After a 40-year dismal trudge through unwelcoming political territory Mr Leyonhjelm would think he's finally playing with the grown-ups.
The "slut-shaming" argument with Greens senator Sarah Hanson-Young has brought them into the media big-time.
Once limited to appearances on zany and largely unwatched TV shows, they have in recent days been interviewed on mainstream programs such as Ten's The Project and ABC's 7.30.
It's national exposure they have not earned during four years in the Senate. They have taken more from federal politics than they have contributed and has been treated as a quirk at best.
But suddenly their quirkiness and fringe appeal are big news.
Important for him, they have been able to lay out their angry white man credentials, skilfully appealing to that frothing group and associated cranky electors.
Picking a fight with an outspoken woman from the Greens wouldn't hurt them with that group of voters.
And they need the exposure if they hope to win the election expected in the first half of next year.
Angela Bishop confronts David Leyonhjelm on Studio 10.
Mr Leyonhjelm's hope would be there is a significant NSW constituency determined to not support the major parties. They are favouring One Nation and right-wing independents and they want them to include them in their considerations.
Their party, the Liberal Democrats, is hardly a household name and nor is Mr Leyonhjelm. Or it wasn't until they insulted Senator Sarah Hanson-Young.
In the 2013 election they stood as a Liberal Democrat candidate, and had the good luck of the party being given the number one position on a long, long ballot paper for the NSW senators. There was confusion between the Liberal Party of Australia and the Liberal Democrats.
That helped the Liberal Democrat ticket reach a primary vote of close to 10 per cent - remarkable for a party which was little known and whose contribution to policy debate was non-existent. David Leyonhjelm directly received about 1600 votes.
They next contested the 2016 election and again got lucky.
It was a double-dissolution election which meant only half the quota of a regular, half Senate election was being needed.
That 10 per cent of 2013 dropped to just under four per cent and the Leyonhjelm vote went to 5400, but with preferences they were back in the Senate.
Next year, when it's again a normal half Senate election and a full quota required, they will need more than luck.
The problems for this strategy is that in the process they are harming their chances with 51 per cent of the electorate - women voters.
And it could be that the bracket of angry male voters they are counting on already knows of them from is appearances on their favoured political talk shows.
One other problem could be their running mate.
Former Labor leader Mark Latham, a Liberal Democrat since May last year, is considering standing for the party at the state or federal level.
If they tried for the Senate the better-known Mr Latham could crowd out Mr Leyonhjelm.
A mum is encouraging the people of Bedfordshire to join them for an incredi-bubble day out and support their local adult and children's hospice in memory of their son.
Roman James, who died in 2017 when they were just five years old, was supported by Keech Hospice Care, which cares for children in Bedfordshire, Hertfordshire and Milton Keynes and adults in Luton and south Bedfordshire.
Their mum, Scarlet, dad Ben, and brother Gabriel, from Cheddington, as well as 22 family and friends, are asking everyone to join them and walk, run or dance their way through eight scented bubble stations at Bubble Rush this month to support the charity which cared for him.
“I can't wait to run Keech's Bubble Rush on July 15 at Cranfield University because what better way is there to spend a Sunday than running through a giant bubble bath?” said Scarlet, who will be taking on the 5km challenge.
“When they were two, my son Roman was diagnosed with a rare neurodegenerative disease called Niemann Pick Type C. As parents, you're in a lonely place when your child is diagnosed with a rare disease. Keech Hospice Care helped us cope.”
During their short life, Roman gradually began to lose their ability to walk, talk and eat by himself. When it mattered the most for their family, Keech Hospice Care was there.
“Roman absolutely loved Keech, particularly the sensory room and we would often go swimming in the hospice's amazing hydrotherapy pool as well.
“We can never repay Keech Hospice Care for what they did for us, but we will do anything we can to help raise the money they need to ensure adults and children with terminal and life-limiting illnesses receive excellent care and support,” said Scarlet.
Dive Brief:
The Trump Administration will not challenge a lawsuit from several states seeking to uphold facility restrictions for transgender students in bathrooms and locker rooms, The New York Times reported Monday.
Critics slammed the move as a discriminatory action against transgender students who deserve equal protections, and view the decision as a potential precursor to a Supreme Court decision which could uphold the restrictions.
The White House abstention reverses course from a previous decision, which upheld the rights of transgender employees to use the bathroom of their choice.
Dive Insight:
Colleges remain at the center of laws which they cannot control and in many ways which they cannot enforce, but they have the obligation to serve as the hubs of intellectual and social goodwill. When faced with policies which impact campus climate or equality, presidents and leaders must ensure that the position of the campus is clear while respect and adherence to the law will be maintained.
President can expect protests and ill-will from students and advocates, and should begin having the conversations now with student activists about their positions and ways in which their dissatisfaction can be heard without tempers flaring or controversy stemming from their actions.
CAIRO: The Egyptian authorities have arrested 13 suspected “terrorists” allegedly planning to attack Christians and public institutions, the interior ministry said on Sunday, a week after deadly church bombings. The announcement came as Egypt's Christians marked Easter under tight security a week after Palm Sunday bombings claimed by the Islamic State group killed 45 people at churches in the cities of Tanta and Alexandria. The “13 terrorist elements” belonged to cells preparing attacks against “government and Christian institutions” and police in four northern provinces including Alexandria, a ministry statement said. It was not immediately clear when the arrests took place. Security forces have also discovered two farms in Alexandria and the neighbouring province of Beheira that were used to make explosives and store weapons, the ministry added. Egypt's Coptic Church said on Wednesday that it would cut back on Easter celebrations to a simple mass after the bombings.The jihadist group has threatened more attacks against Egypt's Christian minority.
AFP
MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. - As the Miami Open begins its final year in Key Biscayne, tennis star Serena Williams said she's leaving behind many great memories, but hopes to create all new ones as the tournament moves to Hard Rock Stadium.
A groundbreaking ceremony was held Monday at the Miami Gardens stadium that is home to the Miami Dolphins. Team owner Stephen Ross and Williams, who also has a stake in the Dolphins, were in attendance.
More Sports Headlines
It was announced in December that the Miami Open is moving to Miami Gardens in 2019 after 32 years at the Crandon Park Tennis Center.
Ross and Williams said they wanted the Miami Open to remain in South Florida, as it has since 1987, which is why Ross worked with Miami-Dade County Mayor Carlos Gimenez and IMG executives to bring the tournament to Hard Rock Stadium.
× 1 of 6 IMG 2 of 6 IMG 3 of 6 IMG 4 of 6 IMG 6 of 6 5 of 6 IMG 6 of 6 IMG IMG IMG IMG IMG AD IMG IMG
"I feel like Key Biscayne had some wonderful memories, especially for me, had some great times and great memories there and, you know, so many iconic moments (have) happened there," Williams said. "And now I feel like it's time to start new memories and new moments, and I feel it's going to be just as great."
Before relocating to Key Biscayne in 1987, the first tournament was held two years earlier in Delray Beach. It moved to Boca West the next year before leaving Palm Beach County for Key Biscayne.
Construction for the outer tennis courts -- about 30 in all -- is underway. The main tennis court will be inside the stadium, which will be converted before next March.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Get Business updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Work has started on an £11 million project to build 85 “affordable” homes on the site of a former factory in a Derbyshire town.
Last year, final approval by Erewash Borough Council paved the way for house-builder Westleigh and affordable housing provider EMH Group to redevelop the site of the former Gardner Aerospace factory, in Cotmanhay Road, Ilkeston.
Work has now started on building the homes following the demolition of the factory buildings.
The scheme is being funded by EMH Group, with contributions from Homes England and Erewash Borough Council.
Out of the 85 new homes, 55 will be available for affordable rent, 20 for shared ownership sale and 10 for rent-to-buy.
According the EMH Group, the scheme is part of a growth programme which will see it deliver 500 new homes year from 2019 onwards.
Chan Kataria, chief executive of EMH Group, said: “Our partnerships with Erewash Borough Council and Westleigh Partnerships are some of our most successful and continue to go from strength to strength.
“We are delighted that we are able to help meet the housing needs of the people in the borough in pursuing our mission to deliver the right homes in the right places.”
Erewash MP Maggie Throup recently visited the site to view the start of building work.
They said: “This site has been a hub of activity in the community for over 100 years, first as a goods yard for the Great Northern Railway, and latterly as Gardner Aerospace, which employed hundreds of local people.
“I am therefore delighted that EMH Group and its partners will be investing over £11million in building 85 new affordable homes on the site and giving it a new lease of life for the 21st century.”
Dan Gooch, partnerships and investment manager at Westleigh Partnerships, said: “We are pleased to be playing our part in delivering these affordable homes for the benefit of the community in Ilkeston.
“We would like to thank our partners at both EMH group and Erewash Borough Council for helping us to make the scheme a success.”
The first shared ownership homes are due to be completed by December and will be marketed by Hello Homes, the sales and marketing arm of EMH Group. The second and final phase will be completed by February 2020.
EMH Group said that, prior to its demolition, the derelict factory had become an eyesore and was attracting anti-social behaviour.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The site had been vacant ever since aerospace components firm Gardner moved away from the town in 2011 to multi-million-pound purpose-built premises at Victory Park, in Derby. It did so to be closer to a key customer, Rolls-Royce.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Trump, Putin, Xi and the rise of nostalgic nationalism
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
People on Twitter expressed mixed feelings about Jim Carrey's cartoonish painting that appeared to depict White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
Jim Carrey is most famously known as an actor and comedian; however, most recently they have become recognized as a political activist and artist.
They have tweeted several images of political artwork he's created, but one of their most recent portraits has sparked discourse throughout the social media world.
Read More Sarah Huckabee Sanders Forgot About These Times Trump Incited Violence
Over the weekend, Carrey tweeted a colorful portrait that appeared to be in the likeness of White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders. Although, no one from Carrey's camp has confirmed who is depicted in the painting.
This is the portrait of a so-called Christian whose only purpose in life is to lie for the wicked. Monstrous! pic.twitter.com/MeYLTy1pqb — Jim Carrey (@JimCarrey) March 17, 2018
Their tweet's caption, however, seems to also allude to Sanders and the fact that she's often accused of lying or twisting the truth on behalf of President Donald Trump during press briefings. “This is the portrait of a so-called Christian whose only purpose in life is to lie for the wicked. Monstrous!" Carrey wrote.
People on Twitter expressed mixed feelings about Carrey's cartoonish painting. Some criticized them for bullying and spreading hate, while others went as far as to accuse them of sexism.
And this is one more reason that I'm done with Hollywood. It's ok to be mean and hurtful as long as it's to someone you disagree with, right? Btw, this is a classic example of bullying. But again, it's ok as long as it's someone you disagree with, right? — Jenny (@BlessedTNGal) March 18, 2018
So sad to see an actor who was once funny now turned progressive leftist media wh*re. You are now a has-been with a bad attitude & nothing of value to say. Losers from Loserwood should stick to what they know-pretending. Leave politics to the adults. God bless @POTUS. — Mrs. JL Young (@JackieAgain) March 19, 2018
Sarah is a beautiful person who has a real life! Real children who love her, real friends and family who respect her, and real values, and a God who loves her! You on the other hand have nothing! — Marion (@ddnifcins1) March 18, 2018
This is terrible. Jim, you should be ashamed of yourself for such a sexist, xenophobic picture. Just because they are a republican doesn't give you the right to put out something so horribly disgusting. When they go low you go lower? Shame on you. — Afree Thinker🔥 (@AfreeThinker71) March 19, 2018
On the other hand, there were many Twitter users applauding Carrey for calling out Sanders for shamelessly deceiving the public to protect Trump.
Can I put this on a shirt? This is glorious — Kris (@KrisChampagne) March 19, 2018
Compared to the vile statements coming from the White House everyday, this does not even register. The likeness is quite good to a lay person. Carrey is entitled to their opinion. SHS is a public figure and should take ownership for their words and actions. — Danny Sims (@Simmer67) March 19, 2018
Notice, only the right wing few are upset. Those who are trying to defend a sinking ship filled with lies, deceit and bitterness. For those that claim Jim Carrey is a washed up actor, I say, damn I wish I could live life semiretired and not worry about work just like Jim can. — DeAnneWNC (@WncDe) March 19, 2018
To those who are boycotting Hollywood - why are you reading Jim Carrey's Twitter feed? Do you really not see how controversial this president is? You may support him. But do you honestly think there's anything normal about the guy? — Ryan Locke (@Stimul8edBoy) March 19, 2018
The illustration also prompted some people to share unflattering memes of Sanders to mock their appearance in a paltry attempt to be humorous.
While Sanders' looks are often attacked by online bullies who judge them by their attractiveness rather than their politics, it is evident by Carrey's caption and their trend of sharing politically-charged caricatures that they are, indeed, criticizing their politics and depicted them as a monster because they lie “for the wicked” for a living.
After their presumed Sanders portrait went viral and began making headlines, Carrey posted a follow-up on Monday that very blatantly targeted Trump.
If you liked my last cartoon you may also enjoy...
"THE WICKED WITCH OF THE WEST WING AND PUTIN'S FLYING MONKEYS“ pic.twitter.com/slBG7j1s8d — Jim Carrey (@JimCarrey) March 19, 2018
Whether or not you agree with Carrey's artistic choices, they are right to call out Sanders' hypocrisy. They tout themselves as a person of integrity and claims to follow the Christian faith, yet they have shamelessly lied to the entire nation for their racist, sexist, xenophobic boss.
For example, Sanders once said during a press briefing that Trump did not call our justice system a "laughingstock" despite the fact that there was video evidence proving that they did.
The Trump administration's lack of transparency, disregard for the truth, and constant twisting of facts is an insult to every American's intelligence and should be condemned, which is, essentially, what Carrey did in their own unique and controversial way.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Shotcrete Accelerator Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report BASF SE, Sika AG, Denka, Mapei SpA, GCP Applied Technologies, Mc-Bauchemie, Basalite Concrete Products, The Euclid Chemical Company, Chryso Group (Cinven), Fosroc, Normet, Sobule New Materials, CICO Technologies, MUHU (China), ATEK Fine Chemical, Cormix International, Kurita.
The report begins with introducing the global Shotcrete Accelerator market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Shotcrete Accelerator report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-shotcrete-accelerator-market/5937/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Shotcrete Accelerator Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Liquid Accelerator, Powdered Accelerator.
Shotcrete Accelerator Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Mining and Tunneling, Construction Repair Works, Water Retaining Structures, Others.
Key points in the Shotcrete Accelerator Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-shotcrete-accelerator-market/5937/#inquiry
From all of this Shotcrete Accelerator market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Shotcrete Accelerator market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Shotcrete Accelerator distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
BRIEF-Wells Fargo Bank increases prime rate to 4.25 percent
* Says ‍increasing its prime rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective tomorrow, June 15, 2017​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
TIMMINS -
August 2nd, 2017, was an exciting day for the Oncology Department at the Timmins and District Hospital with the donation of fifty patient comfort bags from Tina Girard a “Thirty One” consultant here in Timmins.
Tina shared that they had many friends who were going through treatment and reached out to them to see if the comfort bags would be beneficial and what should the contents include.
Tina then proceeded to reach out to family and friends on their personal Facebook page and the response was amazing! One of these friends, Rebecca Benson, was instrumental in helping Tina accomplish their goal. The initiative was shared, and with the numerous sponsors and their commissions, their goal of twenty comfort bags soon became fifty.
The comfort bags are filled with “little things” that have been recommended by patients to provide comfort to someone who is going through treatment. The bags all have a tag from the sponsor which indicates “in honor of” or “in memory of” someone.
The Timmins and District Hospital (TADH) is a level C, fully accredited community, referral and teaching hospital serving the residents of the City of Timmins and Cochrane District as well as the adjoining areas of the Temiskaming, Sudbury and Algoma districts.
The hospital offers a full range of medical, surgical, critical care, maternity, newborn, pediatric, long-term care and mental health services as well extensive health education and district services.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Behcet Disease Drug Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report AbbVie Inc, Celgene Corp, Cell Medica Ltd, Coherus BioSciences Inc, Genor BioPharma Co Ltd, Novartis AG, Panacea Biotec Ltd, R Pharm.
The report begins with introducing the global Behcet Disease Drug market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Behcet Disease Drug report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-behcet-disease-drug-market/5888/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Behcet Disease Drug Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Adalimumab Biosimilar, Apremilast, Canakinumab, Infliximab Biosimilar, Others.
Behcet Disease Drug Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Home Care, Hospital, Clinic.
Key points in the Behcet Disease Drug Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-behcet-disease-drug-market/5888/#inquiry
From all of this Behcet Disease Drug market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Behcet Disease Drug market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Behcet Disease Drug distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
BRIEF-Spectranetics announces election of new chairperson of the board of directors
* Spectranetics announces election of new chairperson of the board of directors
Teeth play a crucial part in a person's aesthetic appeal. Persistent dissatisfaction can come from gaps, broken teeth, or poor dental alignment.
[KENT, 4/7/2018] – Choosing to have cosmetic dentistry in Leybourne at One Smile Oral Care is a good way to overcome the difficulties associated with unsightly dental features. Contemporary cosmetic treatments come in many different forms, from one-off enhancements to long-lasting modifications.
Dazzling smiles with cosmetic dentistry at One Smile Oral Care
Cosmetic dentistry is often used to make a person's smile look more appealing. At One Smile Oral Care, many people choose to have teeth whitening. Teeth can discolour over the years, as food and drink leave behind traces on the outer enamel coating. The resulting unsightly stains can't be removed with tooth brushing alone.
Teeth whitening treatment involves the patient wearing a dental tray with a whitening agent inside that gradually lifts the stains off the teeth. The particular shade of white can be chosen by the patient before the process starts. When it comes to cosmetic dentistry at One Smile Oral Care, this treatment is particularly popular due to its speedy results.
Teeth straightening at One Smile Oral Care
Many people need cosmetic dentistry to alter the alignment of their teeth. Crooked, crowded or spaced out teeth can negatively affect oral hygiene, as well as being visually unappealing. Treatment with certain modern aligners and braces, available at One Smile Oral Care, comes under the umbrella of cosmetic dentistry. They offer a discreet way for patients to create their dream smile. The results of even relatively minor adjustments can be dramatic and patients can enjoy their new smiles for years to come.
Restoring what's missing at One Smile Oral Care
Lost teeth can be restored using several types of cosmetic dentistry at One Smile Oral Care. Bridges and dentures are customised to look and feel as natural as possible. Dental implants enable full dental function by securely integrating with the jawbone. They allow people to once more enjoy biting into the foods they love most.
Having cosmetic dentistry at One Smile Oral Care enables people to improve their aesthetic appeal. This can lead to an increase in confidence. Cosmetic dentistry treatments are delivered by caring professionals, safely and efficiently.
Gas prices across B.C. vary, with lowest in Vernon and highest in – you guessed it – Metro Vancouver
Everyone is talking about the soaring price of gas lately – and not just in B.C.'s most gridlock-prone cities.
According to GasBuddy.com, gas stations in Vernon are offering the lowest prices across the province as of Tuesday afternoon, sitting steady at about 117.9 cents per litre. Prince George is next in line, with 119 cents per litre on average.
Some of the highest costs, meanwhile, are being recorded in Metro Vancouver, to the tune of 154 cents and above.
Dan McTeague, a senior petroleum analyst with Gasbuddy.com, has pointed to a months-long national trend in which Canadians are seeing an average increase of 15 cents a litre compared to last year.
Causes include increased demand, gas shortages, and refineries shutting down for spring maintenance.
READ MORE: B.C. gas prices to hit the highest levels in years: forecast
Here's where gas prices stand today across the province:
Cranbrook:
Victoria:
Surrey:
Vernon:
Castlegar:
100 Mile House:
Revelstoke:
Port McNeill:
Summerland:
Trail:
@ashwadhwani
ashley.wadhwani@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Open for Machine Learning i-Commerce platform launched by Epictenet, engages with customers as a human, revolutionising the experience of information gathering.
Australian Fintech Company
Media Contact
Nupur Nachane
Epictenet Pty Ltd
02 - 9232 5689
***@epictenet.com Nupur NachaneEpictenet Pty Ltd02 - 9232 5689
End
--Imagine a journey where instead of looking for information & options someone guides you, thePlatform is an experience will get your thinking going, bring more innovation and enhance the current customer experience."As the world advances, increasingly towards digital every day and the customers crave to do more things on mobile, Epictenet have innovated and created a new customer interface calledplatform – providing a personalised experience to customers they have been used to in traditional branch environments and places in their hands, at their convenience, pace and device of choice.platform – is a new customer interface that will revolutionise customer interaction with organisations - open to Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence and driven by machine, captures requirements through interactive conversations, taking customer experience to the very next level.Filling out application forms has never been easy, especially on mobile, the i-commerce platform engages with the customers as a human and revolutionises the experience of information gathering & sharing, saves the information on the go and intelligently processes the request.Epictenet's extensive experience in the banking and financial services industry and capability in the solutions like CRM, Product Origination, Financial Calculators makes it possible to deliver a comprehensive solution while keeping an open architecture.While the banking industry looks for the NPP roll out later this year, i-Commerce Platform will play a major role in the customer experience for the overlay services leveraging NPP capabilities, giving Australians a unique experience with its leading technology.The implementation of theplatform is easy, the use cases are numerous and we are excited to be in the leader's space giving our clients a competitive edge.Established in 2008, Epictenet is an Australian Fintech company, headquartered in Sydney, providing innovative business solutions using modern technology trends with a unique blend of business, technology and creativity touching different aspects of the customer journey. Epictenet solutions are cost-effective, easily adoptable providing great experience to the customers & the staff and help the organisations grow their business.Name of Media Contact - Nupur NachaneCompany Name - Epictenet Pty LtdContact Phone Number – 02 - 9232 5689Address – Level 1, 17 Castlereagh Street, Sydney NSW 2000Website URL- www.epictenet.com
Anna Mae Blessing, 92, has been charged with killing their son after they thought they wanted to put them in a nursing home. Picture: Maricopa County Sheriff's Office
Anna Mae Blessing, 92, has been charged with killing their son after they thought they wanted to put them in a nursing home. Picture: Maricopa County Sheriff's Office
A 92-YEAR-OLD US woman shot their son dead because they planned to put them in a nursing home when they became "difficult to live with", reports said.
Anna Mae Blessing reportedly told their 72-year-old son, "You took my life, so I'm taking yours" moments after they gunned them down at their Arizona home.
Blessing, who has been charged with murder, reportedly told police she'd intended to take their own life, too.
The elderly woman was in a wheelchair at their initial court appearance on Tuesday where their bail was set at $US500,000 ($680,000) and a lawyer was being appointed to represent them
Arizona police said Blessing's 72-year-old son was found dead on Monday at their home in Fountain Hills, located about 50 kilometres northeast of Phoenix.
The man's name wasn't immediately released.
Blessing had been living with their son and their girlfriend for about six months, according to court records, and the elderly woman had reportedly become worried that the pair were plotting to move them into a home.
Anna Mae Blessing appeared frail during their court appearance. Picture: Maricopa County Sheriff's Office
They told authorities that they argued with their son on Monday morning over the way they were being treated and was upset with them for stating that they were going to put them in a nursing home.
Blessing told police they got out two guns, which they said they have had since the 1970s - one bought at a gun store and the other obtained from their late husband. They told police they hadn't fired either since the 1970s.
They concealed two pistols in the pockets of their bathrobe before confronting their son in their bedroom and firing multiple shots at them with one handgun, records show.
They reportedly turned the gun on their son's 57-year-old girlfriend but after a struggle the woman was able to wrestle it out of them hands.
Anna Mae Blessing has been charged with murdering their son. Picture: Maricopa County Sheriff's Office
They also managed to get the second gun away from the 92-year-old.
The unidentified woman called authorities and Blessing was located on a recliner in the home and taken into custody.
Blessing told police they had wanted to kill themselves but was out of weapons.
When detectives asked them what they thought should happen to them they replied they "should be put to sleep as a result of them actions".
The woman also tried to shoot their son's girlfriend. Picture: Maricopa County Sheriff's Office
Sheriff Paul Penzone said police had been called out to at least one other case of domestic violence involving Blessing and their son but could not give further details.
"It is always concerning when domestic issues escalate to violence or tragic outcomes," Penzone told a local TV station. "They are often isolated and neither predictable nor preventable."
After former National Security Adviser Gen. Michael T. Flynn resigned from their post Monday evening, it didn't take long for a few relentless Republican critics of President Donald Trump use the incident to undermine the administration.
Fire crews were called out to a fire in a Hamilton restaurant early today.
Eight fire crews responded about 4.45am to the blaze at the Mexican restaurant on Victoria Street.
Fire engine Source: 1 NEWS
A Fire Service spokesperson said the blaze is believed to have started in the kitchen.
A search was carried out top flour and second floor as it was believed people may have been trapped inside.
The search found no occupants inside.
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
Jean-Luc Melenchon of the French far left Parti de Gauche and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, attends a political rally in Lille, France, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
Francois Fillon (C), former French Prime Minister, member of the Republicans political party and 2017 French presidential election candidate of the French centre-right, and Laurent Wauquiez (R), head of the Les Republicains political party, attend a political rally in Chassieu, near Lyon, France, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Robert Pratta
A member of the French far-left Parti de Gauche pastes a poster on a free billboard for French far-left Parti de Gauche candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon as part of the 2017 French presidential election campaign in Nice, France, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche! (Onwards!) and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, waves to supporters at the end of a campaign rally in Pau, France, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
Members of the French far-left Parti de Gauche paste posters on a free billboard for French far-left Parti de Gauche candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon as part of the 2017 French presidential election campaign in Nice, France, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
Emmanuel Macron (L), head of the political movement En Marche! (Onwards!) and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, and Francois Bayrou, French centrist politician and the leader of the Democratic Movement (MoDem), attend a campaign rally in Pau, France, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
Francois Fillon, former French Prime Minister, member of the Republicans political party and 2017 French presidential election candidate of the French centre-right, attends a political rally in Chassieu, near Lyon, France, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Robert Pratta
Jean-Luc Melenchon of the French far left Parti de Gauche and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, attends a political rally in Lille, France, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
Emmanuel Macron (R), head of the political movement En Marche! (Onwards!) and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, and Francois Bayrou, French centrist politician and the leader of the Democratic Movement (MoDem), embrace as they attend a campaign rally in Pau, France, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, attends a political rally in Arcis-sur-Aube, near Troyes, France April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche! (Onwards!) and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, attends a campaign rally in Pau, France, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
Benoit Hamon, French Socialist party 2017 presidential candidate, shakes hands with residents during a campaign visit in Villiers-le-Bel, Paris suburb, France, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
Francois Fillon, former French Prime Minister, member of the Republicans political party and 2017 French presidential election candidate of the French centre-right, attends a political rally in Chassieu, near Lyon, France, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Robert Pratta
Jean-Luc Melenchon of the French far left Parti de Gauche and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, attends a political rally in Lille, France, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche! (Onwards!) and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, delivers their speech during a campaign rally in Pau, France, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
PARIS Polls showed France's presidential election campaign tightening further on Wednesday as financial markets fretted about the rising popularity of a far-left candidate who wants to put France's European Union membership to a vote.
For graphic on French presidential election, click - here
Investors have long been anxious about election frontrunner Marine Le Pen, leader of the far-right National Front, who has promised a referendum on whether to quit the EU and ditch the euro.
They have been joined on the list of investors' concerns by far-left veteran Jean-Luc Melenchon, who has surged in the polls after strong performances in two candidates' debates.
The Communist-backed Melenchon also wants a referendum on EU membership after an attempt to renegotiate the EU treaties.
The latest Ifop-Fiducial poll on Wednesday showed Le Pen winning 23.5 percent in the April 23 first round, one point ahead of centrist Emmanuel Macron.
Both Le Pen and Macron's support dipped by half a point from Tuesday while conservative Francois Fillon was stable on 19 percent and Melenchon unchanged on 18.5 percent.
The top two candidates go through to a run-off on May 7, where polls say Macron would easily beat Le Pen.
Traders cited the French election, as well as U.S. relations with Syria and North Korea, as reasons why investors switched to safe assets, such as gold or U.S. Treasuries, on Wednesday.
"Risk sentiment is not strong at the moment because of tensions in North Korea and also risk of a ... rising Melenchon," said Nomura currency strategist Yujiro Goto in London.
GERMAN FORAY
Concern about a Le Pen victory, which would put further pressure on the EU after Britain's decision to leave the bloc, led to an unusual foray into French politics by Germany, France's traditional partner at the heart of the EU.
"We need a pro-European France," German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said in Berlin.
"I hope Le Pen does not become French president," they added.
Outgoing Socialist President Francois Hollande is also concerned about Melenchon's rising popularity, according to Le Monde newspaper, and this has fed speculation they could endorse Macron as the best hope to win rather than official Socialist candidate Benoit Hamon, who is doing poorly in the polls.
In an interview with Le Point magazine published on Wednesday, Hollande kept silent about their choice, saying they would endorse a candidate before the second round of the election.
But they spoke highly of the decision by Macron, a former economy minister in their government, to launch a new party, saying "I think politics needs renewal" and they spoke out against demagoguery.
"There is a danger in simplifications and falsifications which make people look at the ... speaker rather than the content of what they are saying," they said.
Hollande, an unpopular president who did not seek a second term, said ruling parties should not hold primary elections in future, because it was impossible to be president and candidate at the same time.
The conservative Le Figaro newspaper called Melenchon "the French Chavez", alleging in a front-page story that their plans were inspired by the late Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez.
Melenchon mocked their new notoriety in a blog on their website.
"They announce that my winning the election would bring nuclear winter, a plague of frogs, Red Army tanks and the landing of the Venezuelans," they said.
(Additional reporting by Gernot Heller in Berlin, Dion Rabouin in New York, Ritvik Carvalho and Jemima Kelly in London)
click to enlarge COURTESY FIRECRACKER PIZZA
Frank Uible, Liz Schuester and Chip Schloss are bringing Firecracker Pizza & Beer to the Grove this spring.
Rendering by Nick Adams of Mademan Design
Firecracker Pizza & Beer will open in the Grove this spring.
Chip Schloss, owner of the Grove mainstay Atomic Cowboy, vividly remembers the moment inspiration hit for their forthcoming restaurant just down the street,"We were in my business manager's office working on pizza crust ideas, and I was eating an authentic chile relleno that one of the woman who works for us at Atomic Cowboy had made for lunch," recalls Schloss. "I put it on top of the pizza, smashed it with my fork, and it was like that Reese's Peanut Butter commercial when they say 'You got the chocolate in my peanut butter.' I've never seen a chile relleno pizza, but maybe I will now."A Mexican-influenced pizza is just one of the many things in store for diners when Firecracker Pizza & Beer opens in the Grove this spring. The brainchild of Schloss and Pi Pizzeria co-founder Frank Uible, Firecracker will offer diners internationally inspired pizzas, craft beer and a quick, yet hospitality-minded service concept they are calling "craft casual.""The idea of fast-casual is that food is highly customizable and there is speed of service," Schloss explains. "But standing in line and watching your pizza go in and then come out of a conveyor belt is not social and it's not the best use of your time. We want to take the customization and speed of fast-casual, but at a table and with knowledgeable service."Since opening Atomic Cowboy in the Grove more than a decade ago, Schloss has watched the neighborhood grow from a spottily occupied stretch of Manchester into a bona fide nightlife destination. However, he's noticed that daytime-friendly dining options continue to be limited, as many of the restaurants are actually bars that serve food rather than restaurants in themselves. He's hoping that Firecracker fills this niche."This neighborhood needed a pizzeria, and none of the successful pizza operators in town were going to come here because they had locations that were already too close," says Schloss. "So we got together and worked out what a pizzeria in the Grove should look like."Schloss and Uible looked to Grove-like neighborhoods in cities like Portland, Denver and Nashville to see how they had interpreted a modern pizzeria and noticed that people were getting away from the traditional Italian model. Global food offerings with unusual flavor combinations appeared to be popular with millennial diners, the people who Uible says see the Grove as their playground."It's pizza without borders," Schloss says.Schloss and Uible tapped Liz Schuester of Tenacious Eats to lead the kitchen, a decision that was based upon their comfort with a wide range of international cuisine. "Liz personifies the brand," says Uible. "She's lived and cooked all over the world and knows everything from chimichurri to miso to Italian. They understand that the approach we want to take is to elevate pizza, and that every food culture has a vehicle similar to it, whether or not they call it that."In addition to pizza, Firecracker will feature a robust craft beer program, served by a staff well-versed in the offerings."There's a craft beer boom and a fast-casual pizza beer boom, so putting them together is natural," says Schloss. "I think what we are doing that hasn't been done before though is to put them equally in the spotlight at the same place. For years people have said that beer and pizza go so well together, but elevating them like this is unique."
Bonn's cherry blossom season was soured over the weekend after an unknown person or group of people threatened to hammer 7,000 copper nails into the trees.
On Sunday, numerous posters appeared in the western German city's old town, or Altstadt, neighborhood, where the Japanese cherry trees are located, bearing a threatening message.
"7,000 nails — to all in Bonn. If the cherry blossom festival isn't immediately enjoyed and the photo madness isn't stopped, we'll drive 7,000 copper nails in the trees. — FF," the posters stated in letters clipped from newspapers and magazines.
Police in Bonn launched an investigation into the incident, but said they were examining possible "coercion" and not a hard threat.
Read more: Should we be worried about our cherry blossoms because of climate change?
"We are taking it seriously," Bonn police spokesperson Robert Scholten told DW on Tuesday, noting that the investigation is likely to be tricky, as there were no witnesses and "the evidence is inconclusive."
The poster resembled a ransom note, with the letters clipped from newspapers and magazines
'It wouldn't be good'
Both police and the city of Bonn were skeptical about whether the posters indicated an actual risk to the trees. They acknowledged, however, that there was little that could be done should someone attempt to follow through on the threat.
"It wouldn't be good," Andrea Schulte from the Bonn city press office told DW. They noted that copper is poisonous for the trees and that "parts of the tree could die" if copper nails were hammered into them.
Read more: Selfies forbidden: Replace your smartphone with a pencil and a sketchbook
Schulte emphasized that the cherry blossom season has been very peaceful and that no complaints have been registered with local authorities about the traffic or noise caused by visitors so far this year.
Enchanting cherry blossoms in Bonn attract global onlookers Delicate blossoms The formation of the delicate blossoms of the cherry trees is apparently different each year, depending on the weather. If it remains the same, the cherry blossoms can last up to two weeks. Post cards of the photographic motif can be purchased in souvenir shops in the city.
Enchanting cherry blossoms in Bonn attract global onlookers Popular motif Tourists, especially from Asian countries like Japan, flock to Bonn's old city district to capture the blossoms in photos and videos. The prettiest pictures appear on special online community pages.
Enchanting cherry blossoms in Bonn attract global onlookers A sea of blossoms "It's magic!" That's one of the exclamations you are likely to hear when strolling through Bonn's city streets. The intensity of the blossoms' pink color also changes over time.
Enchanting cherry blossoms in Bonn attract global onlookers Tourist hot spot The cherry trees in neighboring Max Street are the first to bloom each year. But they are also the lightest in color. Some of the blossoms on the oldest trees are even white. Tourists arrive at the beginning of April to experience their glory from the beginning.
Enchanting cherry blossoms in Bonn attract global onlookers The first blossoms With some of the cherry trees, the pink blossom umbels come straight out of the trunk. Many of the trees are very old, which is illustrated by the deep cleaves in the bark of the trunk. They were planted over a century ago when the surrounding Gründerzeit buildings were constructed.
Enchanting cherry blossoms in Bonn attract global onlookers Selfie with blossoms These Japanese tourists are curious about how their pictures turned out on their smartphones. Young women in particular have taken to donning the pink blossoms in their hair.
Enchanting cherry blossoms in Bonn attract global onlookers Café Blüte (Café Blossom) is one of the most popular institutions in the old city district in Bonn. But business booms in all of the cafés and restaurants in this neighborhood during cherry blossom season.
Enchanting cherry blossoms in Bonn attract global onlookers Soft pink Not all of the blossoms have opened up yet. Closed buds can still be seen between the other flowers. A few more sunny days, a little rain, and then the blossoms will come into their full pink glory.
Enchanting cherry blossoms in Bonn attract global onlookers Old architecture The beautifully restored Gründerzeit buildings compose the backdrop for the April cherry blossoms. The historic street lamps complete the romantic picture.
Enchanting cherry blossoms in Bonn attract global onlookers Grand boulevard Heer Street is considered one of Europe's 10 prettiest boulevards. But when the cherry trees aren't blooming and the hoards have left, it's just a nice little street to recline in a café and enjoy a good cup of coffee. Author: Heike Mund (ls)
Tourists concerned for trees
During the two weeks when Bonn's cherry blossoms bloom in the spring, thousands of people from around the world flock to see them. Tourists clog the neighborhood's narrow cobblestone streets armed with selfie sticks, cameras and mobile phones.
Disgruntled drivers and bicyclists try to quickly maneuver around the crowds or make their displeasure known with ringing bells and honking horns.
Read more: Japan prepares to party under the cherry blossoms
"I can see it from the locals' perspectives that it might be too disruptive," said Tara, a 30-year-old tourist from Australia. They added that there's nothing wrong with people "trying to make memories" by taking pictures.
Harlos and other small business owners benefit heavily from the foot traffic the cherry blossoms bring
Others in Altstadt pointed out that the person or group behind the pictures hadn't really thought through their threatening plan.
"The problem comes from the people and not from the trees," Irina, a local student in their 20s, told DW.
"It's a pretty stupid threat," fellow student Sophia said. "There are so many tourists coming. There's so much money coming into the city because of the cherry blossoms. Why would you want to harm it?"
'Joy' for businesses
Though the frenzy over the cherry blossoms can create some headaches for residents and commuters, local businesses welcome the blooming season every year.
Restaurant owner Ömer Pire holds one of the posters after it was removed by police and locals
"When there's no cherry blossom season, you don't see any people," restaurant owner Ömer Pire said. They and their family own Döner Haus and three other restaurants in Altstadt and welcome the boost the cherry blossoms bring each year.
"It's a joy for small businesses and for restaurants," they said. "It doesn't get better than this."
Victoria Harlos, owner of the photo printing shop Print & Paint in Altstadt, dismissed criticism about the number of people taking pictures on the street, saying they've been doing it for years. The only difference is now the majority of people aren't professional photographers.
"I think it's great, it's a great atmosphere," Harlos said, smiling. "There aren't too many people who don't think it's great, but they are louder."
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
Winners of the Palm Beach Poetry Festival's High School Poetry Contest 2017
End
-- PALM BEACH POETRY FESTIVALLaunches 14th Annual Poetry Contest for Local High School StudentsSubmission Deadline is December 1, 2017(Delray Beach, FL – September 25, 2017) Blaise Allen, Ph.D., the Director of Community Outreach for the Palm Beach Poetry Festival, today announced that the non-profit organization has launched its annual Palm Beach County High School Poetry Contest, in partnership with Old School Square in Delray BeachBetween October 1 and December 1, any Palm Beach County public or private high school student can submit one original poem (30 lines maximum) for consideration. Original poems should be submitted by email before midnight on December 1 to: PBPF1@aol.com. For contest rules, please visit www.palmbeachpoetryfestival.org.The winning poet will receive $200, and the four runner-up high school poets will each receive $100. In addition, all five winners will receive a pair of tickets to the Poetry Festival's Sizzling Spoken Word event at Old School Square's Crest Theater on Friday, January 19, at 8 pm. This performance event will feature National Award winning Slam Poets Elizabeth Acevedo and G. Yamazawa.The five winning high school poets will read their poems at the Festival's Award Ceremony on Monday, January 15, 2018 at 4 pm, where they will have the opportunity of meeting and having their pictures taken with 11 of America's most distinguished and award-winning poets. In addition, the winning poems will be published online on the Festival's official website at http://www.palmbeachpoetryfestival.org/ news/2017-hs- poetr... The judge for the annual High School Poetry Contest will once again be Dr. Jeff Morgan of Lynn University's Department of English in Boca Raton.About the Palm Beach Poetry Festival 2018:The 14th annual Palm Beach Poetry Festival will be held next January 15-20 at Old School Square in Delray Beach. The Festival features top poets at numerous ticketed public events, including readings, talks, interviews, panel discussions and more. Nine workshops will be offered for which applications are required. Special Guest Poet will be Coleman Barks, a major poet and the world's leading expert on 13th century poet Rumi, the founder of Sufism – as well as the likely namesake of one of the recently born twins of Beyoncé and Jay-Z.The distinguished poets who will lead poetry-writing workshops at the Festival include Laure-Anne Bosselaar, Gabrielle Calvocoressi, Chard deNiord, Beth wcj Ann Fennelly, Ross Gay, Rodney Jones, Phillis Levin, Aimee Nezhukumatathil and Tim Seibles; with individual conferences offered by nationally acclaimed poets: Lorna Knowles Blake, Sally Bliumis-Dunn and Nickole Brown. In addition, Slam Champions Elizabeth Acevedo and G Yamazawa will co-host a Sizzling Spoken Word event, and there will be a Special Tribute to Poet Thomas Lux, a longtime supporter of the Festival who passed away earlier this year.The 2018 Palm Beach Poetry Festival is sponsored in part by the State of Florida, Department of State, Division of Cultural Affairs and the Florida Council on Arts and Culture; Morgan Stanley & The Legacy Group of Atlanta; the Cultural Council of Palm County, the Palm Beach County Tourism Development Council and the Board of Commissioners of Palm Beach County; The Palm Beach Post; Visit Florida; WLRN; and Murder on the Beach, Delray Beach's independent bookseller.For more information about the Palm Beach Poetry Festival, please visit www.palmbeachpoetryfestival.org.Available for InterviewBlaise Allen, Ph.D.Director of Community OutreachPalm Beach Poetry Festival954.729.8007blaise@palmbeachpoetryfestival.orgMedia Contact:Gary SchweikhartPR-BS, Inc.561.756.4298gary@pr-bs.net
The staff editorial is the majority opinion of The Murray State News Editorial Board
When president Trump was on their fiery campaign trail, they made it clear they would surround themselves with people who would help them fulfill their campaign slogan: Change.
Scratch that – Make America Great Again, or “Change” with a makeover.
Well, since their inauguration, their promises have unfortunately come true. The new president has not wasted any time in hand-picking some strange Trumpites, including doomsday prepper Steve Bannon and the queen of education, Betsy DeVos.
DeVos, who was appointed Secretary of Education Feb. 7, is about as qualified to make decisions about the public school system as our president is to be commander in chief. We know many Americans admire Trump for their lack of experience as a politician and believe it will enable them to do the job more effectively than previous presidents, but do those supporters feel the same way when it comes to DeVos and their specific position?
DeVos faces much opposition for their stance on school choice and voucher programs, and rightly so. While giving children and parents more educational opportunities sounds like a great plan, it collapses when put into practice with taxpayer dollars. DeVos, if given free reign, would use public funds in order for children to attend private schools, which, because of the religious nature of many of those schools, would violate the separation of church and state.
In Murray, educators worry what effect their plan would have on the Calloway County public school system. Like many other small, rural towns, there is no room for choice – there is only the few small public schools which cannot afford to lose federal assistance.
Erica Gray, who teaches chemistry at Calloway County and has also taught in McCracken County, told staff writer Lindsey Coleman about the dangers of DeVos's plan.
“When you start diverting public school dollars into private things, it creates an even greater performance and income inequality gap that is already an issue in a lot of those cities, so that's a real concern,” they said.
A recent Washington Post article discussed how harmful DeVos's agenda could be by analyzing how Chile's school system – which heavily operated on voucher programs – suffered. In that community, children from lower-income families were less likely to attain vouchers and were consequently stuck in a public school faced with less and less funding. Meanwhile, private schools recruited students based on family status, income and the projected performance of the child and only educated those privileged groups.
Even if a small town like Murray had more school options, it's easy to see how many students would get left behind and subject to underfunded, underdeveloped public systems because of their socioeconomic status.
Ultimately, it seems all politicans would argue they want the same thing: for the children in our country to be educated well and have as many opportunities as possible.
The path to acheive that, however, looks extremely different to the red and blue sides of our government.
No child should be forced to attend a school that doesn't satisfy them, and if DeVos succeeds in implementing their agenda, there could be more students, not less, having to settle for subpar education because there is no alternative choice.
The helicopter pilot who was taken hostage in the escape of one of France's most notorious criminals said the convict's accomplices beat and threatened them during their kidnapping.
Stephane Buy told RTL radio yesterday that two men at a flying club near Paris on Monday"forced me (to take off) and warned me my family was in danger."
First, they made them touch down in a field so others on the breakout team could get onboard. At that point, the engine of the helicopter from the 1960s didn't restart.
Buy said the men hit them on the head and they briefly fell unconscious.
After several attempts, the engine restarted and they headed to Reau Prison to hustle Redoine Faid to freedom.
GALWAY UNITED 2 DERRY CITY 0
Derry City lost for a fourth successive match as Galway United secured a deserved victory in Monday's EA Sports Cup second round match.
Kevin Devaney scored a close-range opener in the 28th minute and Vinny Faherty wrapped it up near the end.
Kenny Shiels fielded a much-changed City side, giving opportunities to reserve team players keeper Eric Grimes and 18-year-old striker Cathal Farren.
It was a rare win for Galway who are bottom of the Premier Division table.
They have had four draws and four defeats in their first eight league matches.
Derry started well, dominating possession without really troubling home keeper Ciaran Nugent.
But they fell behind when Devaney stabbed in at the back post from Faherty's flick-on following a Gary Kinneen corner.
Derry will be disappointed at how they defended the set piece with Aaron McEneff appearing to be caught out.
Farren, Harry Monaghan and McEneff had chances in the second half but the visitors could not find an equaliser.
Galway made sure of their progress when Faherty made it 2-0 in the 90th minute with a shot which bounced over keeper Grimes.
It was more than few years ago I was scratching out a living pushing a mop at MIT. You know, running around with my buddies, chasing skirts, drinking... More from Spence
Gardaí in Tralee, Co Kerry, are appealing for information on a crash on New Year's Eve near the village of Ardfert in which the allegedly drunk driver abandoned the vehicle.
The driver who was the only person in the car had fled the scene, leaving an empty bottle of vodka in the driver's side by the time gardaí from Tralee arrived shortly before 11 pm on Saturday night, they said.
Witnesses at the scene told them the driver, a male, appeared highly intoxicated.
Gardaí have impounded the 14-year-old vehicle on suspicion it was uninsured. While they have identified the car's owner, they do not believe the registered owner was driving it at the time.
Photographs posted by the Garda Southern Divison on Facebook show the car, a Renault Scenic abandoned after apparently colliding with a wall. An empty bottle of vodka is shown on the driver's side.
Nobody was reported injured in the crash.
“The attached photos tell their own story,” the Garda said, appealing for anyone with information to contact Tralee garda station at (066) 7102300.
The appeal and images were posted as part of the high profile Garda road traffic Never Drink and Drive Campaign.
As parliamentarians were up to 6PM Monday awaiting the resumption of the Sitting after a fracas involving opposition People's Progressive Party (PPP) parliamentarian Juan Edghill when they were refused an opportunity to speak, Police Commissioner David Ramnarine said a probe would be launched.
“There is some preliminary work being done, yes,” Ramnarine told Demerara Waves Online News but they could not immediately say what offence might have been committed.
Since Monday's sitting of the House was suspended at 12:30 PM, up to shortly after 6 PM the work of the Committee of Supply to consider the estimates of expenditure for 2018 had no resumed.
Members of the media were instructed to leave the Chamber and the lights and air condition units were switched off. However, the opposition MPS said they would remain the Chamber until 10PM, the time at which Monday's sitting was scheduled to end.
However, Edghill told Demerara Waves Online News that they have not been questioned and they were seated in the Chamber awaiting the resumption of the sitting. They denied committing an offence and the police had no legal right to remove them from the House. “I haven't committed a crime and so I cannot come under any police investigation and I am in the National Assembly where I have full immunity to speak and represent the people of Guyana.
The police has no place in the National Assembly. I cannot arrest for anything I say or do in the National Assembly. The police cannot order me to leave. The police have no jurisdiction in the people's House,” they said.
Earlier Monday, Edghill refused House Speaker, Barton Scotland's instruction to sit. When the lawmaker refused instructions by the Sergeant-at-Arms, the House Speaker called Tactical Services Unit and members of other police detachments who are stationed at Parliament Building to remove him.
At that juncture, several of Edghill's colleague PPP parliamentarians encircled them to block the police from removing them from the Chamber. The House then descended into chaos with opposition MPS and police seen pushing each other and themselves as they sought to prevent the lawmen from getting close to Edghill.
The incident all started when the PPP parliamentarian defied the Speaker's instruction and continued to question the allotted duration for grilling the responsible ministers for the Ministry of the Presidency which for 2018 National Budget will have four additional budget programmes.
Speaker: Aren't you going to have your seat, Honourable Member”
Edghill: So we are not going to be allowed scrutiny in the House, Sir?
Speaker: Honourable Member, would you have a seat, please, Mr Edghill?
Edghill: Mr. Speaker, I would like to have a response to this.
Speaker: Honourable Member Mr Edghill, you are out of order.
Edghill: I don't mind being out of order, Sir, on a matter of principle Sir. On a matter of principle I stand up to be out of order, Sir because we have four additional programmes that have been added to the Ministry of the Presidency and the same two hours that were given last year is going to be given to this year, four additional programmes, it means the government don't want scrutiny of this budget. That is what it means and I will stand up and be out of order, Sir.
Speaker: The Honourable Member is out of order and I must order you to leave this Chamber and take no further part in the business of this matter. Honourable Member… Sergeant-at-Arms, you will take steps to enforce the Speaker's direction. If you need assistance then you will have to get it.
Meanwhile, several government ministers sharply criticised the episode in the House, the second such similar in less than one month, coming after the opposition PPP parliamentarians had chanted and held placards to disrupt President David Granger's address to the Parliament
Describing today's incident as “a fast slippage into disorder”, Minister Trotman said, “I believe that after today, the Speaker certainly has a duty to call in the Chief Whips and maybe even speak to the Leader of the Opposition, and even the President about whether or not we want to continue as a Parliamentary Democracy, and be seen as one or be labelled internationally as a bunch of hooligans.”
In addition, Minister Trotman said the Opposition's actions today took the National Assembly to its lowest ever.
“I have been a member of Parliament since 1997 and in all of the 20 years, I have never witnessed anything like this. When there has been a Government and an Opposition, there has been an opposition and there has always been a Speaker. The Speaker has always been shown respect. Whenever the Speaker has invited a member to sit, be quiet, to refrain or withdraw that has always been complied with. We have set a new precedent today. Some may say we have descended into a new low”, Minister Trotman added.
Minister Trotman, themselves a former speaker, reminded that Doctor Barton Scotland was acting within the ambits of Parliamentary procedure and encouraged the opposition to bring a quick resolution to the matter.
“As a former Speaker… the Speaker from what I have seen has taken all the correct procedural steps and it is for the Clerk if they feel that the Sergeant-at-Arms is incapable of enforcing the speaker's ruling to invite the Police in, and none of us would like to see chaos erupting further in the house. There is enough of it. At the end of the day, the parliamentary system we practice under is where the Speaker is the presiding officer, and that presiding officer must be shown respect and the dignity of the house has to be maintained. I would urge the members of the Opposition to try to de-escalate the situation. The speaker cannot be expected to assume the chair where there has been a breakdown of order”, they emphasised.
May 3 Spirit AeroSystems Holdings Inc
* Says while pricing negotiations with Boeing have been constructive, they are taking longer-than-expected to close; says seeking a fair and equitable agreement
* Says there still a gap between Boeing and Spirit Aero on the 737 side as well as the 787 side, with respect to pricing negotiations Further company coverage:
Twenty-five disaster-prone provinces will now be able to respond better to natural calamities given the availability of a P1-billion insurance fund, the Finance department said on Monday.
Under the government's Parametric Insurance Pilot program, typhoon-prone provinces such as Batanes and Albay will be able to quickly secure payouts, Finance Assistant Secretary Paola Alvarez said in a statement.
In addition to Albay and Batanes, the other provinces covered are Aurora, Cagayan, Camarines Norte, Camarines Sur, Catanduanes, Cebu, Davao del Sur, Davao Oriental, Dinagat Islands, Eastern Samar, Ilocos Norte, Ilocos Sur, Isabela, Laguna, Leyte, Northern Samar, Pampanga, Quezon, Rizal, Sorsogon, Surigao del Norte, Surigao del Sur and Zambales.
“Unlike the traditional indemnity insurance that takes a long time to assess and process, this Parametric Insurance Pilot will have quick-disbursing payouts whose amounts will depend on the estimated loss triggers determined through the Philippines' Catastrophic Risk Model developed by the DoF in 2014,” Alvarez said.
Local governments, they said, can avail of insurance cover for catastrophic earthquakes or typhoons from the Government Service Insurance System with coverage fully ceded to the international reinsurance market, minimizing risks for the government.
“Since the Bureau of Treasury is the policyholder, the funds will be mobilized faster the first responders, namely, the national government and the LGUs (local government units),” Alvarez added.
The program will run for one year starting July 28 this year. It fulfills part of the expected outcomes of the2011-2028 National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management (NDRRM) plan.
“Our disaster risk financing strategy provides a comprehensive framework for the implementation of financial protection solutions against natural disasters at the national, local government and individual levels,” Alvarez said.
“Since its adoption in 2015, the government has made significant progress in implementation, including most notably the signing of the World-Bank supported $500 million contingent credit line last year,” they added.
According to Alvarez, premium payments will be financed through an NDDRM Fund allocation earmarked for the insurance of government facilities.
Premiums will have two categories. For disaster-specific premiums, P500 million of the fund will be allocated as follows: 79.2 percent for typhoons and 20.8 percent for earthquakes.
The other P500 million will be province-specific and split equally among the 25 provinces at P20 million each.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A drug dealer, who got their girlfriend to smuggle hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of cocaine into the UK using their suitcase, has been jailed.
Kimberly Brown, from Walters Row in Dudley, was stopped by border force officers as they attempted to bring in up to £240,000 worth of drugs from France.
The 27-year-old and their boyfriend, Garvey Barnes, had travelled separately across the English Channel and met in Calais where they spent the night.
On their return to the UK the following day, Barnes drove back in their car, leaving Brown to carry the drugs on a later ferry.
Investigators from the National Crime Agency discovered phone calls and texts between the pair, linking Brown to the drugs run. Texts also revealed how Barnes had been in Dover to meet Brown as they arrived with the drugs.
As per the arrangements, Barnes, 36 from Nottingham was waiting on the other side for their girlfriend, but as Brown disembarked the ferry, they were arrested.
Officers then found two kilos of cocaine in a secret compartment at the bottom of their suitcase.
Barnes denied any knowledge of the drugs run, but was charged in connection with the importation attempt.
On Wednesday August 2, a jury found the pair guilty of being concerned in the importation of class A drugs.
Barnes - who had previously been convicted for armed robbery and growing cannabis - was jailed for ten-and-a-half years at Canterbury Crown Court on August 3.
While, Brown was handed four-and-a-half-years in prison for their involvement in the drugs run.
Richard Bowen, from the NCA's Dover border investigations team, said: “No doubt Garvey Barnes stood to make significant financial gain from these drugs run, but it seems they were happy to let their partner take all the risks.
They added that Barnes' lengthy jail term reflected the nature of their role in the importation.
Paul Morgan, Director of Border Force South East and Europe said: “By preventing this smuggling attempt, Border Force has stopped a vast quantity of illegal drugs from reaching the UK's streets and prevented criminals from lining their pockets with a substantial profit.
“Border Force officers are at the forefront of the fight to keep illegal drugs out of the country and we continue to work with law enforcement partners to tackle these crimes.”
The far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) politicians, who visited Syria earlier this month, said on Monday that the war-torn country could be classified as a safe country of origin for people seeking refuge in Germany.
A team of seven AfD politicians travelled to Syria in hopes of boosting their party's efforts to send back half a million Syrian refugees currently living in Germany.
Read more: German, French far-right voters felt abandoned, study finds
The "private" trip organized by Christian Blex, an AfD state parliamentarian from the western state of North Rhine-Westphalia (NRW), had the stated aim of allowing the politicians to assess the security situation for themselves.
Lawmaker visits to Syria — an overview German far-right lawmakers travel to Syria A group of state and national lawmakers with the German anti-immigration AfD kicked off a week-long trip to Syria by meeting with allies of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad on March 6. Their goal? To prove Syria is safe enough to repatriate refugees living in Germany. Berlin sharply criticized the move, with a government spokesperson saying: "Whoever courts this regime disqualifies themselves."
Lawmaker visits to Syria — an overview US Senator John McCain The Republican senator made two controversial, private trips to Syria. The first was in May 2013 when they met with members of the opposition Free Syrian Army. Shortly thereafter, the US began training and equipping opposition forces. The second was in January 2017, when McCain met with troops in Kurdish-held northern Syria. Although criticized in the media, Washington hasn't censured the senator.
Lawmaker visits to Syria — an overview US Representative Tulsi Gabbard In January 2017, the Democratic member of congress from Hawaii and military veteran went on a "fact finding" visit to Syria. In a complete reversal with US policy, Gabbard met with Assad during their trip. They were staunchly criticized by both Republicans and Democrats for the visit. Gabbard is one of the few US politicians to voice doubt over whether the Assad regime has been using chemical weapons.
Lawmaker visits to Syria — an overview MEPs meet with Assad Three members of the European Parliament led by Spanish MEP Javier Couso Permuy visited Syria and met with Assad as part of a "working visit." The EU parliament denied that the body paid for the trip, calling it an unofficial visit. The MEPs later formed a group called the Syria Peace Process Support Group, which met Assad in Syria again in March 2017.
Lawmaker visits to Syria — an overview Council of Europe head faces consequences Pedro Agramunt, the former president of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) went on a Russia-sponsored trip to Syria in March 2017. During the visit, the Spanish senator not only met with Assad, but with Russian officials, as well. Although they apologized, PACE prohibited them from traveling or speaking on behalf of the assembly. PACE did not have the power to dismiss him.
Lawmaker visits to Syria — an overview French lawmakers spark outrage at home In February 2015, four French MPs from different political parties met with Assad — bucking France's no-contact policy with the regime — and toured areas hit hard by the war, including the city of Homs (pictured above).Their trip was swiftly condemned by the French government and there were calls for the MPs to resign. All of them ended up staying in their posts. Author: Rebecca Staudenmaier
The trip was widely condemned by the German government and other opposition parties.
'Send refugees back'
The AfD politicians on Monday shared their impressions of the country, which has been plagued by an increasingly multifaceted war, at a press conference.
Blex said that while "there is no dispute that there are still war zones in Syria," there are regions that had not been destroyed at all.
The politicians reiterated that Syrian refugees currently living in Germany should be sent back.
Read more: Mistrust and Islamophobia see dramatic rise in Germany's melting pot
AfD parliamentarian Armin-Paulus Hampel suggested that the German government or the European Union could use funds at their disposal to "influence" Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to take back refugees under the condition that their critics are not put in jail upon their return.
Hampel said money could be a decisive factor to convince the Assad regime.
In Syria, the AfD politicians met with Syrian Foreign Minister Walid al-Muallim and the Minister for National Reconciliation, Ali Haidar. They also met Grand Mufti Ahmad Badreddine Hassoun, an Assad ally. They did not meet with any Syrian opposition groups.
The conflict in Syria entered its eighth year last week. More than 350,000 people have been killed and millions more displaced internally and internationally since the war began in 2011. The war has put global superpowers, including the US and Russia, on different sides of the conflict.
Who's fighting in the Syria conflict? Syrian war: a mosaic of chaos Syria has been engulfed in a devastating civil war since 2011 after Syrian President Bashar al-Assad lost control over large parts of the country to multiple revolutionary groups. The conflict has since drawn in foreign powers and brought misery and death to many civilians.
Who's fighting in the Syria conflict? The dictator Syria's army, officially known as the Syrian Arab Army (SAA), is loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and is fighting to restore the president's rule over the entire country. The SAA has been fighting alongside a number of pro-Assad militias such as the National Defense Force and has cooperated with military advisors from Russia and Iran, which back Assad.
Who's fighting in the Syria conflict? The northern watchman Turkey, which is also part of the US-led coalition against IS, has actively supported rebels opposed to Assad. It has a tense relationship with its American allies over US cooperation with Kurdish fighters, who Ankara says are linked to the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) fighting in Turkey. The Turkish military has intervened alongside rebels in northern Aleppo, Afrin and Idlib province.
Who's fighting in the Syria conflict? The eastern guardian The Kremlin has proven to be a powerful friend to Assad. Russian air power and ground troops officially joined the fight in September 2015 after years of supplying the Syrian army. Moscow has come under fire from the international community for the high number of civilian casualties during its airstrikes. However, Russia's intervention turned the tide in war in favor of Assad.
Who's fighting in the Syria conflict? The western allies A US-led coalition of more than 50 countries, including Germany, began targeting IS and other terrorist targets with airstrikes in late 2014. The anti-IS coalition has dealt major setbacks for the militant group. The US has more than a thousand special forces in the country backing the Syrian Democratic Forces.
Who's fighting in the Syria conflict? The rebels The Free Syrian Army grew out of protests against the Assad regime that eventually turned violent. Along with other non-jihadist rebel groups, it seeks the ouster of President Assad and democratic elections. After suffering a number of defeats, many of its members defected to hardline militant groups. It garnered some support from the US and Turkey, but its strength has been greatly diminished.
Who's fighting in the Syria conflict? The resistance Fighting between Syrian Kurds and Islamists has become its own conflict. The US-led coalition against the "Islamic State" has backed the Syrian Democratic Forces, an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias. The Kurdish YPG militia is the main component of the SDF. The Kurds have had a tacit understanding with Assad.
Who's fighting in the Syria conflict? The new jihadists "Islamic State" (IS) took advantage of regional chaos to capture vast swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria in 2014. Seeking to establish its own "caliphate," IS has become infamous for its fundamentalist brand of Islam and its mass atrocities. IS is facing defeat in both countries after the US and Russia led separate military campaigns against the militant group.
Who's fighting in the Syria conflict? The old jihadists IS is not the only terrorist group that has ravaged Syria. A number of jihadist militant groups are fighting in the conflict, warring against various rebel factions and the Assad regime. One of the main jihadist factions is Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham, which controls most of Idlib province and has ties with al-Qaeda.
Who's fighting in the Syria conflict? The Persian shadow Iran had supported Syrian President Bashar al-Assad before the conflict emerged in 2011. Eager to maintain its influence in the Middle East, Tehran has provided Damascus with strategic assistance, military training and ground troops. The Iran-backed Lebanese Shiite militant group Hezbollah also supports the Assad regime, fighting alongside Iranian forces and paramilitary groups in the country. Author: Elizabeth Schumacher, Alexander Pearson
ap/se (AFP, dpa)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
Lions first-five Owen Farrell has been pulled from the Lions' matchday 23 to face the Maori All Blacks in Rotorua on Saturday after sustaining a grade one quadriceps strain in training.
Owen Farrell of the Lions. Source: Photosport
Farrell, who has 52 caps for England, started for the Lions in their impressive 12-3 win over the Crusaders last week but was overlooked for the No.10 jersey this Saturday with Ireland's Johnny Sexton named to start at the playmaking role.
Welsh flyhalf Dan Biggar has replaced Farrell on the bench.
What's in Your Ring? is an EN series sponsored by Attwood Equestrian Surfaces in which riders share their favorite jumping exercises. It's easy to get stuck in a training rut, and we hope this will inspire you with fresh ideas that you can take home and incorporate into your own programs.
Buck Davidson visited Southern California in January for a much anticipated two-day clinic at the beautiful Copper Meadows Eventing facility in Ramona. The weather has been soggy here on the West coast of late, so much so that it made preparation for the clinic nearly impossible.
Thankfully, the Copper Meadows crew was hard at work preparing the footing for Buck, and riders were able to enjoy a brief reprieve from the rain on perfect footing. It was a great way to get a tune up for the upcoming season, and Buck was definitely up to the task.
On the first day of the clinic, Buck set up an intriguing series of angled lines criss-crossing the middle of the jump arena. As we scurried about to get the course set the night before, most of us were scratching our heads wondering exactly what Buck had up their sleeve.
“Surely they don't intend to make us all jump those angles?” we wondered aloud. Well, that was definitely their intent, even for the lower level horses and riders.
Buck's angled lines consisted of a four-fence question spaced at three, one and two strides. On the opposite diagonal, the angles were set at three strides. Buck varied the obstacles with verticals and square oxers so that the line could be jumped from either direction.
To begin, Buck put the fences down to crossrails, even for the upper-level horses, so as to introduce the exercise in a non-threatening manner. Buck pointed out that he'd rather have the horses make mistakes when it was easy to correct, so they had riders just trot through the lines, letting their horses peek if they needed to.
From there, Buck raised fences incrementally as the horses progressed. Because of the varying distances between each fence, the riders needed to focus on both accuracy and impulsion in order to make the striding work. If a horse came off of the line or lost impulsion coming in, the entire line was sacrificed or the rider was left to try to over correct.
The really interesting thing about these angles, as tough as they looked at first glance, was that the horses that were going Beginner Novice and the horses who were Advanced horses all got something out of it. I didn't see any horses or riders who were overfaced, even with the technicality of the exercise.
Instead, Buck broke it down so that it was doable right from the beginning and was patient if anyone had trouble.  They are a big believer in setting both horse and rider up for success, and it showed in their patient and encouraging teaching.
The idea of positioning your horse exactly where they need to be to simplify what you're asking of them was paramount throughout the clinic. Being aware of your aids — not telling your horse to go in a crooked line and then pulling them off of that line in an attempt to achieve straightness, for example — can help you more effectively communicate with your horse.
In all, the clinic was very educational and it was a privilege to see Buck in their teaching element. I think I can speak for all of the auditors and riders when I say that we all learned a lot and were lucky to have the opportunity to learn from one of the best in the sport. The fun thing about the angles is that they may look intimidating but they are totally doable, so definitely try it at home!
The Hornets celebrated homecoming with a 20-0 win over Colchester Friday night. See next Thursday's Reporter for more photos by Kyle St. Peter. ... See MoreSee Less Colchester would make a late drive as far as the 1-yard line, but that is all the Essex defense would allow Friday night. The Hornets won, 20-0. Covered for The Essex Reporter / Colchester Sun Photo
Some sights from 26th annual Thomas Fleming Egg Drop earlier this afternoon. Look for next week's Reporter for more photos. (Photos by Colin Flanders) ... See MoreSee Less Photo
“I can't believe that in Vermont, Essex is not one of the two or three primo jobs for managers,” said recruiter Don Jutton. “It just doesn't make sense to me.” ... See MoreSee Less Manager search window extended essexreporter.com The selectboard and trustees are extending their deadline for manager applications after their recruiter said they were befuddled by the search's results.
BREAKING: The Essex Westford School District has settled on a two-year contract with its teachers, board chairperson Martha Heath said in a statement today. Heath says terms of the deal will be released once it has been ratified by the board and teachers' association. ... See MoreSee Less
LONDON, May 3 (IFR) - The securitisation of £4.09bn UK student loans has been pushed back beyond June 8 with the government taking the decision to delay bringing a large and new asset class to market during a general election.
Income Contingent Student Loan 1 (2002-2006) was announced several weeks ago prior to the surprise election announcement on April 18.
"Following the vote to trigger a general election, the sale will not be completed during this Parliament," a Department for Education spokesperson said.
Barclays is sole arranger and joint-lead alongside Credit Suisse, JP Morgan and Lloyds.
The market had been expecting the leads to announce formal pricing indications by early May, but sources said it was not feasible to bring such a large transaction during a general election. (Reporting by Alex Chambers; editing by Sudip Roy)
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban is no fan of refugees and not one to mince words.
In September 2015, they declared: "European politicians, who spark migrants' hopes of finding a better life in Europe, encouraging them to leave everything behind and risk their lives to come here, are irresponsible. If Europe does not return to the path of reason, it will go under."
Orban made this statement at the height of the refugee crisis. They were the first European leader to close their country's border with barbed wire — to prevent new arrivals from getting in. That step solidified Orban's reputation as a hardliner.
Read more: Viktor Orban: Era of 'liberal democracy' is over
Railing against refugees
Few of their compatriots were surprised by their leader's tough stance. Orban, who co-founded and presently leads Hungary's national-conservative Fidesz party, has been serving as the country's prime minister since 2010. They also led Hungary between 1998 and 2002. In the beginning, many considered Orban a liberal. In recent years, however, they have shifted markedly to the right, putting anti-refugee policies at the top of their agenda.  They are also no stranger to fearmongering, comparing migration to a Trojan horse that breeds terrorism in Europe.  They are eager to preserve Hungary's ethnic homogeneity and explicitly warns against "mixing races."
It's little wonder then that Orban officially opposes EU quotas to relocate refugees throughout the bloc. Their position sparked massive protests and court cases, with Brussels even launching an infringement procedure against Budapest. Although earlier this year, Hungarian authorities admitted they had taken in 1,300 refugees in 2017 — which corresponds to Hungary's EU quota.
Razor wire did not deter everyone from trying to enter Hungary in 2015
Popular at home and abroad
Orban's uncompromising approach has earned them a loyal following at home. In Hungary's parliamentary elections on April 8, the Fidesz party scored a major victory. Together with its coalition partner, the Christian Democratic People's Party (KDNP), the governing parties command a two-thirds majority in parliament.
While Orban faces opposition from left-leaning politicians, they can also count on numerous foreign supporters. They have been a regular guest at the Bavarian Christian Social Union's (CSU) annual closed-door summit, and since October 2016, Orban and Horst Seehofer — the CSU party leader and German interior minister — even seem to be on a first-name basis. Indeed, Orban even declared Fidesz and the CSU were "brothers in arms."
Viktor Orban's most controversial migration comments 'Muslim invaders' "We don't see these people as Muslim refugees. We see them as Muslim invaders," Orban said in a recent interview with German daily Bild newspaper. The 54-year-old prime minister of Hungary added: "We believe that a large number of Muslims inevitably leads to parallel societies, because Christian and Muslim society will never unite." Multiculturalism, they said, "is only an illusion."
Viktor Orban's most controversial migration comments 'You wanted the migrants, we didn't' When asked by Bild whether it was fair for Germany to accept hundreds of thousands of refugees and migrants while Hungary accepted none, Orban responded: "The difference is, you wanted the migrants, and we didn't." Migration, they said, threatens the "sovereignty and cultural identity" of Hungary.
Viktor Orban's most controversial migration comments 'Migration is poison' It was not the first time the Hungarian leader has framed migration as a problem for their country. In 2016, they said that Hungary "does not need a single migrant for the economy to work, or the population to sustain itself, or for the country to have a future." They added: "for us migration is not a solution but a problem ... not medicine but a poison, we don't need it and won't swallow it.”
Viktor Orban's most controversial migration comments 'Importing homophobia' Orban has repeatedly criticized German Chancellor Angela Merkel for their decision to allow over a million migrants into Germany in the summer of 2015. Orban told Bild in early 2016: "If you take masses of non-registered immigrants from the Middle East into your country, you are importing terrorism, crime, antisemitism, and homophobia."
Viktor Orban's most controversial migration comments 'All terrorists are basically migrants' Orban has also repeatedly criticized the EU for trying to get member states to share refugees based on national quotas. In a 2015 interview with POLITICO, they suggested the bloc's leaders instead focus more on strengthening the EU's external border. In the same interview, they said: "Of course it's not accepted, but the factual point is that all the terrorists are basically migrants."
Viktor Orban's most controversial migration comments 'Parallel societies' Orban has found allies in other right-wing governments in eastern Europe such as Poland that also oppose the EU's refugee policies. In an interview with Spanish TV channel Intereconomia in 2015, Orban raised fears about integrating Muslim migrants in the EU when they said: "What sort of Europe do we want to have? Parallel societies? Muslim communities living together with the Christian community?" Author: Alexander Pearson
Blowing things out of proportion
There is a huge discrepancy between Orban's fierce anti-refugee rhetoric and the reality in EU. Only about 2.3 million refugees live across the bloc's 28 member states, which together have a total population of more than 500,000 million inhabitants. Refugees, therefore, make up just 0.45 percent of the population.
These figures are even lower in Hungary. Currently, only several hundred asylum-seekers are housed in purpose-built transit centers on the Hungarian-Serbian border. According to official reports, some 3,350 individuals applied for asylum in Hungary last year. Most of these individuals hail from Afghanistan, Iraq and Syria. While some 1,000 of them were granted temporary subsidiary protection, only about 100 were granted asylum. They are allowed to remain in the country and live in a refugee shelter and will have access to health care services. After one month, however, they will have to fend for themselves.
In Hungary, there are just six refugees per 10,000 inhabitants. In Germany, for comparison, there are 177 refugees per 10,000 inhabitants.
Despite these limited numbers of refugees, Orban's state visit to Germany will focus on the question of migration. Orban takes issue with German Chancellor Angela Merkel's policy-making, which they made abundantly clear at a press conference in Brussels in 2017: "We're facing a German problem, not a European problem."
Watch video 04:44 Now live 04:44 mins. Share Cracking down on dissent in Hungary Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/2xJKh Cracking down on dissent in Hungary
DW editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Vice President Maria Leonor Robredo has denied violating a gag order issued by the Supreme Court (SC) in connection with a poll protest filed against them by former senator Ferdinand Marcos Jr., saying they were merely addressing Marcos' alleged lies.
The Vice President made the denial in a compliance filed by their legal counsels Romulo Macalintal and Bernadette Sardillo, saying they did not disclose any sensitive information regarding an ongoing recount of votes from Camarines Sur, Negros Oriental and Iloilo in past media interviews.
“If any of our actions has offended the sensitivities of the honorable tribunal, we express sincere regret. There was no intention to violate the tribunal's orders. We were constrained to answer the frivolous media pronouncements made by the losing candidate, Marcos Jr., and their [spokesperson], lawyer Vic Rodriguez. Since the start of the revision [recount of ballots], the Marcos camp has been releasing misleading statements designed to cast doubt on the integrity of the recount proceedings and condition the mind of the public,” Macalintal said.
They were referring to a claim of the Marcos camp that audit logs were missing from ballot boxes even if Commission on Elections (Comelec) Resolution 10057 states that the envelope containing Initialization Report, Precinct Statistical Report and Precinct Audit Log Report should be delivered to election officers, not placed in ballot boxes.
It was on the first day of the recount of votes on April 2 when Marcos cried foul over the missing audit logs as well as the presence of wet ballots.
Later in the afternoon of May 2, Macalintal answered Marcos' accusations and assured the public that the absence of audit logs is not an anomaly and that wet ballots won't compromise the recount because all ballots cast in the 2016 elections have ballot images, which the Supreme Court, sitting as Presidential Electoral Tribunal (PET), can order to be printed.
Still, Marcos' sister, Gov. Imee Marcos of Ilocos Norte, repeated the same accusations of their brother on April 3.
The former senator's spokesperson Rodriguez also claimed last week that the Comelec had favored Robredo by issuing a September 2016 resolution stating that a 25 percent threshold of shaded oval in the ballot should be used in the manual counting of votes.
But based on the records of the poll body and the Supreme Court, the Comelec issued the September 2016 resolution on the 25 percent threshold for valid votes based on an August 2016 request of the SC asking the Comelec on what should be the threshold for the manual counting of votes.
“Any statements made and interviews given before the media [by the Robredo camp]were all done in defense of the unfounded media releases made by Marcos and their [spokesperson],” Robredo's compliance document read.
The Robredo camp pointed out that they had to respond to stories, which were aired and published in various media organizations, quoting “insider from the tribunal” regarding the status and other sensitive information on the recount.
“It would appear that this alleged insider met with the reporters of media outlets such that the same story was reported at the same time. Thus, any statements made were in defense of the rights, honor and integrity of the Vice President of the Philippines and the entire recount proceedings,” Robredo's counsels said.
“In all the media interviews since the start of the recount, counsels and representatives of Vice President Robredo have never revealed any sensitive information. Counsels and representatives of protestee Robredo have not violated the sub judice rule. Thus, counsels and representatives of protestee Robredo humbly prays for the indulgence and understanding of the honorable tribunal,” they added.
Robredo beat Marcos by 263,473 votes in the 2016 polls.
Marcos, however, is claiming that Robredo won by fraud and subsequently filed a poll protest.
The ongoing recount only covers three provinces chosen by protestant Marcos since rules of the Supreme Court sitting as the Presidential Electoral Tribunal state that the one who filed the protest should choose three provinces “best exemplifying poll fraud.”
Robredo has denied rigging the May 2016 polls for Vice President to win, saying they won the elections fair and square and the truth is on their side.
Ado Ekiti – The National Chairman of the Progressives Congress, (APC), Chief John Odigie Oyegun, on Monday declared that the forthcoming July 14, 2018 Ekiti governorship election is a must win for the party.
Oyegun made the remark in Ado Ekiti during the kick-off of fresh membership registration drive of the APC in Ekiti.
According to him, the party will deploy every available resources to win the election which they described as a litmus test ahead of 2019 general elections
They promised all the 33 APC governorship aspirants that the party would conduct a free, fair and credible primary in the state.
They ruled out the possibility of delegates' list padding and other fraudulent practices that could vitiate the outcome of the May 5 primary.
They also assured that the national secretariat of the party did not have any favourite among the aspirants as being insinuated.
The State Chairman of APC, Chief Jide Awe, reportedly in hiding over an alleged murder case, made a surprise appearance at the event.
Ekiti State Government had been after Awe, over their alleged complicity in the murder of Juliana Adewumi and Ayo Jeje, who were killed in Erinjiyan Ekiti on May 30, 2014 during the administration of Dr Kayode Fayemi.
Oyegun hinted that the delegates' list to conduct the primary had been compiled and would be made available to aspirants with good financial standing for verification.
“We will work hard to ensure that Ekiti returns to the progressive fold after the July 14 election.
“Though, we are in power at the centre, but that doesn't mean we should not work hard.
” President Muhammadu Buhari, as you know, will not rig or compromise or subvert the will of the electorate, so we must work hard to deserve the victory that will come to us,” they said.
Oyegun had earlier on arrival made a stop-over at the party secretariat where they flagged-off of the new membership registration exercise.
Oyegun was received by party chieftains, including the Minister of Mines and Steel Development, Dr Kayode Fayemi, the Deputy National Chairman (South), Chief Segun Oni and members of the State Working Committee.
Other aspirants at the event included Sen. Gbenga Aluko, Sen. Ayo Arise, Wole Oluyede, Wole Oluleye, Capt. Sunday Adebomi, Bimbo Daramola, Dr Mojisola Yaya-Kolade, Victor Kolade, Mr Kola Alabi, Mr Diran Adesua, Dr Bayo Oriire and Femi Bamisile.
Others like Mr Opeyemi Bamidele, Sen. Babafemi Ojudu and Mr.Bamidele Faparusi sent representatives.
“We have got your demands and we are giving you assurances that there will be no imposition and that the primary shall be free, fair and credible
“To all the aspirants, you must not campaign as if there won't be tomorrow. Don't campaign in a way that breeds enmity. I learnt that you are above 30, but the large number shouldn't be a source of problem.
“Let me say this clearly, anybody who wants to fly the flag of our party must maintain decorum. We shall be fair to you as much as possible because there can't be peace when justice is denied
“We must not also have bad losers, you must work with whoever the electors pick as their candidate during the primary.
“All aspirants must ensure that there is no division before and after the primary. We are also barring members of SWC from joining the bandwagon of campaign for any of the aspirants, because this can cause further division,” they stated.
Oyegun said the choice of Ekiti to flag off the programme was strategic, saying this conveyed a vivid and strong message of love for the people of the state, especially with regards to the July poll.
“I am happy with APC in Ekiti with the level of mobilization from our aspirants. You have shown that you are desirous to join the progressive fold. We didn't choose Ekiti for the flag off of this programme by accident
“We have decided that this election is one that we will particularly work hard and leave no stone unturned, because to us it is a must-win election”, they said. (NAN)
ORLANDO, FLA. (WSVN) - A family who lost a beloved teddy bear during a trip to Disney World is offering $500 reward for the priceless toy's return.
Amy Earley took to Facebook to describe their daughter's heartache upon discovering their teddy bear was gone.
The family was heading home from their Orlando vacation when Earley said their daughter realized their “baby bear” was gone.
“As we're traveling north down I-77, my daughter's yelling because we can't find their baby bear,” Earley told Fox 35.
The family back tracked, but said they couldn't find the bear at the hotel or gas station. That's when they discovered the bear likely flew out of an open window at some point on the ride home.
Now, they are offering a reward of $500 for the bear's return.
“My [3-year-old] daughter has never been a day without this bear and is completely heartbroken and breaking mine,” Earley wrote.
Earley said they have given their daughter a lookalike bear for now, but they still hope Baby Bear can be found.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
15, June 2017: San Antonio Car Key Pro's has formally announced their awareness campaign to help prevent infant deaths who have been forgotten about in vehicles by offering a free arm band to all customers who hire their automotive locksmith services.
Due to the continuous increase in casualties of infants who fall victim to heat deaths because of being forgotten about in vehicles San Antonio Car Key Pro's has announced their Infant Hot Vehicle Death Prevention campaign.
Mr. Uberoi the manager of San Antonio Car Key Pro's made a statement to press yesterday by saying that all infants who are left in vehicles are preventable. “It is a tragedy that deaths to infants happen. We just got tired of seeing these cases in the news. Because of this we have created our Infant Hot Vehicle Death Campaign in order to prevent future instances from occurring”.
In the United States there are an estimated 236 cases of infant deaths as a result from being forgotten about in vehicles. Most deaths are caused by careless fathers or caretakers. “We cannot let this happen again. We are now handing out our big rubber wrist bands for free to all customers who hire our automotive locksmith services in order to remind them of the importance of remembering their children”. Mr. Uberoi stated.
San Antonio Car Key Pro's is a pioneer in delivering high-quality, exceptional and long lasting automotive locksmith services to the San Antonio area. “In our continuous effort to promote a safe and secure environment, we have identified the death of infants through accidents as a major factor that needs to be curbed before it runs out of mind. We seize this opportunity to welcome everyone to join us in this campaign”. Mr. Uberoi concluded.
San Antonio Car Key Pro's is one of the larger automotive locksmith companies in the area. With a staff of certified locksmiths and many years in business they are proving to be a cut rate locksmith service. For more information interested parties can visit their website at http://carkeyssanantoniotx.com.
For Media Contact:
Company: San Antonio Car Key Pro's
Phone: 210-960-8984
Email: dispatch@carkeyssanantoniotx.com
Website: http://carkeyssanantoniotx.com
Suspending Cambridge Analytica and SCL Group from Facebook https://t.co/z7wCCqlbcA
— Facebook Newsroom (@fbnewsroom) March 17, 2018
A millenial data scientist ‘Chris Wylie' who claims to be a 'whistle-blower' has reportedly made big revelations about data breach of over 50 million Facebook users.The shares of social media giant plunged drastically following the widespread criticism for data breach allegations.Wylie has alleged that a Trump-affiliated firm, created a profiling algorithm that “took fake news to the next level.”The firm Cambridge Analytica, is under scrutiny for the levelled allegations of inappropriately obtaining data on millions of Facebook users.It allegedly secured personal data in order to learn about individuals and then used it to create fake information web with a motive to change their perception.The data breach is reportedly based on the idea of informational dominance, that is, the idea of capturing every channel of information around someone and then injecting content around them. It has the potential of changing the perception of what is happening. This can be used to control how one behaves and responds after injecting the favourable perception.The company has amassed a huge amount of personal data of American citizens which has put at stake the integrity of the elections in the country and raised concern over the right to privacy of the people.On Friday, Facebook had announced that it would ban Cambridge Analytica for improperly obtaining the information from 270,000 people.According to reports Facebook first learned of the breach more than two years ago, but hasn't disclosed it until now.Cambridge Analytica has strongly denied the allegations and has stated that the whistle blower was contractor with the firm and they were not one of the founders. The firm said none of that data was used in its 2016 election work for the "avoidance of doubt."President Donald Trump team has denied using Cambridge Analytics's data. It said that it depended on Republican National committee for its data.
Camp WOW (Working on the Wichitas) is a fantastic way for young adults with special needs to gain work experience while enjoying the great outdoors.
Last week and this week, two different groups arrived at the Wichita Mountains Wildlife Refuge around 3 p.m. Sunday, in time to set up their tents and make dinner. After a safety orientation on Monday, they typically spend Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday picking up trash or painting gate guards all over the refuge.
They fill out time sheets every time they're done, and they get paid for every hour they work. Their temporary employer of record is the Galt Foundation, a statewide nonprofit organization that specializes in temporary employment for people with disabilities. The Friends of the Wichitas pays for their camp fees.
"We run with our campers Sunday through Friday," said Loni LeForce, a University of Oklahoma doctoral student who will soon be starting a new job as a pre-transition specialist for the University of Missouri after serving as a special education teacher with Elgin Public Schools last year.
"We do transition activities for students with disabilities. Our goal is to help them achieve competitive employment. That's also what this is for, too," they explained.
The campers work on job readiness skills every day.
"We talk about how to talk to your boss, what kinds of jobs you want in the future, what kind of skills you have, how to explore those things," LeForce said.
Everyone in Camp WOW is a client of the state Department of Rehabilitation Services, which means each one has a counselor helping them or them to set and achieve goals.
"Research shows us that when kids have disabilities and they can do job readiness skills or have jobs in high school, they are more than likely going to have competitive employment outside of high school. So this is a unique opportunity for some of them to explore maybe a career they never thought of in a different way, and that's why we do it," LeForce explained.
Camp WOW is for ages 16-22. The camp was split into two one-week sessions. Last week was more for the younger end of the spectrum, while those on the job this week are 18 and over. The camp had eight workers in week one and 12 in week two, a big boost from last year when the total throughput was five.
"We kind of broke that up on purpose. Most of the kids last week were going to be in high school for one or two more years. Most of the kids this week are either having their last year of high school or they've completed all their high school requirements and are now in the transition program where they attend vocational school half a day and then transition to work the other half of the day," LeForce said.
Trevor Bryant, 17, of Norman dreams of being a movie director and actor, and he's been writing scripts: "I'm on scene three of a movie called 'X-Men: New Beginning,' which is like when they're younger. So I hope it gets made into a movie one day."
They and their grandmother heard about Camp WOW at their school, and they decided to apply. They were interviewed by a man named Larry and selected for the job.
"So I'm up here working in the Wichita Mountains, which I'm happy to do," Trevor said. "It's very beautiful. I especially love the mountains, trees. I love all the elk, bison and longhorn cows. And I love being with good people. There's very nice people. I love being outdoors, sir - We're camping out in tents. My two tent mates are Zack and Chris."
They cooked their breakfast burritos over an open fire that they built themselves.
"It's very fun. Different, but it's very fun," Trevor said. "Trying new things is very good - I've never really held a job like this before. It's very interesting. You have to do a paycheck book. You get to be outdoors in nature, and meet friends and just get a new experience. Like painting's very fun."
Mandi Defoor, 20, of Elgin is a 2016 graduate of Elgin High School who continues to attend school there half-days. The other half of the day she's at Great Plains Technology Center, where she's currently in hospitality. She's been to the refuge before, so their mother signed them up for Camp WOW. They said there was a lot to learn and she's had fun. They like being outdoors, and she's been able to see parts of the refuge she's never been to before.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global OMEGA-6 Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the OMEGA-6 market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Arista Industries, Copeinca ASA, Croda International, Denomega Nutritional Oils, Martek Biosciences Corporation, Barleans Organic Oils, Barleans Organic Oils, Pharma Marine USA, Vega Nutritionals, Zymes. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this OMEGA-6 Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-omega-6-market/10354/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global OMEGA-6 market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the OMEGA-6 market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The OMEGA-6 Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of OMEGA-6. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of OMEGA-6 in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : From Sunflower Oil, From Soybean Oil, From Sesame Oil, From Rapeseed Oil, From Palm Oil, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Dietary Supplements, Functional Foods & Beverages, Pharmaceuticals, Animal Feeds, Others.
Key Highlights Of The OMEGA-6 Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-omega-6-market/10354/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes OMEGA-6 new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international OMEGA-6 market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The OMEGA-6 industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
DENVER (AP) — Taylor Swift won $1 and long-awaited vindication after a jury decided that a radio host groped them during a pre-concert photo op four years ago.
After a weeklong trial over dueling lawsuits, jurors determined that fired Denver DJ David Mueller assaulted the pop star by grabbing their backside during a backstage meet-and-greet. The six-woman, two-man jury also found that Swift's mother and radio liaison were within their rights to contact Mueller's bosses.
Mueller sued the Swifts and their radio handler, Frank Bell, seeking up to $3 million for their ruined career.
Just before closing arguments, the judge dismissed Taylor Swift from Mueller's lawsuit, saying they had failed to prove that they sought to get Mueller fired or had any reason to believe that someone else may have assaulted them U.S. District Judge William Martinez also drastically reduced the amount Mueller could collect.
The singer-songwriter said in their countersuit that they wanted a symbolic $1 and the chance to stand up for other women.
Testimony showed that Swift reported the incident to their mother and others on their team, but that they never sought any specific action regarding Mueller.
From the start, Swift's side portrayed the encounter as a clear case of sexual assault, even though they never reported it to police. Them mother tearfully testified that they asked Bell to reach out to Mueller's employers at country station KYGO-FM instead because they wanted to handle the matter quietly and avoid exposing the singer-songwriter to publicity.
Bell contacted a station vice president and asked for an investigation of Mueller's conduct. They also sent the station executive a photo taken of Swift, Mueller and Mueller's then-girlfriend at the meet-and-greet.
In a fiery hourlong stint on the witness stand last week, Swift blasted a low-key characterization by Mueller's attorney, Gabriel McFarland, of what happened. While Mueller testified they never grabbed Swift, they insisted they were groped.
“He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him,” Swift testified.
“It was a definite grab. A very long grab,” they added.
Mueller emphatically denied reaching under the pop star's skirt or otherwise touching them inappropriately, insisting they touched only their ribs and may have brushed the outside of their skirt as they awkwardly posed for the picture.
That photo was virtually the evidence besides the testimony. In the image shown to jurors during opening statements but not publicly released, Mueller's hand is behind Swift, just below their waist. Both are smiling. Mueller's then-girlfriend is standing on the other side of Swift.
Swift testified that after they were groped, they numbly told Mueller and their girlfriend, “Thank you for coming,” and moved on to photos with others waiting in line because they did not want to disappoint them.
But they said they immediately went to their photographer after the meet-and-greet ended and found the photo of them with Mueller, telling the photographer what happened.
Andrea Swift testified that they asked Bell to call Mueller's employers. They did not call the police to avoid further traumatizing their daughter, they said.
“We absolutely wanted to keep it private, but we didn't want them to get away with it,” Andrea Swift testified.
Bell said they emailed the photo to Robert Call, KYGO's general manager, for use in Call's investigation of Mueller. They said they didn't ask that Mueller be fired but that “appropriate action be taken.”
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
BRIEF-Service & Quality Technology to set up unit in Hong Kong via subsidiary
* Says it plans to invest HK$7 million in its Hong Kong-based subsidiary to help to set up a new sub-subsidiary in Hong Kong
Are you looking for a search engine marketing company Pune who can help you with content marketing, link building or competitor analysis? Then Saletify which is a top-notch search engine marketing company in Pune can be your right choice.
We deliver high quality SEM services Pune like keyword analysis, code optimization, content strategy, etc. and serve a number of satisfied customers across India.
To get more details about visit?— http://saletify.com/service/social-media-marketing/
Workers load containers onto trucks from a cargo ship at a port in Jaragua do Sul, Santa Catarina state, Brazil, October 22, 2015. REUTERS/Paulo Prada
BRASILIA Brazil's trade surplus rose to $6.969 billion last month, government data showed on Tuesday, a record for a month of April as prices for main exports such as soy, iron ore and oil rose.
Economists in a Reuters poll predicted a surplus of $7.03 billion, according to their median forecast, after a surplus of $4.862 billion in April 2016.
Brazil's hefty trade surplus has bolstered the country's currency despite a lingering political crisis and has fueled hopes of an imminent recovery after more than two years of deep recession. The real BRL= has gained 3 percent so far this year.
The government expects the trade surplus to set a new record this year, surpassing $55 billion, Trade Secretary Abrão Neto told journalists.
Exports totaled $17.686 billion and imports $10.717 billion. Exports rose 27.8 percent from a year earlier boosted by rising commodities prices, while imports grew 13.3 percent.
Average iron ore prices between January and April rose 127 percent from a year earlier, while oil gained 75 percent and poultry rose 19.3 percent, the trade ministry said.
Meat exports including beef, poultry and pork rose 0.2 percent from April 2016. Rising prices offset a 13-percent drop in volumes exported per day after a corruption scandal in the Brazilian meat industry led to temporary import bans last month.
Soybean exports rose 24 percent in April from a year ago, to $3.9 billion, amid a record harvest.
Brazil had a trade surplus of $21.387 billion between January and April, also a record for the period.
(Reporting by Silvio Cascione; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Marguerita Choy)
TOP STORY:
SOC--WCUP-RUSSIA-RACISM
MOSCOW — Racist and anti-gay chants have become more common in Russian soccer as the country prepares to host the World Cup, even as overall incidents of discrimination declined. By James Ellingworth. SENT: 540 words, photos.
NEW/DEVELOPING:
Advertisement
TEN--FRENCH OPEN
PARIS — Top-ranked Simona Halep, a two-time finalist at the French Open, finally makes their debut in this year's tournament on Day 4, facing Alison Riske in a postponed match. By Howard Fendrich. UPCOMING: 700 words, photos.
BKN--NBA FINALS
OAKLAND, Calif. — Klay Thompson sat on the floor in the middle of their teammates and pointed to their "2018 NBA FINALS" hat during a locker-room photo. An important face was missing from the moment: Andre Iguodala. By Janie McCauley. SENT: 600 words, photos.
RGU--SOUTH AFRICA-TEAM
JOHANNESBURG — Springboks coach Rassie Erasmus will give at least seven players their test debut under stand-in captain Pieter-Steph du Toit in the game against Wales in Washington this weekend. SENT: 300 words, photos.
WORLD CUP:
SOC--WCUP-MOMENTS-BATTLE OF SANTIAGO
"Good evening. The game you are about to see is the most stupid, appalling, disgusting and disgraceful exhibition of football, possibly in the history of the game." Those were the words of BBC commentator David Coleman as they introduced the British broadcaster's coverage of a group match between host Chile and Italy at the 1962 World Cup. By Pan Pylas. SENT: 300 words, photos.
SOC--WCUP-PORTUGAL'S TIME
After finally breaking through with its first major title at the European Championship two years ago, Portugal will use the same formula at the World Cup. The European champions will travel to Russia with many of the players from the squad that won Euro 2016, including Cristiano Ronaldo, and it will also carry the same low-key mentality it had when it succeeded in France. By Tales Azzoni. SENT: 630 words, photos.
FOOTBALL:
SOC--BAYERN-LEWANDOWSKI
MUNICH — Robert Lewandowski wants to leave Bayern Munich, according to agent Pini Zahavi. Zahavi told Sport Bild magazine that the Bundesliga's top scorer "feels that they need a change and a new challenge in their career." SENT: 310 words, photos.
SOC--JAPAN-GHANA
YOKOHAMA, Japan — Akira Nishino made their debut as Japan coach on Wednesday in a 2-0 loss to Ghana. In steady rain at Nissan Stadium, Thomas Partey gave Ghana a 1-0 lead in the ninth minute with free kick from the top of the area. Emmanuel Boateng doubled the advantage from the penalty spot in the 51st. By Jim Armstrong. SENT: 260 words, photos.
Other Stories:
— BBO--BASEBALL CAPSULES — Gardner, Torres rally Yankees to 6-5 win over Astros in 10. SENT: 2,080 words, photos.
YOUR QUERIES: Questions and story requests are welcome. Contact your local AP bureau or the AP International Sports Desk in London by telephone at +44 207 427 4224 or email lonsports@ap.org.
Meals on Wheels provides much more than just a meal to those in need.
Meals on Wheels provides much more than just a meal to those in need.
With Christmas just around the corner, Queensland Meals on Wheels is asking people to support the iconic organisation to help make a difference to the hearts and homes of many in need.
The not-for-profit organisation is conducting a survey in the lead up to Christmas, and your opinion can help them improve services and strengthen their contribution to local communities around the state.
Queensland Meals on Wheels' State Manager, David Bannister, said the festive season is a busy time of year for the organisation, so feedback from the community will provide valuable information on how the local services are perceived in the community, to ensure they continue to deliver services to those in need for years to come.
"Meals on Wheels is about connecting with our local communities by sharing the gift of a warm smile, nourishing meal and lifelong friendships," said David Bannister.
"We are run by the community, for the community and we're asking the people of Queensland to support us by providing their feedback to allow us to improve our service."
Meals on Wheels' services throughout Queensland currently deliver around 2 million meals a year to people in cities, rural and regional areas.
The survey is available online at https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/TR38PVW and will only take a couple of minutes to complete.
If you know someone who may require assistance or for information on how to volunteer, visit www.qmow.org or www.facebook.com/MealsonWheelsQueensland.
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Ban for Clacton driver who watched iPad on A12
A man from Clacton has been banned from driving and faces 200 hours of community service after being caught watching their iPad on the A12.
Matthew Brogan, 34, of Skelmersdale Road pleaded guilty to dangerous driving after watching their iPad whilst doing 60mph on the A12 near Marks Tey.
Offshore Development Services are found to be advantageous for many organizations all over the globe.Offshore Development Services help organizations gain a leading-edge.
There are various Offshore Development Services methodologies such as the Agile Methodology, Waterfall Methodology, Spiral Methodology, Lean Methodology, Prototype methodology.
Majority of organizations face the dilemma of which software development methodology is the most prominent? According to us using the Agile Offshore Development Services Methodology is most advantageous for the business as well as the service provider.
Following are the top 5 reasons to choose Agile Offshore Development Services:
1.Improved Quality: Agile Offshore Development Services incorporate continuous integration and testing which ensures that high-quality software is delivered to the market.With the help of Agile Methodology, Offshore Development Services team can improve processes and work.
2.Faster ROI: An Agile Offshore Development Services methodology improves the time to market of software.These help organizations gain competitive advantage.Agile methodology helps in keeping focus on the business values and guarantees improved ROI.
3.Easy iterations: Using an Agile methodology in Offshore Development Services allow easy iterations.In agile methodology, codes are broken into smaller fragments and then designed, developed and tested.
4.Reduced Risks: An Agile Offshore Development Services methodology eliminates the chances of product failure.Agile Methodology gives the freedom to make changes at any stage of development with little upfront costs.
5. Project Transparency: An Agile Offshore Development Services clearly defines the project requirement,the goals, Milestones and their timely review. This ensures process transparency through the entire project lifecycle.
Suma Soft is known for offering innovative and Agile Offshore Development Services to clients from a various industry background.Our 17 +Years strong experience in the field of Offshore Development Services ensure that your Offshore Development experience surpass your expectations.Get a Risk-Free Trial our Services Here-https://goo.gl/NbJjj9
Contact Us:
Call : +1 281 764 1825
Name: Rick Cooper
Email : info@sumasoft.com
website: www.sumasoft.com
Adie Mueller brings their solo adaption of E.T.A. Hoffmann's classic short story ‘The Sandman' to the Fringe this year. The Student asked them about their interest in the story and what it was like adapting it for the stage.
What was it about ETA Hoffmann's ‘The Sandman' that appealed to you?
A friend told me about the story a long time ago, and I felt intrigued. When I was looking for material for a solo show, I remembered the story and read it. I knew immediately that I wanted to work with it. And my collaborator Mike Carter was very keen, too. It [was] an immediate attraction, like falling in love with someone, but you don't quite know why. Afterwards, you find some reasons, even if they don't explain everything. The story is really evocative and rich in terms of its themes and motifs. It speaks to the child's fear of the dark, the eyes and the process of growing up; it questions whether we see an objective reality or our perception is distorted by our own fears and desires. [It also questions if] there are some dark forces that have power over us and whether we are in control of our lives; it also features a female automaton, called Olympia, a nineteenth century robot. All in all, the story is very uncanny and unnerving.
What were your main ambitions for telling this story in your own way?
I decided to do a solo show after a long break from professional theatre. I wanted to be able to fit my theatre work around childcare and a job, which is a lot easier when you are on your own. So once we had chosen the story, the main ambition was to find a form that would allow one person to tell the story in a way that reflects its unnerving and unsettling nature. I also wanted to create a solo show that was dynamic and surprising from moment to moment. The danger with solo work is that it becomes predictable and boring after a while.
We also wanted to make the story contemporary, i.e. move it from early nineteenth century Germany to early twenty-first century Britain. The question “what is reality?” is particularly pertinent in the digital age, where a lot of our thoughts and actions are influenced by ‘unknown' forces and we can no longer verify what is fake and what is true. We were also interested in the idea of artificial intelligence. In our version, Olympia is a sophisticated humanoid sex robot, whom Nathaniel falls in love with. Funnily enough, Mike recently came across a documentary about the rise of the sex robot [in real life]. An American company will launch one on the U.S. market this autumn! One can't get more topical than that!
How long have you been touring with the show?
We did a preview at The Place Theatre in Bedford in 2015, where we had also developed the show. I then performed at Bedfringe (Bedford's Fringe Festival) and Camden Fringe. The show was also selected for the London Horror Festival 2015, where it had a one-week run. I toured the show in spring this year and it's now coming to the Edinburgh Fringe. I am organising another tour for spring 2018.
What challenges, if any, did you experience in adapting the story for a solo show?
That's a really good question. First of all, I play all the different characters and had to make them vocally and physically distinct. As mentioned earlier, we wanted to tell the story with one performer and find a form that reflects its uncanny nature. When we started, we had no idea how to get there and it took us a long time to figure it out. We came up with the figure of a woman narrator who shows up on stage with a few objects. They begin to arrange them, and then suddenly these characters appear through her, as if they were some kind of spiritual medium. And they are not fully in control of the story and quite scared of what might happen to them So it's almost like a séance. The audience doesn't need to know this, but it's helpful for me to have a sort of ‘back-story' in my mind while doing it.
Do you feel that the story is experienced by the audience differently through a solo show, as opposed to a more traditional theatre production?
Yes, definitely. In our version, I decided not to ignore the audience but to use direct address. Each character tells a bit of the story to the audience, who almost become confidantes. This creates a very direct and intimate relationship. We also decided to tell the story in a non-linear way, i.e. it moves forward and backward in time, and the audience gradually pieces together what happened to Nathaniel as a child.
How long have you been using puppetry in your performances?
Oh, it's the first time I'm using puppetry! Nathaniel as a boy and their sister are represented by dolls, and that really had to do with the story. The creation of human-like ‘dolls' is central to the story; Nathaniel believes they are being controlled by the Sandman like a puppet. And dolls are very ‘uncanny'. A friend of mine who is an excellent puppeteer, taught me how to animate them.
The main character Nathaniel is a student. Can you tell us a bit more about their character, without giving too much away? How similar is they to the protagonist in Hoffman's short story?
 They are pretty much the same as in the original story. As a child Nathaniel is terrified of the figure of the Sandman, because their nanny told them that the Sandman comes into children's bedrooms at night to take their eyes. When they hear a nightly visitor, they believe them to be the Sandman. They investigate and something terrible happens. Many years later, when they are at university, they encounter a man who looks exactly like the ‘Sandman'. This brings back traumatic childhood memories and Nathaniel thinks the Sandman is coming after him… So they get really obsessed with this idea and slowly loses their grip on reality. I will not give away anymore.
What do people tell you about your show? How do they react?
Honestly, I've had really fantastic responses to the show. People love the performance and the fast-paced switches between characters. They also relate to Nathaniel as a boy and because of that invest in them as an adult. Some people find the show genuinely terrifying. I was really amazed to find that it appeals to a wide range of audiences; teenagers and young adults love the gothic genre, and older audiences are equally enthusiastic. During the Camden Fringe and London Horror Festival run, some reviewers took issue with the non-linear structure and said that it was not always easy to know where you are in the story. We've since addressed this and made changes so the audience can feel a little more secure. But ultimately, it's not an ‘easy' show that you can watch and then forget about. It will stay with you long after it has finished.
Is this your first time at the Edinburgh Fringe? Why did you want to bring Sandman to Edinburgh?
I went as a student many years ago, so it's my second time. I decided to take the show to the Fringe for the experience of being part of a huge festival, to reach out to new audiences, to get more feedback and reviews and to promote it for touring. I'm also keen to see as much work by other companies as possible and meet interesting artists and people. Ultimately, I love performing. It's feels like a huge privilege to me to be able to do what I love.
In three words, how would you NOT describe your show?
Predictable, safe and pedestrian.
Sandman
ZOO @ the Pleasance
From the 17th until the 28th August.
Buy tickets here
DISCLAIMER: Sandman by Adie Mueller is not to be confused with Shindig Theatre Company's The Sandman, which is a different production.
Image: Adie Mueller
Waiting until the quality of automobile LED Headlight Bulbs met their exacting standards, HIDSRUS.com are now offering a wide selection of choices at their popular online store.
February 02, 2018
Experts agree automotive LED Headlights have finally come of age and deliver reliable, quality and long-lasting performance. This breakthrough has inspired well-known and trusted automobile headlight specialists HIDSRUS.com to officially add LED headlight bulbs to their very extensive catalogs. Their best-selling headlight HID kits are also still available. The excitement surrounding the new choice in high-performance headlights, which deliver low beam, high beam, and fog light options is skyrocketing.
“Clear the darkness with HID lights and LED bulbs from HIDSRUS.com,” commented a spokesperson from the company. “Since 2004 we have put the customer experience first, by only offering the best product choices at attractive prices and that drive proudly continues.”
According to HIDSRUS.com, LED headlight bulbs are available for cars, trucks, SUVs, ATVs, motorcycles, and snowmobiles. The brightness of the lights truly impresses and makes it clear why they are becoming a favorite in the custom vehicle industry. All of the products sold at the online store are covered by an enthusiastic two-year “no questions asked” policy, with the option to purchase lifetime warranties also available.
Some of the big name auto companies both HID kits and LED bulbs are stocked for include Acura, BMW, Aston Martin, Bugatti, Alfa Romeo, Bentley, Cadillac, Chevrolet, GM, Chrysler, Hyundai, GMC, Dodge and many, many others. A full list is available at HIDSRUS.com and even auto and powersport companies not listed a quick call or email can help find an option for a customer that is likely available.
Shopper feedback continues to be passionate across the board.
John G., from California, recently said in a five-star review, “Your site is very easy to navigate and your products are very high quality!”
Expect the latest in HID kits and LED bulbs to continue to be added to the online catalog as they become available and pass the company's exacting demand for quality.
For more information be sure to visit https://www.hidsrus.com.
“Never did I think that people in Galveston are so closed-minded,” said business owner Asad Khan. “I am honestly sick to my stomach. And frankly, fearful.”
Muslim man says he's closing Galveston restaurant because of threats, harassment https://t.co/53mRH3tQPN — Dallas Morning News (@dallasnews) June 15, 2017
A business owner in Galveston, Texas, has been forced to shut down their restaurant after they allegedly received religiously charged death threats.
In an interview, Asad Khan, a Muslim immigrant, explained why they chose to close ZaZa Bar & Bites.
“People want me dead because of me being a Muslim,” they told Chron.com. “Never did I think that people in Galveston are so closed-minded. […] I am honestly sick to my stomach. And frankly, fearful.”
Khan's restaurant was reportedly vandalized last year with bacon and bacon grease, which could be an attempt to offend them since Muslims don't consume pork.
And it only got worse from there, according to Khan.
“I shut ZaZa down because of death threats towards me via phone calls,” they added. “In the last seven weeks or so [the] calls became worse. I did not enjoy being called ‘sand n****r' or people telling me that I will die in ZaZa.”
Chron.com reports some people peddled rumors online that Khan was lying and that the decision to close down the restaurant was related to their financial troubles.
However, Khan has refuted the allegations, saying ZaZa is not their only source of income.
"I had seen on Facebook when ZaZa was 'baconed' last year that people down here believed that I was behind it. It really hurt me. There is no bankruptcy, none being filed," they said. "It's easier to blame the victim than accept we have a problem."
The local community, however, has been supportive of Khan.
"I think it's sad that we're not more tolerant of each other. I mean, we're all different. We have to embrace each other's differences,” Sharon Miller, a Galveston resident, told CW39.
According to an Institute for Social Policy and Understanding report, “America Muslim Poll 2017: Muslims at the Crossroads,” released earlier this year: 60 percent of Muslim Americans have been subjected to discrimination based on religion in 2016.
A man breathes through an oxygen mask, after what rescue workers described as a suspected gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
In the early hours of April 7, the U.S. military launched a series of missile strikes against an air base in northern Syria, in retaliation for the Syrian regime's chemical weapons attack against civilians three days earlier.
The strike shows that President Donald Trump is more willing to use military force in Syria than their predecessor, Barack Obama. But it raises another crucial question: Why would Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, whose regime has consolidated control over Syria's largest cities in the past year and put the rebels on the defensive, risk a new international backlash by using chemical weapons? If he's winning, why would Assad take such a risk?
The answer lies in Assad's refusal to compromise or offer any significant concessions since the Syrian uprising began in March 2011, and later morphed into a civil war. Assad overplayed their hand this time, after being emboldened by recent statements from White House officials that it was time for Western powers to accept the “political reality” of Assad's continued dominance. Assad likely decided to test those boundaries, not expecting Trump to respond militarily because the U.S. president has made it clear that they see fighting Islamic State as their highest priority in Syria and Iraq.
Aside from their brutality – the war has killed more than 500,000 people and displaced nearly half of Syria's population – Assad's staying power is rooted in a convoluted foreign policy, pioneered by their father, Hafez al-Assad. Syria played the role of a regional broker and Arab nationalist standard-bearer since 1970, when the elder Assad seized power through a military coup. They perfected the art of creating defensive alliances, nurturing proxies in neighboring countries and keeping their enemies stalled in costly battles.
Since they rose to power after their father's death in June 2000, the younger Assad learned to keep all of their options open, and to play Syria's friends and enemies off one another. Assad has portrayed themselves as the only one capable of keeping Syria's army and other state institutions from disintegrating, and preventing the country from falling entirely into the grip of Islamic extremists. To the West, Assad projected themselves as the lesser evil – compared to Islamic State, and other jihadists affiliated with al Qaeda – even if their regime has instigated more death and destruction than their enemies.
Assad seems determined to replicate the foreign policy of their past, when they were able to hold on to power by being brutal, focusing outward and waiting for regional dynamics to change in their favor. To endure the pressure and international isolation imposed by the George W. Bush administration after its invasion of Iraq in 2003, Assad relied on their father's foreign policy. The younger Assad feared that Syria was vulnerable to an American invasion, so their regime facilitated the recruiting, training and safe passage for hundreds of Syrian and foreign volunteers to join al Qaeda in Iraq to fight U.S. troops and destabilize the Iraqi government.
When popular protests first swept the Arab world in early 2011, Assad was confident that they had nothing to fear because they continued their father's foreign policy legacy – they did not depend on American military and political support like the leaders of Tunisia, Egypt, Bahrain and Yemen.
Instead, Assad and their allies formed the “axis of resistance” – Iran, Syria and the Islamist militant groups Hezbollah and Hamas. They boasted that the revolts had proven that they are the true representative of the majority of people in the Arab and Muslim worlds, who for decades had been stifled under regimes that “sold out” to the United States.
In refusing to make substantial concessions, Assad has relied on another tactic they learned from their father: The Syrian regime does not make compromises under pressure, whether external or internal, and this principle had served it well in times of crisis. Assad also saw the initial response to popular protests in Tunisia and Egypt, and they likely concluded that by not cracking down forcefully, those rulers appeared weak and encouraged protesters to broaden their demands. So when their own people revolted, Assad decided to hunker down and crush the uprising.
At the start of the rebellion in 2011, Assad used Islamic militants to destabilize their opponents, as they had done nearly a decade earlier in Iraq. The Syrian regime released hundreds of al Qaeda activists and other militants from its prisons, and they went on to become leaders of Islamic State and other jihadist groups. Many of those militants ended up fighting Assad's regime, but they also became the focus for Western leaders worried about jihadist attacks in their own countries.
Throughout the presidential campaign, Trump said they wanted to avoid direct U.S. involvement in the Syrian conflict, which has expanded into a regional proxy war. Russia and Iran, along with Shi'ite militias like Lebanon's Hezbollah, helped Assad consolidate control and regain territory they lost to the rebels. In December, with intensive Russian air strikes and Iranian ground support, Assad recaptured the rebel-held sections of Aleppo, Syria's largest city. It was Assad's biggest victory since the war began.
After Trump was elected, Assad became more confident because Trump had pledged to end U.S. support for rebels fighting the Syrian regime and direct most American efforts to fighting Islamic State. Assad and their allies have rarely fought directly against the jihadist group, which established its self-proclaimed capital in the eastern city of Raqqa.
Since November, the United States has helped mobilize nearly 50,000 Kurdish and Sunni Arab fighters to encircle Raqqa, and cut it off from all sides. The offensive is supported by American air strikes and hundreds of U.S. troops. But Trump's missile strikes could slow the offensive to oust Islamic State from Raqqa and other parts of eastern Syria. The Pentagon coordinates with Russian forces in Syria, especially in launching air strikes, and Russian officials threatened to suspend the communications hotline after the April 7 U.S. attack on the Syrian airfield.
Assad has now suffered a setback because of the American attack, but Trump's limited intervention is unlikely to change the course of the Syrian war – and Assad will continue their scorched earth policy against rebels and civilians, even if they will now think twice about using chemical weapons.
