WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — A bipartisan group of US members of congress introduced a bill to make sure that President Donald Trump's administration will not unilaterally remove or ease any sanctions on Russia, House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer said in a press conference on Wednesday.
"Today, we are introducing a bipartisan legislation to ensure that Russia does not receive any sanctions relief until it earned it," Hoyer stated. "It gives Congress the responsibility to review any sanctions relief before it can take effect. This is not a partisan issue."
I thank the cosponsors on both sides of the aisle for their hard work on the Russia Sanctions Review Act, important and timely legislation. — Steny Hoyer (@WhipHoyer) 15 февраля 2017 г.
The latest round of sanctions was introduced at the end of December by the administration of former President Barack Obama in response to Russia's alleged meddling in the 2016 US presidential election.
Russia has repeatedly refuted the US claims as absurd and intended to deflect public opinion from revealed instances of corruption and other pressing domestic concerns.
© Sputnik/ Alexey Kudenko Kremlin Denies Media Allegations About Russia-US Talks on Lifting Sanctions
During the presidential race, as well as after their election victory, Trump has repeatedly stated the necessity for the United States to mend ties with Russia and cooperate with Moscow on a number of issues, including fighting global terrorism
On Monday night, now former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn stepped down amid reports about leaked information that they misled Trump administration officials, including Vice President Mike Pence, about engaging in conversation with the Russian ambassador to the United States in December.
The reports claimed Flynn talked to Russian ambassador Sergei Kislyak about anti-Russia sanctions prior to Trump being inaugurated on January 20.
via GIPHY
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — US Secretary of Defense James Mattis said in a statement on Wednesday the core mission of the US-led forces in Afghanistan would remain the same.
"Our core mission will remain the same: to train, advise and assist Afghan forces. We are there to help defeat a common enemy and ensure Afghan forces can safeguard the future of their country," the statement said.
Earlier on Wednesday, Mattis testified at a US Senate hearing and said senior officials were outlining a new US strategy for Afghanistan.
The defense secretary added that they would be able to brief Congress on the details of the new Afghanistan policy within weeks.
Courtney Love's former son-in-law alleges they tried to have them killed in order to get Kurt Cobain's guitar back, according to legal documents.
Isaiah Silva, who was married to Francis Bean Cobain, the only child of Love and the Nirvana frontman, is suing a number of people including Love.
They claim they conspired to murder them in a bid to recover a famous guitar once belonging to Cobain.
In court documents lodged in Los Angeles, Silva alleges the group are guilty of burglary, robbery, sexual battery, kidnapping, attempted murder, criminal threats, false imprisonment, extortion, stalking, intentional infliction of emotional distress and trespass.
It comes after a US entertainment website earlier this month revealed that as part of their divorce settlement with Bean Cobain, musician Silva got to keep the 1959 Martin guitar that Cobain played during Nirvana's MTV Unplugged performance in 1993.
Cobain killed themselves less than five months later.
Love is yet to file an answer to the complaint and has been contacted for comment.
The 329-document alleges that on the morning of June 3, 2016, Love's manager Sam Lutfi, actor Ross Butler and another man, Yan Yukhtman, "entered into a criminal conspiracy to commit trespass, burglary, home invasion robbery, assault, battery, kidnapping, and murder" to try and recover Cobain's guitar.
Silva alleges they were in the master bedroom of their home with a bandmate when they heard a disturbance downstairs before the property's alarm system was triggered.
Lutfi is said to have pounded on the locked bedroom door while Butler and Yukhtman repeatedly yelled, "police open up!" and "LAPD! (Los Angeles Police Department) Open the f***ing door!".
Silva then opened the door, it is claimed, and Lutfi "seized them violently" and dragged them from the bedroom before reacting with shock to the presence of Silva's bandmate, who was ordered to leave.
It is then alleged the three accused physically assaulted Silva.
ASHES tension continues to bubble ahead of the third Test, with Tim Paine rejecting claims Australia crossed the line with their sledging in Brisbane.
Former England keeper Matt Prior suggested the tourists were “quite upset” about comments at the Gabba that “quite frankly shouldn't be on a cricket pitch”.
Former captain Bob Willis made similar allegations, while Jonny Bairstow noted they would take the matter further if some verbals directed at them in Brisbane were repeated throughout the five-Test series.
It has set the scene for another spicy clash, with Australia pushing for an unassailable 3-0 series lead in the game that starts in Perth on Thursday.
“There's been nothing that I've heard that has been too untoward or anything that has been particularly nasty. It's just been tough Test match cricket,” Paine told reporters in Perth on Monday.
“It's been played in pretty good spirit from what I've seen and heard.
“Both teams have — despite what it may look like — a huge amount of respect for each other.
“I was (surprised by Bairstow's take).
“I certainly haven't heard anything that has crossed the line.”
Marking out that line is notoriously easier said than done.
Most Australian players argue it is the responsibility of the match referee and umpires. England skipper Joe Root quipped in Adelaide prior to the second Test that “their line and our line are slightly different things”.
Steve Smith's side needled their opposition about a midnight curfew, resulting from revelations that Bairstow headbutted Cameron Bancroft during their first night on tour, throughout the Adelaide Test.
England's latest booze-related bother, the suspension handed down to Ben Duckett for pouring a drink on the head of Jimmy Anderson, hasn't gone unnoticed.
“I'm sure someone will bring it up at some stage,” Paine said.
“But what's happening in their camp off the field has no effect on the way we're going to go about our cricket.
“I haven't paid a hell of a lot of attention to it ... it's a bit irrelevant.”
David Warner's demand that England “shouldn't headbutt our mates” is one of few on-field barbs to be broadcast during the five-Test series.
Most of the on-field banter to enter the public domain has been inoffensive.
Smith sledged Craig Overton in Adelaide about their lack of pace — only to be bowled by the debutant — while Moeen Ali was taunted about their promotion up the order.
Anderson got stuck into Smith at both the Gabba and Adelaide Oval — although it's unclear what they said.
Paine was involved in one of the most heated episodes of the second Test, which came late on day four when Root pointed their bat at the keeper and umpire Aleem Dar stormed in from square leg.
“There wasn't too much to it. It was played up a bit. They raised their bat to the umpire to let them know they hit the ball,” Paine said.
“I said just to let the umpire umpire, and you bat. They said ‘no worries, you wicketkeep.'”
Heartland Tank Services, a trusted name in storage tank industry, delivers professional tank repair and modification services across the US. These services help businesses adhere to industry regulations, including API-650 and 653 Specifications.
[ENGLEWOOD, 29/5/2018] – Heartland Tank Services, a leading name in storage tank industry, provides professional tank repair modification services all throughout the US. It has a team of technicians equipped with the proper training and tools to deliver quality repairs and retrofits.
Tank Reconstruction
Heartland Tank Services has extensive experience in reconstructing tanks damaged by natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornados, floods, mudslides, and fires. This team is also experts in fixing tanks impaired by pressurization, vacuum, and unstable foundations.
Minor Repair Services
The company provides minor repair services, too. Its technicians don't only fix small issues but also treat these as possible symptoms of a larger problem. Their job isn't complete without investigating the tank thoroughly. If they find something amiss, the technicians inform the customers of various repair options to help them prevent significant damages and costly repairs in the future.
Internal Liner Installation
Heartland Tanks Services provides professional internal liner installation, including modification services needed to retrofit the tank to allow for a liner. This solution includes installing a roof machine hatch that helps lower the liner into the tank and replacing tank nozzles with flat-faced flanges to protect the liner. The personnel also add valve boxes on the outside of the tank for valve containment.
The team consists of technicians with necessary certifications to perform welding, crane operation, scaffolding, inspections, and other skills needed in tanks repairs and retrofits. These technicians also provide excellent customer service, echoing the company's commitment to delivering high-quality work.
More importantly, with years of experience in constructing above storage tanks that comply with API-650 and 653 Specifications and other regulations, Heartland Tanks Services ensures all tanks repairs and modifications by its team meet industry standards and regulations. The customers have the assurance that the tanks are safe to use once they place these back in service.
About Heartland Tank Services
Since 2007, Heartland Tank Services has been providing complete liquid storage tank services, from constructing and maintaining aboveground storage tanks to tank liner installation and repairs. The company is known for its work ethic and professionalism in delivering the highest quality of products and services in the industry.
To know more about Heartland Tank Services, visit https://heartlandtankservices.com.
Two Canadians among 18 people killed in Burkina Faso extremist attack
UPDATE: 9:20 a.m.
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland says two Canadians were among 18 people killed in a suspected extremist attack on a popular restaurant in Burkina Faso.
The incident happened late Sunday when suspected Islamic extremists opened fire at a Turkish restaurant in the country's capital.
Freeland says “the heartfelt condolences of our government go out to the loved ones of those targeted and the victims of this tragic attack.”
They say Canadian consular officials are working hard to provide assistance to the families of the victims.
Local authorities say other foreigners killed include two Kuwaitis and one person each from France, Senegal, Nigeria, Lebanon and Turkey.
Seven Burkina Faso citizens were also killed and authorities said three other victims had not yet been identified.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence, which continued into the early hours Monday.
The attack brought back painful memories of the January 2016 attack at another cafe that left 30 people dead.
Burkina Faso, a landlocked nation in West Africa, is one of the poorest countries in the world. It shares a northern border with Mali, which has long battled Islamic extremists.
More coming.
The Associated Press
—-
ORIGINAL:
Burkina Faso's Foreign Ministry says one Canadian is among 18 killed in a suspected extremist attack on a popular restaurant in the country.
It says other foreigners killed include two Kuwaitis and one person each from France, Senegal, Nigeria, Lebanon and Turkey.
Suspected Islamic extremists opened fire at a Turkish restaurant in the West African country's capital late Sunday.
Seven Burkina Faso citizens were also killed and authorities said three other victims had not yet been identified.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence, which continued into the early hours Monday.
Gunfire could be heard almost seven hours after the attack began.
Global Affairs Canada said it was reaching out to Canadian citizens in the area and was ready to provide consular assistance as required.
“Canada strongly condemns the attack,” said spokesperson Brittany Venhola-Fletcher. “Our thoughts and deepest sympathies are with those affected by the terror attacks in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso.”
The attack brought back painful memories of the January 2016 attack at another cafe that left 30 people dead.
Burkina Faso, a landlocked nation in West Africa, is one of the poorest countries in the world. It shares a northern border with Mali, which has long battled Islamic extremists.
— with files from the Associated Press.
NEW YORK May 2 U.S. companies' ability to raise cash to run their business improved to its strongest level since mid-2015 in April as defaults among riskier firms were limited due to an improving economy, a report from Moody's Investors Service released late Monday showed.
The rating agency said its "Liquidity-Stress Index" fell to 4.9 percent last month, which was the lowest since July 2015. It was 5.3 percent in March.
The Moody's index falls when corporate liquidity rises and it rises when liquidity condition deteriorates.
"Speculative-grade liquidity continues to keep defaults in check with a growing economy helping profits and a lack of meaningful maturity and covenant concerns over the next year," Moody's said in a statement. (Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Here is the weather forecast for Monday, January 2.
The region is waking up to a sunny but frosty morning.
Showers and winds are possible later, but these should ease by the afternoon with the maximum temperature around 4°C.
Tonight skies will remain clear but temperatures will fall below freezing, around -2°C.
As many as 13,500 people have illegally crossed the border into Europe on the four main migratory routes in November, indicating a decrease of 27 percent compared to the previous year, the European Border and Coast Guard Agency (Frontex) said in a press release on Monday.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The four main migratory routes to the European Union are as follow: the Central Mediterranean (Italy), the Western Mediterranean (Spain), the Eastern Mediterranean (Greece) and the Western Balkans.
"In November, 13,500 irregular border crossings were detected on the four main migratory routes into the EU, 27% fewer than a year ago. The total number of migrants detected on these routes in the first eleven months of this year fell by 62% to around 186,500 from the same period in 2016," Frontex said in a press release.
The Central Mediterranean route was the most popular among migrants, with at least 5,300 people having arrived in Europe via the route in November, the press release added.
The lowest monthly number of migrants, or 500 people, was recorded on the Western Balkan route, which, according to Frontex, is explained by the region's close coordination of border control measures.
In recent years, Europe has been experiencing the worst immigration crisis in the 21st century, struggling to accommodate hundreds of thousands of refugees and migrants fleeing hostilities in the Middle East and North Africa.
TWO new, unregistered Holden vehicles were stolen from a CBD business.
The business premises was broken into just before 11pm on Monday and a 2017 black Holden GTSR W1 and a 2017 silver Holden SV6 were driven away.
Holden GTSR W1 models made this year are priced between $160,000 and $300,000 from some dealers.
The SV6 models start from about $40,000.
Both vehicles were not registered and were not displaying registration plates.
Camera Icon A 2017 black Holden GTSR W1 stolen from a city business. Picture: SA Police Picture: Supplied
Camera Icon A 2017 silver Holden SV6 stolen from a city business. Picture: SA Police Picture: Supplied
The stolen SV6 was last seen travelling south on Port Wakefield Rd, Bolivar later that night.
Anyone with information on the theft or the location of either vehicle is asked to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
© AP Photo/ Manish Swarup MIRVs to Make India's 'Agni' ICBM More Potent
New Delhi (Sputnik) — Amid concerns raised by China over developing long range strategic ballistic missiles, India once again test fired a nuclear capable ballistic missile from its eastern coast of Odisha on Monday.
Government sources told Sputnik that the flight trial of Agni IV was ‘highly successful'. The two-stage solid propellant ballistic missile is capable of hitting rival assets at a distance of approximately 2,500 miles from the mobile launcher. A few days back, India had successfully test-fired Agni V which can travel approximately 3,400 miles with a nuclear warhead. Indian scientists had already test-fired Agni IV missiles five times since 2011 and all the tests were successful.
The 20-meter missile is equipped with state-of-the-art technologies, which include indigenously developed ring laser gyro and a composite rocket motor. "The missile equipped with state of the art Avionics, 5th generation On Board Computer and with distributed architecture has the latest features to correct and guide for in-flight disturbances. These ensured the vehicle reach the target within two digit accuracy," Defense Research and Development Organization said.
The re-entry heat shield withstood temperatures of more than 4000 degree centigrade and made sure the avionics function normally with inside temperature less than 50 degree centigrade.
The following deaths have occurred in the wider Leitrim area:
Declan Foy, Derrinavoggy, Arigna, Co Roscommon
Mass of Christian Burial at the Church of the Immaculate Conception, Arigna, today, Monday 2nd at 12pm. Interment afterwards in adjoining cemetery. Donations in lieu of flowers to the Kevin Bell Repatriation Trust c/o Siobhán Foy.
Peggy Feeney, Conray/Drumnacross, Glencar, Co Leitrim
Peacefully at their home in Flushing, New York on Christmas Day. Funeral mass this morning, Monday 2nd in St Osnat's Church, Glencar at 11am. Burial afterwards in St Clare's Cemetery, Manorhamilton.
Molly Fox, Unshanagh, Kinlough, Co Leitrim
Peacefully in their 95th Year. Mass of the Resurrection this morning, Monday 2nd in St. Aidans Church, Kinlou ghat 11am followed by burial in Conwall Cemetery. House Strictly Private Please.
Christine Badura, Corraphort, Foxfield, Fenagh, Co Leitrim
Peacefully at the North West Hospice, Sligo, surrounded by their familly. Pre-deceased by their loving husband Johann. Christine will be dearly missed by their daughters Veronika (Lehnardt) and Marianne, their sons-in-law Heinrich and Ewald, their grandchildren Jessica, Annika, David, Markus and Martina, their relatives, friends and neighbours. Funeral Mass on Tuesday morning, January 3 in St Mary's Church, Foxfield. Private cremation afterwards at the Lakeland Crematorium, Cavan. Family flowers only please. Donations, in lieu if desired, to the North West Hospice, The Mall, Sligo.
Mena Carthy (née McGarry), Newtownforbes and Drumeel, Ballinalee, Co Longford
Peacefully in the loving care of the nurses and staff of Laurel Lodge Nursing home. Beloved wife of the late John. Sadly missed by their loving family ,sons, Hugh,Gerard,Ciarán and Enda,brother in law,sisters in law,daughters in law,grandchildren,great-grandchild,nieces,nephews ,relatives and friends. Reposing at Laurel Lodge Nursing Home Chapel on Tuesday 3rd from 6 -9pm with prayers at 8pm.Removal on Wednesday to arrive at St.Mary's Church, Newtownforbes for Mass of the Resurrection at 12 noon, interment afterwards in Newtownforbes cemetery. Family flowers only please donations if desired to Longford Hospice , c/o Glennon Funeral Directors or any family member.
A A
AMARILLO, Texas — Officials in Texas say four children have died from gas poisoning believed to have been caused by a pesticide sprayed under their Amarillo home.
Amarillo Fire Department officials say other people who were in the home are “not out of the woods” yet.
Fire officials say a chemical reaction occurred when one person tried to wash off a pesticide that had been sprayed under the house. Poisonous Phosphine gas was released.
Capt. Larry Davis said in a statement Monday that crews responded to a medical call at the home about 5 a.m. One child died at the scene and three others died at a hospital. Officials didn't release any identifying information, including the children's ages.
Other family members and first responders are being treated.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) was in hot water this week after agency officials mistakenly told NPR on Jan. 28 that they will “officially shut off” their distribution to hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico, merely four months after Hurricane Maria struck.
Puerto Rican officials and people on social media expressed their anger over the announcement with one U.S. congressional candidate writing, “A third of Puerto Rico still lacks electricity. Many do not have running water. But FEMA will ‘officially shut off' tomorrow. THIS is the State of the Union #SOTU—the startling, unimaginable reality here for millions of Americans over 4 months after Maria.” A petition against FEMA also went live, quickly garnering over 74,000 signatures.
William Booher, an agency spokesperson had to shut down the reports telling The New York Times on Jan. 31, “This aid is not stopping. There was no, and is no, current plan to stop providing these commodities, as long as there continues to be an identified need for them.”
This clarification comes after an agency director said that FEMA would be turning over the remaining supplies to the Puerto Rican government for distribution. “The reality is that we just need to look around. Supermarkets are open, and things are going back to normal,” said Alejandro De La Campa, FEMA's director in Puerto Rico, in an NPR interview. “If we're giving free water and food, that means that families are not going to supermarkets to buy. It is affecting the economy of Puerto Rico. So we need to create a balance. With the financial assistance we're providing to families and the municipalities, they're able to go back to the normal economy.”
Booher explained that the agency would simply be evaluating the status of the needs on the island and that ending aid for the U.S. territory would require giving notice to the Puerto Rican government. And although Booher says that aid is “less necessary,” Puerto Rican politicians would disagree. “There is need still,” San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz told the media at Tuesday's State of the Union as a guest of New York Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand.
After the clarification was made by Booher on Wednesday, FEMA also tweeted to address the outcry, writing, “We will continue our support to #PuertoRico from response to recovery. We have millions of liters of food / water stored in warehouses across the island, which we are continuing to provide to voluntary organizations / local officials who need them in their communities.”
Secretary of Defense James Mattis issued a strong warning to North Korea Monday: "If they shoot at the United States, I'm assuming they've hit the United States. ... If they do that, then it's game on."
"You don't shoot at people in this world unless you want to bear the consequences," Mattis told reporters at the Pentagon.
Soon after Mattis issued their warning, state-run North Korean media outlet KCNA reported that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un had inspected their military's plan to launch missiles at Guam and discussed the possibility of a strike with their top commanders.
"He said that if the planned fire of power demonstration is carried out as the US is going more reckless, it will be the most delightful historic moment when the Hwasong artillerymen will wring the windpipes of the Yankees and point daggers at their necks, underlining the need to be always ready for launching to go into action anytime once our Party decides," the report said.
Mattis said that the US military would be able to determine "within moments" after launch whether or not a North Korean missile was headed for US territory, including Guam. They later added that the US would "take it out" if the missile was determined to be headed for any US territory.
But they also made clear that while the military was poised to protect Guam from the North Korean military threat, a declaration of war was a decision that remains with President Donald Trump and Congress.
"War is up to the President, perhaps up to the Congress, the bottom line is we will defend the country from an attack, for us that's war, that's a wartime situation," they said.
"We will defend the country from any attack, at any time, from any quarter. Yes, that means for a lot of young troops they're going to be in a wartime situation, welcome to reality. But it's not declaring war, it's not that I'm over here Dr. Strangelove doing things like that," they added.
President Trump is due to discuss the crisis with Japanese Prime Minister Abe in a phone call later Monday Washington time.
Mattis' warning comes as a senior US defense official tells CNN that American spy satellites have observed a mobile missile launcher capable of launching an intermediate range ballistic missile being moved in a way that leads the US military to believe preparations are being made for a possible intermediate ballistic launch.
The official cautioned that at this point it's not believed to be directly related to the threat issued by North Korea last week to strike the waters near Guam. However, the official did acknowledge that given typical North Korean missile launch cycles, the recent movement does suggest the regime could be readying for a potential launch of a single missile as soon as in 24 to 48 hours if there has been a decision to proceed with a launch.
Several US officials continue to tell CNN that North Korea often moves missiles and launch equipment around, but that such movements do not necessarily mean there has been a decision to conduct an imminent launch.
The official would not say if there was a missile on the launcher at this time.
On Friday, CNN reported that US spy satellites had observed increased activity at the Chamjin missile factory, according to US defense officials. One US defense official told CNN that US intelligence has assessed that a "probable ballistic missile" was being readied for shipment based on the activity observed. North Korea monitoring project 38 North reports that the Chamjin factory produces many of the medium, intermediate, and intercontinental ballistic missiles used by the regime.
The US and South Korea will start their Ulchi-Freedom Guardian joint military exercises next week. The drills antagonize the North Koreans, as Pyongyang believes they are preparations for an invasion. Seoul and Washington say the exercises are defensive in nature.
LONDON | Snow and wintry weather are still wreaking havoc on travelers in Britain, with flights cancelled, roads sheathed in ice and rail travel disrupted Monday.
With temperatures predicted to drop overnight to as low as minus 12 Celsius (11 degrees Fahrenheit), transport officials worked on cleanup. Hundreds of schools were closed and airports struggled under the weight of flight delays.
“The worst of the snowfall is behind us,” said Grahame Madge of the Met Office. “It's now more about dealing with the weather we've had.”
Snow covers Ironbridge, England, Sunday Dec. 10, 2017, as heavy snow falls across parts of Britain. Snow is causing travel disruptions across central England and northern Wales, grounding flights, shutting down roads and causing traffic accidents. (Nick Potts/PA via AP) A woman walks away from Notting Hill underground station as snow falls in London Sunday, Dec.10, 2017. (AP Photo/Alastair Grant) Snow falls as a woman crosses Oxford Street in London filled with early shoppers, Sunday, Dec, 10, 2017. (AP Photo/Alastair Grant) A snowman and dog on a bench in Worcester, England, Sunday Dec. 10, 2017, as heavy snow falls across parts of Britain. Snow is causing travel disruptions across central England and northern Wales, grounding flights, shutting down roads and causing traffic accidents. (David Davies/PA via AP) Manchester City' players warm up as snow falls before the English Premier League soccer match between Manchester United and Manchester City at Old Trafford Stadium in Manchester, England, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017. (AP Photo/Dave Thompson) People walk through snow on the coast at Whitley Bay, north east England, Monday Dec. 11, 2017. Snow and wintry weather is continuing to wreak havoc on travelers in Britain, with flights cancelled, roads sheathed in ice and rail travel disrupted. (Owen Humphreys/PA via AP) Snowy conditions in Danbury, south east England, Monday Dec. 11, 2017. Snow and wintry weather are still wreaking havoc on travelers in Britain, with flights cancelled, roads sheathed in ice and rail travel disrupted. (Gareth Fuller/PA via AP) People walk through snowy conditions in Danbury, south east England, Monday Dec. 11, 2017. Snow and wintry weather are still wreaking havoc on travelers in Britain, with flights cancelled, roads sheathed in ice and rail travel disrupted. (Gareth Fuller/PA via AP) A walker visits the snow-covered ruins of Dunamase castle on the Rock of Dunamase in Aghnahily, Co Laois, Ireland, Monday Dec. 11, 2017. (Niall Carson/PA via AP) Snow-covered hills around the Holy Trinity Anglican church in Aghnahily, Co Laois, Ireland, Monday Dec. 11, 2017. (Niall Carson/PA via AP)
Europe's largest airport, Heathrow, warned that hundreds of flights would be cancelled as it cleared the backlog of flights delayed by Sunday's snowfall.
In the world of interconnected air travel, any extended disruption quickly leaves planes and flight crews out of position, knocking them out of the rotation for their next assignments. Airlines are also responsible for de-icing their aircraft, and some have more capacity than others to do so.
“The airport remains open and is operating three-quarters of scheduled flights,” Heathrow said in statement. “Before coming to the airport, passengers must check their flight status with their airline.”
National Rail said poor weather conditions are affecting travel across England and Wales. Trains on Chiltern Railways, CrossCountry, Great Western, and Virgin Trains are also being affected by delays.
JERUSALEM, March 30 Bezeq Israel Telecom reported a 50 percent drop in quarterly net profit, weighed down by an early retirement provision and other one-time expenses.
Bezeq, Israel's largest telecoms group, said on Thursday it earned 185 million shekels ($51 million) in the fourth quarter, down from 369 million a year earlier and below a forecast of 258 million shekels in a Reuters poll of analysts.
It noted that it had one-off items of more than 200 million shekels in the quarter.
Revenue dipped 4 percent to 2.5 billion shekels.
Bezeq, which is facing regulatory uncertainty regarding its ability to merge its units, estimated 2017 net profit of 1.4 billion shekels, compared with net profit in 2016 of 1.24 billion.
It declared a dividend of 578 million shekels for the second half of 2016, or a distribution of 100 percent of net profit.
In Bezeq's fixed-line segment, where most of its growth stems, fourth-quarter profit dropped 31 percent.
Its Pelephone unit, Israel's third-largest mobile operator which faces stiff competition, saw a 73 percent fall in fourth-quarter profit to 3 million shekels, as its subscriber base slipped to 2.4 million in 2016 from 2.65 million in 2015.
($1 = 3.6206 shekels) (Reporting by Steven Scheer; Editing by Tova Cohen)
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
0 5 Amazon services that could be game-changers
There are a few companies in the world that are synonymous with innovation.
Google, Tesla and Amazon come to mind. Tesla's focus is on transportation and energy, while Google's moonshot projects are more far-flung. The search engine giant has gotten into the idea of solar-powered hot air balloons to deliver Internet to rural areas, creating an airborne wind energy model via Makani kites, and even anti-aging research, to name just a few projects.
But while Google and its parent company Alphabet may have their heads in the clouds, it is Amazon that has its feet planted on the ground with new initiatives that promise more immediate results.
Here's a look at what's coming next in the worlds of finance, mortgage lending, online gaming and maybe even health care.
RELATED: Recall Alert — 260,000 AmazonBasics portable battery chargers could ignite
These 5 Amazon services are here or coming soon to rule your world!
More Amazon Go stores in 2018
Amazon's newfangled idea of a cashier-less grocery looks set to spread its roots a little deeper later in 2018.
The e-commerce giant will open up to six additional Amazon Go stores this year, according to Recode.
Seattle and Los Angeles are the most likely locations for the new stores. The first Amazon Go store opened earlier this year in Amazon's Emerald City hometown.
Offering a novel way to shop, Go stores allow shoppers to scan their phone when entering to activate it as personal register. Then they can grab whatever they like and get automatically charged through a mobile payment system as they exit.
No need to wait in line to pay anymore!
GameOn: A new cloud-based gaming service for developers
The most recently announced service here is Amazon's GameOn. This cloud service will allow video game developers to seamlessly add leaderboards, competitions, invites, and giveaways into games.
Gaming has been an area of interest for Amazon dating back to 2014, when it acquired Twitch, a live streaming video game platform.
Recently, Twitch announced Twitch Prime, which gives Amazon Prime customers access to free games to download each month.
TechCrunch reports the upcoming free games for the month of April will include:
Tales from the Borderlands
SteamWorld Dig 2
Kingsway
Tokyo 42
Dubwars
Amazon wants in on the health technology business
Much like Apple, Amazon has its sights set on broad entry into the health care market.
Recently, Jeff Bezos & Co. hired a former Food and Drug Administration official with experience in giving consumers easier access to their medical records.
The new hire, Taha Kass-Hout, could also help the company clear regulatory hurdles if it were to bring new health products to market.
This is all part of a secret division at Amazon that's been variously called “Grand Challenge” and “1492” in differing media reports.
Exactly what Amazon is up to in the health care space remains a mystery.
Report: New mortgage lending division in the works
Meanwhile, there's apparently a newly formed mortgage lending division at Amazon, and it promises to give traditional lenders like banks, credit unions and online lenders a run for their money.
Jacob Gaffney, the Editor-in-Chief of HousingWire, reports the e-commerce giant is currently looking for someone to lead this hush-hush initiative.
That someone will likely be sourced from talent at the top 10 nonbank lenders, according to HousingWire.
Gaffney says they talked to one candidate who interviewed for the job and was offered the position, but ultimately turned it down.
Finally…introducing the Bank of Amazon?
Amazon is reportedly in the early stages of talking with banking giants about creating a hybrid checking account product aimed at its customer base, according to The Wall Street Journal.
The service wouldn't compete with traditional banks as much as it would partner up with the industry.
Amazon is reportedly looking to pitch this account to those who can't have or don't want a traditional bank account.
Capital One and JP Morgan Chase are among the rumored partners who could be on board with the plan, according to the Journal.
However, we should note this plan is in the very earliest stages of consideration. There's no word yet on whether the eventual product would allow customers to write checks, do online bill pay or get cash out of ATMs if and when it eventually arrives.
RELATED: Warning — New Amazon scam is coming after your money!
Clark.com
Chinese financial analyst Liu Ying, while addressing China's drive to substantially increase its investments in Eastern and South Africa in an interview with Sputnik, did not rule out that at the end of the day, these countries will abandon the use of the US dollar.
Liu Ying of the Chunyang Institute of Financial Studies in China pointed to the fact that the Chinese yuan is already "widely used" in trade transactions in Africa.
They recalled that the yuan is also used in the field of investment and financial markets as well as the gold and forex reserves of African countries which Liu said could be formed in yuan rather than dollars.
READ MORE: 'The Goal for China is to Open Up the Yuan Trade' – Economist
"The construction of basic infrastructure in Africa, including railways and [economic] clusters also stipulates the use of the yuan," Liu pointed out.
They claimed that in the face of rising interest rates and a program to reduce the balance of the Federal Reserve System, "the outflow of the dollar is an inevitable situation."
"Therefore, the choice of the yuan is a logical and timely measure for Africa. The yuan is a very stable currency capable of providing support and security in trade settlements, financial investments and the creation of reserves," Liu emphasized.
READ MORE: China Set to Gradually Internationalize Yuan by Opening Its Financial Markets
They rejected speculation that an increase in international demand for the yuan and the strengthening of the Chinese national currency may ultimately lead to a negative shift in China's trade balance.
"I believe that the yuan will be stabilized rather than strengthened. The most important thing is to maintain stability [of the national currency]," they underscored.
Last month, Liu Dongming, head of the Center for International Finance Studies of the Academy of Social Sciences of China, told Sputnik that the next few years will see the strengthening of the yuan's position as "China will continue to reform its financial market and boost its openness."
READ MORE: China's New Yuan-Denominated Oil Futures Usher In a New Era in Global Trade
They were echoed by Alexander Salitsky of the Moscow-based Institute of World Economy and International Relations, who said remained upbeat about the future of the yuan, pointing to "China's permanent readiness to expand the corridor of the yuan's convertibility."
In the past few years, China has reportedly made investments in Africa's economic projects worth a whopping 6.8 billion dollars, part of Chinese President Xi Jinping's plan to invest a total of 60 billion dollars in Africa by the end of 2018.
The views and opinions expressed by Liu Ying are those of the analyst and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
Special counsel Robert Mueller on Wednesday visited Capitol Hill to discuss ongoing federal and congressional investigations into Russia's interference in the 2016 election with the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee.
Chairman Sen. Richard Burr (R-NC) and Vice-Chairman Sen. Mark Warner (D-VA) called the meeting “constructive” in a brief statement and said they “look forward to future engagements” with Mueller.
Lawmakers and federal investigators are interested in much of the same information as they look into potential collusion between Trump campaign associates and Russian operatives and try to determine whether anyone in the White House worked to obstruct justice. That information includes detailed memos kept by fired FBI director James Comey about their private conversations with President Donald Trump, which several congressional committees have requested and a friend of Comey's said they have turned over to the FBI already.
CNN reported that the meeting likely involved “deconfliction,” or how each group of investigators could share information so that they can proceed with their respective probes without getting in each other's way.
Burr told CNN that Mueller offered “clarity” on the Comey memos, but did not say if their committee would be able to access them or not.
They added that they did not think they would need to meet with Mueller again in person, but that they would get in touch “on any aspects that might bleed over from one [probe] into another.”
Average hourly wages jumped by 2.9 percent when compared to last January, the biggest increase since 2009.
The good news about the American economy got a whole lot better in January. About 200,000 jobs were created, higher than the 180,000 expected. The unemployment rate held at 4.1 percent, an 18-year low. Best of all, though, after decades of little to no wage growth for hourly workers, we saw a jump of nearly three percent, which is much higher than expected.
“Average hourly earnings rose 0.3 percent from the prior month following an upwardly revised 0.4 percent gain,” Bloomberg reports. “The 2.9 advance from a year earlier — which partly reflected a downward revision to the January 2017 wage figure — compared with projections for a 2.6 percent increase. December's gain was revised upward to 2.7 percent.”
The deep-dive numbers are also good news for the working and middle class. Construction and manufacturing added 36,000 and 15,000 jobs, respectively.
Other than the tax cut, the full effect of which we will not see until the February numbers are released next month, one factor improving hourly wages might be the Trump administration's dedication to enforcing America's immigration laws.
Illegal border crossings have decreased, and those in the country illegally are finally being deported, even from the Democrats' sanctuary cities and states.
Illegal aliens are mostly unskilled hourly workers who depress wages for obvious reasons. The fewer illegals in the country, the better the wages for Americans and legal immigrants.
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC. Follow their Facebook Page here.
'The mentioned reasons in [the President's] letter do not warrant an extension of martial law as the same can be addressed by normal police and military powers,' says Bayan Muna Representative Carlos Zarate
Published 6:15 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Progressive group Bayan Muna on Monday, December 11, raised alarm over President Rodrigo Duterte's request to extend martial law in Mindanao, nearly two months after they declared Marawi City "liberated" from terrorists.
In a statement, Bayan Muna Representative Carlos Zarate said the proposed extension could be used as a "smokescreen so that rehabilitation operations in Marawi would be conducted without bidding."
They added: "It can be used to short-circuit and even do away with the rules on bidding and procurement process, which can potentially open windows for graft and corruption for this multibillion program."
Duterte, through Executive Secretary Salvador Medialdea, asked Congress to extend martial law in Mindanao by another year, because the government needs it for the "total eradication" of Islamic State-inspired groups and "communist terrorists."
The Senate and the House of Representatives will convene in a joint session to deliberate and vote on the request on Wednesday, December 13.
Zarate, who once belonged to the Duterte-allied House supermajority, said "unli-martial law" has no basis.
"It only causes hardships and sufferings to our people. The mentioned reasons in [the President's] letter do not warrant an extension of martial law as the same can be addressed by normal police and military powers," they added.
Zarate also flagged the mention of the Communist Party of the Philippines (CPP) and its armed wing, the New People's Army (NPA), in Duterte's letter to Congress.
"[This] may also signal intensified attacks by the military and the police on peasant and Lumad communities," said Zarate, who belongs to the Makabayan bloc in the House.
The Makabayan bloc has since bolted the supermajority, opting to form its own independent opposition bloc.
"This also means more violations of rights of innocent civilians. For example, the following human rights violations documented by civil society and human rights organizations since Mindanao was placed under martial law: torture of suspects and forcing them to admit to being members of the Maute Group; hundreds, if not a thousand, are still missing or presumed dead; massive looting of residences; arbitrary issuance of arrest orders that include names of ulama and members of CSOs, and massive displacement, among others," Zarate said.
Albay 1st District Representative Edcel Lagman, who belongs to another independent bloc in the House, earlier said Duterte's request violates the safeguards in the Constitution. Lagman argued that there is no basis for the extension.
Duterte placed the entire Mindanao island under martial law last May 23 after the Islamic State-inspired Maute and Abu Sayyaf groups attempted to take over Marawi City.
After nearly 5 months of military operations, terror leaders Isnilon Hapilon and Omar Maute were killed. Combat operations were declared over on October 23. – Rappler.com
By Richard Leong
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street's top banks brought forward their expectations for when they think the Federal Reserve will begin reducing its $4.5 trillion bond portfolio to as early September, and see balance sheet reduction as more of a priority than another interest rate rise, a Reuters poll showed.
They see Fed policymakers raising the bank's key overnight borrowing rate one more time by the end of 2017 and three times in 2018 despite growing concerns that inflation would fall short of their 2.0 percent goal in the foreseeable future, according to the poll.
"The balance sheet plan seems more aggressive than previously thought," said James Sweeney, chief economist at Credit Suisse, one of the 23 firms that do business directly with the Federal Reserve.
Fourteen of the 21 primary dealers surveyed said the Fed would announce the start of its balance sheet normalization at its Sept. 19-20 policy meeting. The rest of them said it would make such a move at its Dec. 12-13 meeting.
In a June 2 Reuters poll, six of 17 primary dealers thought an announcement would come in September, while the rest forecast it would occur at the last policy meeting of 2017.
Earlier Wednesday, the Federal Reserve's policy-setting group, the Federal Open Market Committee, offered more details on its plan to start reducing its monthly reinvestments of maturing Treasuries and mortgage-backed securities.
The Fed also raised its benchmark overnight rates by a quarter point to 1.00-1.25 percent as expected.
Primary dealers had forecast the Fed would start gradually unwinding its $2.46 trillion worth of government debt and $1.77 trillion of mortgage bonds.
A number of Fed officials have spoken of the likelihood of the central bank scaling back its bond holdings which the Fed amassed after the 2008 financial crisis in order to keep long-term interest rates low to support economic growth.
"We could put this into effect relatively soon," Fed Chair Janet Yellen said at a news conference after the FOMC meeting on Wednesday about paring the Fed's bond holdings.
The Fed's conviction that it was ready to back away from its unconventional monetary policy caught some traders off guard as bond yields recovered slightly after falling sharply earlier in the day on a weaker-than-forecast report on Consumer Price Index in May.
This focus on balance sheet reduction led economists at Wall Street's top firms to push out their outlook on the next rate hike to December from September.
In Wednesday's poll, only six of 21 primary dealers expected a rate hike in September, compared with 10 of 18 dealers in the June 2 poll. Fourteen of 21 now forecast a rate increase in December, compared with seven of 18 in the previous poll.
(Reporting by Saqib Ahmed, Karen Brettell, Sinead Carew, Richard Leong, Chuck Mikolajczak, Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss and Caroline Valetkevitch; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Three men from Illinois were shot-dead during a race in Wisconsin.
Track volunteer, Brian Mitchell, said, "this is an event that it is purposely put together to be a family event. They wanna have fun.. they wanna show off their rides."
The three men were at a food vendor's stand when a man believed to be in their twenties walked up and shot them at point-blank range, Sunday.
Two of the men died at the scene, the third died on the way to the hospital.
The shooter is still loose but cops say they believe gang members from Milwaukee and Chicago were involved.
"A lot of people may have not wanted to come up and talk to the Sheriff's Department initially because they're afraid someone is going to see them," Sheriff David Beth said.
"We see all kinds of people come and go, and to be honest for this event, I think that most of them let bygones be bygones. At least for a day. Everyone enjoys that fact that they can relax and that they don't have to worry about something bad happening," Mitchell said.
More than 5,000 people were at "Larry's Fun Fest" when the shooting happened, for what was supposed to be a day of drag racing, tailgating and car shows.
"They purposely paid to come here to barbecue so that way they're not in the public parks. This is a crowd that's really going out of their way to make something good happen, and one bad apple came in and ruined it for them," Mitchell said.
Cops say they're hoping a witness will come forward with information to help catch the shooter.
PRINCETON, N.J.--Distracted drivers, like those who text behind the wheel, are a danger to themselves and to others. Even a brief, momentary glance away from the road can result in life-threatening consequences.
Research published Dec. 11 in The BMJ points toward another potential distraction for motorists: the full moon, gracing the sky with its brightness around 12 times a year, and the dazzling supermoon, which comes into focus around once a year.
The researchers found that on nights illuminated by a full moon, fatal motorcycle accidents increased by 5 percent compared to nights without a full moon. On evenings when the supermoon decorated the sky, this increased to 32 percent. The study included data from the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, and Australia.
While this observational data cannot prove any firm conclusions, the researchers warn drivers of the risks of seemingly minor distractions, urging constant attention while driving at all times.
"Drivers face a number of distractions behind the wheel -- from texting, to phone calls to road obstructions and more," said study co-author Eldar Shafir, the Class of 1987 Professor in Behavioral Science and Public Policy and professor of psychology and public affairs at the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs. "Our study adds to the literature that small distractions can sometimes lead to life-altering consequences."
"Glancing at the full moon takes the motorcyclist's gaze off the road, which could result in a loss of control," said the study's lead author Redelmeier, professor in the Department of Medicine at the University of Toronto. "The average ride on a motorcycle is more dangerous than a drunk driver with no seatbelt traveling the same distance. Because of this, we recommend riders and drivers orient their attention, ignore distractions, and continuously monitor their dynamic surroundings."
Redelmeier and Shafir hypothesized that people's attention may be naturally drawn to a full moon, thereby potentially contributing to fatal motorcycle crashes. To test this, they analyzed data from the official United States registry of motor vehicle crashes from 1975 to 2014, during which time 494 full moons and 65 supermoons appeared. They calculated the number of fatal crashes on full moon nights compared to nights with a quarter moon (one week before and after the full moon).
The researchers defined a full moon as the one night each month when the entire facing surface of the moon was illuminated. They also included the rare occasions in which two full moons appeared in the same month. They studied a 16-hour time frame, which they labeled as nighttime motorcycle activity, which fell between 4 p.m. and 8 a.m. The overall study duration spanned 40 consecutive years.
They found 4,994 fatal crashes occurred on the nights with a full moon, which is equal to 9.10 crashes per night. In contrast, a total of 8.64 fatal crashes per night occurred on nights without a full moon. Fatalities increased further under a supermoon, amounting to a total of 703 fatal crashes, or 10.82 fatal crashes per night. This means that for every two full moon nights, there was one additional fatal crash. Under the supermoon, this increased to two additional deaths.
Overall, there was a total increase of 226 additional fatal crashes on nights with a full moon during the entire study period.
"While these figures might seem low on the surface, they are quite significant," Redelmeier said. "All of these deaths could have been prevented completely by small difference in behavior."
The typical motorcyclist was a middle-aged man riding a street bike with a large engine in a rural location, who experienced a head-on front impact. Less than half were wearing a helmet. Seventy-three percent of the crashes occurred during the hours before midnight, and 27 percent occurred during the hours after midnight.
The researchers repeated their analyses in the United Kingdom, Canada and Australia and found similar results.
The researchers highlight the limitations of the study. For example, other distractions and traffic hazards were not taken into account, and neither were factors including the prevailing weather nor moon visibility. And while they used large datasets, like any routinely collected data, errors could have been made when the data was entered.
Nevertheless, the study's findings highlight the importance of safe, careful and attentive driving, under all conditions.
"We encourage motorcycle riders to wear a helmet, activate headlights, scan the road surface and be wary of other vehicles," Redelmeier said. "The best approach to safe driving is reducing as many distractions as possible and keeping alert behind the wheel."
"That's good advice for all the rest of us who don't ride motorcycles, either," Shafir said.
###
The paper, "The full moon and motorcycle related mortality: population based double control study," first appeared online Dec. 11 in The BMJ. The project was supported by the Canada Research Chairs Program, the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research, the Canadian Institutes of Health Research, and the Ontario Ministry of Transportation.
THE man who made armour-piercing ammunition without a license and sold it to the Las Vegas gunman who committed America's worst mass shooting has been charged.
Stephen Paddock, 64, killed themselves after they carried out a rampage from the 32nd floor of their hotel suite on Las Vegas' famed Strip on October 1, which left 58 people dead at the Route 91 Harvest music festival. Another 422 people were injured as a result of Paddock's gunfire.
Now Douglas Haig, 55, from Arizona has been formally charged with making the illegal ammunition.
They were previously a person of interest. Haig has since held a news conference to say they were innocent and had only briefly met Paddock who bought 720 rounds of ammunition from them once.
Camera Icon Douglas Haig takes questions from reporters at a news conference. Picture: AP
Haig told reporters they have received death threats in the days since their name was accidentally released in police warrants made public by a Nevada judge.
Haig also said they sold ammunition as a hobby for nearly 20 years while working full time as an aerospace engineer.
“I had no contribution to what Paddock did,” they said.
“I had no way to see into their mind. The product that I sold them had absolutely nothing to do with what they did. I'm a vendor. I'm a merchant whose name was released.”
Haig said they met Paddock briefly at a gun show in Phoenix, about a month before the shooting.
Paddock then allegedly came to Haig's home in Mesa, on the outskirts of Phoenix, in September last year to buy some ammunition.
Camera Icon Eric Paddock at left, and their brother, Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock. Picture: AP
Haig had previously operated ‘Specialised Military Ammunition,' an internet business selling armour-piercing bullets, some of them highly explosive, according to a statement from US Attorney Dayle Elieson of Nevada.
Records show they had done business in Nevada, Texas, Virginia, Wyoming and South Carolina despite having no license to manufacture armour-piercing ammunition.
Haig told investigators they reload ammunition but does not offer reloaded cartridges for sale, and none of the rounds recovered in Las Vegas crime scenes would have tool marks consistent with their reloading equipment.
Camera Icon The kitchenette in the hotel room of gunman Stephen Paddock's 32nd floor room of the Mandalay Bay hotel in Las Vegas. Picture: AP
But Elieson said forensic examiners had recovered reloaded, unfired .308 caliber cartridges in the shooter's hotel rooms bearing Haig's fingerprints.
Armour-piercing ammunition recovered inside the shooter's rooms had tool marks consistent with Haig's reloading equipment, the statement added.
The fingerprints were a vital clue that police needed to charge Haig.
Camera Icon Exploding targets found in Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock's vehicle. Picture: AP
Paddock asked for a box to carry the rounds to their car and Haig gave them a used box that included their name and address. They say that was their only transaction.
The name and address on the box is what led investigators to Haig.
Police believe Paddock, a wealthy retired accountant and compulsive video poker player who took Valium for anxiety, had lost a significant amount of money before their killing spree.
Camera Icon The interior of room 32-134 of Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock's 32nd floor room of the Mandalay Bay hotel. Picture: AP
Technicians scouring Paddock's computer found searches for firearms and elite police response teams, as well as “numerous photos of child pornography,” Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo said last month.
Paddock had stockpiled an arsenal of firearms in their room at the Mandalay Bay hotel before they rained fire down on a country music festival where about 22,000 people had gathered.
Haig has been charged with one count of conspiracy to manufacture and sell armour-piercing ammunition and was released on bail pending a preliminary hearing on February 15 in Phoenix.
They face the maximum penalty of five years in prison, and possibly a $US250,000 fine ($A315,000), if convicted.
Haig's lawyer repeatedly said at the press conference that their client had nothing to hide and that “the reason they opt to speak to the press today is basically to protect theirs reputation”.
Police are still yet to determine the motive for Paddock's shooting rampage, and the investigation continues.
A A
WASHINGTON — Just six days into their presidency, Donald Trump was informed their national security adviser had misled their vice president about contacts with Russia. Trump kept their No. 2 in the dark and waited nearly three weeks before ousting the aide, Michael Flynn, citing a slow but steady erosion of trust, White House officials said Tuesday.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI about their telephone conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., a sign their ties to Russia had caught the attention of law enforcement officials.
But in the White House's retelling of Flynn's stunning downfall, their error was not that they discussed U.S. economic sanctions with the Russian before the inauguration — a potential violation of a rarely enforced law — but the fact that they denied it for weeks, apparently misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other senior Trump aides about the nature of the conversations. White House officials said they conducted a thorough review of Flynn's interactions, including transcripts of calls secretly recorded by U.S. intelligence officials, but found nothing illegal.
Pence, who had vouched for Flynn in a televised interview, is said to have been angry and deeply frustrated.
“The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable incidents is what led the president to ask General Flynn for their resignation,” White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said Tuesday, one day after the president asked Flynn to leave.
Flynn, in an interview with The Daily Caller News Foundation, said Monday “there were no lines crossed” in their conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
The explanation of the episode left many questions unanswered, including why Trump didn't alert Pence to the matter and why Trump allowed Flynn to keep accessing classified information and taking part in the president's discussions with world leaders up until the day they were fired.
White House officials also struggled to explain why Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway had declared the president retained “full confidence” in Flynn just hours before the adviser had to submit their letter of resignation.
The White House shakeup, less than one month into Trump's tenure, marked another jarring setback for a new administration already dealing with tensions among top aides and a legal fight over the president's travel ban order. Flynn's firing also heightened questions about the president's friendly posture toward Russia. Democrats called for investigations into Flynn's contacts, and Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham said Congress needed to know whether they had been acting with direction from the president or others.
Trump initially thought Flynn could survive the controversy, according to a person with direct knowledge of the president's views, but a pair of explosive stories in The Washington Post in recent days made the situation untenable. As early as last week, they and aides began making contingency plans for Flynn's dismissal, a senior administration official said. While the president was said to be upset with Flynn, they also expressed anger with other aides for “losing control” of the story and making their young administration look bad.
Pence spokesperson Marc Lotter said Pence became aware that they had received “incomplete information” from Flynn only after the first Washington Post report Thursday night. Pence learned about the Justice Department warnings to the White House around the same time.
The officials and others with knowledge of the situation were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly and requested anonymity.
Ahead of the Jan. 20 inauguration, Pence and other officials insisted publicly that Flynn had not discussed sanctions in their talks with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. On Jan. 26, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates contacted White House counsel Don McGahn to raise concerns about discrepancies between the public accounting and what intelligence officials knew to be true about the contacts based on routine recordings of communications with foreign officials who are in the U.S.
The Justice Department warned the White House that the inconsistencies would leave the president's top national security aide vulnerable to blackmail from Russia, according to a person with knowledge of the discussion. The president was informed of the warnings the same day, Spicer said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI around the same time, according to a U.S. official was briefed on the investigation.
It was not immediately known what questions the FBI asked of Flynn or what they told law enforcement officials.
McGahn, along with chief of staff Reince Priebus and strategist Steve Bannon, also questioned Flynn multiple times in the ensuing weeks, a White House official said. Top aides also reviewed transcripts of Flynn's contacts with the ambassador, according to a person with knowledge of the review process.
At the same time, the official said Trump aides began taking steps to put some distance between the president and Flynn. CIA Director Mike Pompeo and retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, a top Flynn aide, started taking part in Trump's daily security briefings.
Top Trump advisers quietly met with Vice Admiral Robert Harward last week and spoke with the former Navy SEAL again Monday, the White House official said. Harward is seen as the top contender for the job, though former CIA Director David Petraeus and Kellogg, who has temporarily stepped into the role, are also under consideration.
Spicer said other “questionable incidents” had contributed to Flynn's firing. According to one person with knowledge of the matter, those incidents included Flynn seeking a security clearance for their son during the transition.
At the time, it was Pence who was again put in the position of defending Flynn on television, saying they had not sought a clearance for the retired general's son.
A U.S. official told The Associated Press that Flynn was in frequent contact with Kislyak on the day the Obama administration slapped sanctions on Russia for election-related hacking, as well as at other times during the transition. Spicer said Flynn was not discussing sanctions at the president's behest.
Before they resigned Monday night, Flynn told the investigative news nonprofit affiliated with the website The Daily Caller that they and Kislyak spoke only generally about the Russian diplomats expelled by President Barack Obama as part of the previous administration's response to Moscow's interference in the U.S. presidential election.
“It wasn't about sanctions. It was about the 35 guys who were thrown out,” Flynn said. “It was basically: ‘Look, I know this happened. We'll review everything.' I never said anything such as, ‘We're going to review sanctions,' or anything like that.”
——
Associated Press writers Jonathan Lemire, Eric Tucker, Ken Thomas, Jill Colvin, Erica Werner and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report.
The Union Cabinet on Wednesday chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi took a number of decisions, the most important being the hike in Minimum Support Price for Kharif Crops.
Here are the key decisions that the Union Cabinet took at today's meet.
· Cabinet approves minimum support price for Kharif crops
In order to boost the income of the farmers, the Union Cabinet on Wednesday approved the Minimum Support Price (MSP) for Kharif crops for the year 2018-19.
The meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi approved the proposal made by Union Minister Arun Jaitley in the Budget 2018 of hiking the support price by one-and-a-half times of the production cost for Kharif crops.
The MSP for paddy has been increased by around Rs 200 per quintal, Jowar (hybrid) by Rs 730 per quintal and Ragi by Rs 997 per quintal. · Cabinet okays accession to 2 WIPO treaties The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday approved the proposal submitted by Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion, Ministry of Commerce and Industry, regarding the accession to the WIPO Copyright Treaty and WIPO Performers and Phonograms Treaty which extends coverage of copyright to the internet and digital environment. The approval is a step towards the objective laid in the National Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) Policy adopted by the central government on May 12, 2016 · Cabinet okays to MoU between India, UK on law, justice cooperation The Union Cabinet approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and the United Kingdom regarding cooperation between both countries in the field of law and justice and to set up a joint consultative committee. The MoU takes care of concerns and requirements in the field of exchange of experience by legal professionals, government functionaries and their training and effective legal aid mechanism for resolution of disputes before various courts, tribunals, etc. Cabinet gives nod to DNA Technology Regulation Bill The Cabinet approved the DNA Technology (Use and Application) Regulation Bill2018. The primary intended purpose for enactment of the bill is for expanding the application of DNA-based forensic technologies to support and strengthen the justice delivery system of the country. · Cabinet approves Schemes for Relief and Rehabilitation of Migrants The Union Cabinet on Wednesday chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi approved continuance of the 8 existing schemes of the Ministry of Home Affairs upto March 2020 for relief and rehabilitation of migrants and repatriates under the Umbrella scheme "Relief and Rehabilitation of Migrants and Repatriates". The financial implication for this purpose is Rs. 3183 crore for the period 2017-18 to 2019-20. The year-wise phasing of the scheme will be Rs. 911 crore in 2017-18, Rs.1372 crore in 2018-19 and Rs. 900 crore in 2019-2020. (ANI)
This article originally appeared on TIME.
(DALLAS)—United Airlines' profit plunged 69% in the first three months of the year, and that was before the terrible publicity surrounding the dragging of a bloodied passenger off a plane.
The cost of fuel, labor and maintenance all rose sharply in the first quarter, helping push United's profit down to $96 million, despite higher revenue.
The results released Monday beat Wall Street expectations, however. United performed better by other measures—more cancellation-free days, fewer lost bags.
The power to raise prices was also swinging United's way. A key revenue-per-mile figure was flat, adding to evidence that a two-year decline in average fares is over. United expects the revenue-per-mile figure to rise by 1% to 3% in the second quarter.
It is unclear whether last week's incident in which Chicago airport officers dragged a 69-year-old man off a United Express plane will halt United's progress.
CEO Oscar Munoz issued another apology Monday.
“It is obvious from recent experiences that we need to do a much better job serving our customers,” Munoz said in a statement. They said the company is “dedicated to setting the standard for customer service among U.S. airlines.”
While the April 9 United Express Flight 3411 made headlines all last week, it has had little effect on United's stock. United Continental Holdings Inc. stock fell about the same as shares of Delta, Alaska and JetBlue last week.
Ahead of its report, United led a rally in airline stocks Monday. The Chicago-based company's shares rose $1.70, or 2.5%, to close at $70.77. After the financial results were released, the shares gained another 73 cents in after-hours trading.
Excluding non-repeating items, United said first-quarter profit was 41 cents per share. Wall Street expected 38 cents per share, according to a FactSet survey of 16 analysts.
Revenue rose 3% to $8.42 billion, also topping forecasts. But operating costs jumped 8%, driven by a 28% increase in fuel, a 7% rise in labor, and a 13% in maintenance and repair expenses.
Airlines are prospering from travel demand that remains relatively strong. Reduced competition — several major airports are dominated by one or two carriers — may limit United's financial fallout to the dragging incident.
Seth Kaplan, managing partner of industry newsletter Airline Weekly, said one-time events rarely have a lasting impact on an airline's revenue. They said a few travelers with options might try another airline, but United loyalists will be pragmatic and take a longer view — and United has been making impressive strides.
“They are more punctual, they're losing fewer bags,” Kaplan said. “But it takes some time for the perception to catch up with the reality. This resets the clock. It was the last thing they needed.”
Cowen and Co. analyst Helane Becker said Monday that investors should be concerned if the incident leads to more government regulation of the airlines.
United has said it is examining policies including booting passengers off sold-out flights, and has promised a complete review by April 30. It has already taken some steps, including requiring that crew members flying to assignments book flights at least an hour early. Had that policy been in place on April 9, it might have averted the need to remove four passengers to make room for Republic Airline employees on their way to staff a United Express flight the next morning.
Besides the damage to United's reputation, investors are nervous that airlines are planning to add too many flights, undercutting the recovery in prices.
United will increase domestic service this summer, adding some new routes and offering more-frequent flights on others. Munoz has defended the expansion as necessary to fill gaps in United's route map that were created when the airline was shrinking.
United executives planned to discuss the first-quarter results with analysts and reporters on Tuesday.
This article originally appeared in Time.com
UNITED NATIONS (Sputnik) — On Tuesday, de Mistura confirmed to Sputnik that they would visit Moscow on February 16 and was planning to meet Russian ministers.
"He [de Mistura] has visited a number of capitals trying to coordinate efforts as we proceed for the next round of talks," Haq said at a Tuesday briefing. "Prior to that [Geneva talks] they are going to do as much as they can to bring governments together in support of this process."
© REUTERS/ Pierre Albouy De Mistura Hopes Syrian Opposition Able to Form Delegations for Geneva Talks
Haq said they could not immediately confirm the information regarding de Mistura's visit to Moscow.
De Mistura's spokesperson Yara Sharif said on Monday that the intra-Syria talks in Geneva would officially start on February 23 while the delegations are due to arrive on February 20.
Ahead of Geneva talks, Kazakh capital Astana will host the second round of Syrian talks on February 15-16.
Billy Stanlake announced themselves on the international stage before Australia cruised to a seven-wicket victory against New Zealand in a rain-affected opener to the Twenty20 tri-series.
After Stanlake's electrifying 3-15 helped keep New Zealand to 9-117 at the SCG, Chris Lynn (44) and Glenn Maxwell (40no) powered Australia to a revised target of 95 with 3.3 overs of the allotted 15 to spare.
Following an hour-long rain delay in the innings break, the pair came to the wicket when David Warner (6) and D'Arcy Short (4) fell early but rarely looked troubled until Lynn was caught on the boundary eight runs shy of the target.
Renowned for being two of the best T20 batsmen in the country, Lynn's 33-ball knock included six fours and one six, while Maxwell also whacked five fours and one six.
But the star of the show was Stanlake, after he'd earlier ripped through the Black Caps' top order with wickets with their first two balls and another in the second over of their opening spell.
In just their fourth international match, 23-year-old Stanlake nudged 150km/h throughout their four overs as they dismissed Colin Munro and Tom Bruce when both were on three.
Their inswinging delivery to remove Martin Guptill was their best, beating the Kiwi star all ends up and taking the top of off stump.
"That is the most nervous that I have felt in quite a while," Stanlake told the Nine Network.
"The first over seemed to settle me down a bit so that was nice."
Such was the early dominance of Stanlake and fellow opening quick Kane Richardson (0-28), they sent down 18 dot balls in the first four overs and held New Zealand to 3-29 in the six-over powerplay.
They also helped to limit Black Caps captain Kane Williamson to the slowest innings of their 47-match international T20 career, before Andrew Tye had them caught off a leading edge at cover for eight off 20 balls.
Tye finished with 4-23, as they returned to clean up the tail and kept world No.2-ranked New Zealand to less than a run a ball in an innings for the first time since 2012.
Only Colin de Grandhomme provided any real counterattack for New Zealand, with their unbeaten 38 from 24 balls featuring three massive sixes square off Tye and Adam Zampa.
Hollywood movie mogul Harvey Weinstein is threatening to sue the New York Times after the paper published a bombshell report Thursday alleging that the Democratic Party mega-donor sexually harassed multiple women over a period of decades, and allegedly reached financial settlements with at least eight of them.
Weinstein — who has hired high-powered attorney Charles Harder, who won a $140 million settlement for Hulk Hogan against Gawker — said he's suing the Times' for $50 million over its “reckless reporting” and “inability to be honest with me.”
advertisement
The Academy Award-winning producer told Page Six that the Times “had a deal with us that they would tell us about the people they had on the record in the story, so we could respond appropriately, but they didn't live up to the bargain.”
Weinstein said: “This is a vendetta, and the next time I see [Times executive editor] Dean Baquet, it will be across a courtroom.”
Among those alleging that Weinstein sexually harassed them are actor Ashley Judd and actor Rose McGowan, who the Times reports settled with Weinstein.
A Times spokesperson issued a statement, according to Variety, defending the paper's report.
“We are confident in the accuracy of our reporting,” the Times said. “Mr. Weinstein was aware and able to respond to specific allegations in our story before publication. In fact, we published their response in full.”
Weinstein provided a statement to the Times, apologizing for the “pain” they have caused.
“I admit to a whole way of behavior that is not good. I can't talk specifics, but I put myself in positions that were stupid, I want to respect women and do things better,” Weinstein said, vowing to change.
In the wake of the shocking report, a bevy of actores and some of Hollywood's biggest personalities have publicly condemned Weinstein and urged others not to work with him.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson
The U.S. government has 23 days to reunite families separated from their loved ones at the border. The Trump administration is staying quiet about how many children separated from families are still in government custody.
Scroll for more content...
Tuesday night, Denver7 learned just how difficult and painful this process is for families. We were there as a mother hugged their daughter for the first time in years after being released from a Colorado ICE facility. And it's not over, as she's still waiting to hug the rest of their children.
They wanted to remain anonymous but shared their journey of escaping the violence in Central America. In Aurora, a teenage girl saw their mom for the first time in a long time. The girl was born in the United States and is a citizen, while their mom was in Central America with their two younger siblings. One of those siblings, an 8-year-old girl, was separated from the mother at the border in Arizona.
"It has been almost four years and haven't seen her, and she's everything to me, but right now we have to wait for my sister who was separated from my mom," said the teenage girl.
The little girl is in foster care, while the mother has been at the Aurora Detention Center for the last two months.
"She feels so sad because they didn't want to be separated from my sister," said the teenage girl.
It was part of the now reversed "zero tolerance" policy; separating families claiming asylum. There are reportedly more than 40 parents staying at the Aurora Detention Center who are waiting to be reunited with their kids.
Tuesday night, the family stayed at Casa De Paz, a non-profit group that provides post-release help to immigrants.
Sarah Jackson started Casa De Paz six years ago to give many of them a place to rest their heads, while they plan their next steps.
"She's happy to see their daughter, but she's also extremely terrified if she'll ever see their other daughter, the one that is still in detention," said Jackson. "For the detention centers all around the country that don't have this post-release support, people are left defenseless on the street with nothing. No money. No phone. Sometimes they don't speak English, and so they're very very vulnerable."
There's still a 12-year-old son back in Central America. The mother plans to get them to the U.S. hopefully soon. For now, she's trying to heal from the trauma of their journey.
"Some women need help, and they just take away their daughters and sons away from them, and it hurts more," said the teenage girl translating for their mother.
© Sputnik/ Irina Gerashchenko DPR Says Ceasefire Observed in Ukraine's Donetsk Region Early on Saturday
–
UNITED NATIONS (Sputnik)The well-being of hundreds of thousands of civilians on both sides of the contact line in Donetsk is under threat because of lack of access to drinking water, United Nations Emergency Relief Coordinator Stephen O'Brien said in a statement on Wednesday.
"I am deeply concerned for the well-being of some 400,000 people on both sides of the ‘contact line' in the Donetska Oblast of eastern Ukraine who have been without access to safe drinking water for four days due to shelling of the First Lift Pumping Station of the South Donbass Water Pipeline on 11 June," O'Brien stated.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The frustration goes on for some Bath Rugby fans who still haven't been able to get home, three days after watching their team losing 24-20 by Toulon in the Champions Cup.
Snow, ice and wind in the south of England and northern Europe has caused travel chaos.
Numerous flights have been cancelled from Marseille, Nice and Amsterdam, where the vast majority of supporters were scheduled to fly home from on Sunday or Monday.
Heathrow and other London airports were affected by the wintry weather and, as there are no direct flights from Marseille and Nice to Bristol at this time of year, it all resulted in some creative routes home.
Munich, Brussels, Madrid and even some Italian cities became connection destinations.
Others flew to Paris and took the train back to London, but even then that was not a smooth journey.
The Bath team had a chartered BMI flight out of Toulon airport - which has very few commercial destinations - and landed in Bristol on Sunday.
Andrew Daniel and their group were eventually able to fly from Nice to the French capital, but due to their flight running late they missed their connecting flight and decided to get a train.
Then their Eurostar was delayed by an hour and trains in and out of London's Waterloo station were cancelled due to a fire.
Jeweller John Titcombe, their family and fellow season-ticket holder Emma Sparks had their British Airways flights from Marseille to Heathrow cancelled two days running.
They are hoping to finally arrive back in the UK at lunchtime today. Having to take extra days off work and organise extended care for pets has added to the frustration.
Emma said last night: “We're back at the same hotel and in pretty much the same seats as last night… in the bar.”
Sian James' group had been planning to go to the funeral of Mike Grice - a popular season-ticket holder and regular on away trips who lost their battle with cancer recently.
The disruption means they are unlikely to get back in time for the service.
Sian said: "Our rearranged flight is cancelled as well and the next flight we were offered was Wednesday via Madrid.
"We have now given up on British Airways and booked a train, but the first train tomorrow (Tuesday) gets us to London at five-ish so we will just miss the funeral."
Kay Dunn is another support who is still in France and does not have a scheduled flight back to the UK until 2.55pm today.
"It's been a frustrating end to great weekend," they said.
John Normile eventually got back to Heathrow last night.
“The result was bad enough but the chaos that has followed for all is unbelievable,” they said. “Bon voyage all those still waiting to get home.”
Even people trying to get from Toulon to Marseille airport struggled when someone died on the line, which meant more delays.
Henry Bate told of the confusion at Nice airport when a text message was sent to passengers saying a flight was cancelled, only for it to be referring to a flight at the same time the next day.
“I went to check in and it was carnage," they said. "A bright spark in BA HQ accidentally cancelled the wrong flight.
"Scenes of chaos ensued and everyone had to be rechecked in manually.
"The flight was double-booked and some didn't get new boarding passes, which meant more people trying to board the plane than seats.”
After a two-hour delay stuck on the runway they eventually got back to Heathrow.
The weather for Bath's game on Saturday afternoon was sunny and dry. Although it wasn't snowing in Nice or Marseille on Sunday and Monday, there was torrential rain and strong winds.
James Bell's flight from Nice to Heathrow was diverted to Bournemouth, where they were sat on the runway for four hours. Other London-bound flights ended up landing in Cardiff.
James said: "We met match referee Andrew Brace on the flight while we were waiting, who was a great guy. They even agreed to a selfie."
James eventually got home at 2am yesterday and was in work at 7.16am.
They added: "This hasn't spoiled the weekend, especially after the effort the boys put in."
Steve Watson, who enjoyed mixing with the hospitable Toulon fans, said: "We were meant to fly home on Sunday but our flight was cancelled early so we could make alternative arrangements.
"We had a great time except for the result. We saw the Bath players on Saturday night and would like to thank them for letting us have numerous photographs taken with them. Gentlemen one and all."
Trish Lawrence was keen to make the most of their time stranded in Provence.
They said yesterday: “We're currently sitting in Le Meridien hotel in Nice. No flights till Wednesday so let's hope the storm passes soon and we can make the most of our enforced stay.”
James Marchant also looked on the bright side of the situation.
They said: “We're stuck in Toulon but luckily we could extend the apartment for one night, get out and do some tourist stuff.
“Thank goodness for grandparent childcare and French wine.”
By Michael Hirtzer CHICAGO, March 31 U.S. livestock futures were narrowly mixed on Friday, with live cattle edging slightly higher in a rebound from an earlier 10-day low as investors squared up their positions on the final day of the quarter, traders and analysts said. Most-active Chicago Mercantile Exchange June live cattle settled unchanged at 110.875 cents per lb, underpinned by expectations that demand for cattle will remain robust in the coming weeks. Cattle on a continuous chart gained about 0.8 percent for the quarter. Prices earlier came under pressure from declines in wholesale beef and lower trades in Plains cash cattle markets. "This market is undervalued," Top Third Ag Marketing broker Craig VanDyke said of live cattle. "We're seeing some weakness in the (beef) product but I don't think that's a surprise given the run-up in the slaughter." The U.S. Department of Agriculture said wholesale beef prices fell $1.09 to $214.12 per cwt, lowest in about three weeks. Beef prices have declined from the multimonth peaks of $224.93 on March 22 as packers boosted slaughter rates this month to capitalize on big profit margins. CME May feeder cattle futures finished 1.275 cents higher at 132.700 cents per lb, above their session lows of 130.125. For the quarter, feeder cattle climbed 2.7 percent. CME June lean hog futures were down 0.650 cent to 69.850 cents per lb. Hogs finished the quarter about flat. Hogs on Thursday fell to a three-month low ahead of a USDA quarterly pigs report that showed the U.S. herd 4 percent larger than a year ago, at 70.976 million head. "Hogs are performing fairly well... this might be a victory," VanDyke said, pointing to the bearish USDA hogs supply data. Still, hogs continued to decline in U.S. cash markets. Prices fell 24 cents to an average of $61.49 per cwt in the top market of Iowa and southern Minnesota, USDA data showed. Wholesale pork edged 22 cents higher to $75.40 per cwt, led by steep increases in prices for pork butt and picnic cuts. (Reporting by Michael Hirtzer; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CAPE TOWN - Business Leadership South Africa (BLSA) said yesterday that it had lifted the suspension of Eskom, which reinstates the electricity utility's full membership of the organisation.
Eskom was suspended in September last year in the wake of serious allegations of state capture and corruption.
“BLSA has decided it is now appropriate to lift Eskom's suspension. This decision has been communicated to Eskom's leadership,” said BLSA chief executive Bonang Mohale.
The decision to lift Eskom's suspension – taken by the BLSA board – was in recognition of the progress made by Eskom's new board since its appointment, it said in a statement.
– BUSINESS REPORT
By: Jordan Cope, Sports Editor
The race toward the end of the regular season continued for Towson this week when the team defeated Drexel Saturday on the road and Hofstra Thursday at SECU Arena.
During an interview prior to the season's start, Head coach Pat Skerry stressed the importance of playing good basketball down the stretch going into the conference tournament.
“That's when you want to be playing your best basketball,” they said.
Saturday, Towson and Drexel clashed for the second and final meeting of the season. The last time the two teams met, Towson pulled out a double overtime victory. This time, Towson held off Drexel in regulation to earn its fourth straight win.
The Tigers went into the half with a 33-28 lead over the Dragons, despite shooting 41 percent from the field. In the second half, the Tigers began to warm up and shot 52 percent from the field to hold off the Dragons for a 69-65 win.
Sophomore forward Alex Thomas helped Towson on the boards. They recorded a career-high 14 rebounds and added eight points to the mix.
“I just happened to be in the right place most of the game to grab rebounds,” Thomas said. “This is a great team win for us to get on the road. We are focused on finishing the season strong and go into the CAA tournament with a lot of momentum.”
Thursday, a second-half turnaround in which Towson outscored Hofstra by 11 points propelled the team to a 69-65 victory.
At the end of the first half, the Pride led the Tigers by six. In those first 20 minutes, the Pride shot 43 percent from the field and 50 percent from three-point range. In the second half, however, the Tigers played strong defense to flip the script on the Pride.
Hofstra cooled off considerably in the last 20, going just eight of 28 from the field and one of 10 from beyond the arc.
“I really challenged them at the half about our defense,” Skerry said. “Just a phenomenal effort.”
Junior guard Deshaun Morman stepped up for the Tigers. They led all Tiger scorers with 13 points.
“Really proud of Deshaun,” Skerry said. “I got at them a little bit last week and their response tonight was absolutely outstanding. He's practiced really well, so I'm not surprised they played that well.”
Towson has four more games before the start of the Colonial Athletic Association tournament in Charleston, South Carolina.
The team will host Elon and James Madison before taking to the road to conclude its campaign against UNC Wilmington and William & Mary.
North Korea's biggest export by monetary value is coal, which is used by China. But second biggest, $752 million last year, a quarter of all North Korean exports – is clothing. And you could be wearing it.
Chinese traders buy clothes that say "Made in China" but are really made in North Korea. Reuters news service says the Chinese do it – this is rich in irony – because labor costs are cheaper. Chinese jobs would never return here but would migrate to some still-cheaper labor market. Like coal, North Korean clothes come into China through the border city of Dandong.
Reuters reports the clothes are then shipped to Europe, America, Canada, Russia, Japan, even South Korea. A trader told Reuters the retailer often does not know where the clothes really come from. U.N. economic sanctions do not include textiles.
Copyright 2017. Hawaii News Now. All Rights Reserved.
THE CANADIAN PRESS
HALIFAX -- Former Nova Scotia premier Darrell Dexter has received an appointment to teach a public policy course at Dalhousie University.
Dexter, who was the province's first NDP premier between 2009 and 2013, is taking on the role through the MacEachen Institute for Public Policy and Governance.
Their course will offer graduate students the chance to discuss public policy challenges with a variety of guests, with Dexter chairing the gatherings.
Dexter says in a news release they expect topics ranging from healthcare, economic growth and civic engagement to be discussed during the weekly classes.
Dexter is currently a vice-chair at Global Public Affairs, the country's largest privately owned government relations firm.
In March, the former premier announced he'd be heading up the firm's work on the legalization of marijuana.
U.S. President Donald Trump appears on stage at a rally in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, U.S. April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump said they were actively considering breaking up big banks, Bloomberg Television reported on Monday.
Trump's comments could give a push to efforts to revive the Depression-era Glass-Steagall law that separated commercial lending from investment banking. Reviving such a law would require an act by Congress.
"I'm looking at that right now,” Trump said on Monday in an interview with Bloomberg News in the Oval Office. “There's some people that want to go back to the old system, right? So we're going to look at that.”
While campaigning for president, Trump had expressed support on the campaign trail for a "21st-century Glass-Steagall."
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer told a news briefing that Trump had expressed interest in the issue and had been briefed on it by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin but was not ready to discuss it publicly.
"We're not at a point where we're ready to roll out details of that yet," Spicer said. "He is actively looking at options and considering things."
One of Trump's top economic advisers, Gary Cohn, director of the National Economic Council, reiterated Trump's support for the concept during a private meeting with lawmakers on April 6, a White House spokesperson told Reuters.
U.S. stocks sharply pared gains on Monday after Trump's comments and the S&P 500 bank index dropped nearly 1 percent before rebounding.
(Reporting by Timothy Ahmann and Doina Chiacu; editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Jonathan Oatis)
Julian Wilson needed to overcome a late 18+ point combo situation against Gabriel Medina in the final of the Billabong Pro Tahiti, and they did so in thrilling fashion, scoring back-to-back nines to win their first event at Teahupoo and the third World Tour victory of their career, which moves them up to No.5 on the Jeep leaderboard. The final included a little of everything: history (all of Wilson's three finals wins have been against Medina, the first in 2012 at Portugal, and the second in 2015 at the Pipe Masters), heat (the two paddle-battled for priority early and were visibly miffed), and excellent-range rides (the average wave score in the final was a 9.21). The WSL's Rosy Hodge caught up with Julian after the horn sounded to talk about the win, and on their outlook for the remainder of the season.
On the feeling of accomplishment, and on turning their season around
It's been a few years. So special to win. Such a good final. I'm speechless. I'm pretty worn out. I'm ecstatic. There's nothing left in me. I'm not going to cry, but I feel like crying. I'm so happy and relieved to finally win an event again. So happy.
On their first 9-point ride (Rosy: "You just magician'd that thing. The takeoff was insane.")
It was such a good wave. I was a little bit far in, but the wave was so nice, I wanted to make something special happen, and I did. I didn't nosedive on the takeoff, got up in it, and came out, and I knew I was right back in the heat, in a big way. I had plenty of time to get that 8.6 I needed. It really turned on for us in the final. We had some great opportunities. I was just glad I got one more special one.
On winning Tahiti, and how the victory ranks for them in their career
Just winning in general. It's my ultimate goal, every event. This one and Pipe kind of snuck up on me, because they're not really my pet events [Laughs]. I'm just so happy to win these events. It took so many good waves to win this. I said it early on in the contest: it's going to take a lot of good waves to win an event like this. I was lucky enough to get those, and now, I'm standing here at the end.
On the intensity in the beginning of the heat with Gabriel Medina
Yeah, we'll just leave that one in the water. He's tenacious, he's got a big heart. We can leave that one in the water.
On being in contention for the World Title
It sits nicely. I felt like I was trending in the right direction. I've had a pretty steady start to the year. I'm so happy to be in the mix now, with so many events left. Really looking forward to it. I was already enjoying myself on Tour, but now even more so. Being there with Owen, Wilko, growing up surfing heats with them. And Jordy — I saw a photo the other day: me and Jordy were in the U-14 at D-Bah, and they were twice the size of me. He's got their hand on my head [Laughs]. I'm glad to be in the race with those guys. Can't wait for the rest of the year.
ANKARA (Sputnik) — US President Donald Trump congratulated in a phone call on Monday Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on winning a constitutional referendum, the Turkish state news agency Anadolu reported.
"Trump congratulated President Erdoğan on the phone with the victory of supporters of constitutional reform in Sunday's referendum," the agency said in its Twitter blog.
On Sunday, the majority of Turks supported government-backed constitutional changes to shift to a presidential system from a parliamentary system of government, and therefore broaden presidential powers, with preliminary results showing 51.4 percent support.
Mario Batali is stepping back from their restaurant empire as well as their hosting gig on ABC amid multiple accusations of sexual misconduct.
In an Eater story published Monday, four women came forward with personal stories accusing the celebrity chef, 57, of “inappropriate touching in a pattern of behavior that spans at least two decades.”
One of the accusers, a chef and fan of Batali, introduced themselves to them at a party about 10 years ago. When someone bumped into them and caused them to spill wine down their shirt, The Chew cohost reportedly groped her, saying, “Let me help you with that.”
“He just went to town, and I was so shocked,” the woman told Eater. “Jaw on the ground, I just stepped back from them in utter disgust and walked away.”
Three of the accusers worked for Batali, with one former employee claiming that they grabbed them from behind and press them against them repeatedly over the course of two years. Two others described incidents where Batali groped them.
RELATED: Powerful Men Who Have Been Accused of Sexual Misconduct After the Weinstein Scandal
Victims said they kept their secrets out of fear of retribution. A woman who claims they were inappropriately touched while working as an employee of Batali's in the 1990s explained, “He has clear intent on being threatening when they are wronged. And the level of vindictiveness is very chilling. So, it never occurred to me to share tales out of school.”
Astrid Stawiarz/Getty
Just two months ago, the chef was reported by an employee for inappropriate behavior. A spokesperson for Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group told Eater this incident was the first formal complaint about Batali, who was required to undergo training.
In a statement to PEOPLE, the hospitality group said: “We have had systematic policies and training about sexual harassment for over 10 years, including a detailed procedure for employees to report complaints to senior management. All members of management have participated in these trainings, including Mr. Batali.”
For the latest breaking celebrity food and chef news, subscribe to the People Food newsletter.
Although Batali remains an owner of their restaurants, they announced that they will take a leave of absence from their restaurant empire as well as their hosting gig on The Chew.
“We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention,” an ABC spokesperson for the show said in a statement to PEOPLE. “ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment. While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving them and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct.”
WATCH: PEOPLE Writer Natasha Stoynoff, Who Accused Donald Trump Of Sexual Harassment, Opens Up On Matt Lauer Accusations
In a statement to Eater, Batali said, “I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt. Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted. That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family.”
“I know my actions have disappointed many people,” they continued. “The successes I have enjoyed are owned by everyone on my team. The failures are mine alone. To the people who have been at my side during this time — my family, my partners, my employees, my friends, my fans — I am grateful for your support and hopeful that I can regain your respect and trust. I will spend the next period of time trying to do that.”
STANFORD, Calif. — Dorian Pickens thought only of being aggressive and let the chips fall. They were nearly perfect.
Pickens scored 25 points, making five 3-pointers, and Stanford handed Oregon its worst loss of the Dana Altman era, beating the Ducks 96-61 Saturday.
KZ Okpala added 20 points for the Cardinal (13-11, 7-4 Pac-12), who won their second straight and seventh in 10 games. Reid Travis added 17 points.
"We all wanted to come out and be aggressive right from the jump," Pickens said. "One of our themes for this game was to attack at both ends right from the tip-off. We did that and it paid off."
Troy Brown scored 15 points for Oregon (15-8, 5-5), who had a three-game winning streak snapped. Victor Bailey, Jr. added 13 points and Elijah Brown and Paul White scored 10 each.
The game seemed to turn on a blown call. Oregon threw the ball out of bounds but was awarded the ball. Payton Pritchard hit a 3-pointer moment later to bring the Ducks within 19-16.
Daejon Davis hit a 3-pointer on the other end that sparked a 13-0 run and Stanford was in control the rest of way. Davis flirted with a triple-double, scoring nine points, grabbing seven rebounds and dishing out eight assists.
"It was an awesome step forward," Stanford coach Jarod Haase said. "Personally I want to enjoy the heck out of it. I'm hoping it's an important step, a great win against a great coach. We have to take in stride with the intent of growing."
Pickens was 9-of-11 shooting from the floor including 5 of 6 from 3-point range. Okpala hit a layup in the final minute of the first half and the Cardinal took a 50-34 lead into halftime.
"We need them to be aggressive in all ways," Haase said. "Dorian won't brag about themselves but I will happily brag about him."
MGM will come alive with Shuckers baseball next month. Here to talk about the 2018 season, the new voice of the Shucker's Garrett Greene.
Dogs and their owners took a six-mile sponsored Mutt Strutt in Llandudno on Sunday and raised more than £350 for North Wales' RSPCA Bryn-y-Maen Animal Centre.
In total, 18 people took their dogs on a walk around the Great Orme. The event has already raised £350 for the centre, with donations still coming in.
The funds support the centre's work in helping, and re-homing, animals rescued from cruelty and neglect.
Dozens of animals based at the centre continue to hope for new owners, and one of those, Noah, a one-year-old foxhound, joined the walkers on the weekend for the event.
Chris Butler, from the centre, said: “It was fantastic to see a strong contingent of dogs, and their owners, enjoying the Mutt Strutt.
“The funds we raise are vital in helping us support and rehome animals like foxhound Noah, who is looking for a new forever home.
“The centre rehomed 453 animals last year, and it is the kindness of RSPCA supporters which helps us to do this work. We'll be organising another Mutt Strutt for the spring, and we'd love to see dog lovers from across North Wales join us, have fun and raise money.”
Foxhound Noah is a playful dog, seeking a loving new home, with an owner who can keep them stimulated. Anyone interested in re-homing Noah, or any other animal at the Centre, can pop-by the Centre, or contact 0300 123 0745.
CAPE TOWN - The Golden Arrow Bus Services has launched an electronic ticketing system - Automatic Fare Collection (AFC) which might phase out the old printed tickets, if it gained a positive response from commuters.
The transport company said, as of January 27, 2018 every bus has been fitted with the AFC consoles and all cash transactions are being processed through the new system. All cash paying passengers will now enjoy the benefit of an off-peak fare during the hours of 08h00 and 16h00 - this has been based on a standardised percentage of the corresponding peak fare.
Also read: Naspers cancels contract with TV station sold by Guptas
Bronwen Dyke-Beyer, Golden Arrows's spokesperson said, the AFC system will make provision for the selling and updating of contact-less smart cards at various points and will control both cash fare validation and smart card validation aboard the buses.
Route-based travel packages will be loaded onto a smart card and rides will be deducted when tapping on. Handheld verifiers will be used by inspectors to verify cards as an additional fare evasion counter-measure. Cash fares will also still be accepted and a printed ticket will be issued.
Dyke-Beyer further said the system is reconfigurable should it be decided in future that additional smart cards, such as those used by MyCiTi, should be utilised.
Also read: BREAKING: Eskom's Sean Maritz is suspended
Parkeon, an international company specialising in urban mobility solutions - with operations in Europe, Australia and other countries, was awarded the tender to roll-out this project for Golden Arrow. "Depending on exchange rates, such systems can cost typically between R60 and R80 million for a company the size of Golden Arrow," Dyke-Beyer added.
INCEPTION
Dyke-Beyer said the electronic ticket systems were tested by Golden Arrow as far back as 1995. "The company has since kept a close eye on international developments in public transport ticketing systems."
"A combination of factors including policy uncertainty by government and specifications within draft model tender documents influenced decisions not to invest in new ticket systems. Although our paper ticketing system has in the past met our needs sufficiently, the company has now however reached a point where we can no longer delay introducing new equipment, " they added.
"Once we are completely satisfied with the cash fare system we will introduce the smart card system as a replacement for the current paper clipcards," the bus company said.
CURRENT SITUATION
Currently, the passengers are able to purchase paper multi-journey tickets from agents spread across the areas of operation.
"All tickets are route-based and priced according to distance and this also applies to peak and off-peak cash fare tickets. Concessionary fares for scholars and pensioners are also available," said Dyke-Beyer.
It is believed that system makes it easier for our drivers to perform their duties because, although it is highly advanced, it is also extremely user-friendly. Our passengers will also benefit from the simplicity of the transaction process, faster boarding and the security features associated with a smart-card system.
Top story: South Africans should brace for a 2% VAT increase
- BUSINESS REPORT ONLINE
If you are going off to college for the first time why walk into an unknown environment or take your friends perception of what your chosen college campus is like? To help you acquaint yourself with your new home away from home Rewordit offers college news at their online newspaper. College campus news at Rewordit.org instrumental at offering the latest news, videos, and discussion topics pertaining to college student, community achievements through college news.
The Rewordit is inspirational news platform, where you can find college online newspaper, technology news, entertainment news, the latest news, lifestyle news, health & fitness news, family news, the latest books & articles.
The first thing you ought to do if you haven't done so already is to spend some time and peruse your college's website for college student news. What easier way to learn about all the different aspects of your college campus. It's loaded with maps, information on student organizations and clubs, athletics, university health services, entertainment, travel blog and many other resources which will undoubtedly make you feel more comfortable once you get to campus.
At rewordit.org/college-news you will find trending topics such as
A Smart Band that Will Monitor Heart Health with ECG and Blood Pressure
Costa Rica Aiming to be the World's First Fossil Fuel-Free Country
Portable 3D Printer that can Manufacture Fresh Skin Tissue to Cover Wounds
Kenya Launches It's First Locally Made Satellite into Space
“Uber Rob” Melts Hearts with Free Ferry Service Across Floodwaters in Brunswick
Rewordit offers one of the best college newspapers that help students check out the various student clubs and organizations online make a point to visit the student activities office and choose a club or organization even before they get to campus.
On campus news from Rewordit certainly helps students meet other new students as well as professionals on campus who may turn out to be useful in the future.
Read your college campus newspaper at REwordit.org and discover a great way to find out what's happening on campus that might help you figure out where you'd like to get involved.
About Rewordit.org:
Rewordit.org is online newspaper that redefines the way we view current events. They work with a mission to empower people with the ability to recreate their story.
ASUNCION, Paraguay — Brazilian soccer club Chapecoense has asked South America's soccer governing body to expel Uruguayan club Nacional from the Copa Libertadores after some of its fans mocked the plane crash that killed most of the Chapecoense squad two years ago.
Chapecoense said Friday it asked CONMEBOL to postpone the teams' match on Wednesday if it can't make a ruling on its request by then. The request is based on tournament rules set by CONMEBOL that make clubs responsible for the misbehaviour of their fans.
CONMEBOL announced earlier that it had opened a disciplinary procedure against Nacional due to "offensive behaviours that are an attack on human dignity."
Nacional apologized to the Brazilian team and later said that it had identified two fans and banned them as club members. Authorities were also alerted, so that the two men are not allowed again at sporting events, Nacional said.
AMMAN — Police on Tuesday said they arrested a man who reportedly shot and killed their relative over an argument earlier in the day in Zarqa, official sources said.
The 41-year-old man was reportedly shot dead by their relative following an argument, and the suspect fled the area, Public Security Department Spokesperson Lt. Col. Amer Sartawi said.
“The suspect was in custody within two hours of the incident, and investigators are still searching for the weapon,” Sartawi told The Jordan Times.
The victim was rushed to a nearby hospital, but was declared dead on arrival, a senior medical source said.
A second source told The Jordan Times that the problem started a few days before and involved sheep that entered the suspect's courtyard and were grazing there.
“The suspect thought that the victim intentionally allowed the sheep in… and engaged in a heated argument a few days before the shooting,” the second source said.
On Tuesday, the second source said, “The argument over the matter was renewed between the two and ended with the death of the victim.”
A government autopsy conducted at the Zarqa National Institute of Forensic Medicine by pathologists Ibrahim Obeidat, Mohammad Momani and Mohammad Erteimat indicated that the victim died of a single bullet wound to the stomach, the medical source said.
“The bullet penetrated the victim's stomach and exited from the back, causing internal bleeding,” the medical source told The Jordan Times.
Sartawi said police are still investigating the incident.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
AMMAN — Their Majesty King Abdullah on Tuesday met with the Director General of the Economic and Social Association of Retired Servicemen and Veterans retired Maj. Gen. Ahmad Ali Ayed Ajarmeh, a statement from the Royal Court said.
Their Majesty urged a restructuring of the association and its law and called for activating its role as the official authority in charge of running the affairs of military retirees.
During the meeting, attended by Prime Minister Hani Mulki, the King underlined the need to activate the association's development mandate through training and habilitating its members to enter the labour market, providing technical and consultative support, and providing aid to establish productive projects.
King Abdullah said that they will direct the government and the Jordan Armed Forces - Arab Army to provide the necessary support for the association and to follow up on retired personnel situation.
They called for sustaining contact between the association and its members to check on them and benefit from their expertise.
For their part, Ajarmeh expressed the retirees' appreciation for Their Majesty's support to improve the quality of services provided to its members.
Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily Game' game
OLYMPIA, Wash. (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the Washington Lottery's "Daily Game" game were:
5-1-4
(five, one, four)
April 10 Zhuhai Hokai Medical Instruments Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for Q1 2017 to decrease by 10 percent to 25 percent, or to be 40.0 million yuan to 48.0 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (53.3 million yuan)
* Comments that delayed income recording of hospital project, as well as increased investment and expenses are the main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/YDCkDC
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
(Reuters Health) - Instead of eating less saturated fat and worrying about so-called bad cholesterol, a group of doctors suggests an alternative approach for preventing heart disease.
More important, they say, is to focus on decreasing insulin resistance and inflammation in the body by targeting diet, exercise and reducing stress.
"If we target all those three things together (plus) a reduction of smoking then we'll combat 80 percent of all heart disease," said Dr. Aseem Malhotra of Lister Hospital in Stevenage, UK, who coauthored an editorial in the British Journal of Sports Medicine.
Saturated fats are mostly found in animal products like beef, pork, butter, cheese and other dairy.
Blaming coronary artery disease on saturated fat that clogs arteries is "just plain wrong," according to Malhotra and their two coauthors, Dr. Rita Redberg of the University of California, San Francisco and Dr. Pascal Meier of University College London, UK.
In their editorial, the three experts cite a 2015 review of past research that found no link between a diet full of saturated fats and an increased risk of coronary heart disease, type 2 diabetes, stroke due to clogged arteries, death from coronary heart disease, or death from any cause.
Furthermore, Malhotra told Reuters Health, the traditional advice to reduce levels of "bad" low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol through diet and exercise "is flawed."
They and their colleagues point to studies in which people who replaced saturated fat with vegetable oils containing omega-6 fatty acids did lower their LDL and total cholesterol levels but still ended up with a higher rate of death.
They also cite the well-known PREDIMED trial, in which people eating a Mediterranean diet with fats from olive oil or nuts were at lower risk of heart problems than people following a low-fat diet.
Another trial found better outcomes in people following a Mediterranean diet than in people eating a typical French diet, despite similar LDL levels in both groups.
The best way to predict heart disease risk, they write, is to look at patients' ratio of total cholesterol to "good" high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. A high ratio is linked with insulin resistance, which leads to high blood sugar and higher risks for heart disease, type 2 diabetes and obesity.
Malhotra said insulin resistance is worsened when low-fat dieting leads people to eat more refined carbohydrates like white bread and white rice, which are not found in Mediterranean diets.
They and their colleagues say Mediterranean diets, exercise and reducing stress all help combat inflammation.
"I think the best way to reduce risk of heart disease and stay healthy is to concentrate on a heart-healthy Mediterranean style diet, regular physical activity and not smoking," Redberg told Reuters Health by email.
Dr. Stephen Kopecky, a cardiologist at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, agrees with the experts' inflammation theory but isn't ready to remove the emphasis on LDL cholesterol.
Kopecky told Reuters Health that LDL levels are still an important measure to watch and treat with medications.
Dr. Dariush Mozaffarian, dean of the Tufts Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy in Boston, also says LDL levels are still important.
"I think the message is correct that we need more focus on diet and reducing inflammation," Mozaffarian told Reuters Health. "It doesn't mean we should throw out an additional tool focusing on LDL cholesterol and treatment."
Prevention doesn't involve a choice between lifestyle changes or lowering cholesterol, Mozaffarian added.
"It's both," they said.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2pn7q2A British Journal of Sports Medicine, online April 25, 2017.
Turns out for a lot of us it's Sherlock
In a world-wide poll of the most popular British BBC characters, Benedict Cumberbatch's Sherlock comes out on top by a considerable margin!
More than 7,000 people from Australia, France, Germany, India, Japan, Mexico & the US took part in the BBC Worldwide Showcase poll with almost 1/3 voting for the sociopath themselves and over 1/4 voting for Sherlock's death fall as the most iconic BBC moment.
Top 10 favourite British BBC characters
1 Sherlock - 29.7%
2 Doctor Who - 17.6%
3 Luther - 12.4%
4 Basil Fawlty - 11.8%
5 The Stig - 8.2%
6 Patsy Stone - 8.1%
7 Edmund Blackadder - 7.4%
8 Hyacinth Bucket - 6.1%
9 Vicars of Dibley - 5.8%
10 The Daleks - 5.6%
Top 10 most iconic BBC moments
1 Sherlock's death fall/Sherlock - 26%
2 Dead parrot sketch/Monty Python - 14.1%
3 The Doctor's regneration/Doctor Who - 13.1%
4 Ballroom scene/War and Peace - 12.6%
5 Mr Darcy emerging from the lake/Pride and Prejudice - 12.5%
6 Basil attacking their car/Fawlty Towers - 11.5%
7 Attenborough with gorillas/Life on Earth - 10.2%
8 David Brent dancing/The Office - 9.5%
9 Murderers in bed/Luther - 6.53%
10 "Don't tell him, Pike!"/Dad's Army - 6.5%
CLOSE The county landfill bristles with activity as trucks deliver loads of debris from Hurricane Irma. So far, about 2.8 of an estimated 4 million cubic yards of debris have been collected. The work is expected to continue until about the end of the year. Brent Batten/Naples Daily News
Buy Photo Lindsey Rotondo stands outside the remains of their home in the 2200 block of Kearney Avenue on Monday, April 24, 2017, in Golden Gate Estates. Rotondo, as well as their husband, Tony, and son Antonio III, 4, lost their home to a brush fire while celebrating the couple's seventh wedding anniversary at Magic Kingdom in Orlando. (Photo: Luke Franke/Naples Daily News)Buy Photo
Residents rebuilding their homes after Hurricane Irma and other disasters may get a break from Collier County.
Commissioners will vote Tuesday on a proposal to cut permit fees in half for repairs made after a disaster. The rebate would apply for any locally declared disaster, and include those who lost their homes in the April wildfires that consumed thousands of acres east of Naples.
The proposal comes about two months after commissioners shot down a request to forgive permit fees for two families who had to pay $2,400 apiece in fees to rebuild after losing their homes in the fires. Commissioners said at the time that they didn't want to set a precedent for individual relief without a more formal plan in place.
Commissioner Bill McDaniel, who voted along with Commissioner Donna Fiala in a losing attempt to forgive the fees, said it was a precedent they wouldn't mind setting.
"I would have preferred that we rebate all of it," McDaniel said. "But 50 percent still gives some relief and provides for inspections and administrative costs."
Between Irma and the fires, Collier County's permitting office expects that the fee reductions would help about 2,000 homeowners.
The cost of county permits range from $50 to several thousand dollars depending on the extent of work needed. The county estimates the average homeowner dealing with damage from the hurricane would pay about $450 in permit fees without the rebate.
The proposed reductions would not apply to rentals, only to homeowners at their permanent residences.
Cutting the fees in half will help those who lost everything, said Katherine Carroll, who asked commissioners in September to forgive the permit fees for the two fire victims.
"It's better than nothing," Carroll said.
— When Hurricane Irma gave us its worst, these people gave us their best:
Read our profiles of people who stepped up during Hurricane Irma —
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/money/business/local/2017/12/11/collier-county-may-cut-building-permit-costs-after-irma-brush-fires/940246001/
(Adds details from judge's ruling, comments from Chicago mayor and state official)
By Karen Pierog
CHICAGO, April 28 An Illinois judge dealt a blow to Chicago's cash-strapped school system on Friday by dismissing its lawsuit that argued the state's school-funding formula discriminates against minority students.
Cook County Circuit Court Judge Franklin Valderrama gave the nation's third-largest public school system until May 26 to amend the lawsuit after determining it failed to identify alleged discriminatory practices under Illinois' Civil Rights Act.
"To say that the state's current scheme of funding public education is broken is to state the obvious," the judge said in their ruling, adding however that the current lawsuit "is not the vehicle to redress this inequity." The Chicago Public Schools (CPS) sued Illinois officials in February, claiming the state's method of education funding discriminates against its largely black and Hispanic student body in violation of the Civil Rights Act.
Unlike all other Illinois school districts, which participate in a teachers' retirement system heavily subsidized by the state, CPS maintains its own pension fund for educators.
Escalating pension payments have led to drained reserves, debt dependency, and junk bond ratings for CPS.
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, who controls the district, said students will have a full school year despite the ruling.
The district had raised the possibility of saving $96 million by ending the school year on June 1 instead of June 20 and cancelling some summer school programs as it deals with a lingering $129 million deficit in its $5.41 billion budget and a looming $721 million pension payment. Emanuel offered no clue as to where the money would come from to fill the budget gap, telling reporters "we're going to look at all options." Some Chicago aldermen are pushing a plan to raid the city's surplus tax increment funding cash.
Governor Bruce Rauner punched a hole in the CPS budget with their veto of a bill allowing a one-time $215 million state cash infusion for the district's pensions.
Their administration's top education official Beth Purvis said that CPS should be urging state lawmakers to craft an equitable school funding system.
"With this distraction behind us, we can move forward on working with the General Assembly to fix our state's school funding formula," Purvis said in a statement.
CPS CEO Forrest Claypool said lawyers needed time to review the ruling before determining the next legal move.
The state sought to dismiss the lawsuit, while CPS asked for a temporary halt to the state-wide distribution of school-aid dollars, which the judge denied. (Reporting by Karen Pierog; Writing by Dave McKinney; Editing by Matthew Lewis and Diane Craft)
There are a few factors to be considered before undergoing the Lasik Surgery in Dubai. You need to make sure you are suitable to go ahead with this surgery.
The minimum age to consider the Lasik treatment is 18 years. You should be above 18 years to be eligible for this surgery. The eyes of people under 18 are still developing and changing and it would not be advisable to do this surgery for a pair of eyes that is not 18 years old.
If you are pregnant or nursing it would be healthy to postpone the surgery. You can wait until you have delivered the baby or stopped nursing to make an appointment for the surgery. If you think it is essential for you to still go ahead with the surgery you can talk to your surgeon and make sure if it is safe.
Your general health should be in a good condition. Lasik treatment is not usually recommended for people with diabetes, lupus, disorders of the cornea, retinal diseases and glaucoma. Once again, you can consult your surgeon to make sure you are healthy and if you have one of these conditions, you can ask them if you can undergo the surgery.
If you have experienced dry eyes in the past this might negatively affect the surgery. Dry eyes could be the results of wearing contact lenses, taking certain medication or any other reason. You will have to determine if your eyes are dry and what can be done to fix this. Once again, you will have to obtain the expertise of a surgeon.
If you are a person who enjoys wearing glasses or contacts you might have to forgo the surgery. After the surgery, you will have to give up on wearing glasses and contacts.
Your workplace requirements should be taken into consideration before the surgery. If for instance you are working in the construction industry and work in a dusty environment, you will have to consider how you will get through work after the surgery for a few days. You will need to consider if you can take a few days off work to recover from the surgery in a normal environment.
Take into account the factors mentioned above to avoid any complications and consequences that cannot be fixed or reversed.
On Tuesday, Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) administrator Scott Pruitt proposed a rule outling new standards that dictate which scientific studies can be used when writing agency regulations.
The new standards state that the EPA can only use studies based on publicly available data. However, many scientists claim that such guidelines would limit studies in peer-reviewed journals that rely on some data that isn't publicly available but still have valuable information regarding public health and the environment.
​Fred Magdoff, author and professor emeritus of plant and soil science at the University of Vermont, told Radio Sputnik's Loud & Clear that though transparency in science is beneficial, its real purpose in this situation is to give industry-funded studies priority.
"I agree, scientific information should be open and available to everybody. So, Pruitt is using certain ideas which don't seem to be a problem, but he's using them in very problematic ways," Magdoff told hosts John Kiriakou and Brian Becker.
"Let me give you an example: When they do health studies on people, people are given anonymity. Their names are not revealed in case, in the future, those people do not want that information released; so, privacy is a very important aspect of studies. And what the EPA is asking for is a complete opening up of all the data, which would prevent studies in which human subjects have anonymity from being used to make regulations," Magdoff told Radio Sputnik.
© AP Photo / Matthew Brown Watchdogs Urge EPA to Complete Coal Reuse Study
"Another example is when farmers are involved in studies and they don't want data collected from their farms to be used against them in a court of law, and so they request anonymity. Privacy is really important to get cooperation from people to participate in studies. Otherwise, people won't cooperate with you," Magdoff explained.
On Tuesday, the EPA chief told a group of supporters at the organization's headquarters that "Today is a red-letter day. It's a banner day. The science that we use is going to be transparent. It's going to reproducible," the Washington Post reported.
However, according to Magdoff, some experiments in science are not reproducible because they happen as an accident in nature. In these cases, researchers take advantage of the accident to evaluate what's happening in the environment.
In an interview Tuesday, former EPA administrator Gina McCarthy said that the new standards proposed by Pruitt would prevent the federal government from making regulations based on groundbreaking studies.
© AP Photo / Wilfredo Lee EPA Head Refusing to Talk on Climate Change After Two Hurricanes is ‘Absurd,' Says Expert
"The best studies follow individuals over time so that you can control all the factors except for the ones you're measuring. But it means following people's personal history, their medical history. And nobody would want to expose all of their private information," they told the Washington Post.
"While transparency is nice sounding, the real purpose here is to give industry more leeway. That is what Pruitt is trying to do, and releasing the data doesn't help the public understanding the data," Magdoff told Radio Sputnik.
On Monday, 985 scientists signed a letter created by the Union of Concerned Scientists calling on Pruitt not to enact the policy change.
"There are ways to improve transparency in the decision-making process, but restricting the use of science would improve neither transparency nor the quality of EPA decision-making," the scientists wrote in the letter.
"If fully implemented, this proposal would greatly weaken EPA's ability to comprehensively consider the scientific evidence across the full array of health studies… many public health studies cannot be replicated, as doing so would require intentionally and unethically exposing people and the environment to harmful contaminants or recreating one-time events," they added.
These legendary red boots are made for cheering, and that's just what Simone Biles will do!
The Olympic gymnast, 20, made their debut as the first-ever honorary Houston Texans cheerleader at NRG Stadium in Texas on Sunday when their hometown team played the San Francisco 49ers.
Biles slipped on the iconic red boots, that were custom-made for her, along with their very own uniform and pom poms. While thousands cheered for Biles from the stands, no one was more supportive of them than boyfriend and fellow gymnast Stacey Ervin Jr.
Stacey Ervin Jr./Instagram
RELATED: Simone Biles' New Boyfriend Stacey Ervin Is Already Letting Them Straighten Their Hair
“Welcoming the newest Houston Texans Cheerleader. Thank you for a dope experience at my first Texans game!” Ervin, 24, captioned a photo of the couple on the sidelines.
“I had such an amazing experience cheering at the Texans Game Definitely a memory to last forever!” Biles wrote for one of their series of behind-the-scenes photos shared on Instagram, also calling Ervin their “right hand” in another photo of the pair.
my right hand 💋 A post shared by Simone Biles (@simonebiles) on Dec 10, 2017 at 4:41pm PST
Biles met Ervin three years before they started dating, during the P&G Gymnastics Championships (then called the Visa Championships). But, in spring 2016, Nellie Biles (Simone's adopted mother and biological grandmother) hired Ervin to be a coach at their gym while Biles was away performing on season 24 of Dancing with the Stars. When the Olympic gold medalist returned home after finishing in fourth place, their friendship turned romantic as they spent more time together.
The pair officially announced their relationship on Instagram in August.
What if we told you… HTC Simone aka @SimoneBiles had a twin🏅🤔🏅 #DontStopGetItGetIt🎉 #DoubleTheFun✌🏽 #LegendaryRedBoots A post shared by Houston Texans Cheerleaders (@texanscheerleaders) on Dec 10, 2017 at 10:31am PST
HTC Simone aka @SimoneBiles sees their locker for the 1st time!🎉🎈 A post shared by Houston Texans Cheerleaders (@texanscheerleaders) on Dec 10, 2017 at 10:10am PST
In September, Biles told PEOPLE they and Ervin have talked about how their relationship will change when they start their full-time training again for the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo.
“He's an elite athlete and he's traveled and stuff, so they understand it,” Biles said. “We already know in each other's lives we don't come first, and that's okay with the both of us. So we do what we need to do, and then when we come together it's fine.”
April 28 Phillips 66:
* Sees Q2 refining crude utilization at mid-90 pct
* Sees Q2 global olefins & polyolefins utilization at mid-90 pct
* RINs were still a reduction to realized margin in quarter - conf call
* Phillips 66 says reduction to realized margin in quarter due to rins was lesser quarter over quarter - conf call
* Phillips 66 CEO says "we've felt like 2017 is going to look like 2016, particularly in front half of the year" - conf call
* Phillips 66 says see an opportunity for some margin improvement in the back half of 2017 - conf call
* Phillips 66 says through the first quarter and into early april, gas demand looks flattish to us at best - conf call
* Phillips 66 says seeing "good global demand" in the petrochemicals business - conf call
* Phillips 66 says in near term and certainly in 2017, see less refining capacity coming on globally than past few years - conf call
* Phillips 66 says can "certainly afford" $1 billion of sustaining capital, $1.3 billion dividend in 2017 - conf call
* Phillips 66 says sees $1 billion to $2 billion share repurchase program in 2017 - conf call Further company coverage:
In the heat of summer, the Honolulu Zoo announced special weekly performances for their annual "Wildest Show in Town Summer Concert Series."
The performances run from now until August 16. Every Wednesday, a new artist will be featured in a live performance from 6-7 p.m.
Here's the line-up:
• Wednesday, June 21 ~ Roy Sakuma's Super Keiki
• Wednesday, June 28 ~ Manoa DNA
• Wednesday, July 5 ~ Kamakakehau Fernandez
• Wednesday, July 13 ~ Melveen Leed
• Wednesday, July 19 ~ Willie K
• Wednesday, July 26 ~ Ohta San & Nando Suan
• Wednesday, August 2 ~ Jimmy Borges Jazz All Stars
• Wednesday, August 9 ~ Beat -Lele
• Wednesday, August 16 ~ Rolando Sanchez and Salsa Hawaii
For more information, click here.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
More than two hundred people have been killed and hundreds more are still missing after torrential rains on the outskirts of Sierra Leone's capital Freetown caused a mountainside to collapse onto a residential community.
A government morgue has received 205 bodies from the mudslide, and at least 71 injured people have been transferred to hospitals, Abu Bakarr Tarawallie, the head of communications for Sierra Leone's Red Cross Society, tells The Two-Way.
Some 600 people remain unaccounted for as rescuers continue digging through the mountain of mud to find survivors and recover bodies, Tarawallie said.
"It is likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble," Sierra Leone's Vice President Victor Foh told Reuters while visiting the scene of the mudslide. "This disaster is so serious that I feel myself broken. ... We're trying to cordon the area. Evacuate the people."
Tarawallie says recovery efforts face serious challenges. "We are not sure if we will be able to recover all of them considering the herculean task of reaching them out of the depths of the huge mud brought down by the slide," Tarawallie says. "We're not sure of the capacity that exists for them to be reached before they decompose."
Video posted by the Sierra Leone Broadcasting Corporation show strong, churning rivers of mud flowing down streets and through houses. "It appears many people were still sleeping when heavy rains triggered the mudslide which engulfed the area," NPR's Ofeibea Quist-Arcton reported.
The damage is extreme, says International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies Programme Coordinator Abdul Nasir: "In places, entire communities seem to have been washed away and whatever is left is covered in mud," they said.
Up to 3,000 people are believed to have lost their homes, Tarawallie says. "It is estimated that over 100 houses are affected, and about 25 houses were submerged in the mud."
Efforts to aid the people who have lost their homes have been "a little bit chaotic," they say. "No organized structure or shelter has been put in place for them." They say that the Red Cross is currently working on a response to help the people who have survived the mudslide.
Reuters spoke with Salimatu Bangura, who lives in the flooded area and lost their brother this morning. "We were asleep when we heard the noise of one of the walls falling down. By the time we got up water was flowing in and the whole house was flooded," they said.
Tarawallie stresses that Sierra Leone regularly experiences floods and mudslides due to heavy downpours. They add: "The only particularity of this is that it is unprecedented that for the first time we are having this magnitude of impact and huge loss of property and lives."
According to the wire service, deforestation and poor urban planning have exacerbated the dangers in Sierra Leone during the rainy season.
"There is little to no urban planning going on in the city at all levels of society," Jamie Hitchen of the Africa Research Institute told The Guardian. "The government is failing to provide housing for the poorest in society. There is a chronic housing deficit in the city and the issues only get discussed on an annual basis when flooding happens and [it] comes into the spotlight."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MILWAUKEE, Wis. -- A Democrat running for governor of Wisconsin, who breastfed their daughter during in a campaign ad, is brushing aside criticism and said the response has been "overwhelmingly positive," according to WITI.
While shooting an ad about their work to ban a toxic chemical in baby bottles, Kelda Roys' 4-month-old daughter started to cry and their husband handed the baby to them
Roys consoled their daughter, then breastfed them as the camera crew kept shooting. In an interview with WITI, they said it was an unscripted moment.
"When the clip came back and it had the nursing in it, I said, 'You know, let's keep it in there. Why not?' Roys said. "People are ready for candidates they can relate to."
While Roys said men and women have responded positively to the ad, their campaign released a fundraising email to supporters that showed more negative comments on Facebook.
"Stay home with your baby and stay out of politics," said one person.
"Sick (expletive) exploiting their baby," wrote another.
Roys, who served two terms in the state Assembly, said such attacks are common for women in public service.
"You know what's funny? As a woman who has been in public life - I was the head of NARAL Pro-Choice Wisconsin and I was in the Assembly - I'm used to that kind of really disgusting, sexist language," said Roys.
The ad went online a day after a Marquette University Law School Poll showed 92 percent of voters didn't know much about Roys, putting them at the top of that category among nine democratic hopefuls for governor.
Roys also got zero percent support when democrats were asked who they would vote for in the primary, the worst of the nine candidates polled.
Roys said she's not concerned that the large number of candidates is making it difficult for any of their messages to get through to voters.
"Some candidates are probably not going to make to the ballot, and that's fine. There are candidates out there campaigning, traveling the state, raising money, reaching out the voters and there are other campaigns who are not, and that will become clear," said Roys.
All of those candidates are seeking the opportunity to face two-term incumbent Republican Gov. Scott Walker in the November election. The primary is in August.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SEATTLE -- Former Mayor Mike McGinn said Monday he's running for the city's top job again because Seattle's booming economy risks making it "an enclave for the wealthy."
McGinn, who was mayor from 2010-2014, is challenging incumbent Ed Murray, who defeated them in 2013. Murray, who led the push to increase Seattle's minimum wage to $15 an hour and has emerged as a critic of President Donald Trump's policies, was not expected to face serious competition for re-election.
However earlier this month a man sued Murray, saying 30 years ago they sexually abused them when they were a teen. Murray has forcefully denied the allegations.
McGinn did not directly address the lawsuit at a news conference announcing their candidacy. They said they had been considering a run for some time and wanted to have a "conversation about the future" as rents and housing prices soar amid growth by tech companies like Amazon.
RELATED: Seattle mayor answers concerns from Q13 Facebook followers about high rents
"We can't let this city become a San Francisco," McGinn said. "It's harder and harder to be able to afford to live here."
McGinn said he'd push for a city income tax on the wealthy, knowing it would lead to a court challenge. In 1984, the state Legislature approved a law that prohibits a county, city or city-county from levying a tax on net income. McGinn also said he'd look for cuts in the city budget and criticized Murray and the City Council for pushing "deeply regressive" sales and property tax to address problems like homelessness.
McGinn, a former Sierra Club activist and attorney, was an often combative presence at City Hall who thrilled some but often annoyed Seattle's power structure.
Known for sometimes riding their bicycle to campaign and city events, McGinn pushed for more public transportation options and opposed a $3.1 billion project to replace an elevated state highway along Seattle's waterfront with a tunnel their predecessor and the Legislature approved. McGinn pushed a 2011 citywide referendum on the tunnel project. Voters ended up supporting the tunnel, dealing McGinn a significant political blow, though the tunnel boring machine later broke down, causing significant cost overruns. The tunnel is now scheduled to open in 2019, three years behind schedule.
McGinn also vetoed a measure passed by the City Council that would've allowed police to cite aggressive beggars. The city's downtown businesses supported the panhandler ordinance, saying people felt unsafe. McGinn said the idea unfairly scapegoated homeless people.
They were criticized in 2012 for fighting federal officials who sought greater oversight of the city's police force. Ultimately, Seattle agreed to an independent monitor of the city's police department following a report that found officers routinely used excessive force.
In a statement, Murray's campaign said they have successfully built coalitions to raise the minimum wage and pay for more affordable housing. The campaign said McGinn was "divisive and confrontational" as mayor.
"We believe that the people of Seattle do not want to return to those bad old days," the statement said.
At their news conference, McGinn said: "I've had time to reflect on my time in office. I've mellowed."
April 5 Ks Energy Ltd-
* Board of company believes that company and group will both continue as going concerns
* Expects overall operating cash flow to remain negative in next twelve months
* "Group plans to divest certain non-core assets"
* Is currently in negotiations with bondholders and a shareholder to restructure some of its debts by rolling over an aggregated outstanding sum of $74.9 million
* Group has also applied for and is currently awaiting finalisation of a bridging loan of $5 million from a financial institution Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
Ratings, ride assignments and other aspects of Uber's ride-sharing computer platform in some ways subtly serve as the manager for the company's drivers, according to an international team of researchers.
In a study of Uber drivers' discussions, the researchers said that the ride-sharing company's platform seems to perform similar roles to human managers. However, the drivers have little ability to voice grievances, pitch ideas to work better with customers, or influence policy changes as they might with a human manager, said Benjamin Hanrahan, assistant professor of information sciences and technology.
"There has been some work on algorithms as managers and how people interact with algorithmic management, but this looks more deeply at how the platform embodies the management philosophy and how you can judge the ethical nature of that management philosophy," said Hanrahan.
According to the researchers, Uber's platform primarily addresses the needs of people who are looking for a ride, which may mean that drivers' concerns do not have equal weight.
"All of Uber's different management decisions are embodied in the platform as the company's platform is actually doing the management," said Hanrahan. "When we looked at it, Uber's platform seems to focus on one user -- the person who wants a ride -- somewhat at the expense of the drivers."
Most Uber drivers indicated they joined the ride-share service because of the autonomy it offered. However, the platform reinforces the idea that the job is a blur between employee and independent contractor, said Hanrahan.
"Uber -- at least legally -- views drivers as independent from the company," said Hanrahan. "But if you look at the way the platform relates to the drivers, they are treated as employees, in some ways, and as contractors in others. The drivers, who identify as independent, tend to chafe when they perceive the platform is trying to manage them."
For example, if drivers are independent, they should have more say in who they choose as riders, but the platform does not allow drivers to make those choices, Hanrahan added.
The researchers, who present their findings at the CHI Conference today (April 24) in Montreal, studied posts on an active Uber internet forum, which is independent from the company. The site has 93,000 active members and 150,000 discussions. They focused mainly on the most relevant posts in the advice, complaints and technology sections from January 2014 to April 2017.
"What we were really looking at is what were these drivers dealing with -- what did they like about driving, what did they not like about driving, and what role did the platform have in this," said Hanrahan.
The researchers framed their study in stakeholder theory, a management ethics concept that suggests that a company's managers should make decisions based on the considerations of all parties, including workers, rather than just basing their initiatives exclusively on stockholders.
In the future, the researchers will study using interfaces to improve the relationship between the driver and rider, said Ning F. Ma, doctoral student in information sciences and technology, who worked with Hanrahan.
"We want to present the driver, not just as a driver, but as a person with the backstories of the area and present them as someone who is a local expert," said Ma. "The drivers could recommend places to riders through the interface, for example. We're thinking of installing a tablet in the dashboard of the vehicle as one possible interface for this."
Hanrahan said this is a step toward making the driver more integral in Uber's stakeholder structure.
"This is one of the grander directions we're taking," said Hanrahan. "How can you make the stakeholder structure simpler and make it more driver- and rider-run?"
###
Hanrahan and Ma also worked with Chien Wen Yuan, assistant professor, Fu Jen University and Moojan Ghafurian, postdoctoral fellow in computer science, University of Waterloo.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — President Donald Trump will not allow North Korea to threaten any US allies or its partners in the region, US Department of State Acting Assistant Secretary for East Asian and Pacific Affairs Susan Thornton said in a press briefing on Monday.
"The President [Trump] was also very clear that they will not accept the United States and its allies and partners in the region being under threat from this hostile regime and its missile and nuclear programs," Thornton stated.
The United States is not seeking a conflict or regime change in North Korea, but is trying to solve the issue via peaceful denuclearization, they said.
“The US has been clear that we want to resolve this issue through the peaceful denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula,” Thornton said. “We are definitely not seeking conflict or regime change, but we are committed to defending our people and our allies should that be necessary.”
Earlier on Monday, Vice President Mike Pence said during their visit to South Korea that US military strikes on enemy forces in Afghanistan and Syria show the shift in Washington's strategy to halt North Korea's nuclear and ballistic missile programs.
© AFP 2017/ Ed JONES 'North Korea Ready to React if US Opts for Military Actions'
On April 14, US media said that Trump might order a strike against North Korea in the event Pyongyang decided to carry out another nuclear weapon test. The reports came after Trump said that the North Korean nuclear issue would be "taken care of," while at the same time calling on China to pressure its neighbor into giving up its nuclear program.
In response, the general staff of the North Korean armed forces threatened to launch a strike against US military bases in Japan and South Korea, as well as the presidential residence in Seoul in case of US aggression.
On April 15, North Korea reportedly test-launched a missile but the experiment failed.
In March, US State Secretary Rex Tillerson said that Washington might consider broader sanctions against North Korea.
Since the beginning of 2016, North Korea has carried out a number of missile launches and nuclear tests, prompting worldwide criticism and high tensions on the Korean peninsula.
"There hasn't been any change and there hasn't certainly been anything about the decision making process that would indicate any change [of THAAD deployment in South Korea]," Thornton added. "So we're on track as far as that goes for THAAD Deployment."
Thornton noted that the United States is in constant contact with South Korea which is determined to move forward with the THAAD anti-missile system.
The goal of THAAD is to provide deterrence to the imminent security threat from North Korea, Thornton added.
On March 8, components for the THAAD system began to arrive in South Korea as Seoul wanted the system to be deployed rapidly in response to the threat from North Korea's ballistic missile tests.
China and Russia have repeatedly showed their objection to the deployment of THAAD, arguing that their real aim was to deter the strategic weapon systems not only in the Korean peninsula's North, but primarily in China's hinterlands and Russia's Far East regions.
The politician noted that Washington has repeatedly tried to hamper the construction of gas pipelines from Russia to Europe since the 1970s.
A dispute over the Nord Stream 2 project has been largely dictated by the interests of Washington, Klaus Ernst, the head of the Bundestag Committee on Economics and Energy said on Tuesday.
"Obviously, Nord Stream 2 would be a cheaper alternative compared to the existing Ukrainian transit via the Ukrainian pipeline system. The US' interests play a major role in the existing conflict because it would like to supply large amounts of its liquefied gas to Europe," Ernst said at the international conference "Perspectives of Russia-EU Energy Cooperation: The Gas Aspect."
According to him, the US stance "fundamentally contradicts European and German interests."
"We know that the extraction of this gas is bad for the ecology, we know that in many aspects there is a more environmentally friendly gas from Siberia," Ernst said.
In this regard, they pointed out that the European Commission's proposal to extend the EU's internal energy market rules to control the gas pipeline "corresponds more to American, rather than European interests."
READ MORE: EU Energy Chief: German Participation Needed to Maintain Gas Transit Via Ukraine
According to the deputy, since the 1970s the US has "repeatedly tried to prevent the construction of gas pipelines from Russia to Europe."
They also stressed that reasonable economic cooperation between Russia and Germany would be in the interests of both countries.
Nord Stream 2 is a joint venture of Russia's Gazprom with France's Engie, Austria's OMV AG, UK-Dutch Royal Dutch Shell, and Germany's Uniper and Wintershall. It aims to deliver 55 billion cubic meters of Russian natural gas annually to the European Union across the Baltic Sea to Germany.
The pipeline project has been welcomed by some countries in Europe and opposed by others, including Ukraine and Poland. The United States has also expressed its opposition to Nord Stream 2.
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
CELEBRATE DIVERSITY - Students at St. Joseph High School in Red Deer celebrated with staff for the school's very first Cultural Spring Fair on May 30th. Todd Colin Vaughan/Red Deer Express
The newest high school in Red Deer, St. Joseph High School, threw a one-of-a-kind spring festival in order to celebrate the diversity of their school community.
“Today we are super excited at St. Joseph High School to offer our very first Cultural Spring Fair,” Vice Principal Teresa Borchers said. “It is an opportunity for our students to showcase who they are — where they come from, their culture and their language.”
The festival, according to Borchers, has real value for the school coming together as a community and also is a great showcase to the Red Deer community as a whole.
“There are several booths and they feature opportunities to learn different languages, to listen to cultural music, take part in cultural dance and games,” they said. “As a new school community, we want to be able to celebrate everyone in our school community.
“We have many students born here in Canada, as well as outside of Canada. We wanted to be able to come together and give our students the opportunity to come together to showcase who they are.”
They added the event is an, “Authentic, meaningful way to showcase some of the things they (the students) have been working on in their classes.”
Borchers hopes this is just the beginning for this event.
“We hope that at the end of every May, we will be able to offer this to our school community and Red Deer,” they said. “We are super proud of our students for all of their time and effort in order to get to today.
“They get to showcase their many wonderful cultural gifts and talents.”
todd.vaughan@reddeerexpress.com
TORONTO (Reuters) - Ontario's financial regulator said on Friday it has revoked the license of mortgage brokerage Building Development and Mortgages Canada Inc (BDMC) and Vince Petrozza, a co-founder of a related firm, Fortress Real Developments, following an investigation into risky syndicated mortgage investments.
Regulator FSCO said BDMC, the lead broker for Fortress projects, and three mortgage brokers, FDS Broker Services Inc, FFM Capital Inc and FMP Mortgage Investments Inc, which marketed Fortress products as their primary or sole line of business, were fined a total of C$1.1 million. (Special Report: Canada regulator ignored warnings on risky mortgage investments - reut.rs/2BwjTXz)
BDMC confirmed that it had agreed a settlement with the Financial Services Commission of Ontario (FSCO) and would stop all mortgage brokerage activities. BDMC said it had raised C$920 million for real estate projects from over 14,000 investors.
The firm has agreed that existing syndicated mortgage investments in Fortress projects will be managed by a so-called arms length administrator, FAAN Mortgage Administrators, which will conduct business in BDMC's name.
Vince Petrozza, chief operating officer (COO) of Fortress Real Developments, arrives at the company offices in Richmond Hill, Ontario, Canada November 22, 2017. REGULATOR. REUTERS/Chris Helgren
In a special report published in November, Reuters revealed that the Canadian province's regulator had been investigating brokers raising funds for projects associated with Fortress since 2011 but had failed to take action despite repeated warnings that the marketing of the risky investments broke provincial laws.
Syndicated mortgage investments, which pool the funds of private lenders to raise funds for real estate development, have grown in popularity in Canada as investors looked for ways to generate better returns from their savings with bank savings accounts offering record low interest rates. However, their growth in popularity led to thousands of pensioners and mom-and-pop type investors putting their lives savings at risk.
An investor outcry about the products has focused public and government attention on FSCO's lax regulation of the market. In the past decade, more than 20,000 retail investors have put as much as C$1.5 billion (US$1.2 billion) into syndicated mortgages, mostly in Ontario, according to regulatory sources.
Roughly 90 percent of those investments, the sources said, have ended in a loss or are at risk of doing so, and Fortress projects make up more than half of the investments.
The regulator said on Friday it had revoked the broker licenses of Petrozza and three other people, requiring them to stop all mortgage brokering businesses immediately.
Ildina Galati-Ferrante, principal broker of BDMC, surrendered their broker license and was required to cease all mortgage brokering activities.
DAMASCUS (Sputnik) — The Syrian authorities categorically deny accusations by the Human Rights Watch (HRW) over alleged use of chemical weapons by the Syrian army during the liberation of the city of Aleppo, the Syrian Foreign Ministry said Wednesday.
"The Syrian government denies all false accusations contained in a HRW report which claims that the Syrian army and its allies have used toxic substances during the liberation of Aleppo," the ministry said in a statement.
HRW said in a report presented at the United Nations on Monday that, based on data from in-person interviews with witnesses as well as video footages and photographs, it concluded that government helicopters dropped chlorine in the residential areas of Aleppo at least eight times in the period between November 17 and December 13, 2016.
So far, there have been a number of reports on use of chemical weapons in Syria, putting responsibility for attacks both on Syrian authorities and Islamic State (IS, banned in Russia) terrorist group.
© AFP 2016/ JM LOPEZ Russian MoD Slams HRW's 'Amateurish' Allegations Syrian Army Used Chemical Weapons
In October 2016, the UN Joint Investigative Mechanism (JIM) on the chemical weapons use in Syria said that the Syrian authorities used chemical weapons at least three times throughout 2014-2015, while an earlier report said the IS was also responsible for several attacks.
Despite lack of conclusive evidence, a number of countries, in particular the United Kingdom, France, and the United States, blamed the Syrian government for the chemical attacks. Syrian President Bashar Assad though denied all accusations, claiming the reports failed to provide conclusive evidence of its culpability and putting blame on the terrorist groups. The Russian authorities have repeatedly called on necessity to double-check such kind of reports, stressing that conclusions cannot be simply made on interviews of several local residents.
In late October-early November 2016, a number of chemical attacks were conducted in Syria's city of Aleppo by militants, killing dozens of Syrian servicemen and civilians. The Syrian government urged the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) to conduct the investigation, while the Russian Defense Ministry handed the results of the chemical use probe to Syria's national regulator in charge of implementing the OPCW convention.
© Sputnik/ Iliya Pitalev Why Amnesty's Report Cannot Be Taken at Face Value
Earlier on February, Russia's Foreign Ministry said it expected more effective work from the OPCW , adding that the organization's act-finding mission in Syria had conducted its activity over the past years remotely by interviewing witnesses, which raised questions over information's credibility.
Syria's civil war between government forces and a wide range of insurgents, including opposition groups and terrorists, such as al-Nusra Front and Daesh, both outlawed in Russia, has raged for some five years and has claimed hundreds of thousands of lives. Aleppo, fought over since 2012, was liberated and fully retaken by the government in late December.
LOS ANGELES, CA – JULY 03: Clayton Kershaw #22 of the Los Angeles Dodgers pitches during the first inning of a game against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Dodger Stadium on July 3, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Sean M. Haffey/Getty Images)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Joc Pederson, second from left, hits a solo home run as Pittsburgh Pirates starting pitcher Ivan Nova, left, and catcher Elias Diaz, right, watch along with home plate umpire Manny Gonzalez during the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
LOS ANGELES, CA – JULY 03: Ivan Nova #46 of the Pittsburgh Pirates looks on as Joc Pederson #31 of the Los Angeles Dodgers rounds second base after hitting a solo homerun during the first inning of a game at Dodger Stadium on July 3, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Sean M. Haffey/Getty Images)
LOS ANGELES, CA – JULY 03: Joc Pederson #31 of the Los Angeles Dodgers is congratulated by third base coach Chris Woodward #45 after their solo home run during the first inning of a game against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Dodger Stadium on July 3, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Sean M. Haffey/Getty Images)
LOS ANGELES, CA – JULY 03: Joc Pederson #31 of the Los Angeles Dodgers reacts to hitting a solo home run during the first inning of a game against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Dodger Stadium on July 3, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Sean M. Haffey/Getty Images)
Pittsburgh Pirates starting pitcher Ivan Nova throws to the plate during the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Max Muncy hits a solo home run during the first inning of a baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
The Dodgers' Max Muncy hits the first of their two home runs off Pittsburgh Pirates starting pitcher Ivan Nova, left, during the first inning of Tuesday's game at Dodger Stadium. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle yells at the home plate umpire during the first inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Dodgers Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
LOS ANGELES, CA – JULY 03: Clayton Kershaw #22 of the Los Angeles Dodgers pitches during the first inning of a game against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Dodger Stadium on July 3, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Sean M. Haffey/Getty Images)
LOS ANGELES, CA – JULY 03: Enrique Hernandez #14 of the Los Angeles Dodgers catches a line drive off the bat of Josh Harrison of the Pittsburgh Pirates during the first inning of a game at Dodger Stadium on July 3, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Sean M. Haffey/Getty Images)
The Dodgers' Max Muncy, right, heads to first on a solo home run off Pittsburgh Pirates starting pitcher Ivan Nova, front, during the third inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Max Muncy gestures before scoring on their solo home run during the third inning of a baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
The Dodgers' Cody Bellinger congratulates Max Muncy after their solo home run during the first inning of a game against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Dodger Stadium on July 3, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Sean M. Haffey/Getty Images)
LOS ANGELES, CA – JULY 03: Yasmani Grandal #9 of the Los Angeles Dodgers rounds second base after hitting a triple during the fourth inning of a game against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Dodger Stadium on July 3, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Sean M. Haffey/Getty Images)
LOS ANGELES, CA – JULY 03: Ivan Nova #46 of the Pittsburgh Pirates talks with catcher Elias Diaz #32 on the mound during the fourth inning of a game against the Los Angeles Dodgers at Dodger Stadium on July 3, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Sean M. Haffey/Getty Images)
LOS ANGELES, CA – JULY 03: Yasmani Grandal #9 of the Los Angeles Dodgers is congratulated in the dugout after hitting a solo home run during the sixth inning of a game against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Dodger Stadium on July 3, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Sean M. Haffey/Getty Images)
Pittsburgh Pirates right fielder Gregory Polanco can't get to a ball hit for a triple by Los Angeles Dodgers' Chris Taylor during the second inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Chris Taylor, right, dives into home before being tagged out by Pittsburgh Pirates catcher Elias Diaz, left, while trying to score on a bunt by Clayton Kershaw during the second inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Chris Taylor, right, dives into home before being tagged out by Pittsburgh Pirates catcher Elias Diaz, left, while trying to score on a bunt by Clayton Kershaw during the second inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Chris Taylor, right, is tagged out by Pittsburgh Pirates catcher Elias Diaz, left, while trying to score on a bunt by Clayton Kershaw as home plate umpire Manny Gonzalez watches during the second inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Chris Taylor, left, heads to first on a two-run home run off Pittsburgh Pirates starting pitcher Ivan Nova, front, during the fourth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
LOS ANGELES, CA – JULY 03: Chris Taylor #3 of the Los Angeles Dodgers is congratulated in the dugout after hitting a two run home run during the fourth inning of a game against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Dodger Stadium on July 3, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Sean M. Haffey/Getty Images)
Pittsburgh Pirates' David Freese, right, hits a solo home run as Los Angeles Dodgers catcher Yasmani Grandal, left, watches along with home plate umpire Manny Gonzalez during the seventh inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Enrique Hernandez, right, hits a two-run home run in front of Pittsburgh Pirates catcher Elias Diaz, let, and home plate umpire Manny Gonzalez during the sixth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Pittsburgh Pirates center fielder Austin Meadows watches a ball hit by Los Angeles Dodgers' Enrique Hernandez go out for a two-run home run during the sixth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Enrique Hernandez, right, is congratulated by Chris Taylor after hitting a two-run home run, while Pittsburgh Pirates catcher Elias Diaz stands at the plate during the sixth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
LOS ANGELES, CA – JULY 03: Joc Pederson #31 congratulates Enrique Hernandez #14 of the Los Angeles Dodgers after their two-run homerun during the sixth inning of a game against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Dodger Stadium on July 3, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Sean M. Haffey/Getty Images)
LOS ANGELES, CA – JULY 03: Erik Goeddel #62 of the Los Angeles Dodgers pitches during the ninth inning of a game against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Dodger Stadium on July 3, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Sean M. Haffey/Getty Images)
LOS ANGELES, CA – JULY 03: Enrique Hernandez #14, Yasiel Puig #66 and Matt Kemp #27 of the Los Angeles Dodgers celebrate defeating the Pittsburgh Pirates 8-3 in a game at Dodger Stadium on July 3, 2018 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Sean M. Haffey/Getty Images)
LOS ANGELES — In the old play-turned-movie “Damn Yankees,” baseball fan Joe Hardy makes a deal with the devil and emerges out of nowhere to tear up the American League and lead their favorite team past the hated Yankees.
That seems plausible compared to the script Max Muncy is writing this year.
“We knew Max was a good hitter, but I don't think anyone expected this,” Dodgers left-hander Clayton Kershaw said after Muncy hit two of the Dodgers' six home runs in an 8-3 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night.
“He's the best hitter in baseball right now. I don't think anyone can argue with that.”
Fans in Boston and Anaheim would rise to that challenge. But Muncy is undoubtedly the most unexpected entrant in that discussion.
Discarded as a minor-league free agent last April after rattling around the Oakland A's farm system for parts of six seasons, Muncy was a non-roster invitee to the Dodgers' big-league camp this spring but got only 14 at-bats in Cactus League games before being sent to Triple-A Oklahoma City to start the season.
Sign up for our Inside the Dodgers newsletter . Be the best Dodger fan you can be by getting daily intel on your favorite team. Subscribe here
Now they are the first Dodger to 20 home runs (despite spending the first three weeks of the season in Triple-A). Only two players in the National League have more home runs than Muncy – Colorado's Nolan Arenado and Washington's Bryce Harper. Only two players in the majors have a higher OPS than Muncy's 1.069 (minimum 150 plate appearances) – Boston's Mookie Betts and the Angels' Mike Trout. Only Betts has a higher slugging percentage than Muncy's .649 (again, 150 plate appearances minimum).
“He's hitting good pitching, left-handed pitching, taking walks when they need to,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. “That's the thing – it's not one of those things where the league can figure them out because he's covering a lot of pitches and he's not afraid to walk.
“Like I said the other night, it's not surprising anymore. They understand their swing. He's a baseball player. He's putting up All-Star numbers. That's just the way it is. That's just the truth.”
It is all very shocking – even to Muncy.
“Absolutely,” they said. “I never thought I could hit this many home runs in such a short time. I'm just showing up every day and trying to do something to help the team.
“I keep saying it's just changes in my swing that put me in a better position to take advantage of the power I do have. … Honestly, it's just a combination of small things that have all come together.”
That is a coy way of saying “launch angle” and the new hot phrase in evaluator-speak – “impacting the baseball.”
The Dodgers have done that with resounding success in the past two games against the Pirates, scoring 25 runs on 32 hits. The home runs have come at a June-like pace, 10 in the two games. They had nine extra-base hits in consecutive games for the first time since May 17-18, 1929.
None of Tuesday's offense came from Matt Kemp. They went hitless in four at-bats, striking out three times, to end their streak of consecutive hits at eight plate appearances.
Joc Pederson and Muncy hit back-to-back home runs Monday night and did it again Tuesday – in the first five pitches of the game from Pirates starter Ivan Nova.
Muncy took Nova deep again leading off the third inning. Yasmani Grandal just missed repeating that an inning later, settling for a triple off the top of the center-field wall instead. So Chris Taylor followed with a two-run home run.
Grandal cleared the fence leading off the sixth inning, the fifth home run off Nova. No pitcher in the Pirates' 137-year history had ever given up five home runs in a game before.
Related Articles Dodgers pitcher Walker Buehler returns to DL before rehab start for Quakes
Matt Kemp's five-hit game fuels Dodgers' 17-1 pounding of the Pirates
Talk of Matt Kemp's contract being moved again has died, and Dodgers outfielder is fine with that
Dodgers will turn to Max Muncy at second base more often in search for offense
Matt Kemp drives in four runs as Dodgers avoid sweep with win over the Rockies Kike' Hernandez completed the night's power display with a two-run home run later in the sixth inning and Taylor finished a simple single shy of the cycle, going 3 for 4 with a double, a triple and a home run.
The bombs-away offense provided cover for Kershaw to continue working their way back from the lower back strain that landed them on the DL at the start of June.
“Games like this, you just try to get guys back in the dugout as fast as possible, the way they're swinging the bats,” Kershaw said.
In their third start back, Kershaw went six innings – their longest outing since May 1, before back-to-back trips to the DL with biceps tendinitis and a lower back strain.
Kershaw is not sharp yet. But they only allowed single runs in the second and fourth – doubles by Elias Diaz followed by an RBI single by David Freese each time. The rest of the Pirates went hitless against Kershaw, who struck out only two (Nova both times).
“I made some mistakes,” they said. “There are probably some things to work on if I'm getting to two strikes and they're putting the ball in play like that.”
NL HR leaders:
Nolan Arenado – 22 (80 games)
Bryce Harper – 21 (84 games)@maxmuncy9 – 20 (63 games) Whoa. pic.twitter.com/mUcEa3fZ3T — MLB (@MLB) July 4, 2018
A 🚀 for Joc! This 437-foot blast from @yungjoc650 had an exit velocity of 113.9 mph — the highest on any @Dodgers HR in #Statcast history. pic.twitter.com/0qalyhWBYI — #Statcast (@statcast) July 4, 2018
Find you a hype man like Turner Ward. #Dodgers😈 pic.twitter.com/MTVgh2DQ5R — SportsNet LA (@SportsNetLA) July 4, 2018
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — US-led coalition forces carried out 23 strikes consisting of 75 engagements against the Daesh terrorist group in Syria and Iraq on Monday, including two strikes near the city of Palmyra, Operation Inherent Resolve Joint Task Force said in a press release.
"Near Palmyra, two strikes destroyed two ISIS [Daesh] tunnels and an ISIS shed," the release stated on Tuesday.
The release noted 14 other strikes in Syria hit targets near five cities, including Raqqa and Tabqa. The strikes destroyed Daesh fighting positions, a command and control node, while also engaging multiple Daesh tactical units.
© Photo: Ministry of defence of the Russian Federation Dogs and Kites: How Russian Sappers Demine Daesh Booby Traps in Syria's Palmyra (VIDEO, PHOTOS)
In Iraq, seven strikes near Mosul and Tal Afar destroyed Daesh fighting positions, supply routes, mortar system and a staging area, among other targets.
The US-led coalition of 68 nations is conducting airstrikes, ground-based and rocket-propelled artillery fire against Daesh in Syria and Iraq.
The strikes in Iraq are conducted in support of the Iraqi government, but those in Syria are not authorized by the UN Security Council or the government of President Bashar Assad.
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
Edmond Firefighters were able to stop a car fire from spreading to other cars at the Edmond Hyundai dealership.
Edmond Firefighters were able to stop a car fire from spreading to other cars at the Edmond Hyundai dealership.
The call came in around midnight, to the business on Broadway near Kelly.
A viewer told News 9 they could see the flames and smoke from the highway. Crews said a used car caught fire.
There's no word yet on what sparked the flames.
New UAlberta research shows elk get wise to the benefits of being gun shy
EDMONTON --Female elk adapt their behaviour to avoid hunters as they get older, new UAlberta research reveals.
"Elk learns to become shy as they get older," said UAlberta conservation biologist Mark Boyce. "The magic number is 10. After this age threshold, female elk become almost bulletproof, virtually invulnerable to hunting.
The study, conducted by Boyce and two former postdoctoral fellows, Henrik Thurfjell and Simone Ciuti, examined elk in an area of 46,000 km2 in Southwestern Alberta and Southeastern British Columbia from 2007 to 2012. Using radio collars, the team studied the movements and behaviour of elk across seven hunting seasons.
Results show that female elk adjust their behaviour as they age, showing that social learning, not just natural selection or selection by hunting, plays a large part in how older female elk avoid hunters.
As each season passes, elk that survive hunting seasons get even better at avoiding hunters in subsequent seasons. This includes moving less overall, covering less ground, and staying in safer areas such as dense forests and steep, rocky terrain where hunters are unlikely to be.
These findings also have implications for wildlife management and conservation strategies.
"Learning plays a large part in the adaptation of elk to hunting, and those elk that survive hunting seasons get even better at avoiding hunters in subsequent seasons," explained Boyce.
The response is not genetic, so even though hunters are altering the age and sex composition of the population, it is unlikely that hunting is having substantial long-term consequences on these elk.
"This means that our wildlife management and conservation strategies are working," said Boyce.
###
Following their post-doctoral fellowships at the University of Alberta, Henrik Thurfjell now works at the Swedish University of Agricultural Science (SLU Uppsala) and Simone Ciuti is now a lecturer at the University of Freiburg.
The paper, "Learning from the mistakes of others: How female elk adjust behaviour with age to avoid hunters," will be published in PLOS One on June 14, 2017.
The University of Alberta Faculty of Science is a research and teaching powerhouse dedicated to shape the future by pushing the boundaries of knowledge in the classroom, laboratory, and field. Through exceptional teaching, learning, and research experiences, we competitively position our students, staff, and faculty for current and future success.
The co-op bank on Monday opened a virtual data room that will be used by potential investors to securely exchange data and analyses, as the lender seeks to reduce the state's share.
The procedure launched by the bank has two parts, one offering the choice of acquiring the bank as a licensed entity, or part or all of its assets and liabilities
Other Cypriot commercial banks can take part in the second option.
The process will close on March 29 at 12pm. It will be handled by Citygroup global markets.
After that, potential investors will be given time to submit binding offers.
An unnamed co-op official cited by the Cyprus News Agency said the aim was to find an investor by this summer.
The same source said the process kicked off after the meetings the bank and Citygroup had with potential investors last December.
“All the components for a transaction are in place,” the source said. “We have an external loan management servicer (Altamira), which acts as an additional incentive for acquiring loans, and we have a single entity after the merger of different co-ops.”
The co-op bank was recapitalised with almost €1.7bn in taxpayers' money in 2014 and 2015, but it is struggling with some €6bn of non-performing loans, accounting for more than half of its loan portfolio.
Its portfolio is full of primary residencies, which the current foreclosures and insolvency laws make it very difficult to move against thus exacerbating the problem.
In 2017, co-ops extended the collateral recovery period to seven years, a move that cost €150m in provisions.
DUBAI, March 29 Stock markets in the Gulf may move sideways in low turnover on Wednesday as crude oil prices and international stock markets offer little impetus to break the region's indexes out of their narrow ranges.
Brent crude futures are at $51.48 a barrel; they have recovered 3.6 percent from last week's low but are still trading under this year's average of just below $55 a barrel. "It seems oil prices have found a floor of around $50, but we don't expect there to be much upside either, at least for now, and so liquidity in Gulf equity markets will continue to remain at depressed levels," said a Dubai-based portfolio manager.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan has edged up 0.2 percent.
In Dubai the index, last at 3,447 points, is trading below the 21- and 50-day moving averages, which some analysts consider technically bearish. Analysts at NBAD Securities said that for the near-term trend to turn bullish, there has to be "a clear close over the 3,530 barrier", while a break below support at 3,200 points "will confirm a bearish pattern".
In Abu Dhabi, food producer Agthia Group may attract interest after the company said it had completed the acquisition of a bottled water factory company in Saudi Arabia.
Aldar Properties , however, may see pressure as the largest listed real estate developer goes ex-dividend on Wednesday. Al Ain Insurance also goes ex dividend.
In Kuwait, five small and mid-sized companies, including Al Mazaya Holding, go ex-dividend on Wednesday. (Reporting by Celine Aswad; Editing by Andrew Torchia)
[India], July 04 (ANI): Chief Justice of India (CJI) Dipak Misra, who was reading out the judgment in the Delhi government - Lieutenant Governor power tussle case on Wednesday said that the L-G's role cannot be obstructionist.
CJI Misra said that the L-G must work harmoniously with the state and the council of ministers has to be constantly aligned.
"L-G cannot act independently unless where the Constitution allows. L-G cannot be an obstructionist, they must take advice from the Council of Ministers. The Council has to inform the L-G of its decisions. The L-G must work harmoniously with the state, the L-G and council of ministers has to be constantly aligned. There is no space for anarchy," the CJI said.
The CJI further said that the relationship between the Centre and the State Government should be healthy. They added, "Obeying the constitution is everybody's duty and responsibility. The relationship between the Centre and the State Government should be healthy." Meanwhile, another judge said, "Lt Governor cannot refer all matters to the President." It also added, "Delhi cannot have full statehood in view of an earlier nine-judge judgment." On December 6 last year, the top court had reserved its judgment on the plea of the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) government challenging the Delhi High Court's August 4, 2016 ruling, which stated that Delhi is a Union Territory and the Lieutenant Governor is its administrative head. The judgment further said that the L-G is not bound by the aid and advice of the council of ministers. In November last year, a five-judge Constitution Bench of the Supreme Court observed that the AAP government in Delhi needs the Lieutenant Governor's nod to govern the national capital, but the L-G cannot sit on files beyond a reasonable period. The bench, comprising Chief Justice Dipak Misra and justices A K Sikri, A M Khanwilkar, D Y Chandrachud and Ashok Bhushan had reserved the verdict in the case after a 15-day long hearing. However, the Centre told the apex court that the AAP cannot claim privileges of a state government, as Delhi is a Union Territory. The Centre also refuted allegations of the Arvind Kejriwal-led government that the Lieutenant Governor sat on files sent by the government for their execution. The power tussle between the Delhi government and the Lieutenant Governor has been on since the formation of the AAP government in the state. Recently, Kejriwal, along with Delhi's Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia and others, sat on a nine-day sit-in strike against Delhi Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal at the latter's office-cum-residence. Kejriwal and other ministers urged Baijal to direct the Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officers working under the Delhi administration to end their "undeclared strike." (ANI)
THEY have named a race after Corey Brown and there is talk they will name a street after him, too.
These are thoroughly deserved accolades for Brown, renowned as one of the nation's best jockeys. But it wasn't always like this.
They still remember their first morning riding trackwork when as a 14-year-old apprentice they were left embarrassed and contemplating their career choice.
Their father, Jack, a former jockey, was still riding at the time and came onto the Taree track accompanying their son.
“My Dad said take a hold, we are just going out to canter,'' Brown recalled.
“I didn't know what that meant. Then my horse took off on me and bolted a lap of the track before they stopped.
“Everyone was laughing at me, I didn't have a clue what I was supposed to do.''
Fast forward a few months and Brown was ready for their first race ride. It wasn't one for the scrapbook, either.
Brown was so excited to be given the opportunity, but they didn't even pass the finishing post.
“My horse broke down, didn't finish the race,'' Brown recalled.
Fortunately, neither of these forgettable introductions to riding came to define their riding career.
Camera Icon Jockey Corey Brown has won two Melbourne Cups, including last year on Rekindling. Picture: AAP
A naturally gifted jockey, Brown has ridden nearly 3000 winners, with 46 at Group 1 level — including two Melbourne Cups — earning international acclaim.
Brown was born to be a jockey. Their father was a jockey and their grandfather rode at the picnics. They realised at a very young age race riding was their destiny.
“When I first started riding, it was more of an outlet from school,'' Brown said. “But I really enjoyed being around the horses and I was never going to do anything else.''
Brown became apprenticed to Eric Anderson at Taree, then had their indentures transferred to Bob Law at Gosford before eventually joining Neil Campton at Rosehill.
“I was in a mad rush to get to Sydney,'' Brown said. “As a kid, I used to idolise ‘Miracle Mal' (Johnston). Everyone knew them through the Tooheys (television) ads and Kingston Town, then one day they came to Taree and I got the opportunity to meet him. Mal helped to get me to Sydney.''
Within two years of arriving in Sydney, Brown became champion apprentice in 1993-94. They rode their first Group 1 winner with Camino Rose in the 1998 Coolmore Classic and won the Sydney jockeys' premiership in 2000-01. Success has followed them ever since.
Among Brown's big-race wins are two Melbourne Cups on Shocking (2009) and Rekindling (2017), two Sydney Cups (Prudent 2002, Polarisation 2017), AJC Australian Derby (Eremein 2005), Victoria Derby (Monaco Consul 2009), Stradbroke Handicap (Impending 2017), Newmarket Handicap (Exceed And Excel 2003), Australian Cup (Shocking 2010) and T.J. Smith Stakes (Apache Cat 2008).
Camera Icon Jockey Corey Brown rides Rising Red to victory in the Premier's Cup at Doomben last weekend. Picture: AAP
Brown's had an extremely successful season, highlighted by Rekindling's Melbourne Cup win, but they have also ridden four horses they believe should be followed in the spring — In Them Time, Champagne Cuddles, Lean Mean Machine and Pierata.
“In Them Time and Champagne Cuddles are good enough to be competitive in The Everest and Lean Mean Machine is a very exciting horse,'' they said.
“But Pierata, they are a star. I can't wait to get back on them next season, they are the real deal.''
Brown is a familiar figure on racing's biggest stage these days but they have never forgotten their roots and always tries to return home for the Taree Cup and Wingham Cup meetings each year.
Nearly 30 years after that forgettable first morning at trackwork, the champion jockey goes back to where it all began to ride at the showcase meeting at Taree on Friday.
However, transport issues mean they have to leave before the $35,000 Wingham Cup (1600m) is run at 3.40pm.
“I've won the Taree Cup but I haven't won the Wingham Cup,'' Brown said.
“Unfortunately, I need to catch a plane in the afternoon so I couldn't stay for the Wingham Cup, but I will be back to try and win it next year.''
Born in Wingham, Brown learned to ride at Taree.
“We lived at the top of the straight just across from the 2000m chute at Taree racecourse, so racing was always in my life,'' Brown said. “When we were kids, we would spend a lot of time at my grandparents' place and I remember my grandmother crouching low to hear the scratchings on the radio each morning.
“As soon as the scratchings came on, we had to be quiet. My grandmother loved their racing and I'm thankful they were still alive to see my first Melbourne Cup win.''
Like most of us, Brown was ambitious as a teenager but they were also realistic. They were hopeful of just being able to compete at the top level in Sydney racing.
Camera Icon Corey Brown after winning the 3YO Magic Millions Guineas aboard Pierata on Magic Millions race day on the Gold Coast this year. Picture: News Corp Australia, Adam Head
“I could never have envisaged the career I have had,'' Brown said. “When I was a kid it was exciting to watch the Melbourne Cup, let alone get a ride in it. I still pinch myself that I have won the race twice.''
Brown took their Melbourne Cup trophies back to a Manning Valley Race Club meeting at Taree late last year as part of a race-day promotion.
They learned that day of council plans to name a street in their honour at Wingham, while the race club revealed the $30,000 Corey Brown Cup (1300m) will become an annual event at the Wingham Cup meeting.
Brown has four rides at Taree, including the David Pfieffer-trained Explosive Missile in the inaugural Corey Brown Cup.
Explosive Missile broke their maiden last start with a determined win at Newcastle over 1300m and they make plenty of appeal, particularly after drawing well in barrier five.
Brown's other rides on Friday are first-starter Shuswaggi in the Maiden Plate (1000m), Ibini in the Class 1 Handicap (1250m) and Miss Zodiac in the Class 1 and Maiden Plate (1600m).
Shuswaggi, trained by Kris Lees, won a barrier trial nicely at Newcastle last week, Ibini was a brilliant last-start winner of a Coffs Harbour maiden and Miss Zodiac is trying to use their home-track advantage to regain winning touch.
After Brown rides at Taree, they have to travel to the Sunshine Coast, where they have a full book of rides on Saturday — including One Foot In Heaven in the P.J. O'Shea Stakes (2200m), Nieta in the Lightning Handicap (1000m) and Aide Memoire in the Moreton Cup (1200m).
Brown has quickly re-established themselves in Sydney racing after returning 18 months ago from a five-year Singapore fling.
“Sydney is home these days, my family is happy here,'' Brown said.
Camera Icon Jockey Corey Brown always makes an effort to return ‘home' for the Taree Cup and Wingham Cup meetings. Picture: AAP
“I do have a bit of unfinished business in Hong Kong and I would like to go back there one day, but at the moment I've got no plans to leave.''
Brown has always regarded Sydney racing as the toughest and most challenging for jockeys.
“I remember when I first started riding in Sydney more than 25 years ago I was in awe of the jockeys in the room like Mal, Darren (Beadman), the two Cassidys (Jim and Larry), Kevvy (Moses), Mick (Dittman) and Shane (Dye),'' Brown said.
“The amount of Group 1 winners in that jockeys' room was incredible.
“But the game has gone to another level these days with the competitiveness and professionalism of the younger jockeys like (Brenton) Avdulla, (Tye) Angland and (James) McDonald.
“They are riding at all the provincial meetings and even some country meetings — they are so hungry for winners.
“When I first started, the likes of Shane Dye would only ride on Wednesdays and Saturdays but the young blokes ride everywhere. Their attitude drives me to work harder, too.''
Brown finds themselves on the road on Friday, back home to Taree trying to win the race named in their honour.
It is understood they are part of the post-race presentation, which will be interesting if Explosive Missile wins the race.
“I can't present the trophy to myself,'' Brown laughed. “But I'm hoping I do find myself in that position.
“It is an honour to have this race named after me. I can't wait to ride in it and Explosive Missile should be very hard to beat.''
GRANDE PLANS FOR BIG MOVE
GRANDE Rosso, the former Victorian sprinter, could be on the move again if they win the Octagonal Handicap (1400m) at Rosehill Gardens.
Trainer Peter Snowden revealed Grande Rosso was in line to join the stable's powerful Brisbane carnival team after impressing with their competitive effort when seventh ­behind boom sprinter Osborne Bulls in the Luskin Star Stakes at Scone.
“I thought they ran particularly well in a strong race at Scone,'' Snowden said. “He had no cover and joined the lead a long way out but still tried hard right to the line.
“It was their first start for five months and their first start for the stable. They did a good job.
“He's trained on nicely and the good draw (barrier one) helps. They have a bit of weight (60kg) but if they run well we could look to find some suitable races for them in Brisbane.''
Snowden conceded Smartedge's 59.5kg impost was also of concern when the three-year-old contests the #TheRaces Handicap (1200m).
Smartedge is coming back in distance from 1400m when fourth to Lisdoonvarna at Rosehill two weeks ago, with Snowden convinced the gelding is better suited over the shorter course.
“He only has a short, sharp sprint and we are going to try and ride them to their strengths,'' Snowden said.
“His work has been great this week and I expect them to run well, but they do have a lot of weight.''
Snowden, who trains in partnership with is son, Paul, is optimistic that juvenile filly Galina can break their maiden in the Spring Carnival On Sale Handicap (1200m).
Galina was fifth on debut in Satin Slipper's Gimcrack Stakes last spring.
Speech to Text for Clay County Food Program needs help
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
keep serving meals. the program says terre haute catholic charities can no longer help feed kids this summer -- and it's yet to offer anything for the upcoming school year. the program serves close to 800 kids weekly. if you'd like to help-- you can donate your time to pack and deliver meals-- as well as donate money and food. to see where you can help -- call the clay county y-m-c-a at 812-442-6761. the new leader of the terre haute boys and girls club is
The city of Vancouver attracts investors, as it allows businesses to flourish. Investors wanting to buy a commercial property in the city so they can do business can turn to Vancouver Business Brokers.
[VANCOUVER, 30/05/2018] — Over the years, the city of Vancouver has provided business people with an environment that's conducive to business. According to the City of Vancouver website, one of the great reasons for doing business in Vancouver is that the city supports major industries to maintain a thriving economy. Additionally, it prioritizes support for independent businesses.
Why Invest in a Commercial Property in Vancouver
With Vancouver being an excellent place to conduct business, the commercial real estate properties of the city become appealing to investors. According to Vancouver Business Brokers, these reasons make investing in commercial property in the city a good idea:
• Future Growth – Vancouver is looking to grow over time. It means businesses will expand, more individuals will work in the city, and more housing will become necessary. This is a good time to invest in commercial property.
• Good Infrastructure – Vancouver has one of the best infrastructure systems in the world. The city, therefore, has the infrastructure necessary to support businesses.
• Low Taxes – Certain businesses, such as tech companies and startups, can get rebates from the government, which makes investing an attractive proposition. Additionally, British Columbia has gone through many tax cuts, which led to some low taxes. These benefits make investing in a commercial property worth it.
Helping Individuals Purchase a Commercial Property in the City
Investors who need assistance getting a commercial property in Vancouver can get in touch with Vancouver Business Brokers. The company's real estate professionals are ready to help clients in every stage of the buying process. Moreover, they match client buyers up with the right seller and make sure that the whole buying process goes as smoothly as possible.
About Vancouver Business Brokers
Vancouver Business Brokers offers various real estate services to entrepreneurs and investors. The company specializes in commercial real estate in and around Vancouver. Its team has gone through training on the various aspects of real estate. Additionally, its brokers are knowledgeable about the laws and regulations concerning the buying and selling of properties.
Log on to https://www.vancouverbusinessbrokers.ca for more information.
The Naptown BarBAYq is back for the 7th straight year, under the new management of ABC Events. Hold on to your apron because this year will blow the lid off your grill!
Here's a sneak peak under the lid…
FOR-THE-SERIOUS foodie KCBS-sanctioned barbecue competition
People's Choice Barbecue is back – bigger and better!
Specialty Barbecue food vendors
Kids entertainment
Live music to enjoy all day long
Tickets are on sale now, and if you act quickly, you can use the code BBQFEB17 for discount tickets until the end of February.
Saturday, May 6, 2017 | 10:00am | Anne Arundel County Fairgrounds
Related
Category: Events, LIFE IN THE AREA, Local News, NEWS, Post To FB
It's also looking at privatizing seaports as depressed crude prices weigh on state spending plans. The wealth fund will take over Saudi Civil Aviation Holding, which will act as an umbrella company for the airport operators, Al-Sugair said. The holding company will be worth “billions of dollars,” they said.
The transfer will also boost oversight as the General Authority of Civil Authority will no longer be both an operator and regulator, they said. The kingdom aims to win investment in airports as its seeks to revive an aviation industry that's been dwarfed by competitors in nearby Dubai and Qatar .
Dubai - As part of a nationwide privatisation drive spurred by low oil prices, airports will be turned into companies before being handed over to the Public Investment Fund, to help improve accountability, Faisal Al-Sugair, chairperson of Saudi Civil Aviation Holding Co, said in a phone interview.
The kingdom also has plans to transfer ownership of oil giant Saudi Arabian Oil Co. and proceeds from that company's initial public offering to the fund. Airport stakes will be sold off when the operating companies have become stabilized, which could be before they are handed over to the wealth fund, Al-Sugair said.
A variety of privatisation options are under consideration, including initial public offerings and private stake sales, they said. Different airports may be sold in different ways, and the government is yet to decide what stakes it will retain, they said. Price water house Coopers and Ernst & Young are advising on the sale process and on turning operators into companies.
Read also: Will slashed Acsa tariffs mean reduced airfares?
The eventual sales may be hampered by “a very bearish market,” Al-Sugair said. “I wouldn't be surprised if you get less interest if you don't get very good bids because of the situation in the market,” they said. That could lead to sales being re-tendered or postponed, they said.
Al-Sugair, declined to comment on the level of interest in current tenders, which include Qassim, Hail, Ahsa and Taif airports, as he's not directly involved in them. Generally, most bidders for Saudi airports have been European and international airport operators in partnership with contractors and investors, they said.
The country intends to convert Dammam airport into a company by July 1, followed by smaller airports and the Saudi Academy of Civil Aviation, a training provider, in the fourth quarter, Al-Sugair said.
BLOOMBERG
By Vera M. Kutzinsk
Langston Hughes, whom Carl Van Vechten memorably called “the Poet Laureate of the Negro race,” was born on 1 February 1902 in Joplin, Missouri; they died in New York City on 22 May 1967. This year, then, we celebrate Hughes‘ birthday at the beginning of what is now Black History Month, and we honor the fiftieth anniversary of their untimely passing. Remembering Hughes will no doubt lead to more books, articles, and conferences, which is as it should be. This work will be added to what has already been written about Hughes, much of it based on the Langston Hughes Papers at the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library at Yale.
Given these riches, one would imagine that there is little left to discover about Hughes. And yet, new material—new to us now—still surfaces from time to time. The story I would like to share here, however briefly, has to do with one such unexpected surfacing. It speaks loudly to the international reputation Langston Hughes enjoyed for most of their life, something we tend to forget here at home.
On 20 October 2016, I received an email from Nora Galer, one of Julio Galer's three children, who, it turns out had been living in New York City for the past twenty-five years. They told me that they have in their possession all the letters their father, who passed in 2006, had kept from their long correspondence with Langston Hughes. If you don't know who Julio Galer is, you're not alone, and that is the point of recounting this story.
Born in Argentina, Julio Galer was one of Hughes's many literary translators, and, as we well know, translators tend to be rather invisible. They certainly have not exactly received the attention they deserve. Galer stands out among those who translated Hughes's writings into many languages because their interest in Hughes's work was much more than a passing fancy. Starting in the later 1940s, Julio Galer worked tirelessly on their Spanish translations of Hughes's autobiographical writings, fiction, plays, and of course poetry. In 1956, they published a hefty collection of their versions of Hughes's poems in Buenos Aires. Throughout all this, Galer and Hughes corresponded for almost twenty years, from 1948 to 1966.
I was familiar with Galer's translations and had written about them in The Worlds of Langston Hughes (2012), but I had no idea about the extent of their correspondence with Hughes. All I knew at the time was that they had sent Hughes a copy of their book, Poemas de Langston Hughes, which I had found at Beinecke Library, along with the Spanish versions of Mulatto, Laughing to keep from Crying, and I Wonder as I Wander.
It wasn't until I flew up to New York City barely two weeks after Nora Galer's email, talked with them at length, and perused their father's papers, that I began to appreciate how much of a serious commitment Julio Galer's Hughes translations had been from the very start. “You see, Mr. Hughes,” the twenty-three-old Galer writes in their first letter from April 1948, “I do not undertake this heavy task just for commercial purposes, I do not make my living translating but teaching. But I want to put at the disposal of the Spanish speaking public your wonderful poetic production.… In my opinion the translator is like the apostle, because, like him, their mission is to spread the holy word, in this case the holy word of beauty and knowledge.”
Continue onto Oxford Univeristy's Press Blog to read the complete article.
NPA boss Shaun Abrahams accused AfriForum of "grandstanding", questioning its bona fides in announcing that it intends to prosecute Julius Malema. Picture: David Ritchie/African News Agency/ANA
Parliament - National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) boss Shaun Abrahams on Tuesday, accused civil rights organisation AfriForum of "grandstanding", questioning its bona fides in announcing that it intends to privately prosecute Julius Malema, the leader of South Africa's third largest political party.
"The only time anyone can approach the NPA for a...certificate for private prosecutions is where the NPA has declined to prosecute and that person needs the prerequisite jurisdictional requirements in terms of the Criminal Procedure Act," Abrahams told Parliament's portfolio committee on justice during a briefing on the NPA's annual performance plan.
"Anyone that announced a private prosecution prior to the process having been concluded on any matter is grandstanding and misinforming the public."
Abrahams was responding to the April 19, announcement by AfriForum's private prosecuting unit head, Advocate Gerrie Nel, that they will be leading a private prosecution against the Economic Freedom Fighters leader.
Nel told journalists that Malema and their co-accused will be prosecuted “for fraud and tender corruption should the NPA not yield to AfriForum's demand that the case against Malema, regarding the then corrupt activities of the company On-Point Engineering in Limpopo, be reinstated”.
AfriForum maintains On-Point Engineering, in which Malema's family trust had a vested interest, was appointed in 2009 to assist the Limpopo department of roads and transport with infrastructure development, maintenance and planning and in doing so received bribes from successful tenderers.
Abrahams said they appointed a new prosecuting team after the matter was struck from the high court roll in Limpopo. The team directed that further investigations took place and that "numerous witnesses" be interviewed.
"This is a normal practice for prosecutors. There is nothing untoward about this practice," they said.
"The [non-governmental organisation] NGO concerned had written to the NPA and in relation to the matter and opportunistically ran to the media. I have been advised that this matter is presently under consideration and at a very advanced stage."
African News Agency/ANA
Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) appeared on CBS This Morning on Tuesday and praised China's long-term strategy, warning that it is “playing everybody” in the world.
CBS host John Dickerson noted that Warren criticized President Donald Trump for not having a strategy for their continuing negotiations with North Korea.
Dickerson said:
There is a North Korean official apparently coming to America. You said the president doesn't look like they have a strategy, but it looks like theirs calling off the summit last week seems to have lit a fire under the North Koreans. Three hostages have been released, so maybe there is a strategy.
Sen. Warren responded:
Then it's been back, and it's been forth. I want this to work. I want this to work to reduce the threat to South Korea, to Japan, to our allies in the region, to the United States of America, to the entire world, but it really takes a strategy, and I look at the comparison with China. Look at what China is doing. China's got the long-term arc, and it's playing everybody. It's playing North Korea. It's playing South Korea. It's playing the United States of America because it has a long-term whole-of-government strategy that keeps driving towards an end.
Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren has become one of the Democrats' leading voices in Congress. Warren's latest book, "This Fight is Our Fight: The battle to save America's middle class," is out today in paperback. @elizabethforma joins us: pic.twitter.com/10FbdCGQM5 — CBS This Morning (@CBSThisMorning) May 29, 2018
Chinese President Xi Jinping recently consolidated their power base in China by eliminating term limits for the country's president and vice president.
Breitbart News reported that Xi received Mao-era praise as they were installed as the long-term president of China.
The Global Times, a Chinese government publication, noted that various Chinese government-controlled media outlets referred to Xi as the “helmsman of the country” and “guide of the people.”
The People's Daily, another Chinese-controlled paper, charged, “Practices have proved that Xi is the pathfinder of socialism with Chinese characteristics for a new era and the navigator in achieving the great dream of national rejuvenation.”
Susan Shirk, former President Bill Clinton's deputy assistant secretary of state, stated that the move has made Xi a “dictator for life.” Shirk told the Guardian, “What is going on here is that Xi Jinping is setting themselves up to rule China as a strongman, a personalistic leader – I have no problem calling it a dictator – for life.”
Shirk added, “It's hard for me to see how this kind of police state that puts such severe restrictions on civil society and on information and on the educational system is really going to be a successful modern China.”
Shirk concluded, “I expect there is going to be some form of pushback eventually – he's already lost the intellectuals.”
It's hard to believe summer is coming to an end and the kids are heading back to school. Organizing expert, Helen Austen shares some tips to help make the transition go a little smoother.
President Trump's job approval on the economy has soared to 51 percent, according to the Real Clear Politics poll of polls.
What was bound to happen appears to finally be happening… After more than a year– without a single shred of evidence — of fake news-frenzies pushing conspiracy theories about Russian collusion/obstruction, in their infinite wisdom, the American people are finally tuning out the media's neurotic white noise to turn their focus on what President Trump has actually accomplished.
With the scales falling from their eyes, they like what they see.
Over the last two weeks, on the all-important issue of it's the ECONOMY stupid, Trump's job approval rating has soared to a very healthy 51 percent — not in a single poll, but on the Real Clear Politics (RCP) average of all polls. Only 43 percent disapprove of Trump's economic flight attendantship, which puts them above water by 8 points.
On January 12, Trump was upside down 47 – 45 percent — a ten point turnaround in a little over two weeks.
This is also, by far, Trump's best showing on the economy in the seven month history of RCP's tracking. The president's previous best average was 46 percent.
Trump's overall job approval rating has also gotten a boost. The president now sits at a 41.5 percent approval, a three point jump from January 14.
UPDATE: Trump's job approval leapt to 49 percent in Friday's Rasmussen poll, this boosted their RCP average to 42 percent.
These polls, however, do not factor in three big events. The first of course is Trump's State of the Union address Tuesday, which grabbed the largest number of television viewers since 2010 and was very well received by the public. A CBS News poll not only showed that 75% of viewers approved of the speech, so did 72 percent of Independents and a whopping 43 percent of Democrats.
Even a poll taken by the far-left Politico found that 62 percent graded the president's speech as “excellent” or “good.”
The floundering anti-Trump cable channel CNN found 70 percent approval.
The second Big Event not yet reflected in the polls is the ongoing implosion of the Russian/obstruction investigation.
We do not yet know how big of a bombshell will go off with the imminent release of a Congressional memo that is said to detail widespread surveillance abuse at the highest levels of the Obama administration, the FBI and Justice Department. But if it is anything close to what is advertised, a Russia investigation that is already seen by many as a partisan fishing expedition and witch hunt, could collapse entirely — at least when it comes to credibility with the public.
The third big event will be when the media is proven a liar in the form of paychecks. For months the media shamelessly lied about the Trump tax cut with the false claim that everyday Americans would see no tax cut or a tax increase. Not only have some 200 companies already announced that this tax cut will result in pay raises and bonuses for more than three million employees, the actual tax cut for working Americans will kick in this month.
The last piece of bad polling news for the media is the generic Congressional poll that tracks voter sentiment going into the all-important 2018 mid-terms. Nothing would thrill the media more than to see that Big Blue Wave hit, but that wave is fading fast. What was a 13 point advantage three weeks ago, has now shrunk to just seven points. And all of these polls were taken before Democrats were seen looking at their phones instead of standing to applaud our veterans at the State of the Union.
The game plan for Democrats and their media is to make the 2018 midterm elections a referendum on Trump.
As of right now, that plan is backfiring bigly.
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC. Follow their Facebook Page here.
Sputnik: I'd like to talk about the current conservative government. Looking at cases like Brexit, accusations against Russia regarding Skripal and moreover conservative domestic policies — how would you describe this current government and is it qualified enough to lead the UK through such turbulent times?
Rob: I think the first thing to note is they [the government] didn't have a majority on the way in, which means that they are not a full government as such. Having to buy in support with a billion pounds to the DUP suggests that they are on rocky waters and I think this current government isn't playing by the rules as such. For instance, we have this poisoning that has happened, which involves two people but then this government has been linked in with this landmark study that shows austerity has led to 120,000 people losing their lives. Why aren't we doing anything about that? Why isn't the current conservative government perusing that at all?
In this country, we have something called ‘British Values' and part of the tenants of ‘British Values' is that we hold in high esteem ‘The Rule of Law'; now that suggests that someone has the right to prove their innocence. With this poisoning case, the Russian's haven't been given access to evidence or anything to do with the photos – they don't even have comments. To say “be quiet and go away” that doesn't sound like a government to me. It doesn't make sense.
Sputnik: In the past week we've seen Theresa May dedicate a lot of their time to the Skripal case, releasing a verdict in a matter of days that Russia is responsible. This in turn has made them look stronger to their supporters and sceptics of her, similar to a tactic used by thatcher to boost support regarding the Falklands… are we seeing the same here with May? Essentially, is the PM using Skripal to boost their power?
Rob: I would agree with that. I think she's trying to pick a fight and trying to make themselves look good in front of the international community where the reality is that the Brexit negotiations are really going nowhere. It's a fantastic way to distract the British public – I don't see our British prime minister making such a fuss about the Grenfell Disaster. 71 people lost their lives there, why aren't the government up in arms about that? It's because it doesn't make them look good. I wholeheartedly agree that what Theresa May is doing here is making a play at the internationally stage that they are a powerful person and can take control when in fact not even following ‘The Rule of Law' in this country (which is innocent until proven guilty). Just saying someone's done something, that doesn't cut it.
Sputnik: What actions should we be seeing from the current UK government both domestically and internationally?
Rob: It really is beggars-belief that we purport to have democracy, be civilised nation and be forward thinking but basically we have a government with a playground mentality that: ‘he did it' or ‘she did it', without any proof or just cause.
A powerful and effective government should rely on its democracy, its rule of law, its process and not just point the finger at someone, because it helps their cause.
The views expressed in this article are solely those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect the official position of Sputnik.
JERUSALEM, April 6 (Reuters) -
* Israel's Delek Group said on Thursday it was raising the price it wants for a majority stake of insurer Phoenix Holdings in a deal with China's Yango Group Co after an initial deadline passed.
* Delek said the price for its 52.3 percent stake in Phoenix had risen to 2.152 billion shekels ($590 million) from the initial 1.971 billion shekels.
* The binding deal signed last August set a target closing date of March 31, and Delek said the deal has since been ammended to reflect the new price.
* The last date for completion of the terms for closing has been set as June 4, 2017.
* ($1 = 3.6481 shekels) (Reporting by Ari Rabinovitch)
A Swedish model says she's receiving rape threats after they posed their hairy legs in an Adidas ad.
Twenty-six year old Arvida Bystrom, says she's “getting rape threats” in their direct messages on Instagram since the ad released featuring their shoes and their hairy legs.
The model and photographer posted to them Instagram about the threats she's received and thanked their followers for all of the positivity and love they got over the hate.
Adidas released a statement saying they're “honored to work with creators like Arvida for their creativity, diversity and unique ideas.”
The Hoisington Police Department is still searching for a suspect involved in a stabbing early Friday morning. According to the Barton County Sheriff's Office Incident Log from April 20th, the case was reported at 1:31 a.m. at 1410 North Vine Street B6 in Hoisington.
Hoisington Police Chief Kenton Doze says the domestic case appeared to start from an argument.
Doze added the victim received medical attention and is in good health condition from any wounds they sustained from the stabbing.
The search for the suspect continues.
NOT sure who to back in the Golden Slipper? Sportsman's Shayne O'Cass analyses each runner in the $3.5m dash for two-year-olds at Rosehill Gardens.
The Tony McEvoy-trained Sunlight is the favourite for the Golden Slipper, but they are being challenged by Grahame Begg's unbeaten colt Written By, who won the Blue Diamond Stakes and tuned up for the Slipper with a tight win in the Pago Pago Stakes.
THE DRAW: SUNLIGHT, WRITTEN BY SET FOR EPIC SLIPPER BATTLE
The depth of this year's Slipper field is strong. Sunlight, Written By, Santos, Aylmerton, Estijaab and Seabrook head into the Slipper as last-start winners, while Ef Troop, Sandbar, Enbihaar, Fiesta and Sizzling Belle were runners-up in some of the key lead-up races.
The barrier draw was kind to Sunlight (5) and Written By (4), while Performer (16) and Estijaab (17) were given a sterner test from out wide.
THE RUNDOWN
LATEST SLIPPER BETTING: TAB FIXED ODDS
1. WRITTEN BY (4)
Colt. Written Tycoon-Yau Chin
Trainer: Grahame Begg. Jockey: Jordan Childs
4 starts, 4-0-0. Wet form (heavy/slow tracks): 1; 1-0-0
O'CASS SAYS: If you are a Cat Stevens fan, you see all the Father and Son references here. Written By is a son of Written Tycoon — both horses trained by Grahame Begg whose father Neville bred and retained this colt. Neville was offered $180,000 at the yearling sales, but they wanted $200,000, so took them home and now he's won $1.2 million and is the Slipper co-favourite. The record of Blue Diamond winners in the Slipper is 33 runners for five wins.
2. SANTOS (7)
Colt. I Am Invincible-Ghaliah
Trainer: Gai Waterhouse & Adrian Bott. Jockey: Tim Clark
4 starts; 2-0-1. Wet form (heavy/slow tracks): 1; 1-0-0
O'CASS SAYS: Father and daughter time now because if Gai Waterhouse can win the Slipper with Santos, that will be seven and one more than their immortal father Tommy (TJ) won. Santos is a big, strong son of I Am invincible out of a mare by Secret Savings with whom Gai won a Doncaster in 1997, and from the family of Epsom winner, Fat Al. Drawn ideally in barrier seven and seemed to relish the slop in their Randwick barrier trial win last Thursday.
3. AYLMERTON (8)
Colt. Siyouni-Aloona
Trainer: Jean Dubois. Jockey: Tommy Berry
2 starts; 2-0-0. Wet form (heavy/slow tracks): 1; 1-0-0
O'CASS SAYS: This colt, trained at Goulburn, made the quantum leap from a midweeker to win a Todman Stakes. He's been bought since by global breeding giants, Coolmore (and others) who recognise this colt's international pedigree. A magnificent type, Aylmerton is from the same family as Arcangues, who is the longest priced winner of a US Breeders' Cup race, winning the Classic in 1993 at odds of US$269.20.
4. LONG LEAF (19)
Colt. Fastnet Rock-Frustrating
Trainer: David & Ben Hayes & Tom Dabernig. Jockey: Blake Shinn
4 starts; 3-0-0. Wet form (heavy/slow tracks): 1; 1-0-0
O'CASS SAYS: Coolmore bought this colt (with others) for $750,000 at the New Zealand Yearling sales at Karaka. A son of the stud's champion sire Fastnet Rock, Long Leaf's dam, Frustrating, is a half sister to Tiger Tees, Terravista, Ball Of Muscle and the Singapore horse of the year, Super Easy. Long Leaf won their first three starts before failing to fire in the Blue Diamond Stakes. That said, they were $8.50 to win that day and all of sudden finds themselves as one of the outsiders at $71.
5. PERFORMER (16)
Colt. Exceed And Excel-Gavroche
Trainer: Chris Waller. Jockey: Hugh Bowman
3 starts; 2-0-0. Wet form (heavy/slow tracks): 1; 1-0-0
O'CASS SAYS: They will make history if they win on Saturday — why? Well, he'll be the first horse to win the Slipper coming off a ‘LR' when Hugh Bowman was dislodged with 150m left in the Todman. Waller has gone for the blinkers and boy did it make a difference to this half brother to Galaxy winner, Bel Sprinter. They were quiet as a lamb under Kerrin McEvoy with the shades on in their Randwick heat last Thursday. Drawn wide but at least they should get a clear path down the straight.
Camera Icon Performer, right, was the Golden Slipper favourite when markets opened last year. They have drawn wide but has the talent to overcome the tricky barrier. Picture: AAP
6. EF TROOP (2)
Gelding. Spirit Of Boom-Limealicious
Trainer: Tony Gollan. Jockey: Jason Collett
4 starts; 2-1-0
O'CASS SAYS: The pride of Queensland as the only maroon in this year's Slipper. He's got the pace of Billy Slater, so expect them to be leading for a long way. They drew 13 in the Magic Millions and cut across the field to lead but was swamped late by Sunlight and a few others. Gate two makes it easier but the pressure will be immense.  They are bred to like the wet.
7. PRAIRIE FIRE (6)
Colt. Snitzel-Consistency
Trainer: Mick Price. Jockey: Mark Zahra
3 starts; 1-0-1
O'CASS SAYS: This son of Redzel's sire, Snitzel, was given every possible chance to win the Blue Diamond last start but found the winner, Written By and the two placegetters — Enhibaar and Oohood — too good. Their sire is famous for their wet-trackers and this colt is a very, very close relation to G1-winning mare Snitzerland, who was runner-up to Pierro in the 2012 in the Golden Slipper.
8. SANDBAR (3)
Colt. Snitzel-Tallow
Trainer: Brad Widdup. Jockey: Christian Reith
4 starts; 2-1-0. Wet form (heavy/slow tracks): 2; 1-0-0
O'CASS SAYS: Another of the Snitzel offspring, this colt was bred by John Singleton and sold for $650,000 at the sales. Sandbar has carved out a reputation as being ‘tough' and got closest to Written By in the Pago Pago last Saturday. Firmed from $17 to $13 after they drew barrier three.
9. ENBIHAAR (15)
Filly. Magnus-Charm's Honour
Trainer: David & Ben Hayes & Tom Dabernig. Jockey: Stephen Baster
3 starts; 2-1-0
O'CASS SAYS: Aside from the winner, Written By, there was no better performance in the Blue Diamond than that of Enbihaar in the colours of Melbourne Cup winners At Talaq and Jeune. The Hayes/Dabernig filly won their two runs leading into the Diamond, both on pace, as opposed to their barnstorming run in the Caulfield G1 where they were last and widest at the 400m after drawing barrier 16. Hasn't fared any better in the Slipper this weekend — they came up with 15.
10. SUNLIGHT (5)
Filly. Zoustar-Solar Charged
Trainer: Tony McEvoy. Jockey: Luke Currie
6 starts; 5-0-1
O'CASS SAYS: Runner-up on debut, Sunlight has won their next five on the trot either in fast time or with big margins or both. They have had a good look at Rosehill, winning the Silver Slipper and the Magic Night at their past two starts. Unknown on heavy but she's not alone there. Drew a blessed barrier for their racing style; she'll be in the first handful. Tony McEvoy bought Sunlight for $300,000 at the 2017 Magic Millions sale, they went back in January and paid double for the full sister. It'll be cheap at twice the price if Sunlight wins on Saturday.
Camera Icon Magic Millions winner Sunlight is the one to beat in the Slipper. Picture: AAP
11. ESTIJAAB (17)
Filly. Snitzel-Response
Trainer: John, Wayne & Michael Hawkes. Jockey: Brenton Avdulla
3 starts; 2-1-0
O'CASS SAYS: Speaking of high-priced yearlings, Estijaab is the dearest horse of this year's Golden Slipper and most others on record. They were bought by Emirates Park Stud for $1.7m at the Easter Yearling Sale. Why so pricey? She's by champion sire Snitzel and their dam, Response, won a couple of groups 1s. Estijaab has drawn 17 but there may not be a horse faster out of the gates than Estijaab. Breeding buffs take note; both Estijaab and Sunlight are out of Charge Forward mares. Charge Forward was beaten a nose by Dance Hero in the 2004 Slipper.
12. OOHOOD (11)
Filly. I Am Invincible-Bella Sunday
Trainer: Tony McEvoy. Jockey: Zac Purton
4 starts; 0-2-2. Wet form (heavy/slow tracks): 1; 0-1-0
O'CASS SAYS: Unlike their stablemate Sunlight, who has won five races, Oohood has yet to win in four starts but be kind, she's placed at all of them and run some incredible last secitonals, not least in the Blue Diakond, where they were whittling away the margin that Written By had set up at the 300m. Tony McEvoy has put the blinkers on them They wore them when a leisurely third in a Randwick trial last Thursday. Doesn't always work out, but she's got a lot of very notable wet-trackers on their dam sire; Snippets, Not A Single Doubt among them.
13. FIESTA (20)
Filly. I Am Invincible-Now Now
Trainer: Chris Waller. Jockey: Kerrin McEvoy
4 starts; 1-2-1. Wet form (heavy/slow tracks): 3; 1-2-0
O'CASS SAYS: Should have won the Gimcrack, let's be straight. Not one of the Magic Man's best rides. We've got the Aussie version of the Magic Man on top on Saturday, Kerrin McEvoy, who rode the Chris Waller-trained filly in the Widden (won) and the Sweet Embrace (2nd).  They are peaking for this. Drifted from $17 to $21 after drawing 20, she'll come into to 16 like previous winners Vancouver and Forensics. McEvoy won the 2011 on Sepoy — difference is, they drew barrier one!
14. SIZZLING BELLE (1)
Filly. Sizzling-Greenmount Belle
Trainer: Nick Olive. Jockey: Kathy O'Hara
4 starts; 3-1-0
O'CASS SAYS: Is a Canberra-trained filly and stablemate to Single Gaze. Nick Olive has placed them to perfection, notching three wins and a second (in the Black Opal) in their four starts. Has plenty of early speed so one would imagine that they and Ef Troop drag race it to the corner and help set up a traditional high intensity Golden Slipper. She's $101 but if you're on her, you'll be tingling a bit at the 300m, after that, it's all up to them
15. SEABROOK (12)
Filly. Hinchinbrook-Midnight Revels
Trainer: Mick Price. Jockey: Damien Oliver
3 starts; 1-0-1. Wet form (heavy/slow tracks): 1; 1-0-0
O'CASS SAYS: If you like Fiesta then you'd have to love Seabrook, who stalked their prey when they beat the Waller filly in the Sweet Embrace. That was the Mick Price-trained daughter of Hinchinbrook's first run in NSW, that was their first clockwise run but they did it like she'd been here all their life. Seabrook opened up with the TAB at $201 and is now less than double figures. That's what winning does and with Ollie on.
Camera Icon Seabrook could be the surprise packet. The Sweet Embrace Stakes winner has a great turn of foot and will be powering home late. Picture: AAP
16. SECRET LADY (13)
Filly. Choisir-For Your Eyes Only
Trainer: Gary Portelli. Jockey: Ben Melham
6 starts; 1-2-0. Wet form (heavy/slow tracks): 1; 0-0-0
O'CASS SAYS: Gary Portelli trained last year's Golden Slipper winner They Will Reign, and punters reckon he's $101 to defend their crown. Fair enough given that Secret Lady is no They Will Reign, but few are.
17e. QAFILA (10)
Filly. Not A Single Doubt-Zighy Bay
Trainer: David & Ben Hayes & Tom Dabernig. Jockey: Craig Williams
4 starts; 1-0-0
O'CASS SAYS: Another runner from the Hayes/Hayes/Dabernig team. The filly won the Debutant Stakes in October but was never a factor in the Blue Diamond then ran fourth in the Black Opal Stakes last start.
18e. GONGS (14)
Filly. Dawn Approach-Belcentra
Trainer: James Cummings. Jockey: Tye Angland
4 starts; 2-0-1
O'CASS SAYS: Godolphin's only contender for the Slipper will need two scratchings to gain a start. Ran third in the Silver Slipper behind Sunlight and Estijaab then finished fourth in the Reisling Stakes.
19e. LEGEND OF CONDOR (9)
Colt. Not A Single Doubt-Rhodamine
Trainer: Gerald Ryan. Jockey: N/A
4 starts; 1-0-1. Wet form (heavy/slow tracks): 1; 0-0-1
O'CASS SAYS: The colt had plenty of Slipper hype early in their career but has failed to reach the heights expected of him. Ran third in the Skyline Stakes behind Santos then was fourth in the Todman Stakes.
20e. SPIN (18)
Colt. I Am Invincible-Roulettes
Trainer: Peter and Paul Snowden. Jockey: N/A
4 starts; 0-2-1. Wet form (heavy/slow tracks): 1; 0-1-0
O'CASS SAYS: Peter and Paul Snowden know what it takes to win a Golden Slipper, having prepared Capitalist to win the big race in 2016. Spin isn't in the same class, but did place in the Skyline Stakes and Pago Pago.
US PRESIDENT Donald Trump has today directed NASA to send Americans to the Moon for the first time since 1972, in order to prepare for future trips to Mars.
“This time we will not only plant our flag and leave our footprint,” Trump said at a White House ceremony as they signed the new space policy directive.
“We will establish a foundation for an eventual mission to Mars and perhaps someday to many worlds beyond.”
The directive calls on NASA to ramp up its efforts to send people to deep space, a policy that unites politicians on both sides of the aisle in the United States.
Camera Icon US President Donald Trump speaks during a signing ceremony for Space Policy Directive 1, with the aim of returning Americans to the Moon. Picture: AFP Picture: AFP
However, it steered clear of the most divisive and thorny issues in space exploration: budgets and timelines.
Space policy experts agree that any attempt to send people to Mars, which lies an average of 140 million miles (225 million kilometres) from Earth, would require immense technical prowess and a massive wallet.
The last time US astronauts visited the Moon was during the Apollo missions of the 1960s and 1970s.
On July 20, 1969, US astronaut Neil Armstrong became the first man to walk on the Moon.
Trump, who signed the directive in the presence of Harrison Schmitt, one of the last Americans to walk on the Moon 45 years ago, said “today, we pledge that they will not be the last.”
Camera Icon President Donald Trump holds up a policy directive to send American astronauts back to the moon, and eventually Mars. Picture: AP Picture: AP
The better known Buzz Aldrin, the second man on the Moon after Armstrong and a fervent advocate of future space missions, was also present at the ceremony but not mentioned by Trump during their speech.
Trump and Vice President Mike Pence, who heads the newly revitalised National Space Council, have previously vowed to explore the Moon again, but offered few details.
Nevertheless, the announcement was welcomed by NASA's Acting Administrator Robert Lightfoot, who said the agency “looks forward to supporting the president's directive” and “strategically aligning our work to return humans to the Moon, travel to Mars and opening the deeper solar system beyond.”
Former US president George W. Bush also pledged to send Americans to the Moon as part of the Constellation program, which ran from 2005 to 2009.
Constellation was projected to cost $100 billion, and aimed to get boots on the Moon's surface by the late 2020s.
Camera Icon Astronaut Neil A. Armstrong on the Moon in July 1969, as part of the astronaut Edwin E. Aldrin conducting experiment on the moon's surface, during the Apollo XI space mission. Picture: AFP
In 2009, then president Barack Obama deemed it too costly and repetitive of missions already achieved, and cancelled the program in order to focus on reaching Mars by the 2030s.
Trump vowed their new directive “will refocus the space program on human exploration and discovery,” and “marks an important step in returning American astronauts to the Moon for the first time since 1972.” The goal of the new Moon missions would include “long-term exploration and use” of its surface.
“We're dreaming big,” Trump said.
Their administration has previously held several meetings with SpaceX boss Elon Musk and Amazon owner Jeff Bezos, who also owns Blue Origin.
A White House statement acknowledged that partnerships with other nations and private industry could well be on the cards.
The US “will work with other nations and private industry to return astronauts to the Moon, developing the technology and means for manned exploration of Mars and other destinations in our solar system,” it said.
VOL. 41 | NO. 23 | Friday, June 09, 2017
WASHINGTON (AP) — Consumer prices declined in May, reflecting a big drop in energy prices and smaller declines in a number of other areas. It was the second monthly decline in the past three months and underscored that inflation remains a no-show for the slow-growing U.S. economy.
The Labor Department said Wednesday that consumer prices edged down 0.1 percent last month following a small 0.2 percent increase in April. Prices had fallen 0.3 percent in March. In addition to a drop in energy costs last month, the price of clothing, airline fares and medical care also declined.
Core inflation, which excludes energy and food, rose a slight 0.1 percent in May.
The Federal Reserve was expected to boost a key interest rate Wednesday with officials viewing the recent slowdown in inflation as temporary.
FACEBOOK'S data leak that compromised the accounts of more than 50 million users could be its undoing after #DeleteFacebook started trending on a rival social network today.
Users of the world's largest social network have begun deleting or deactivating their accounts in droves, following news that Cambridge Analytica was allowed to harvest users' personal information for use in US President Donald Trump's 2016 political campaign.
Facebook suspended the accounts of Strategic Communication Laboratories and its analytics firm after the news broke and promised to investigate the 2015 breach, but many users appear to have had enough.
Camera Icon #DeleteFacebook has been trending on Twitter after the social media was revealed to have leaked users' data. Picture: Supplied
The hashtag #DeleteFacebook begun trending worldwide on Twitter early this morning, and was quickly populated by angry tales from former Facebook users and screenshots of expunged accounts.
“We all moved on from MySpace, we can move on from Facebook too,” @ecarpen wrote, while @FinnDen added, “Facebook is not who we thought they were”.
“Dropped FB today. Been on it right from the start. No more,” added @jmdsouza67.
The trend appeared to affect Facebook's share price, which fell more than six per cent in 24 hours.
Camera Icon Facebook's share price dropped after users threatened to delete their accounts. Picture: AP, AP Photo/Elise Amendola
But users keen to wipe their Facebook slate clean should be aware it could take up to three months for personal data to be removed, and there is an alternative to breaking up with the world's most powerful social network.
Some fed-up Facebook users are choosing to merely ‘deactivate' their accounts, which lets the social network keep their information but hide it from friends, though this would not protect the data from being used for political means.
Many users are choosing to delete their accounts entirely, though this process can take “up to 90 days from the beginning of the deletion process”, Facebook warned, as the company wiped items from its “backup systems”.
Camera Icon Mark Zuckerberg, chief executive officer and founder of Facebook. Picture: AFP
Facebook users can also download information shared with Facebook before deleting their account by selecting Settings, General, and Download a Copy of Your Facebook Data. Facebook archives are sent to users by email.
The Social Media giant has been threatened with regulatory action unless it reveals whether any Australians had their information given to controversial researcher Cambridge Analytica.
Australian Information and Privacy Commissioner Timothy Pilgrim said they were aware of reports users' profile information had been taken and used without authorisation.
“I will consider Facebook's response and whether any further regulatory action is required,” Mr Pilgrim said on Tuesday.
[India], February 03 (ANI): Taking note of the Kunduli gang-rape incident, Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik on Friday said that no stones will be left unturned to ensure thorough investigation into the matter.
An outrage has been triggered in the state after a class IX girl committed suicide on January 22 after being allegedly gang-raped by four men in Kunduli of Koraput district in October last year.
Speaking to the media, the Chief Minister said, "It was an absolutely tragic situation and we are doing all that we can to investigate this matter thoroughly."
Earlier, Union Minister Dharmendra Pradhan came down heavily on the Odisha government over the incident. Speaking to ANI, Pradhan demanded the resignation of Chief Minister and asked them to take the moral responsibility for the incident. "An unfortunate incident took place in Kunduli. A 14-year-old girl committed suicide. The state government ignored this issue. The girl had alleged that the Odisha DG had offered them Rs 90000 to keep their mouth shut. Some people are trying to change their forensic report," they said. Stating that the 'insensitive government of Odisha stood failed to give justice to the woman, the minister said that the BJP will continue to protest against it until the culprits get arrested. Earlier also, Pradhan had demanded Patnaik's resignation in connection with the incident. (ANI)
When a law is sufficiently vague and no reasonable person can make head or tail of what it means or what its implications are, that law fails to live up to the legality standard contained in section 1(c) of the Constitution.
According to the following analysis written by the Free Market Foundation's Martin van Staden, this section of the Constitution provides that South Africa is founded upon the supremacy of the Constitution and the Rule of Law.
The Electronic Communications Amendment Bill, in its current form, is rife with confusion, vagueness and ambiguity and may well be completely void for its lack of clarity. Government must fix these problems and ensure its legal drafters gain an understanding and appreciation for the Rule of Law.
The Bill, in its essence, amounts to a complete centralisation of law- and decision-making power in matters related to information and communication technologies (ICT) in the hands of executive officials – usually the Minister of Telecommunications or the Independent Communications Authority (ICASA) – when this power is properly reserved for Parliament. The Bill does this, not only explicitly, by vesting unlimited powers in the hands of an official or entity, but also implicitly, by framing provisions so vague that they can only be given meaning by executive diktat.
For example, the Bill defines “high-demand spectrum” as spectrum for which demand exceeds supply, or spectrum that is fully assigned. This definition is fair enough; but the Bill adds a tail: “… as determined by the Minister …, by notice in the Gazette, after consultation with [ICASA].”
The Minister is thus empowered to decide whether demand exceeds supply or whether spectrum has been fully assigned – a ridiculous provision. If the demand exceeds the supply, something that market forces will bear out, then that is high-demand spectrum; and if the spectrum is fully assigned, something that will be immediately obvious, the spectrum is high-demand. There is no need for the Minister to get involved, yet this proposed law insists on centralising power unnecessarily in the hands of this official.
The notion of sharing infrastructure and “existing facilities” is also a prominent part of the Bill, but is tortuously confusing. ICASA must, for instance, ensure that service providers “seek out alternatives” to building new infrastructure, one alternative of which is “the sharing or leasing” of their facilities. The Bill will also obligate service providers to “provide wholesale open access” to their existing infrastructure when their competitors request such access.
These bizarre provisions, of course, fall completely foul of this government's stated aim to foster fair competition and fair businesses practices. Can it be that government is now actively going to force, for instance, MTN, which has invested billions of rands into building towers and infrastructure – and has shared this infrastructure on a voluntary basis before – to provide access to their property to competitors?
This surely cannot be the case; but what “sharing” means in this context is not defined. This lack of clarity means that ICASA will interpret and apply these provisions for itself, which might yield absurd and damaging consequences for our ICT industry.
The Bill goes on to empower ICASA to make regulations for rapid deployment of infrastructure that will give obligations to service providers in the industry. ICASA may also “prescribe additional terms and conditions” for licences. When powers like these are assigned, the question of vagueness should be foremost in our minds. In a constitutional state there exists no such thing as unlimited government power.
When ICASA is empowered, thus, to “prescribe additional terms and conditions”, one cannot help but be confused, for this power appears to be virtually boundless. To add insult to injury, it is not the only instance of what appears to be law-making power being vested by the Bill in the hands of bureaucrats in the executive government.
Is it not Parliament that we elect every five years to make the laws that will bind us? How is it that ICASA will now have the power to essentially legislate obligations for South African entrepreneurs? Regulations, properly understood, are supposed to technically implement the substantive provisions of laws. A regulation itself cannot, under the Rule of Law, amount to substantive law, because a regulator has no democratic mandate. And Parliament cannot assign its democratic mandate to a regulator any more than a surgeon can assign to a nurse the duty of performing a procedure while you lie unconscious on the operating table. Your agreement is with the doctor, not the nurse. And as citizens of South Africa, our social contract is with Parliament, not with a nameless, faceless bureaucrat hidden away somewhere in a basement office in Pretoria.
The Electronic Communications Amendment Bill is a classic case of a proposed law that fails to adhere to the legality standard in the Constitution. It disregards how our system of governance works and tries, unashamedly, to subvert the Rule of Law and give us the rule of man.
Martin van Staden is a legal researcher at the Free Market Foundation and co-author of “The Real Digital Divide: South Africa's Information and Communication Technologies Policy (2017)”
Brackets are busted, No. 1 seeds have fallen but the craziest part of this year's March Madness is at that the tournament has only just begun.
After this weekend's unforgettable opening weekend of action, the Sweet 16 of the 2018 NCAA Tournament tips off this Thursday with a national championship up for the taking.
Here's a look at the schedule for the Sweet 16, including TV information so you don't miss a minute of the action.
Sweet 16 TV Schedule (All Times E.T.)
Thursday, March 22
No. 7 Nevada vs. No. 11 Loyola-Chicago (7:07 p.m., CBS)
No. 3 Michigan vs. No. 7 Texas A&M (7:27 p.m., TBS)
No. 5 Kentucky vs. No. 9 Kansas State (9:37 p.m., CBS)
No. 4 Gonzaga vs. No. 9 Florida State (9:59 p.m., TBS)
Friday, March 23
No. 1 Kansas vs. No. 5 Clemson (7:07 p.m., CBS)
No. 1 Villanova vs. No. 5 West Virginia (7:27 p.m., TBS)
No. 2 Duke vs. No. 11 Syracuse (9:37 p.m., CBS)
No. 2 Purdue vs. No. 3 Texas Tech (9:59 p.m., TBS)
Storylines
In the South Region, it's literally anyone's game at this point as No. 1 seed Virginia crashed out of the tournament in the biggest upset in NCAA Tournament history as No. 16 seed University of Maryland, Baltimore County defeated the Cavaliers, 74-54.
With Virginia, No. 2 Cincinnati, No. 3 Tennessee and No. 4 Arizona all out of the South Region going into the Sweet 16, the favorite in this region just might be the No. 5 Kentucky Wildcats, if you can believe that.
Sticking with the South Region, Kentucky -- if they advance past the Sweet 16 and Elite 8 -- could face one of the following in the Final Four: No. 3 Michigan, No. 4 Gonzaga, No. 7 Texas A&M or No. 9 Florida State.
Virginia wasn't the only No. 1 seed on the left side of the bracket to crash out of the tournament during opening weekend as No. 1 Xavier also fell victim to March Madness in a 75-70 loss to the Seminoles. North Carolina, the No. 2 seed in the West Region, also bowed out in the second round after losing to the Aggies in blowout fashion (86-65.)
In the East Region, No. 1 Villanova is still alive and well, looking like one of the more dominant teams left in the field of 16.
In the MidWest No. 1 Kansas is also hanging around, but are coming off a tough game against an experienced Seton Hall squad that could've taken the wind out of the Jayhawks' sails.
With Kansas being one of the more vulnerable top seeds left in the tournament, the No. 2 Duke Blue Devils could find themselves knocking on the door of yet another Final Four appearance if they can get past No. 11 Syracuse and beat the winner of No. 1 Kansas vs. No. 1 Clemson.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Charleroi surprised Anderlecht with goals from Baby and Christian Benavente after the break to keep the maximum, a real feat since the club sees its best players leave after each season. This time, coach Mazzu lost midfielder Damien Marcq (AA Gent) and defender Clinton Mata (KRC Genk) but this is not affecting the team apparently.
Anderlecht had a poor start to the season so far, scoring just once in three games, which leaves them with just one victory, one draw and a defeat. President Roger Vanden Stock had hoped for a better present for their 75th birthday.
In other action, KRC Genk whipped Antwerp FC 3-5 at the Bosuil, while a battling Standard were beaten by Sint-Truiden 1-0 in Limburg. Genk and Standard, two clubs with big ambitions, have 4 points now. From the traditional top-5 clubs, Club Brugge have 9 points, Anderlecht, Standard and RC Genk 4 and AA Gent just 1.
Beijing 2022 organisers have prepared a list of more than 2,000 questions to ask at next week's Pyeongchang 2018 Winter Olympic de-brief.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) will gather in the Chinese capital from Monday (June 4) to assess this year's Winter Games which took place in South Korea in February.
It will be a key chance for Beijing to learn before their hosting duties in four years time, with IOC President Thomas Bach due to hear a report from the Chinese Organising Committee during the five-day event.
Yan Cheng, the human resources director for Beijing 2022, told China Daily the list of questions would be shared with members of the IOC delegation as well as officials from Pyeongchang.
They relate to areas including snow sport operations, they said.
"This marks the handover of Olympic hosting expertise from Pyeongchang to Beijing," said Yan.
"The share of knowledge and transfer of expertise from the Pyeongchang Organising Committee will enlighten us about the complexity of hosting the Winter Olympic Games and provide us with proven experience to facilitate our work."
Beijing 2022 leaders have already announced plans to attract more skilled international workers to play a part in the Winter Olympics and Paralympics.
The de-brief for Pyeongchang 2018 will be held next week ©Getty Images
Organisers hope to attract people to work in areas including sports management and volunteer services.
Yan told ECNS that international talent was needed as China's winter sports industry is still "relatively underdeveloped".
They also said the Organising Committee would strenghten its contact and cooperation with similar bodies overseas.
This could include attracting staff who worked at Pyeongchang 2018.
Fourteen experts from foreign countries have reportedly already helped Beijing address issues including venue planning, track design and overall logistics.
Beijing 2022 began their first extensive recruitment drive in April of last year.
It has so far led to 31 out of 3,894 applicants being appointed to various roles.
The Winter Olympics are due to run between February 4 and 20 in 2022.
The Paralympics are scheduled to follow between March 4 and 13.
Beijing itself will share the sporting action with clusters in Zhangjiakou and Yanqing.
The capital hosted the Summer Olympics and Paralympics in 2008 and will become the first city to also host the Winter editions.
The global office furniture market includes all furniture assets in an office such as cabinets, tables, seating furniture etc. Furniture is an important part of modern offices. Office furniture differentiates corporate buildings from residential buildings. Office furniture is also associated with employee productivity and overall work lifestyle of an employee. Employee ergonomics is heavily dependent on the seating furniture and desk furniture at the office. Most employees spend most of their daylight time in office; hence, offices need to provide them with good furniture.
Rising service industry, especially information and technology services is a key driver for growth of the global office furniture market. In recent years, service industry has grown significantly. Unlike manufacturing industry, service industry requires big corporate offices instead of big production plants. Service industry is human resource intensive. Quality and scale of the services is heavily dependent on human resources of a service company.
To acquire and to retain skilled employees, service companies need to improve work life of its employees. Furniture is a key aspect of work life of an employee in a service industry. Hence, service companies tend to buy quality furniture to acquire and retain employees. The growing service industry is expected to boost the global office furniture market in the near future.
Multiple IT parks and commerce zones have standard furniture throughout the building, usually leased to companies. Large scale manufacturing of office furniture and standardization of office furniture helps office furniture manufacturers to minimize the costs. Due to automation in office furniture manufacturing, manufactures can design standard desks, cabinets, or seating systems at much lower cost as compared to customized requirements. Standardization of office furniture in IT parks and commerce zones is expected to boost the global office furniture market in the near future.
Request Brochure https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=34508
Limited land for tree planting to harvest wood is a key restraint for wooden office furniture. Though demand for wooden furniture is high, supply of wooden furniture is limited to the availability of the wood resource. Wood production is limited to trees available for harvesting. Due to limited production of wood resource, other types of office furniture such as plastic/fiber or glass furniture are expected to capture some share of the wooden office furniture market.
Metal office furniture is expensive as the metallurgical process needed to acquire refined metal is expensive. However, strength and lifespan of metal furniture is much better than other types of office furniture. Metal office furniture segment is expected to expand significantly in the near future.
Get Table of Content for detail analysis https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=34508
Plastic and fiber office furniture is lightweight as compared to wooden or metal furniture. It is also on an average, cheaper than wooden or metal furniture. Some type of plastic and fiber material are not sturdy and have a shorter lifespan while some fiber materials are very sturdy and have a longer lifespan. Prices of products in this category vary greatly depending on quality of plastic/fiber material used.
The global office furniture market can be segmented on the basis of furniture type, material type, and geography. On the basis of furniture type, the market can be segmented into seating, storage units, tables, ceiling and others. On the basis of material type, the market can be divided into four segments: wood, metal, plastic/fiber, and others. Others segment includes hybrid and glass furniture.On the basis of geography, the global office furniture market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC), Middle East & Africa (MEA), and South America.
An American congressional candidate now reportedly has to deal with accusations of antisemitism from their political opponents due to a book from nearly three decades ago.
Leslie Cockburn, the Democratic nominee for the 5th Congressional District of Virginia, has been labeled an anti-Semite by their Republican opponents, The New York Times reports.
According to the newspaper, members of the Republican Party of Virginia branded Cockburn as anti-Semitic because of a book written by them and their husband, titled "Dangerous Liaison: The Inside Story of the U.S.-Israeli Covert Relationship,” which a review in NYT itself described back then as “largely dedicated to Israel-bashing for its own sake."
​READ MORE: 'Incredible Solidarity': UK Muslim Group Slams Anti-Semitism in Full-Page Ad
In an attempt to resolve the situation, Cockburn held a meeting with about 40 Jewish leaders in Charlottesville in order to address the matter and explain herself.
"None of us think she's anti-Semitic. That's not even an issue. It's more where are you about Israel. There's a lot of negativity toward Israel from the political left right now and people who call themselves progressive. And some of that anti-Israel sentiment crosses into anti-Semitism, but not in their case," Sherry Kraft, one of the organizers of the meeting, said.
During an interview with the newspaper, Cockburn themselves described accusations against them as a "totally phony issue," pointing out that the book in question was published 27 years ago.
A number of Twitter users concurred with the politician, arguing that their work has nothing to do with anti-Semitism.
The accusation is based on “Dangerous Liaison: The Inside Story of the U.S.-Israeli Covert Relationship,” a book Cockburn… published '91.
It examines the relationship between the United States and Israel and alleges the two nations have contributed to international instability — shesnottrump (@shesnottrump) 25 мая 2018 г.
Follow-up: why is Cockburn so bad? Them critique of Israel seems over-the-top, but I don't see it as anti-Semitic. — Evan Rosenman (@EvanRosenman) 23 мая 2018 г.
To call Cockburn's reporting anti-semitic is an outrageous example of conflating criticism of Israel (in this case of Mossad specifically) with anti-semitism. Cockburn is a highly regarded journalism with a great record of exposing the truth behind official cover-ups. — Jim Hannon (@Jim_Hannon) 24 мая 2018 г.
Some disagreed, however, blasting Cockburn for their stance on Israel.
El rapero Snoop Dogg acaba de entrar en el libro Guinness de los récords al elaborar el gin tonic más grande del mundo: 500 litros nada más y nada menos.
New record: Largest paradise cocktail🍹🏖
Yesterday at @BottleRockNapa festival in California, USA this cocktail measuring over 132 US gallons (500 litres) was presented by chef @MVoltaggio with @SnoopDogg, @regulator & @WilliamsSonoma#BottleRock2018 pic.twitter.com/8gTr4zqCy0
ISTANBUL May 3 A partnership of Turkish white-goods maker Arcelik and LG Klima will produce commercial air conditioners with the LG brand, extending their agreement until 2023, it said on Wednesday.
The partnership plans an investment of some 200 million liras ($57 million) in commercial air conditioners and new technology, Arcelik Turkiye CEO Can Dincer said in a statement.
Arcelik and Koc Holding signed a joint venture agreement to manage operations of the Arcelik-LG Klima partnership at the end of October last year. Under the deal, Arcelik obtains the exclusive rights to sell LG branded commercial air conditioners in Turkey, effective from April 2017. ($1 = 3.5346 liras) (Reporting by Ebru Tuncay; Writing by Ezgi Erkoyun; Editing by Daren Butler)
WhoIs: where are you?
In April 2016, the European Union (EU) Parliament approved the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The GDPR will repeal the existing Data Protection Directive in the EU when it comes into force on 25 May 2018.
By Somayya Khan, partner at Adams & Adams Attorneys and Kim Rampersadh, senior associate at Adams & Adams Attorneys
The GDPR is intended to give back control to EU citizens over their personal data and to harmonise data privacy laws across Europe.
While the GDPR is effectively EU legislation, its provisions are far reaching as it is applicable to organisations within and outside the EU which offer services or process information of EU citizens. Companies that hold or process the information of citizens residing in the EU will be affected by the GDPR, regardless of the company's geographical location.
The GDPR requires, inter alia, data minimisation and specifically calls for data controllers to hold and process only the data absolutely necessary for the completion of its duties. It also limits access to personal data to those needing to act out the processing of that data. Data subjects may also request that data controllers erase their personal information and cease dissemination of that information to third parties, subject to this right being weighed up against the public interest in the availability of the data in question.
One corporation that will be affected by the implementation of the GDPR is The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN). ICANN's primary focus is the management of the internet's global Domain Name System (DNS). Its responsibilities include policy development for the internalisation of the DNS. Central to the DNS is the WhoIs database which draws data from all ICANN accredited Domain Name Registries responsible for facilitating the registration of domain names.
The WhoIs database as we know it, provides access to publicly available information containing the domain name owner's or registrant's details, administrative contact and technical information. This information is utilised by authorities in matters relating to cybercrime and other forms of criminal activity. Also, in cases of domain name disputes, trademark infringement and counterfeiting cases for the purposes of identifying the registrant and making contact to enforce the rights of IP holders. The enactment of the GDPR will change the information accessible on the WhoIs record.
ICANN has proposed an interim model to enable Domain Name Registries and Registrars to comply with the data privacy requirements under the GDPR whilst trying to preserve as much of the currently publicly available WhoIs information as possible. It is expected that the registrant contact information will be redacted. Naturally, this change has sparked fierce debate and criticism from Governments, Law enforcement authorities, stakeholders and especially IP holders amongst others, who rely on WhoIs registrant information for enforcement of the law and IP rights, as the case may be.
To date, there has been no consensus on the implementation of the interim model and ICANN has been criticised for over-interpreting the provisions of the GDPR.
Specific aspects of the interim model that have attracted criticism are the proposal for anonymous or pseudonymous registrant email addresses, the global application of the model as opposed to limiting
its territorial scope to the EU connection via the Registrant or Registrar, and the model's failure to draw any distinction between natural and legal persons.
It was also hoped that the interim model would include an accreditation model allowing, at least, access to WhoIs information that is controlled by Domain Name Registrars, but the model has drawn criticism in that it has not made any proposals on accreditation and how registrant information can be accessed.
At the recent ICANN61 meetings in Puerto Rico, ICANN invited input on an accreditation model from stakeholders. The process of putting together an accreditation model continues without any certainty as to whether or not a model will be in place or if interim measures will be taken to allow access to registrant information by 25 May 2018.
Considering the lack of consensus surrounding the implementation of the interim model and an accreditation model, it seems that WhoIs for gTLD's as we know it, will no longer exist and will possibly go “dark” on 25 May 2018. This will have an impact on Law enforcement and will prevent IP holders, among others from being able to contact registrants to enforce their rights against online infringements during the period of seemingly indefinite darkness.
The compliance of our own Domain Name Authority with the GDPR in so far as it affects EU citizens seems inevitable. With the advent of our own data privacy laws (i.e. the Protection of Personal Information Act) which was drafted in line with international trends, it is likely that South Africa will follow suit with the models proposed by ICANN.
While discussions regarding the implementation of the GDPR and its effect on the WhoIs database continue, interested persons and IP holders are encouraged to provide comments to ICANN and EU DPAs directly regarding concerns on the interim and accreditation models. So, come 25 May 2018, we don't have to go looking for Who they or they are.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - The guarantor states of the Syrian ceasefire — Russia, Iran and Turkey — should ensure the truce in the war-torn Arab country in line with the agreements reached during the Astana reconciliation talks, EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said on Tuesday.
"I sent a letter… to the three Astana guarantors, simply reminding them the responsibility to implement their own decisions. The Astana process had brought some hope on the possibility of calming down the situation in terms of military activities but that seems very long ago and that seems gone. And I believe they have not only the responsibility but also an interest in making the ceasefire work, in implementing the latest UN Security Council resolution," Mogherini said at a joint press conference with UN Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura.
READ MORE: Russia to Proceed With Implementing UNSC Truce Resolution in Eastern Ghouta
The EU foreign policy chief called on the parties to the Syrian conflict to ensure humanitarian access to the areas hit by hostilities.
"We need the arms to be silent for humanitarian reasons and for political reasons. That is the European Union's position," Mogherini said.
De Mistura echoed Mogherini, saying that the three guarantor states had to do their job — ensure de-scalation of tensions in Syria.
"There is a job that Astana three countries are supposed to do. And they claim they want to do it. That is de-escalation. We have seen recently the opposite — escalation… We expect them to do the job," de Mistura said.
The envoy pointed out that it was impossible to ask the United Nations and the European Union "to do a miracle," while the major actors were not doing their job in a proper way.
Astana has hosted eight rounds of talks on the Syrian settlement with the most recent one held in December. The Astana process gave a fresh impetus to the reconciliation process in Syria, however, the situation in the country significantly escalated within last several months.
READ MORE: UK Minister: Syrian Strikes Aimed to Defend People by Destroying Chemical Weapon
© AP Photo / Hassan Ammar Only Goal of French Airstrikes on Syria Was to ‘Label Assad as Enemy' – MEP
The situation in Syria seriously escalated over the past several weeks after a number of media outlets and Western countries accused Damascus of using chemical weapons in the town of Douma. The Syrian government and Russia have refuted the allegations, saying that the alleged attack in Duma was staged by militants and the White Helmets organization to influence public opinion and justify possible foreign intervention.
On April 14, the United States, France and the United Kingdom carried out a missile attack on a number of targets in Syria, including the facilities in Barzeh and Jamraya, in response to the alleged attack in Duma. According to the Russian Defense Ministry, a total of 103 cruise missiles were launched by the United States and its allies, 71 of which were intercepted by Syria's air defense systems.
With memories of eight recent deadly school shootings still fresh, a video game with the suggestive name "Active Shooter" was destined to evoke horror.
The plot is quite simple: you either choose to be part of the SWAT team that turns up at a shooting location to deal with an accident — or you assume the role of an assailant shooting down students. Revived Games, which developed the new game, separately offered a so-called "civilian" version, also on the Steam hosting site, where players simply try to survive as civilians in an active shooting scenario.
Those affected by gun violence, as well as social media users in general, immediately stood up against the hair-raising game, its developer, the website that hosts it and the publisher ACID. Stream quickly removed the game from its platform after a specially launched petition on change.org racked up over 200,000 signatures.
[SS of Info drop & rants 😉 from a few days ago or something. ]
You have BEEN HEARD! Wellll done to every single person that stood up against this game!
ACTIVE SHOOTER has been DROPPED by Steam! 👏 pic.twitter.com/KvgPQ8WQIo — ☤𝒮☤ (@Ravagiing) 30 мая 2018 г.
Active Shooter's now gone from Steam. The developer was a notorious asset flipper under a new name to boot.
So yeah, definitely a hill worth perishing on, that one. — Jim Sterling (@JimSterling) 30 мая 2018 г.
"I have seen and heard many horrific things over the past few months since my daughter was the victim of a school shooting and is now dead in real life. This game may be one of the worst," wrote Fred Guttenberg, whose daughter Jaime died in the Parkland School shooting in Florida in February in which 17 were killed.
Just heard on the radio that a video game is set to come out that the goal is to be an active school shooter. You can play the role of the shooter or Swat team. What the hell is wrong with people! How can you profit off the death of children???? #NeverAgain — Kelly Rossi (@klynnrossi) 29 мая 2018 г.
The company that made "Active Shooter" is repulsive, and should go belly up ASAP. However the answer is not to allow our Government to pull the game. This is exactly what liberals want. "Censor" them by not buying the game and not letting your kids buy it. — Curt Schilling (@gehrig38) 29 мая 2018 г.
Some users, however, view the game solely as a drill:
I just dreamt I disarmed an active school shooter with a wand and a couple of solid Hermion Granger charms, jesus, why is that a thing — Tatum Dahl (@tatedoll) 28 мая 2018 г.
There are already other shooting games that allow people to roleplay mass rampages, including the extremely popular Grand Theft Auto. Active Shooter gave a new twist to the debate, raising questions as to whether a game can offer a platform to train and meticulously plan shooting attacks.
The right to carry guns and the debate over the Second Amendment to the US Constitution, which enshrines it, continue to be hot topics in the US.
In one of most recent attacks, the May 18 shooting in Sante Fe, Texas, 10 people were killed and another 10 injured.
(Repeats to more subscribers)
By Michel Rose and Sudip Kar-Gupta
PARIS, March 29 French former Prime Minister Manuel Valls said on Wednesday they would vote for Emmanuel Macron in the coming presidential election, the biggest Socialist party name to date to turn their back on its official candidate and back the centrist instead.
Valls, a Socialist himself, said the election was wide-open and they would do all they could to ensure that far-right leader Marine Le Pen, second-placed in opinion polls did not win power.
"I'm not going to take any risks," Valls told BFM TV. "I will vote for Emmanuel Macron."
French opinion polls show Macron winning the election in a second-round vote where they would face off against Le Pen with Socialist Benoit Hamon set for a humiliating fifth place in the first round eliminator.
Valls said their choice did not mean they would campaign behind the 39 year-old Macron - a fellow minister in President Francois Hollande's government from 2014, but who quit last year to prepare a presidential bid under their own political banner En Marche! (Onwards!).
"I have nothing to negotiate and am not asking for anything, I'm not joining their camp," Valls said.
Valls' endorsement is a mixed blessing for Macron, who has sought to avoid being cast as the candidate of the unpopular outgoing Socialist administration, instead pitching themselves as willing to bridge the traditional left-right political divide.
"I'm suspicious of the hidden agenda of politicians," Macron told a news conference on Tuesday amid growing talk that Valls was about to make their intentions known.
Valls, who lost to radical leftwinger Benoit Hamon in the primaries, is seen as waiting in the wings to pick up the pieces of the Socialist party after the presidential race and build a reformist force in parliament to get a say in a Macron parliamentary majority.
The pro-business former premier has been scathing about their former education minister.
Hamon signed a motion of no-confidence against Valls' government last year, when the ruling Socialists split over a controversial labour reform led by Valls.
On Wednesday, Hamon shot back.
"I'm not surprised," they told France 2 television. "This sort of soap opera is meant to weaken me. I'm running my campaign by talking about the French's daily life, not Valls' life."
(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta and Michel Rose; Editing by Brian Love and Andrew Callus)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
ESCONDIDO, Calif. – Two children sparked a small fire in an Escondido church after finding a lighter in a classroom, fire officials said.
Escondido firefighters and police were dispatched just before 1 p.m. Sunday in response to a report of a possible structure fire somewhere near South Escondido Boulevard and West Seventh Avenue, Battalion Chief Mike Bertrand said. Officers arrived on scene first and discovered the blaze was inside the Iglesia Bautista Fundamental meeting house at 221 West Seventh Ave.
“Officers ensured that the building had been evacuated, as church services had just concluded, and confirmed that the fire was located in a second-floor classroom,” Bertrand said. “Escondido fire units arrived on scene and were able to contain the fire to the room of origin.”
Crews knocked down the flames in eights minutes, Bertrand said. Five engines and one water truck responded, and no firefighters or churchgoers were injured.
A fire investigator responded to the scene and determined that two children started the blaze with a lighter they found in the classroom, Bertrand said. Fire officials said the incident is a reminder to ensure matches and lighters are stored safely and that all buildings have a fire evacuation plan.
FOIA to be implemented in phases…BUT WHEN? WHEN? WHEN??
NASSAU, The Bahamas – The Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), 2017, will be brought into effect in phases in The Bahamas in order to ensure that all the preparatory work and training that is necessary to fully implement the regime, are in place.
“This will better ensure the effectiveness of the regime,” Prime Minister, Dr. the Hon. Hubert A. Minnis said Monday (April 23, 2018).
Addressing the Opening Session of a Workshop on the Freedom of Information Act, 2017, hosted by the Office of the Attorney-General and Ministry of Legal Affairs at the Paul H. Farquharson Conference Centre, Police Headquarters, Prime Minister Minnis said freedom of information, or the right to access information, is considered “an essential component of a modern democracy.”
Monday's workshop sessions were facilitated by Mr. Damian Cox, Chief Technical Officer in the Office of the Prime Minister, Jamaica, and Mr. Shane Miller, Assistant Director of Legal Affairs, Ministry of Legal Affairs, The Bahamas. Mr. Cox was involved in the implementation of Jamaica's Access to Information Act, which is equivalent to the Bahamas' Freedom of Information Act.
The workshop included an Outline/Overview of the Bahamas FOIA, facilitated by Assistant Director Miller and also focused on Critical Components of Successful Freedom of Information Implementation and Jamaica's Access to Information Experience – Challenges, Successes and Opportunities, both facilitated by Chief Technical Officer Cox.
It was attended by Members of the Cabinet of The Bahamas, the Senate President, Speaker of the House of Assembly, Parliamentary Secretaries, the Vice-President of the Senate, Deputy Speaker of the House of Assembly, Members of the Senate and House of Assembly, Secretary to the Cabinet, Financial Secretary, Senior Law Enforcement officials, Permanent Secretaries and other Senior Government Officials.
“Meaningful and productive” workshops with the public sector and civil society groups are scheduled to be held over the next several days.
“The Model Inter-American Law on Access to Public Information” states in its preamble that the Inter-American Court of Human Rights formally recognized the right of access to information as part of the fundamental rights to freedom of expression; that access to information is a fundamental right and an essential condition for all democratic societies and that the right of access to information is based on the principle of maximum disclosure.”
Prime Minister Minnis said the Act is intended to ensure general public access to government information.
The Prime Minister said there are a number of safeguards for the protection of an individual's sensitive, personal data and that the Act further ensures the protection of national security matters, legal privilege and certain government communications.
“With the exception of these carve outs or exemptions, the Act provides the public wide access to records,” Prime Minister Minnis added.
The objectives of the Freedom of Information Act, 2017, as outlined in Section Four are to reinforce and give further effect to certain fundamental principles underlying the system of constitutional democracy, namely: governmental accountability; and transparency and public participation in national decision-making by granting to the public, a general right of access to records held by a public authority.
Access to records will be subject to exemptions that balance the right of access and non-disclosure of governmental or commercial information in the public interest.
“I am pleased that we are beginning the full training and implementation phase of the Freedom of Information regime,” Prime Minister Minnis said. “We look forward to meaningful and productive workshops with the public sector and civil society groups over the next several days.”
Electric vehicles have proven themselves to be superior to their internal combustion rivals and are well suited for SVG and vincentians.
That's according to Energy Officer Leshawn Monroes of Promoting Access to Clean Energy Project (PACES), as they spoke at a workshop held earlier this week highlighting the results of tests conducted on an electric vehicle to determine its compatibility to SVG.
Monroes said given the data received it shows that these vehicles can adequately maneuver through SVG's terrain both in terms of to hilly topography and the winding nature of the road network.
Monroes added that in comparison to the internal combustion variants the electric vehicle is more cost effective than most of the vehicles present in use here.
The paces project officer took the opportunity to highlight a feature of the electric vehicles which improves its over energy use.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
THE body of missing Perth woman Alison Raspa has been found four months after they disappeared at a Canadian ski-resort.
The 25-year-old was last seen in late November leaving their workplace at the Three Below Bar in Whistler.
Royal Canadian Mounted Police have confirmed remains found at Alpha Lake on Friday belong to the Perth woman.
The cause of death has not been confirmed however police say it does not appear suspicious.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN DIEGO -- A chain-reaction crash in the Cajon Pass left at least 17 people injured and prompted a partial closure of Interstate 15 for several hours Wednesday.
The 20-vehicle pileup occurred shortly after 10:40 a.m. on southbound I-15 north of Highway 138, according the California Highway Patrol.
Two people were transported with life-threatening injuries, Eric Sherwin of the San Bernardino County Fire Department told KTLA. Fifteen others received minor injuries, but it was not immediately clear how many were transported.
The pileup occurred amid heavy fog in the area, with "extremely low visibility" of up to about 100 feet reported in the area, according to authorities. Fog was impacting the northbound lanes from Cleghorn to the top of pass.
The crash and subsequent closure caused a major traffic jam in the area, with vehicles backed up to the area to at least Main Street in Hesperia as of 11:30 a.m., according to officials.
By early afternoon, all lanes had been reopened, the CHP said.
Get more details at KTLA.com.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — A Sputnik freelance correspondent in Yemen, who had been captured by Houthi rebels, has not been heard from since Tuesday, their wife told Sputnik Monday.
The correspondent, who has been working for Sputnik in Yemen, went missing on December 3 after the Houthis had established control over Yemen Today's broadcasting station in Sanaa that belonged to former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh.
Two days later, two separate sources told Sputnik that the reporter was being held by Houthi rebels, while their relatives said that they hadn't been available for several days. Later on, journalists went on a hunger strike to protest their detention.
READ MORE: Houthis Deny Yemeni Ex-President's Burial Amid Ongoing Investigation
Clashes in the Yemeni capital of Sanaa erupted in late November between former allies — the Houthis and supporters of former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh after the latter announced that they were ready to turn "a new page" in relations with the Saudi-led coalition, which had been fighting the Shiite movement since 2015 at the request of President Hadi, in a move called "deceitful" by the Shiite movement.
Saleh was killed by the Houthis during the clashes on December 4 and buried five days later.
A Northwestern Medicine study, published in the journal Cancer Cell, has provided new insights into a mechanism of tumor survival in glioblastoma and demonstrated that inhibiting the process could enhance the effects of radiation therapy.
Glioblastoma is the most common and aggressive type of brain tumor, with a particularly poor prognosis. Patients are treated with surgery, radiation therapy and chemotherapy, but there is no cure.
Previous research has suggested that autophagy -- a natural process of cell destruction that also plays a protective role under stress conditions -- contributes to tumor survival and growth, and is induced by common cancer treatments, rendering tumor resistance to therapies. As such, there has been significant interest in inhibiting this survival mechanism.
In the current study, the scientists sought to understand the molecular mechanisms regulating autophagy in the cancer, which could reveal novel targets for future treatments.
"Our findings solidified the concept of the promoting role of autophagy in malignant glioblastoma, and point out the necessity of specifically targeting autophagy in combination with first-line treatments -- like radiation -- for glioblastoma and other tumors," said principal investigator Shi-Yuan Cheng, PhD, professor of Neurology in the Division of Neuro-Oncology, and a member of the Lou and Jean Malnati Brain Tumor Institute at Northwestern Medicine and the Robert H. Lurie Comprehensive Cancer Center of Northwestern University.
In the study, the scientists first established that a protein kinase called MST4 plays a tumor-promoting role in glioblastoma. They then identified, for the first time, the substrate of MST4, called ATG4B, which mediates MST4's tumor-promoting role through increasing autophagic activity.
The team further demonstrated that radiation induces MST4 expression and ATG4B phosphorylation, thus promoting the autophagy process that contributes to tumor survival.
Finally, the scientists investigated the effect of an inhibitor of ATG4B in a brain orthotopic xenograft model of glioblastoma. They showed that when used in combination with radiotherapy, the inhibitor significantly slowed tumor growth and increased overall survival rates of tumor-bearing animals.
"We identified a pro-autophagic signaling axis in glioblastoma, whose pharmacologic inhibition enhances the anti-tumor activity of radiation," Cheng explained, noting that the findings have the potential to be translated into clinical treatments.
###
Cheng was also co-author of a separate study, published in Nature Communications in November, that identified a protein called TRIM24 as a transcriptional co-activator in glioblastomas driven by mutations in the gene for epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). The paper suggests that TRIM24 may be a potential therapeutic target in such cancers.
The Cancer Cell study was also co-authored by first author Tianzhi Huang, PhD, a postdoctoral fellow in Cheng's lab; Roger Stupp, MD, chief of Neuro-Oncology in the Department of Neurology; C. David James, PhD, professor of Neurological Surgery and of Biochemistry and Molecular Genetics; John Kessler, MD, the Ken and Ruth Davee Professor of Stem Cell Biology; Craig Horbinski, MD, PhD, associate professor of Pathology and Neurological Surgery; Bo Hu, PhD, research associate professor of Neurology in the Division of Neuro-Oncology; and Cheng lab members Angel Alvarez, PhD, Xuechao Wan, PhD, Xiao Song, PhD, Yongyong Yang, PhD, and Namratha Sastry.
The study was supported by National Institutes of Health grants NS093843, NS095634, CA158911; a Brain Cancer Research Award from the James S. McDonnell Foundation; L32 MD010147 and T32 CA070085, CA163205, CA175875, NS083767, CA159467, NS080619, NS081774, LM012011, LM011673, CA155764, AA021751, and the Lou and Jean Malnati Brain Tumor Institute at Northwestern Medicine.
SYRACUSE, N.Y. — De'Andre Hunter scored 15 points, Kyle Guy added 14 and second-ranked Virginia smothered struggling Syracuse 59-44 on Saturday.
Virginia (22-1, 11-0 Atlantic Coast Conference), which beat the Orange 68-61 in January, has won 14 straight and is off to its best start in conference play since the days of Ralph Sampson, who led the 1980-81 team to a 12-0 start.
Syracuse (15-8, 4-6), in desperate need of a signature victory, was coming off a four-point loss at Wake Forest in which it shot 30 per cent (15 of 50), and the offensive futility continued against the nation's best scoring defence.
The Orange shot under 40 per cent in the January loss to the Cavaliers and fared worse the second time around. Syracuse finished 17 of 50 (34 per cent) and its 44 points were its fewest ever in the Carrier Dome.
The Orange needed big games from its top three scorers — Tyus Battle, Frank Howard, and Oshae Brissett — and they didn't deliver. Battle finished with 15 points on 6-of-17 shooting, Howard was 4 of 17 for 11 points and Brissett had nine points. Syracuse was 4 of 20 from beyond the arc.
Syracuse entered the game ranked fourth in the nation in field-goal percentage defence (37.7 per cent), just behind Virginia, but the Cavaliers exhibited their usual patience on offence and hit 12 of 24 shots in the first half to take a 10-point lead at the break. None came from second-leading scorer Devon Hall, who missed the only shot they attempted.
As expected, the game was a methodical, slow-paced slog with each team repeatedly shooting at the end of the shot clock, especially the Orange. The Cavaliers, who never trailed, found room inside the Orange's 2-3 zone and hit three jumpers from the foul line in the opening 15 minutes.
Virginia built its biggest lead of the period with help from the long ball during an 11-0 run late. Ty Jerome hit a 3 from the top of the key with 6:32 left for a 23-18 lead and Hunter hit another from the left corner just over two minutes later.
Jerome's second 3 of the period completed the surge and was a beauty of teamwork. Instead of going up for a putback after a strong rebound under the basket, Isaiah Wilkins zipped a pass to the right corner to a wide-open Jerome, and they swished it.
Syracuse managed just one basket in the final seven minutes, a 3 by Battle with just under a minute left as the Orange were held to 8-of-23 shooting (34.8 per cent), 3 of 11 from beyond the arc (27.3).
By: News Staff
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (WLNE) — Mayor Jorge Elorza is meeting with education officials Monday to discuss abuse allegations at Providence Public Schools.
This comes after several Providence teachers have been placed on leave accused of sexual or physical misconduct.
The Providence Teachers' Union requested the meeting to go over teachers' concerns.
The superintendent and school board leadership will also be on hand.
©WLNE-TV /ABC6 2017
The treatment of left main coronary artery disease by percutaneous coronary intervention is associated with a smaller risk of severe cardiovascular events than coronary artery bypass grafting in the weeks following surgery. A meta-analysis of several trials and nearly 5,000 patients revealed no differences in mortality between the two treatments. The finding is significant when it comes to selecting the form of treatment: percutaneous coronary intervention is less burdensome on the patient, as it does not require long-term hospitalisation and enables rapid return to work.
The prognosis of left main coronary artery disease is worse than in any other form of coronary artery disease. The treatment options include percutaneous coronary intervention and coronary artery bypass grafting. In European and American treatment guidelines, coronary artery bypass grafting is generally regarded as the first-line treatment for severe left main coronary artery disease. However, some studies have suggested that percutaneous coronary intervention with drug-releasing stent implantation would also be a recommendable course of treatment in the severe form of the disease, but the evidence has been inconsistent.
A new study by investigators from the University of Eastern Finland and Oulu University Hospital compared percutaneous coronary intervention with drug-releasing stent implantation and coronary artery bypass grafting in the treatment of left main coronary artery disease. The authors pooled evidence from six comparable, randomised, controlled trials involving 4,700 people.
The researchers analysed all available randomized studies among patients who had undergone percutaneous coronary intervention or coronary artery bypass grafting, comparing their risk of all-cause mortality, major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events, and other cardiovascular events at time points of 30 days, one year and three years after surgery. There were no differences between the treatments as regards the risk of death, or cardiac or cerebrovascular events. Percutaneous coronary intervention patients needed repetitive interventions more often over the years.
According to the researchers, the findings suggest that percutaneous coronary intervention with drug-releasing stent implantation should be more frequently considered as a treatment option for patients suffering from left main coronary artery disease. There are no differences in mortality between patients of percutaneous coronary intervention and patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting, and as percutaneous coronary intervention is less burdensome on the patient both from the viewpoint of quality of life and functional capacity, it is an option worth considering.
###
The results of the meta-analysis were published in Open Heart.
Laukkanen JA, et al. Open Heart 2017;0:e000638. doi:10.1136/openhrt-2017-000638
For further information, please contact: Jari Laukkanen, University of Eastern Finland, tel. +358 50 5053013, email: jariantero.laukkanen@uef.fi
Timo Mäkikallio, Oulu University Hospital, tel. +358 400 547844, email: timo.makikallio@ppshp.fi
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
Summit talk turns warmer; Trump says 'talking to them now'
Summit talk turns warmer; Trump says 'talking to them now'
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
New guidelines say US adults should begin colon cancer screenings at 45, not 50.
New guidelines say US adults should begin colon cancer screenings at 45, not 50.
(NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP). This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red. According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on We...
(NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP). This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red. According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on We...
Cancer group says colon screening should start at 45, not 50
Cancer group says colon screening should start at 45, not 50
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get their appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get their appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows their actions went beyond dubious doctoring.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows theirs actions...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as their colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as their colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
In New York, a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets.
In New York, a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets.
Starbucks will close more than 8,000 stores nationwide Tuesday to conduct anti-bias training.
Starbucks will close more than 8,000 stores nationwide Tuesday to conduct anti-bias training.
(AP Photo/Ron Todt, File). FILE – In this April 15, 2018, file photo, demonstrators protest outside the Starbucks cafe in Philadelphia where two black men were arrested three days earlier for waiting inside without ordering anything. On Tuesday, May 29...
(AP Photo/Ron Todt, File). FILE – In this April 15, 2018, file photo, demonstrators protest outside the Starbucks cafe in Philadelphia where two black men were arrested three days earlier for waiting inside without ordering anything. On Tuesday, May 29...
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with their son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with their son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
Only 1 in 10 will advance at National Spelling Bee
Only 1 in 10 will advance at National Spelling Bee
A Kentucky fire official says about a dozen people received medical attention after an explosion damaged a UPS freight hub in Lexington.
A Kentucky fire official says about a dozen people received medical attention after an explosion damaged a UPS freight hub in Lexington.
Authorities say a New Jersey police officer took part in the assault of a patient at a hospital and recorded another assault of the same patient on their cellphone, then didn't report either incident.
Authorities say a New Jersey police officer took part in the assault of a patient at a hospital and recorded another assault of the same patient on their cellphone, then didn't report either incident.
(Nick Tomecek/Northwest Florida Daily News via AP). Okaloosa Beach Safety lifeguard Doug Brown instructs beachgoers on Okaloosa Island in Fort Walton Beach, Fla., Monday, May 28, 2018, as Subtropical Storm Alberto approaches the Gulf Coast. The storm's...
(AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa, File). FILE - In this Sept. 29, 2017 file photo, police lift the coffin that contain the remains of fellow officer Luis Angel Gonzalez Lorenzo, who was killed while trying to cross a river in their car during the passage of Hurr...
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Mindy Borkson, of Hollywood, Fla., walks through a bed of seaweed washed up along the beach, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at Dr. Von D. Mizell-Eula Johnson State Park in Dania Beach. Fla.. They often collect...
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Mindy Borkson, of Hollywood, Fla., walks through a bed of seaweed washed up along the beach, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at Dr. Von D. Mizell-Eula Johnson State Park in Dania Beach. Fla.. They often collect...
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as their colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
MARION, N.C. (AP) - Mudslides triggered by the soggy remnants of Alberto forced evacuations below a dam early Wednesday and closed a highway in western North Carolina as the center of the storm lashed the nation's midsection hundreds of miles away.
About 2,000 people were evacuated for several hours after emergency managers said the Lake Tahoma dam was in danger of "imminent failure." Heavy rain triggered landslides at the dam and along Interstate 40, which was closed near Asheville.
Engineers inspected the dam further in daylight and McDowell County officials announced in a public alert just after 10 a.m. Wednesday the dam was safe and people could return to their homes.
The evacuation was ordered because engineers wanted to play it safe until they could do more inspections after sunrise, McDowell County Emergency Management deputy director Adrienne Jones told The Associated Press.
Several schools were closed in western North Carolina because of flooding.
The center of a depression that had been Alberto was about 400 miles (640 kilometers) west near Hopkinsville, Kentucky, where Sherry Key had a fitful night of sleep because of high winds and heavy rains.
"I have dogs and they're terribly afraid of storms, so they were on top me all night," said Key, an airport office manager.
Radar showed rain extended as far south as the Gulf Coast, where the storm came ashore at the Florida Panhandle on Monday, to the Great Lakes region.
Forecasters warned the leftovers of the Atlantic hurricane season's first named storm were still capable of causing treacherous flooding as heavy precipitation spreads deeper into the nation's midsection. Flash flood watches and warnings were in effect for parts of several states from Alabama through Tennessee, Kentucky, Illinois, the Carolinas and Virginia and West Virginia.
The weather service at the Greenville-Spartanburg airport in South Carolina said the rainfall of 1.76 inches (4.4 centimeters) on Tuesday broke a record dating to 1976.
In the mountains of western North Carolina, Jones said about 200 residents spent the night in three shelters, set up in Marion, Old Fort and Glenwood. They said five minor injuries have been reported during water rescues as creeks and streams overflowed their banks and rock slides closed roads.
The big, messy storm caused more than 25,000 power outages in Alabama, many of which were caused by trees rooted in soggy soil falling across utility lines.
"We've had a lot of rain, but we got lucky. It was a constant rain but not a heavy rain," said Regina Myers, emergency management director in Walker County northwest of Birmingham.
Alberto was more of a rainstorm than a wind threat, but the National Weather Service said at least one tornado had been confirmed.
The weather service said its meteorologists confirmed a weak tornado with maximum winds of 85 mph (147 kph) hit an area around Cameron, South Carolina, on Monday afternoon. No one was hurt.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
April 28 Aaron's Inc
* Aaron's Inc reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.66, revenue view $834.2 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 earnings per share $0.74
* Q1 revenue $844.6 million versus $854.4 million
* Q1 non-GAAP earnings per share $0.80
* Same store revenues (revenues earned in company-operated stores open for entirety of both quarters) decreased 9.3% during Q1 of 2017
* Identified approximately 70 additional stores to be closed in Q2 of 2017
* Says outlook company issued on February 17, 2017 remains unchanged
* Continues to expect it will incur aggregate pre-tax charge of about $13 million in 2017 with respect to stores identified for closure
* FY2017 earnings per share view $2.30, revenue view $3.20 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Speech to Text for Rivet beats Barr-Reeve
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
in the finals at the loogootee sectional... barr-reeve tries to guard rivet's grace waggoner one on one, not a good idea ... easy bucket for the patriot star... they score 15. barr-reeve guard moriah bullock banks two off the glass and draws the foul.. vikings down six.. macee hamilton with a big game for rivet, they splash home a three.. the sophomore pouring in 13 points... vincennes rivet wins 54-33... patriots capture their ninth sectional title in the last 11 years.. at clay city.. the eels in the championship game
The rebooted show “Roseanne” was canceled Tuesday afternoon, according to ABC Entertainment, hours after the show's star Roseanne Barr posted a racist tweet. “Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel their show,” said Channing Dungey, president of ABC Entertainment, in a statement.
Barr, a vocal Trump supporter, attacked a Valerie Jarrett, a former White House adviser to former President Barack Obama and a longtime Obama confidante, on Tuesday morning in a since-deleted tweet, writing: “Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj.” The tweet was in response to a conspiracy-laden Twitter thread accusing Jarrett of helping to cover up CIA spying.
The backlash was swift, with many calling their tweet racist.
Replace "bizarre" with "racist" and you've got a headline. Why are people dancing around this? It's not complicated. https://t.co/DK2HhMY6FA — Ben White (@morningmoneyben) May 29, 2018
How in the world does @ABC & @Disney justify this? Roseanne literally just said that Valerie Jarrett, who was Senior Advisor to President Obama, is like the Muslim Brotherhood & Planet of the Apes having a baby. This is the gross normalization of bigotry in America. https://t.co/zPYE1nBGPA — Shaun King (@ShaunKing) May 29, 2018
Later in the morning, “Roseanne” consulting producer Wanda Sykes had announced they would be leaving the show. Cast member Emma Kenney said they were “hurt, embarrassed, and disappointed. The racist and distasteful comments from Roseanne are inexcusable.” Barr's talent agency, ICM Partners, said it has dropped them as a client.
“We are all greatly distressed by the disgraceful and unacceptable tweet from Roseanne Barr this morning,” ICM Partners said in a statement Tuesday. “What they wrote is antithetical to our core values, both as individuals and as an agency. Consequently, we have notified them that we will not represent them Effective immediately, Roseanne Barr is no longer a client.”
I will not be returning to @RoseanneOnABC. — Wanda Sykes (@iamwandasykes) May 29, 2018
Barr deleted their tweet and apologized for it, saying that it had been in “bad taste” and that they were “truly sorry for making a bad joke” about Jarrett's politics and appearance. They also said they would be leaving Twitter, though it was not clear if they meant they would be leaving permanently.
I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans. I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about their politics and them looks. I should have known better. Forgive me-my joke was in bad taste. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 29, 2018
I apologize. I am now leaving Twitter. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 29, 2018 Jarrett, who is African-American and was born in Iran, was one of Obama's longest-serving advisers. They have no known ties to the Muslim Brotherhood. Late Tuesday, Viacom said “Roseanne” reruns would no longer air on its cable networks. Tuesday night, Barr returned to Twitter, retweeting a number of supportive messages and conspiracy theories, and apologizing to the cast and crew “who lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet.” Sorry to have tweeted incorrect info about you!I Please forgive me! By the way, George Soros is a nazi who turned in their fellow Jews 2 be murdered in German concentration camps & stole their wealth-were you aware of that? But, we all make mistakes, right Chelsea? — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 29, 2018 Earlier Tuesday morning, Barr had appeared to add their voice to the disproved conspiracy theory that Chelsea Clinton is married to a nephew of billionaire investor George Soros, a major Democratic donor, tweeting: “Chelsea Soros Clinton.” Barr later tweeted an apology after Chelsea Clinton, who is married to investment banker Marc Mezvinsky, refuted those claims. But they continued to attack Soros. Both of those Barr posts were retweeted by Donald Trump Jr.'s Twitter account. Barr has a history of making false, misleading claims on Twitter. In March, they accused Parkland, Fla., school shooting survivor David Hogg of performing a Nazi salute. They later deleted the tweet, saying the image they had seen of Hogg was doctored and they had been mistaken. They also tweeted their support of a conspiracy theory that alleges the involvement of high-profile Democrats and other famous individuals in child sex-trafficking rings, writing: “President Trump has freed so many children held in bondage to pimps all over this world. Hundreds each month. They have broken up trafficking rings in high places everywhere. notice that. I disagree on some things, but give them benefit of doubt-4 now.” That tweet was also later deleted. With its March premiere drawing over 18 million viewers, the rebooted “Roseanne” has been a hit for ABC, which is owned by the Walt Disney Co. At the same time, though, there were growing calls over the past few months for Disney and ABC to address the star's behavior.
Neuromodulation devices are used to carry out a process by which a neuron uses one or more neurotransmitters to regulate other populations of neurons. Neuromodulation is a physiological process by which nervous activity is regulated by controlling the physiological levels of several classes of neurotransmitters. One of the fastest growing sectors of the medical devices market, the neuromodulation devices market is estimated to reach a value of US$7.1 bn by 2018, expanding at a CAGR of 14.4% in the period from 2012 to 2018.
Neuromodulation devices are used to provide relief to a patient through modulation or alteration of nervous system function. Neuromodulation functions by stimulating the nerves to produce responses that are natural or by the application of small doses of medicines directly at the site where required. Due to an increase in the adoption of minimally invasive treatment options and medical tourism, the market for neuromodulation devices is expected to grow in the next decade.
View Report: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/global-neuromodulation-devices-market.htm
The report addresses questions related to the neuromodulation devices market such as the details about the various segments and sub-segments of the neuromodulation devices market, the current and future trends, the growth drivers, and the factors inhibiting the market. Collated by expert market analysts, the study can be used for expansion, competition monitoring, and for investing in the neuromodulation devices market.
Overview of the Neuromodulation Devices Market
The global neuromodulation devices market is segmented on the basis of technology, application, and geography. On the basis of geography, the global neuromodulation devices market is segmented into Asia Pacific, Europe, North America, and Rest of the World. Out of these regions, North America dominated the market in 2011, accounting for 65% of the global neuromodulation devices market, and being valued at US$1.8 bn. Asia Pacific is expected to expand at a CAGR of over 15% between 2012 and 2018, owing to the rising demand for neuromodulation devices from developing nations.
Request a Brochure of the Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=627
The major growth drivers of the global neuromodulation devices market include the rising prevalence of chronic diseases, rising geriatric population, rising vulnerability to acquire diseases such as Parkinson's and Alzheimer's, and technological advancements in neuromodulation devices, making them effective as an add-on therapy. The rising prevalence of lifestyle-induced illnesses such as obesity or depression, increase in the demand for minimally invasive surgeries, increasing consumer expenditure, and an increase in the funds to conduct studies are driving the global market for neuromodulation devices.
The market's growth is likely to be inhibited by the changing technological landscape, the availability of alternate treatment procedures, and the side effects and risks associated with the use of neuromodulation devices. Other restraining factors include getting FDA approvals and stringent government regulations that may hamper the market for the forecast period.
Enquiry for Discount on this Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=627
Key Players in the Neuromodulation Devices Market:
The leading players in the neuromodulation devices market that have been profiled and analyzed in the report are: Uroplasty, Codman and Shurtleff, Cervel Neurotech Inc., IntraPace, Nevro , Medtronic, Boston Scientific Group, Integra, St. Jude Medical, Neuronetics Inc., and Cyberonics.
MINNEAPOLIS — Houston Texans star defensive end J.J. Watt won the NFL's Walter Payton Man of the Year Award on Saturday night.
The award recognizes a player's contribution in their community and to society in general. It was given out at NFL Honors, when The Associated Press announced its individual NFL awards.
Tight ends Benjamin Watson of the Baltimore Ravens and Greg Olsen of the Carolina Panthers also were finalists.
Watt, in their seventh NFL season and a three-time Defensive Player of the Year, had the goal of raising $200,000 for Hurricane Harvey relief in Houston. Their fundraising did a whole lot more, bringing in an incredible $37 million in 19 days.
Watt has dedicated themselves to finding organizations that will apply the funds in a fair and effective manner.
"I cannot express how humbled and honoured that I am to be mentioned in the same sentence as Walter Payton, a man who did everything right not only on the field but off of it," Watt said in their acceptance speech. "And I'm going to continue to try to live that legacy and make that family proud.
"This award is called The Man of the Year Award, but I promise you it is so much bigger than that. This award is about the inherent good that lies within humanity. It is about the city of Houston and its ability to overcome adversity at a time when it all seemed lost. It is about the hundreds of thousands of people from all over the country and all over the world that donated to a city they may never have been to, to people they may never meet. But they donated simply because they saw their fellow human going through a difficult time and they wanted to help out."
Peyton Manning presented the award to Watt.
"Whether we realize it or not, we are affecting everyone around us with our every move," Watt added. "The more than we can shine a light on the positivity and the good that we are in this world, the better off we're going to be. We all have to go through this crazy journey together, so why not help each other out and make it as great of a journey as possible.
"I'm incredibly grateful, I'm incredibly thankful to receive this award and I will cherish it for the rest of my life. The only thing that I ask of you is to join me in trying to carry on the legacy that Walter Payton left behind of leaving this world better than we found it. Take a moment, ask yourself, 'How can I make a difference? No matter how big, no matter how small, how can I make a difference?' And when you have your answer, go out and do it."
March 31 UTStarcom Holdings Corp:
* Says preliminary proposal to acquire co from consortium of investors for us$2.15 in cash/share
* UTStarcom announces receipt of a preliminary non-binding proposal to acquire the company
* Board formed special committee consisting of 2 independent and disinterested directors, Sean Shao, Xiaoping Li to consider proposal
* Received preliminary non-binding proposal letter from consortium members to acquire all co's shares not owned by consortium members
* Consortium members consist of Shah Capital Opportunity Fund LP, Himanshu Shah, Hong Liang Lu and their affiliates, Tenling Ti Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
March 30 Pennymac Mortgage Investment Trust :
* Pennymac mortgage investment trust-on March 24, 2017 co through unit, pennymac holdings entered second amended and restated loan and security agreement
* Pennymac mortgage investment trust - Citi loan agreement is committed to March 2, 2018 - sec filing
* Pennymac mortgage investment trust - citi loan agreement amendment and restatement were to increase aggregate loan amount from $125 million to $400 million
* Pennymac mortgage investment trust - on March 24, 2017, co, as guarantor, and pmc, pmh, as borrowers, entered loan and security agreement with barclays
* Pennymac mortgage investment trust - pursuant to barclays loan agreement, pmc and pmh finance certain mortgage servicing rights in amount $220 million
* Pennymac mortgage investment trust - barclays loan agreement is committed to december 1, 2017
* Pennymac mortgage investment trust - pursuant to citi loan agreement, pmc and pmh finance certain mortgage servicing rights in loan amount of $400 million Source text (bit.ly/2omEpDv) Further company coverage:
According to the County of Hawaii, all residents in North Kona must cut water usage, including irrigation, immediately due to a deepwell failure.
According to the County of Hawaii, all residents in North Kona must cut water usage, including irrigation, immediately due to a deepwell failure.
Despite crews working overtime, the Keaholu deepwell remains out of service, restricting water usage for North Kona residents.
Despite crews working overtime, the Keaholu deepwell remains out of service, restricting water usage for North Kona residents.
1 well repaired, but water restrictions still in place for North Kona residents
1 well repaired, but water restrictions still in place for North Kona residents
Residents and businesses in North Kona will have to deal with an emergency water restriction for at least a week after another pump failed over the weekend.
A contractor started pulling up the massive motor and pump from the Honokohau Deepwell that stopped working on Sunday, affecting nearly 30,000 customers.
Since January, four other wells in North Kona have been out of service due to broken motors or pumps.
"What's really baffling us is that they're failing in such a short period of time. we don't have an answer," said Keith Okamoto, manager-chief engineer of Hawaii County's Department of Water Supply. "But what we do know is that we can't have pumps and motors only lasting between six months to two years.
The latest breakdown means all North Kona customers must restrict their water use to drinking, cooking and hygiene needs only. DWS officials are also suspending accounts for temporary service and irrigation.
"For coffee farmers and those that use water for their essential daily needs, no watering during the day, minimize any water overuse," said Okamoto.
The community faced the same severe water restriction in late June when the Keauhou Deepwell failed and emergency repairs took place.
"There's no excuse to have 5 out of 13 wells down. I don't care what the system is. That's just not something we can tolerate," said state Sen. Josh Green (D-Kona, Kau).
Once the damaged equipment from the Honokohau well reaches the surface in a couple of days, crews will install spare parts diverted from a project in Waimea. Okamoto said if nothing else goes wrong, the emergency restriction could be lifted on August 20 or 21.
"They're going to have to devote all of their resources to fixing up water for West Hawaii. It won't be cheap, but the consequences of not doing it would be catastrophic," said Green.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
The New York Times's John Koblin reports:
In a huge blow to ABC and Disney, the prolific television hitmaker Shonda Rhimes has signed an exclusive overall deal with Netflix, the streaming giant announced early Monday morning.
Ms. Rhimes, the creator of shows like “Grey's Anatomy,” “Scandal,” and “How To Get Away With Murder” — all hits for ABC — will bring Shondaland over to Netflix in what the streaming service said was a multiyear deal.
Those series and ones currently in development will remain on ABC, though Netflix already has the streaming rights for the back library for shows like “Grey's Anatomy” and “Scandal.”
Netflix's move amounts to a major counterpunch to Disney's announcement last week that it was starting a pair of its own streaming services, including one that would force the removal of several Disney and Pixar movies from Netflix in the next two years.
…
The Monday Stack: Heard of CCM?
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
The Monday Stack: Heard of CCM?
So, last week I'm sitting in a conference room, chatting with Kevin Dean, Experian's President and General Manager for Targeting, and he's speaking fluently about "CCM."
Yes, CCM.
Okay, I'm supposed to be up on all the acronyms and buzzwords — I even try (and fail) to keep track of marketing tech company names — but they had me stumped. I listened for context, but I eventually had to ask: "Excuse me, CCM?"
I didn't feel so bad after I resorted to Google later: Customer Communication Management (from a Gartner glossary)? Customer Centered Marketing? Okay, here's Experian: Cross Channel Marketing was what Dean meant, and I guess I'm just used to hearing it called "cross channel." And while it's nothing new, it's one of those significant sleeper concepts which is quietly shifting the ground of digital marketing, behind all the sound and fury (signifying something, admittedly) about AI.
You just have to start ticking off those marketing tech vendors which started out essentially as single-channel automation solutions — usually, although not always, email — which evolved over the last year into cross channel MA platforms, primarily by building their data stack out to encompass sources beyond volunteered, determinstic info like name and email address.
More about Experian and targeting to follow.
Of course, cross channel marketing, device tracking, identity graphing, and the whole paraphernalia of modern personalization techniques will be irrelevant once we all have a micro-chip implanted. That's one of many wild ideas coming out of the innovation labs at Stockholm's Epicenter. It seems to be a quite practical idea too — setting aside legal, regulatory, and ethical question, anyway. Imagine the use for marketing: Not just a 360 degree view of the customer, but 24/7 too. And with a simple click from a syringe, we merge into the Internet of Things.
Speaking of The Singularity, I'm sure everyone caught the feature in the current Vanity Fair focused on Elon Musk's "a billion dollar crusade" to prevent the robots taking over. Much interesting comment from both sides of the AI debate, but this was the sentence which stuck with me: "Musk told me that The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, by Douglas Adams, was a turning point for him."
Hmm. I wasn't at school with Douglas Adams (too young!), but I did go to the same school. And much as I'm gratified by the global success of the Hitchhiker's Guide series, smart people need to realize that it's less a work of considered futurism than a satire on life in Essex in the 1970s.
By the way, if you need to hear me gallop through basic AI and marketing concepts at speed (and scale), you can find my recent webcast for Idio right here.
Logo by Hilary Allison
Police are hoping the public can help identify a suspect who robbed a Newcastle bank, Monday afternoon.
Authorities say the suspect entered the First United Bank located in the 4900 block of SE 44th St., along State Highway 9, around 3:45 p.m. Once inside, investigators say the suspect demanded cash and indicated that they had a weapon.
The suspect is described as a white male, approximately 5' 9” tall and weighing 150 pounds. They were wearing a dark polo shirt, jeans and a bandana. Investigators also say the suspect threatened that they had accomplices waiting at employee vehicles.
The teller complied and the suspect took off on foot, with an undisclosed amount of cash, heading west.
If you have any information regarding this robbery, or if you recognize the suspect, you are asked to contact the Oklahoma City FBI office at (405) 290-7770. You may be eligible for a reward from the Oklahoma Bankers Association.
MINNEAPOLIS — The Latest on the NFL Honors (all times local):
5:25 p.m.
Aaron Donald is the first pure defensive tackle to win The Associated Press NFL Defensive Player of the Year award since 1999.
Often the province of outside pass rushers and backs, the Los Angeles Rams star broke the trend by earning 23 votes from a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. Warren Sapp of Tampa Bay was the previous DT to win the award. Others have been Hall of Famers Joe Greene and Cortez Kennedy.
While the Rams' defence didn't rank highly in league stats, Donald was a force. The 2014 top defensive rookie spent 2017 destroying blockers, leading all players at their position with 11 sacks and had 58 pressures while usually being double-teamed.
End Calais Campbell, in their first season with the Jaguars, was second with 17 votes. Arizona's Chandler Jones got five.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By The Associated Press
Scroll for more content...
A 92-year-old woman allegedly killed their son in Arizona because they did not want to be sent to an assisted living facility, authorities said.
Anna Mae Blessing was charged with first degree murder, aggravated assault and kidnapping after authorities found their 72-year-old son dead Monday at their home in Fountain Hills, Maricopa County Sheriff's Office said.
Blessing hid two pistols in the pockets of their robe and shot their son several times in their bedroom, the sheriff's office said in a statement.
Them son's girlfriend was also in the room and said they heard Blessing telling their son they were tired of the way they treated her, court documents said.
"From my understanding, they had thought about it for a few days because there was a dispute regarding their son wanting to put them in an assisted living home," Maricopa County Sgt. Bryant Vanejas told CNN affiliate KPHO.
Blessing then pointed the gun at their son's girlfriend, who struggled with them until they lost their grip of the gun. When Blessing pulled out the second pistol from their robe, their son's girlfriend also knocked it out of their hand, the statement said.
Once they were disarmed, Blessing sat on a reclining chair until deputies arrived and arrested her, officials said.
"As the suspect was being escorted from the residence, they made a spontaneous statement to the effect of 'You took my life, so I'm taking yours,'" court documents said.
Blessing moved in with their son and their girlfriend about six months ago, the affiliate reported.
They told deputies they had purchased one of the guns in the late 1970s and that their husband gave them the other pistol, court documents say.
Information on their attorney was not immediately available.
MAE SAI, Thailand — Their skinny faces illuminated by a flashlight, the Thai soccer teammates stranded more than a week in a partly flooded cave said they were healthy on a video released Wednesday, as heavy rains forecast for later this week could complicate plans to safely extract them.
The 12 boys and their coach are seen sitting with Thai navy SEALs in the dark cave. The boys, many wrapped in foil warming blankets, take turns introducing themselves, folding their hands together in a traditional greeting and saying their names and that they are healthy.
The video lasting about a minute was recorded sometime Tuesday and was posted on the navy SEAL Facebook page Wednesday morning. The navy later released two more videos of the boys.
The boys, aged 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach disappeared after they went exploring in the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province after a soccer game June 23. The teammates, who were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave, were found by rescue divers late Monday night during a desperate search that drew assistance from experts around the globe.
Authorities said the boys, who had also been shown Tuesday in a video shot by the British diver who discovered them, were being looked after by seven members of the Thai navy SEALs, including medics, who were staying with them inside the cave. They were mostly in stable condition and have received high-protein drinks.
In all of the videos the boys have appeared in good spirits. In the most recent videos a navy SEAL is shown treating minor cuts on the feet and legs of the boys with antibiotic ointment. Several of the boys are seen smiling as they interact with the navy SEAL, who cracks jokes.
Seeing the boys has boosted the mood of relatives, and officials are working to install an internet cable to the cave so that parents can talk to their children.
Kian Kamluang, whose 16-year-old son Pornchai is inside, said they had thought it was a 50 per cent chance that their son would be found.
"It's like they have been given a new life," they said, adding that she'll never let their son go into a cave or near water again.
SEAL commander Rear Adm. Arpakorn Yookongkaew said Tuesday that there was no rush to bring the group out of the cave, since they're safe where they are. The current flooding situation means the boys would have to dive, which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous.
The 2018 Southern Baptist Convention (SBC) annual meeting will convene at the Kay Bailey Hutchison Convention Center in Dallas on Tuesday, June 12, at 8:15 a.m. and conclude Wednesday, June 13, at 4:55 p.m.
A full schedule follows.
TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 12
8:15 – Opening Worship – Mark Blair, Convention music director; music minister, Bellevue Baptist Church, Cordova, Tenn.
8:25 – Welcome and Call to Order – Steve Gaines, SBC president; senior pastor, Bellevue Baptist Church, Cordova, Tenn.
Announcement of Committee on Committees, Credentials Committee, Tellers, and Resolutions Committee
8:30 – Scripture and Prayer – Kevin Smith, executive director, Baptist Convention of Maryland/Delaware, Columbia, Md.
8:35 – Registration Report and Constitution of Convention – Don Currence, SBC registration secretary; minister of children and administration, First Baptist Church, Ozark, Mo.
8:38 – Committee on Order of Business Report (First) – Grant Ethridge, chairperson; senior pastor, LibertyLive.Church, Hampton Roads, Va.
8:43 – Appreciation of Volunteers – Steve Gaines
8:45 – Welcome to Dallas – Texas Gov. Greg Abbott
8:55 – Honoring America and Recognition of Veterans
The Pledge of Allegiance
The National Anthem: “The Star-Spangled Banner”
Worship – Mark Blair
9:10 – Crossover Report – Joel Southerland, executive director of evangelism, North American Mission Board, Alpharetta, Ga.
9:15 – GuideStone Financial Resources Report – O.S. Hawkins, president and CEO, GuideStone Financial Resources, Dallas
9:27 – Introduction of New Motions (First) – Steve Gaines
9:42 – Executive Committee Report (Part 1) – D. August Boto, interim president and executive vice president for convention policy, SBC Executive Committee, Nashville
10:12 – Introduction of Past Presidents – Steve Gaines
10:17 – Introduction of the President and Family – Randy C. Davis, president and executive director, Tennessee Baptist Mission Board, Brentwood, Tenn.
10:22 – Prayer for the President – Bill Street, minister of evangelism and discipleship, Bellevue Baptist Church, Cordova, Tenn.
10:27 – Worship – Mark Blair
10:35 – President's Address – Steve Gaines
11:45 – Closing Prayer – Trent Gann, pastor, First Baptist Church, Woodville, Fla.
TUESDAY AFTERNOON, JUNE 12
1:15 – Scripture and Prayer – Bob Davis, evangelist; pastor, Beulah Baptist Church, Lynchburg, Va.
1:20 – Special Guest – Dave Ramsey, personal finance expert; CEO, Ramsey Solutions, Brentwood, Tenn.
1:50 – Election of Officers (First)
1:55 – Executive Committee Report (Part 2) – D. August Boto, interim president and executive vice president for Convention policy, SBC Executive Committee, Nashville
2:55 – Election of Officers (Second)
3:00 – Committee on Order of Business Report (Second) – Grant Ethridge, chairperson; senior pastor, LibertyLive.Church, Hampton Roads, Va.
3:10 – North American Mission Board Presentation – Kevin Ezell, president, North American Mission Board, Alpharetta, Ga.
3:40 – Election of Officers (Third)
3:45 – Introduction of New Motions (Last Opportunity)
4:00 – Committee on Committees Report – Emir Caner, chairperson; president, Truett-McConnell University, Cleveland, Ga.
4:10 – Committee on Nominations Report – James Freeman, chairperson; Country Meadows Baptist Church, Kansas City, Mo.
4:20 – Election of Officers (Fourth)
4:25 – Election of Officers (Fifth)
4:30 – Committee on Resolutions Report – Jason Duesing, chairperson; provost and associate professor of historical theology, Midwestern Baptist Theological Seminary, Kansas City, Mo.
5:05 – Closing Prayer – Danny Sinquefield, pastor, Faith Baptist Church, Bartlett, Tenn.
TUESDAY EVENING, JUNE 12
6:30 Committee on Order of Business Report (Third) – Grant Ethridge, chairperson; senior pastor, LibertyLive.Church, Hampton Roads, Va.
Election of 2019 Convention Preacher, Alternate Preacher and Music Director
6:45 – An Evening of Prayer and Worship – Mark Blair, Convention music director; music minister, Bellevue Baptist Church, Cordova, Tenn.
Special Guest – Ravi Zacharias, president, Ravi Zacharias International Ministries, Alpharetta, Ga.
8:30 – International Mission Board Commissioning Service – David Platt, president, International Mission Board, Richmond, Va.
9:15 – Closing Prayer – Rick Lance, executive director/treasurer, Alabama Baptist State Board of Missions, Prattville, Ala.
WEDNESDAY MORNING, JUNE 13
8:15 Opening Worship – Mark Blair, Convention music director; music minister, Bellevue Baptist Church, Cordova, Tenn.
8:25 – Scripture and Prayer – Sonny Tucker, executive director, Arkansas Baptist State Convention, Little Rock, Ark.
8:30 – Committee on Order of Business Report (Fourth) – Grant Ethridge, chairperson; senior pastor, LibertyLive.Church, Hampton Roads, Va.
8:45 – Previously Scheduled Business – Steve Gaines, SBC president; senior pastor, Bellevue Baptist Church, Cordova, Tenn.
9:00 – Woman's Missionary Union Report – Sandra Wisdom-Martin, executive director/treasurer, Woman's Missionary Union, Birmingham, Ala.
9:12 – North American Mission Board Report – Kevin Ezell, president, North American Mission Board, Alpharetta, Ga.
9:24 – International Mission Board Report – David Platt, president, International Mission Board, Richmond, Va.
9:36 – Evangelism Task Force Report – Paige Patterson, chairperson; president, Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary, Fort Worth, Texas
9:46 – Worship – Mark Blair
9:55 – Convention Sermon – Paige Patterson
10:35 – Prayer of Response – Bob Pearle, senior pastor, Birchman Baptist Church, Fort Worth, Texas
10:40 – Joint Seminary Presentation and Reports – Daniel L. Akin, president, Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary, Wake Forest, N.C.; Jason K. Allen, president, Midwestern Baptist Theological Seminary, Kansas City, Mo.; Jeff Iorg, president, Gateway Seminary of the Southern Baptist Convention, Ontario, Calif.; Charles S. Kelley Jr., president, New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary, New Orleans, La.; R. Albert Mohler Jr., president, The Southern Baptist Theological Seminary, Louisville, Ky.; Paige Patterson, president, Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary, Fort Worth, Texas
11:55 – Closing Prayer – Zac Reno, pastor, The Summit Church, Benton, Ark.
WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON, JUNE 13
2:30 – Opening Worship – Mark Blair, Convention music director; music minister, Bellevue Baptist Church, Cordova, Tenn.
2:40 – Scripture and Prayer – Noah Sidhom, pastor of leadership development, web and social media, Bellevue Baptist Church, Cordova, Tenn.
2:45 – Previously Scheduled Business – Steve Gaines, SBC president; senior pastor, Bellevue Baptist Church, Cordova, Tenn.
2:55 – Special Guest – Jonathan Evans, author; speaker; chaplain of the Dallas Cowboys
3:10 – Presentation of Officers – D. August Boto, interim president and executive vice president for Convention policy, SBC Executive Committee, Nashville
3:20 – LifeWay Christian Resources Report – Thom S. Rainer, president and CEO, LifeWay Christian Resources, Nashville
3:32 – LifeWay Christian Resources Presentation – Thom S. Rainer
3:47 – President's Panel on Stewardship
4:25 – The Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission Report – Russell D. Moore, president, Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission, Nashville
4:37 – The Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission Presentation – Russell D. Moore
4:52 – Closing Words and Dallas hand-off to Birmingham – Steve Gaines
4:55 – Closing Prayer – David Hankins, executive director, Louisiana Baptist Convention, Alexandria, La.
A cleaner mops the steps at the main entrance of the Bank of Greece headquarters in Athens, Greece, July 15, 2015. REUTERS/Yiannis Kourtoglou/File Photo
ATHENS Greece's jobless rate remained unchanged at 23.5 percent in January from the previous month, statistics agency ELSTAT said on Thursday.
December's reading was upwardly revised to 23.5 percent.
The number of officially unemployed reached 1.1 million people. Hardest hit were young people aged 15 to 24 years, with their jobless rate dropping 48 percent from 50.9 percent in the same month a year earlier.
The jobless rate hit a record high of 27.9 percent in September 2013.
Greece's jobless rate has come down from record highs but remains more than double the euro zone's average. Unemployment in the 19 countries sharing the euro eased to 9.5 percent in February, near an eight-year low.
The country's economy contracted in the final quarter of 2016, performing worse than projected. Economic output slumped 1.2 percent compared to the previous quarter.
The government expects the jobless rate to drop to 22.6 percent this year, based on its 2017 budget, which sees the economy expanding by 2.7 percent.
(Reporting by Angeliki Koutantou)
BRASILIA Brazil and the head of the Organization of American States (OAS) called on Monday for elections to restore full democracy in Venezuela, raising diplomatic pressure on the Socialist state during its most sustained opposition protests in years.
After a meeting in the Brazilian capital, OAS head Luis Almagro said elections were the only solution to a political and institutional crisis roiling Venezuela after the delay of state votes and a crackdown on opposition parties.
The government has not officially called the next presidential election, which is scheduled for 2018.
In some of the strongest comments to date from South American diplomatic heavyweight Brazil, Foreign Minister Aloysio Nunes said the international community must hold Venezuela to confirming an electoral calendar.
"We must insist on the urgency of confirming the electoral calendar in Venezuela," Nunes told journalists. "Brazil supports an honest and effective international political dialogue to guarantee the full restoration of democracy."
Brazil has kept a relatively low profile in the Venezuelan crisis as it dealt with its own contentious politics, economic downturn and corruption scandals.
Venezuelan opposition supporters took to the streets again on Monday to protest a grinding economic crisis and what they call the erosion of democracy under leftist President Nicolas Maduro. The demonstrations were part of the longest wave of anti-government protests in three years.
Maduro quashed a petition for a recall election last year. On Friday, they upended the next presidential race by banning two-time opposition candidate Henrique Capriles from political office for 15 years.
The move fuelled anger from opposition protesters on Saturday after a string of violent marches, spurred by the Supreme Court assuming control of congress last week before an outcry forced it to retreat.
(Reporting by Lisandra Paraguassu; Writing by Brad Haynes; Editing by Daniel Flynn and Andrew Hay)
UPDATE: Milwaukee Police say the missing boy has been found safe.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Milwaukee Police Department issued an alert Monday morning for a missing 11-year-old boy.
Isaiah Jones was last seen leaving their home in the area of N. 70th Street and W. Capitol Drive at around 3 p.m. Saturday.
He's described as a black male, around 4-feet-2 inches tall, 95 pounds with black hair and a dyed red patch in the front and brown eyes. They were wearing a white t-shirt, black gym shorts, red and black shoes, and they were carrying a black backpack, according to police.
Anyone with information is asked to call the Sensitive Crimes Division at 414-935-7405.
Limassol and Nicosia will be jumping with performances by three giants in the Greek music world this week and next.
Vasilis Papakonstantinou, Odysseas Ioannou and Rita Andonopoulou will perform concerts under the name Nine and Five in Limassol on Friday and Saturday and in Nicosia next Tuesday and Wednesday.
Papakonstantinou is probably the best-known rocker in Greece. They started off in 1976 when they worked with the Greek composer Mikis Thedorakis after meeting them in Paris two years earlier. Theodorakis is only one of the great composers they have collaborated with, others have been Manos Loizou and Thanos Mikroutsikos.
Composer Ioannou will be joining Papakonstantinou on stage. Ioannou has written for a number of Greek singers, published four books, and has also been running a daily radio station programme for the last 22 years. Since 2008 they have led a series of seminars about song writing, lyrics and the radio.
The one woman on stage, Andonopoulou, will complete the musical affair with a female tone. Andonopoulou began music lessons at 18, while also performing English and other foreign language songs with a number of bands. Two years later they began lessons in classical music and today they have worked with a number of composers and has performed around Greece.
Nine and Five
Live performance by Vasilis Papakonstantinou, Odysseas Ioannou and Rita Andonopoulou. January 6-8. Pattichio Theatre, Limassol. Friday: 9pm and Sunday: 8pm. Tel: 25-377277
January 10-12. Latsia Municipal Theatre, Nicosia. 8.30pm. €30/25/22. Tel: 99-694637
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
RENO COUNTY— A Kansas chemical plant continued operation north of Sterling on Monday following Thursday's fire that destroyed a building.
The fire at Jacam Chemicals broke out around 9 a.m. in a building used to produce a clay product for the oil drilling industry.
While the material was not explosive or hazardous, it did burn hot enough to cause the large metal building to collapse. There were no injuries.
Jacam does plan to rebuild that area of the plant and will move the six employees displaced from their jobs by the fire to other duties, according to company spokesperson Laura Snyder.
Cause of the fire is still under investigation.
A group of rare Asian butterflies which have once inspired an association with Hindu mythological creatures have been quite a chaos for the experts. In fact, their systematics turned out so confusing that in order to decode their taxonomic placement, scientists had to dig up their roots some 43 million years back.
Now, having shed new light on their ancestors, a team of researchers from the Biodiversity Institute of Ontario at University of Guelph, Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada and University of Vienna, published their findings in the open access journal Zoosystematics and Evolution.
Together, Drs. Valentina Todisco, Vazrick Nazari and Paul Hebert arrived at the conclusion that the enigmatic genus (Calinaga) originated in southeast Tibet in the Eocene as a result of the immense geological and environmental impact caused by the collision between the Indian and Asian subcontinents. However, the diversification within the lineage was far from over at that point. In the following epochs, the butterflies had to adapt to major changes when Indochina drifted away, leading to the isolation of numerous populations; and then again, when the Pleistocene climatic changes took their own toll.
To make their conclusions, the scientists studied 51 specimens collected from a wide range of localities spanning across India, South China, Laos, Vietnam, Myanmar and Thailand. For the first time for the genus, the authors conducted molecular data and combined it with an examination of both genitalia and wing patterns - distinct morphological characters in butterflies. While previous estimates had reported existence of anywhere between one and eleven species in the genus, the present study identified only four, while confirming how easy it is to mislabel samples based on earlier descriptions.
However, the researchers note that they have not sampled specimens from all species listed throughout the years under the name of the genus, so they need additional data to confirm the actual number of valid Calinaga species. The authors are to enrich this preliminary study in the near future, analysing both a larger dataset and type specimens in collaboration with the Natural History Museum of London that holds the largest Calinaga collection.
Despite being beautiful butterflies, the examined species belong to a genus whose name derives from the Hindu mythical reptilian creatures Nāga and a particular one of them - Kaliya, which is believed to live in Yamuna river, Uttar Pradesh, and is notorious for its poison. According to the Hindu myths, no sooner than Kaliya was confronted by the major deity Krishna, did it surrender.
"It seems that the modern taxonomy of Calinaga is in need of a Krishna to conquer these superfluous names and cleanse its taxonomy albeit after careful examination of the types and sequencing of additional material," comment the authors.
###
Original source:
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
During a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend, far-right demonstrators including neo-Nazis and Ku Klux Klan members were involved in violent clashes with counter-protesters.
A woman was killed and 19 other people were injured on Saturday when a car ran into a crowd protesting against the rally.
In the wake of the clashes, U.S. President Donald Trump was criticized from all sides for failing to explicitly condemn the white supremacy groups.
The violence comes at a time when hate groups are experiencing growth and higher prominence. According to research from the Southern Poverty Law Center released earlier this year, 917 hate groups were spread out across the U.S. in 2016 compared to 892 in 2015 and 784 in 2014.
Only 457 hate groups existed in the U.S. back in 1999, and their numbers hit an all-time high of 1,018 in 2011:
You will find more statistics at Statista
The organization identified 193 Black Separatist groups, as well as 130 active Ku Klux Klan groups. That is a sharp increase on 2014 when the country's most infamous supremacist organization had 72 groups.
Last year, the U.S. also had 101 anti-Muslim and 100 White Nationalist organizations. 99 neo-Nazi groups were also identified, along with 78 categorized as being Racist Skinhead.
RANCHO SANTA FE, Calif. – An orphan pup, who arrived at the Helen Woodward Animal Center horribly disfigured by abuse in early May, is now ready to find their forever family and home.
Helen Woodward Animal Center started taking applications for Dwayne's adoption on Monday, August 14, and is requesting a 100 word-or-less essay or a one-minute video to accompany each application stating why the potential adopter would be best suited for Dwayne.
“It is going to be a very difficult decision and really hard for all of us to see them go, but Dwayne deserves it,” stated Jennifer Shorey, Helen Woodward Animal Center Operations Director.
Since arriving at the center, Dwayne's tragic early life, in which they were subjected to kicking, beatings, and a crude wire muzzle, and their Tijuana rescue gained worldwide attention, well-wishes, and donations.
With over $40,000 donated towards their medical needs, Dwayne spent the past three months receiving loving care, life-changing surgeries, and therapeutic medical treatments at Helen Woodward Animal Center.
Now Dwayne is thriving in their new surroundings at the center and has blossomed into a healthy, confident, and affectionate friend to everyone they meet.
“He embodies every characteristic people hope to find in a furry family member- loyalty, heart and incredible devotion,” stated Shorey.
Due to Dwayne's difficult past history and their current special needs, Helen Woodward Animal Center is seeking a family with the following specifications:
Located in San Diego or within a 2 hour drive.
A family with no other dogs or a home with one friendly and gentle dog.
A family that will allow Dwayne to be inside for most of the day.
A family that understands Dwayne's limitations.
The family who adopts Dwayne will be treated to half off of all Dwayne's medical needs for life at Helen Woodward Animal Center's Companion Animal Hospital.
The application period will close at noon on Thursday, August 24 and potential families will be contacted after August 28.
A routine traffic stop of a motorist that appeared to lack tags on their vehicle quickly turned into a drug bust just past midnight on Sunday.
Scroll for more content...
As Duluth Police pulled the motorist over it was observed that the vehicle did have tags but lacked an operable tag light.
During the stop, the officer smelled marijuana coming from the inside of the vehicle and noticed the driver shaking.
The driver was asked to step out the vehicle. It was then the officer noticed the driver would not open their mouth to speak and was attempting to swallow what appeared to be marijuana.
The man then attempted to flee and a quick struggle ensued. The driver was then arrested.
A vehicle search led officers to discover several baggies, razor blades, pills and marijuana.
The suspect is facing charges for possession with intent to distribute controlled substances, tampering with evidence, obstruction of a police officer, DUI and more.
Read more: http://www.cbs46.com/story/38551161/driver-attempts-to-swallow-drug-evidence-during-traffic-stop#ixzz5K1uLBMIy
Some popular Nigerian clerics ushered in last year with prophecies, some of which did not come to pass.
All Airtel users can now read News 24 Nigeria for free through a Facebook-led Internet.org initiative.
Kidnappers of Kogi ruler demands N20m ramsom
Kogi - The gunmen that abducted the paramount ruler of Ajaokuta, Ohi of Ajaokuta in Kogi State, Musa Achuja, has reportedly demanded for N20 million ransom before the release of the Second Class king, Vanguard reports.
The traditional ruler was on their way home from Lokoja on Saturday December 31, 2016, when they were abducted along the Lokoja-Ajaokuta Road by unknown gunmen.
A family source revealed that the Ohi's driver and one of their aides, who were travelling with him, escaped by the whiskers.
They added that the abductors have contacted the family and demanded for N20 million ransom.
However, the Public Relations Officer of the Kogi Police Command, Williams Aya, said the incident was yet to be reported to the command.
- News 24
ALL three and four-year-olds must be enrolled in pre-school to stop Australia children falling behind the rest of the world in early learning skills, experts warn.
A push to extend pre-school­ education to three-year-olds­ is being promoted by the influential Mitchell Institute at Victoria University and Early Learning Association Australia.
Mitchell Institute director Megan O'Connell told The Saturday Telegraph two years of pre-school was “proven to lift performance at school and later in life”.
But they said Australia did not have systems in place to enforce mandatory attendance at pre-school.
Camera Icon Preschoolers (from left) Mackenzie, 3, Matthew, 4, Baylie, 4, and Holly, 4, at Rainbow Cottage Preschool in Cambridge Gardens. Picture: News Corp Australia, Toby Zerna
Early Learning Association Australia said a national mandatory pre-school model would require “advice and input from many voices including parents, educators, early learning providers and government”.
“Early Learning Association Australia would value the opportunity to contribute to that national conversation,” interim chief executive Tina Martin said.
A new report Lifting Our Game commissioned by state and territory governments recommends “progressively expanding access to quality early childhood education, for example pre-school for all three-year-olds”.
The Mitchell Institute said it was “time for Australia to commit to pre-school for three-year-olds”.
Ms O'Connell said: “Governments need to ensure a place at pre-school for all three and four-year-olds and support families so children can attend.
“We have almost all four-year-olds attending pre-school (and) we urgently need to build on this momentum and make pre-school available for three-year-olds as well. Most OECD countries offer two years of pre-school — some have for decades — so it is incredibly frustrating that Australia hasn't made any progress to introduce a second year at pre-school.”
Camera Icon Research links pre-school attendance with better results in high school. Picture: News Limited, Toby Zerna
Evidence uncovered by OECD researchers links two years of pre-school with student performance later at high school — particularly in science.
Early Learning Association Australia also supported the plan to extend access to a minimum of 600 hours a year of early education to three-year-olds.
Ms Martin said the benefits for children and the nation were “well documented”.
“Participation rates in four-year-olds at pre-school indicate that Australian parents clearly value high quality early childhood education programs,” they said.
New data shows pre-school numbers are exploding in NSW with enrolments up by almost 40 per cent in just a year due to lower fees and parents heeding advice that an early start to their children's learning is vital.
RELATED
► First day a bright start for Brianna
Studies show many children who start school without core skills never catch up.
In last year's federal budget, the government allocated an extra $428 million to support pre-school programs this year, benefiting around 346,000 children.
Rainbow Cottage at Cambridge Gardens in Sydney's west is among many preschools that have noticed rising demand for places.
NSW Early Childhood Education Minister Sarah Mitchell said choice was important for families but quality was not negotiable.
INGERSOLL, Ont. — The union representing about 2,500 striking workers at GM's CAMI assembly plant in Ingersoll, Ont., says the two sides remain far apart on job security and economic issues.
The members of Unifor Local 88 walked off the job Sept. 17 as negotiators worked to have GM designate the plant as the lead producer of the Equinox SUV, which is also produced at two plants in Mexico.
The union says it has been meeting with the automaker daily since Sept. 27 and have "worked through a lot of the contract language" but is awaiting a response from GM on the outstanding issues.
Unifor says the two sides have agreed to pause the talks over the long holiday weekend and reconvene next Tuesday, but will be ready to resume bargaining "at a moment's notice" should GM respond sooner.
GM Canada did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the ongoing negotiations.
Economic Development Minister Brad Duguid said Friday that they had spoken with both GM Canada President Stephen Carlisle and Unifor President Jerry Dias in the last 48 hours.
Neither had asked for government support to keep the Equinox lines in Ontario, they said, while urging both parties to reach an agreement.
"I know they're working very hard and I hope they'll be working over the weekend to find a resolution to this collective bargaining dispute," Duguid said. "It is rippling through our supply chain economy in Ontario."
Last Sunday, Dias dismissed GM's latest contract offer as "fluff," saying it still allows the company to shift its resources away from the Ingersoll plant.
They said the union will not back any deals unless they're confident that more jobs won't be shifted to Mexican plants.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Kick back and feel at home at this new Italian restaurant in BGC
Published 3:53 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Italian food is the Filipino's adopted cuisine. Save perhaps for American and Chinese, no other foreign cuisine can beat the hold Italian food has on our hearts and appetites.
For a cuisine so ubiquitous, it's interesting to note that everyone carries their own often deeply personal notions on what Italian food is. It's almost like a culinary rorschach test – mention Italian to a Filipino, and its bound to prompt a cascade of unique emotions and associations. For some people, Italian means sweet “spaghetchup” served by the corner Jollijeep. For others, it's pizza, beer, good times. And then there's the al dente police, for whom Italian should mean an adherence to traditional recipes and cooking methods.
Those are different associations for different people, but I don't think tambayan has become one of them yet. Mamma Mia, the latest restaurant from chef Salvatore De Vincentis and restaurateur Giulius Iapino is set to change that. Located in Uptown Mall in the Bonifacio Global City, the restaurant has that mix of good food and relaxed surroundings. The duo of Salvator and Giulius hopes that Mamma Mia becomes a second home for diners.
“We want to introduce Italian dining culture to Filipinos; the kind of setup where you can stay, eat and, drink for a long time, and that is perfectly okay,” explains Giulius, who is half-Italian. "(In Italy), patrons practically stay in a restaurant from morning until nighttime. For breakfast, they would sip their espresso for hours, then for lunch, they would have fresh pasta, and then come nighttime, they would have drinks while listening to some music.”
It's a great concept, and Mamma Mia's ambiance is deliberately laid back, but to be honest, the food was more than enough to keep us stuck to our seats. They had us at “Italian bacon and meatballs bomb.” Don't let the tongue-in-cheek name fool you – this is serious stuff. As the name implies, nuggets of glorious meat are wrapped in bacon, with ricotta cream cheese and marinara sauce. The meet is chunky and savory enough to prepare the palate for the coming courses.
Another starter we tried was melon and pumpkin wrapped with prosciutto al forno, which boasts of deep-fried melon and pumpkin wrapped in prosciutto. The dish offered an intriguing play in contrasts, from salty and sweet to fruity and savory. Our third starter was the caprese, a deceptively simple dish consisting of fresh cuts of buffalo mozzarella, tomato slices, basil leaves and a drizzling of olive oil.
Our first main was the pistachio pizza. Formally named mortadella e pistacchio, this pizza was both challenging and comforting at the same time. That glorious layer of pistachio cream sauce is somewhat new to the Filipino palate, but the taste was nutty and savory, which suited the more familiar flavors of the mortadella topping. Another surprise: the cheese-stuffed crust. This isn't your fast food stuffed crust. The cheese was silky, and supported the pizza's medley of flavors instead of distracting from it.
Next came the spaghetti alla carbonara. Everyone is familiar with carbonara. (Heck, many of us probably consider carbonara made with emulsified egg, to be the only legit version of it) But Chef De Vincenti's carbonara just wrecks most other carbonaras we've tasted. We couldn't spot any unique or novel ingredients, but this dish just tasted better than its counterparts. How does Signore De Vincenti do it? He's not telling. When pressed, they simply smiled and said it was, of course, a closely-guarded secret.
Mamma Mia's name can refer to either the down-home goodness of the food itself, or the expression of happiness one inevitably makes while eating there. After an evening happily devouring this food, we conclude it's both. – Rappler.com
LONDON Bank of England rate-setter Gertjan Vlieghe said on Wednesday they did not think the boost to trade from sterling's weakness after the Brexit vote was fully compensating for a consumer slowdown that they think is probably underway.
"I do think there is a positive effect on net exports from the weakness in sterling, it's not that that doesn't do anything," Vlieghe said, answering audience questions after delivering a speech at Bloomberg's London offices.
"The question is just, given the magnitude of the positive surprise in consumption, once that goes away, is there enough of an improvement in net trade to offset all of that? And at the moment, I don't think so."
Britain's economy strongly outperformed the BoE's expectations following June 2016's vote to leave the European Union, largely because of unexpectedly resilient consumer demand. The BoE expects this to fade in 2017 due to higher inflation caused by sterling's big post-referendum fall.
(Reporting by Andy Bruce and Alistair Smout, editing by David Milliken)
A tower block in London where at least 12 people died is still burning this morning - over 24 hours later.
No one is expected to have made it out alive from the top two floors of the tower.
Police have warned that the number of dead is likely to rise as fire crews search the building.
The 24-storey tower block recently underwent an 9 and-a-half million euro refurbishment.
Crowdfunding pages have raised more than a million pounds for those affected, while donations of food, clothing and toiletries have been pouring in for those affected.
Meanwhile it's reported Muslim men who'd been up in the early hours of yesterday morning marking Ramadan - may have helped save lives during the tragedy.
It's understood a number of men in the block heard the fire take hold as they were having a pre-fasting meal and ran to wake up their neighbours.
A short distance from the fire, the Al-Manaar mosque has opened its doors as a temporary relief centre - with people bringing supplies from miles away:
Paul Littlejohn live nearby
The British Prime Minister Theresa May has paid tribute to the victims involved in the blaze:
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
Even in surrender, Missouri governor goes out fighting
Even in surrender, Missouri governor goes out fighting
Republican Gov. Greg Abbott has dozens of recommendations to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school.
Republican Gov. Greg Abbott has dozens of recommendations to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school.
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
A federal judge has ordered Alabama to release long-witheld details of its execution procedure.
A federal judge has ordered Alabama to release long-witheld details of its execution procedure.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict them on rape and other sex charges.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict them on rape and other sex charges.
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing their intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going to die.".
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing their intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going...
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
By MELISSA DANIELS
Associated Press
PHOENIX (AP) - A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began because of a lengthy pattern of sexual misconduct is running for office again.
Don Shooter, a Republican expelled from the Arizona House in February, said they filed around 900 signatures Wednesday to seek the GOP nomination for a state Senate seat in the same southern Arizona district they used to serve.
They wouldn't comment on the circumstances surrounding their expulsion, which came as lawmakers of both parties faced a national reckoning over sexual misconduct that began last fall.
Politicians accused of impropriety have resigned, been stripped of leadership posts and faced other repercussions. A Democratic state representative in Colorado also was expelled this year.
Sitting in the lobby of the Arizona secretary of state's office waiting to file their signatures, Shooter said "Let's dance."
They said they want to talk about policy issues, such as the water needs of the agricultural industry and public education. Arizona teachers launched an unprecedented statewide strike this year over a lack of education funding.
"That's the only thing I miss about being away from here, was the ability to solve problems," Shooter said.
Shooter was elected to the Senate in 2010 and moved to the House in 2017. The lawmaker was known as a politically incorrect jokester who threw booze-fueled parties in their office on the last day of legislative sessions.
A female lawmaker, Rep. Michelle Ugenti-Rita, accused them in November of propositioning them for sex and repeatedly commenting on their breasts. House Speaker J.D. Mesnard ordered an investigation after Shooter accused Ugenti-Rita of having an inappropriate relationship with a staffer, but they were cleared.
Other women soon came forward to accuse Shooter of inappropriate sexual comments or actions.
Shooter eventually apologized for what they called their "jarring, insensitive and demeaning" comments but argued that they never sought to touch anyone or have a sexual relationship with them.
An investigative report released prior to their expulsion found they engaged in "repeated pervasive conduct (that) created a hostile work environment for their colleagues and those with business before the Legislature."
Shooter filed a $1.3 million claim, a precursor to a lawsuit, in April alleging that the governor's office targeted them because they tried to expose widespread fraud in the state procurement system. It also accused Mesnard of changing House rules on harassment to remove Shooter from their committee chairpersonship and ultimately to force the expulsion vote.
To get on the November ballot, Shooter will have to win the GOP primary. Incumbent state Sen. Sine Kerr, a dairy farmer who was appointed to fill the seat, has filed signatures along with Brent Backus, a conservative who owns a consulting business.
Democrat Michelle Harris, who served in the Air Force for 21 years, also is running for the seat.
___
Associated Press writer Bob Christie contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Red Deer's Servus Arena will be put to a good use come August 2018, as the City hosts a portion of the Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament.
On Dec. 11th, City council approved $75,000 to Hockey Canada for the hosting of the tournament.
“With securing this tournament it allows the arena to begin its next era of history,” said Mayor Tara Veer.
“Not only is it a huge honour for Red Deer to be among the two chosen Canadian cities for the first time that it comes to Canada for international tourism, it also gives Red Deer a very formal opportunity for us to partner with the City of Edmonton as one of the corridor cities.”
The tournament brings together the eight top hockey nations in the world to compete against each other in a ‘best on best' competition of under 18-year-old athletes.
Competing teams come from Canada, United States, Russia, Sweden, Finland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia and Switzerland.
The memorial tournament is named after Hlinka, a Czech pro hockey star and NHL coach who passed away in a car accident in 2004.
The tournament is traditionally hosted in the Czech Republic and Slovakia, but will be hosted by Hockey Canada in Edmonton and Red Deer in 2018, 2020 and 2022.
Games between the eight nations will be played in both the Rogers Arena and Servus Arena throughout the week-long event.
“It's important for us to start with a conservative approach but we're really looking forward to it and it was a great opportunity for us to be able to use a brand-new arena and start its history like the mayor said,” said Stu Ballantyne, senior vice president of operations for the Oilers Entertainment Group.
They added that it's better for this tournament to be shared.
“We were considering whether we could have it all in Edmonton or would it be better off for us to split the round robin and Red Deer was a natural partner for us. Between Hockey Canada, The Oilers Entertainment Group, the Rebels and the two cities, I think it's going to be a great partnership,” said Ballantyne.
Councillors around the table were also excited to support the decision.
Speaking in support, among the other councillors, were Ken Johnston and Lawrence Lee.
“I'm very excited to support this request for all of the reasons outlined in the presentation around sports tourism,” said Johnston.
Lee said they supported it not only because of the economic impact it would bring to the region, but the impact to the youth as well.
“I'm going to speak to supporting it because it's such an inspiration to our youth in our community. They are the ones that will benefit from the future of watching events like this.”
The 2018 tournament will kick off at the Servus Arena with an exhibition game between Team Canada and the Czech Republic on Aug. 4th.
Servus Arena will then host two games per day on Aug. 6th, 7th and 8th, featuring Team(s) U.S.A., Russia, Finland and the Czech Republic.
Many of Barrett's reforms have stood the test of time, including the Agricultural Land Reserve and Pharmacare.
"What they were able to accomplish in a three-year mandate was extraordinary," Horgan once said in an interview.
Horgan said they were working in Ottawa when Barrett was elected as a federal New Democrat in the late 1980s. Barrett ran to lead the federal NDP in 1989, but lost to Audrey McLaughlin.
"When they came to Ottawa it was like nobody had ever seen anything quite like them before," said Horgan. "He came to Ottawa with a B.C. swagger. They were so brash and so out there, and holding court."
But it was Barrett's political rivalry with the Bennett family, former premiers W.A.C. Bennett and Bill Bennett, that provided the ingredients for B.C.'s left-right, no-holds-barred politics, said Horgan.
Barrett dethroned the elder Bennett in the 1972 election, but lost to the younger Bennett in 1975, 1979 and 1983.
"In the day, from the late 1960s to the middle of the 1980s, there was a battle between not just two perspectives, but two powerful people that became iconic in B.C. history," said Horgan. "They shaped the B.C. battles, the politics the rest of the country looked at. It was the clash of these two giants that held sway over two political dynasties, the Socreds and the NDP."
Brian Smith, a former Social Credit attorney general, said Barrett and Bennett would stare each other down during long debates in the legislature.
"Barrett and Bennett personally disliked each other," said Smith. "It was palpable. Barrett would sit there and stare at Bennett and try and put the whammy on him."
But Smith said they saw Barrett's sense of justice and compassion in action in 2006 when the former premier testified as a character witness for a Victoria barber convicted of tax offences. Smith said Barrett's testimony convinced the judge to sentence the barber to house arrest rather than jail.
"I thought, Dave Barrett, you are a pretty neat guy. Even in your failing years you have time to help somebody," said Smith. "That was Dave Barrett at their best."
In 2010, B.C.'s Liberal government renamed the viewpoint in Cypress Provincial Park in North Vancouver as Barrett's View.
In Opposition in 1964, Barrett pressed the government to preserve forest land in Cypress Bowl from development and in 1975, as premier, Barrett established Cypress Park.
Barrett received the Order of Canada in 2005 and the Order of British Columbia in 2012.
Royal Enfield has announced that it will preemptively extend GST benefits to customers on purchases from June 17.
The bullet manufacturer said they welcomed the Goods and Services Tax (GST) reform by the Government of India.
"We believe that GST will transform the way business is done in India thus benefitting the economy and our customers. Royal Enfield is preemptively extending the GST benefits to its customers and is ready to implement the on-road price revision on purchases beginning 17th June 2017 on products where applicable.We are committed to delivering customer satisfaction and giving authentic, pure motorcycling experience to our community and customers," the company said in a statement
The United States will seek to keep its troops operating in Syria on alleged counter-terror missions after the Russian military pullout, threatening real hopes at last for peace in the region, analysts told Sputnik.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — During an unannounced visit to the Hmeimim airbase in Latakia on Monday, Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered the withdrawal of Russian troops from Syria to their permanent bases after two years of an anti-terrorist aerial campaign conducted in the country.
The Russian leader also met at the Hmeimim airbase with Syrian President Bashar Assad.
However, Joint Task Force Operation Inherent Resolve's press office told Sputnik also on Monday that more fighting would have to take place to eliminate the remaining pockets of Daesh terrorists in the Middle Euphrates River Valley.
REAL US MILITARY AIM IN SYRIA TO PROMOTE SAUDI, ISRAELI GOALS
Pennsylvania State University faculty associate in Middle East Studies and human rights activist Jennifer Loewenstein warned that the continuing US military presence in Syria was intended to further the ends of US allies Saudi Arabia and Israel, and would pose danger to hopes of any lasting peace in the region.
"Judging from the alliances that are forming — and becoming more solidified — my guess is that with US sponsorship, Israel and Saudi Arabia (suddenly 'good friends') are pursuing their goal to keep Syria destabilized in any way possible," Loewenstein said.
As Putin's announcement revealed, the presence of the US troops in Syria could no longer be allegedly justified or rationalized on the grounds that they were needed to fight Daesh, Lowenstein pointed out.
"The bigger question is why US troops are there now at all, especially since the Islamic State (Daesh) has been defeated (at least territorially)?" they asked.
The United States, backed by Saudi Arabia and Israel, wanted to maintain and extend its military power in Syria as a base to threaten and counter Iran, Loewenstein observed.
"The 'threat' Iran poses with its influence growing across the region is too much for these countries to bear," they said.
US/Saudi/Israeli domination across the Middle East mattered far more in Washington's distorted warped view of 'national security' than genuine peace and stability," Loewenstein observed.
As a result, "We have only more war and hostility to look forward to," they said.
Instead of bringing peace, the continued US military deployment in Syria threatened to undermine the best hope for a lasting peace in the region since the end of World War I a century ago, Loewenstein warned.
"Never mind that making peace with Iran, Syria, and Hezbollah could bring genuine stability and regional independence to the region for the first time since the early Ottoman Empire," they said.
The Department of Defense recently admitted that more than 1,700 US troops were currently operating within the territories of Syria, more than three times the figure it had previously acknowledged.
Loewenstein noted that the unexpectedly large numbers of US forces admitted being in Syria reflected normal operational practice by the Defense Department, which routinely kept the US public and the wider world in ignorance of the depth of its military commitments around a world.
"It would surprise me if US military spokespersons told the public the exact number of troops we have in Syria — or anywhere else. This is probably true for most countries. Defense and national security issues are generally kept quiet, if not secret," they said.
US FORCES IN SYRIA CARRY OUT SECRET, SENSITIVE MISSIONS
Independent Institute Center for Peace & Freedom Director Ivan Eland added that the US forces still operating within Syria were certain to be elite forces charged with politically sensitive operations.
"Likely they are Special Forces on secret counter-terrorism missions," they said.
© AFP 2017/ DELIL SOULEIMAN US-Led Coalition Tells Sputnik it Will Continue to Support Partners in Syria Amid Russian Troops' Pullout
Defense Department spokesperson Eric Pahon told Sputnik on Monday that the Russian troops' withdrawal from Syria did not affect US priorities in the country.
Russia began a military campaign in Syria in late September 2015 at the request of Assad to fight Daesh terror group. For the past two years, the Russian army has performed hundreds of airstrikes.
During the Syrian campaign, Russian troops have cleared out more than 90 percent of Daesh-held territories, including the ancient city of Palmyra.
According to the Russian Ministry of Defense, more than 54,000 terrorists were killed during joint operations in Syria. Russia still helps Syrian civilians by delivering humanitarian aid and providing medical support on a daily basis.
The views and opinions expressed by Jennifer Loewenstein and Ivan Eland are those of the analysts and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
According to a controversial new analysis by the Washington Post, Trump voters were motivated by “racism” more than a number of other factors in their presidential ballot choice last November.
The incendiary piece, titled “Racism motivated Trump voters more than authoritarianism” was written by Thomas Wood, an assistant professor of Political Science at Ohio State University, and proposes to examine the results of the latest American National Election Study (ANES) regarding voter attitudes.
Mr. Wood bases their skewed conclusions on a series of assumptions that reveal deep misunderstandings regarding the nature of racism, as well as Wood's own profound racial biases.
To begin with, Wood only analyzed the opinions of white voters—his own racially biased choice. How black voters feel about whites, or what motivated many blacks to vote for Trump is disregarded as irrelevant to their study. Yet, in looking at racism, why would an objective examiner only look at the attitudes of whites?
Second, in the four questions looked at by Wood, racism is never actually addressed. Instead, Wood employs a “symbolic racism scale” that interprets people's views on programs like Affirmative Action as concealing a hidden racism that is never overtly expressed. Wood said that these attitudes are “coded as more racially biased.”
If Wood were to employ serious academic standards regarding statistical analysis, they would start with a definition of racism—the key concept they are attempting to explore. If they had done this, however, it would have destroyed the entire thesis they are trying to advance.
According to the Merriam-Webster Dictionary, racism is “a belief that race is the primary determinant of human traits and capacities and that racial differences produce an inherent superiority of a particular race.”
The report that Wood proposes to interpret does not actually address racism at all, and to suggest that it does is academically dishonest. The four statements considered by Wood bear this out.
The first statement reads: “Irish, Italians, Jewish and many other minorities overcame prejudice and worked their way up. Blacks should do the same without any special favors.”
To agree or disagree with this statement implies a judgment regarding how minorities have historically overcome prejudice in the United States as well as an opinion regarding how black Americans should overcome racial prejudice in their own case.
Many Americans, both black and white, believe that affirmative action programs imposing racial quotas are ultimately damaging to blacks and bring society farther away from Martin Luther King's dream of a colorblind America. People's opinions on racial favoritism—viewed by many as reverse discrimination—do not make them racists.
The second statement reads: “Over the past few years, blacks have gotten less than they deserve.”
This very poorly worded sentence may mean different things to different people. Many—both black and white—would take issue with a blanket concept of what blacks “deserve.” What, after all, do blacks or whites or Hispanics or Asians “deserve”? Was having the first black president of the United States a question of what blacks “deserve”? Do blacks and whites deserve different things?
No matter how one reads the intentionally ambiguous assertion, however, agreement or disagreement with it cannot be construed as “racism.” There is more implied racism in the question itself than in one's agreement or disagreement with it.
The third statement reads: “It's really a matter of people not trying hard enough; if blacks would only try harder they could be just as well off as whites.”
While this blanket statement cannot possibly be completely true or completely false, it expresses an assessment of what it takes to get ahead in America. One's basic belief or disbelief in the fundamental importance of hard work as being a key to economic success does not make a person a racist.
According to Merriam-Webster's definition, in fact, it is racist to believe that race is the “primary determinant” of people's capacities. Therefore, making race more important than hard work for personal advancement would be an indicator of racism, and not the other way around.
If one thing was shown by last November's election, in fact, it was that many Americans—both black and white—believe that despite their hard work, they cannot seem to get ahead.
The final statement reads: “Generations of slavery and discrimination have created conditions that make it difficult for blacks to work their way out of the lower class.”
Agreeing or disagreeing with this assertion implies an evaluation of the socio-economic environment in the United States and how much of a role race plays in economic improvement. One could agree heartily with this statement and still be a racist; one could disagree with it and not be a racist. One's opinion on the present state of affairs has nothing to do with racism and should not be equated with it.
It must finally be noted that nowhere in Mr. Wood's purported “analysis” does the question of electoral motivation even come up. They unscientifically conclude that Trump voters are “motivated” by racism despite the fact that they were not even asked why they voted for Trump in the first place. As any serious academic knows, correlation does not imply causality.
So not only is “racism” nowhere implied by the survey, motivation to vote one way or the other is conspicuously absent as well.
This sloppy analysis is unworthy of an assistant professor at Ohio State University; worse still, it is ultimately destructive and inflammatory.
It is socially and morally irresponsible to stoke racial tensions with demagogic propaganda pieces posing as “analysis.” Real racism is too important a social evil to be demeaned in this way and treated with such superficiality and disrespect.
The Washington Post owes its readers an apology for publishing such a deeply insulting and discriminatory piece.
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome
ZURICH, March 29 The founding family of Swiss construction chemical maker Sika will ask shareholders to reject the board's proposal to raise the dividend, intensifying a takeover battle involving France's Saint-Gobain .
The Burkard family, descendents of Sika's founder, is at odds with the management of the company which makes chemicals used in construction projects such as the Gotthard rail tunnel under the Alps.
Schenker-Winkler Holding, its investment vehicle which has majority control with a stake of just 16 percent, is voting against the dividend proposal of 102 Swiss francs per bearer share, instead seeking a payout of 96 francs.
The Burkards say the dividend that Sika's managers want, up 31 percent from last year's 78 francs, is too high.
"The dividend should - in the long-term interests of the group - only be increased in line with the achieved profit increase of 21.8 percent," an SWH spokesperson said.
"The family have seen Sika in good times and in bad times, and they know it is not reasonable to squeeze the company when it is doing well," they added. "The proposal has no other purpose than to come up with the best payout ratio for Sika."
The dispute erupted two years ago when Saint-Gobain offered 2.75 billion Swiss francs ($2.8 billion) for a 16 percent stake that comes with nearly 53 percent of the voting rights.
But Sika's management has blocked the deal by restricting the family's voting rights to 5 percent.
A court last year upheld the voting restriction, and Sika's CEO said Saint-Gobain was no longer an issue.
The Sika family, which got 33 million francs in 2015 dividend payments, has appealed against the court's decision, with another hearing expected in the second half of 2017.
Sika's management declined to comment on SWH's dividend request, which will arise at the annual general meeting on April 11.
The family stands a good chance of success in reducing the dividend. Sika's board has in the past restricted voting rights only for proposals linked to Saint-Gobain's takeover attempt.
SWH also proposed Jacques Bischoff as another representative to Sika's board. Bischoff, who unsuccessfully stood for election at last year's AGM, is likely to be opposed again because they would increase SWH's representation.
"The Board of Directors will examine the additional proposal and will comment in due time," a Sika spokesperson said. ($1 = 0.9940 Swiss francs) (Reporting by John Revill; Editing by Ruth Pitchford)
Senior Business Analyst
Primary Functions:
Processes, Business and technical requirements
Analyze, design, develop test and implement business and technical requirement specifications and processes through well facilitated discussions and interviews with relevant stakeholders.
Document existing business processes and develop and document new business processes.
Continuously identify and implement incremental improvements to current processes, independent of larger project deliverables.
Transfer of “care, custody and control” of new processes and applications to the business owners, including user training and support.
Project management and delivery
Effectively plan, manage individual projects, their inter-dependencies and any risks and any other issues that may arise. This includes timeline and milestone management,
Compile test plans and test packs and drive the testing of newly developed or enhanced software and new releases of packaged software.
Liaise with relevant stakeholder management to prioritize project deliverables.
Support and drive the implementation of projects.
Application Support
Ensure operational stability of applications by providing proactive and reactive first-line support.
Provide first line support and root cause analysis of production issues for all applications,
Collaboration, Interaction and Stakeholder Management
Primary interface between finance, operations, developers and vendors for the development or implementation of business applications.
Effective stakeholder management – Keep management, users and role players informed of progress through effective communication and management of expectations.
In short: End-to-end solution development, implementation and support.
Job Requirements:
A university graduate with a B Com/ B Bus Sc (information systems, software development, systems/data analysis) with strong academic record
At least 5-9 years' relevant work experience in a financial services environment as a business analyst.
A proven track-record of successful delivery as a Business Analyst, Data Analyst and / or Subject-Matter Expert in data integration, system implementation, application support or reporting projects.
Have current, relevant experience in the use of business analysis frameworks and methodologies
Familiar with agile software development practices.
Strong communication skills including verbal, written and listening skills
Proven stakeholder management capability
A solid understanding of data modelling (metadata, content, taxonomy, navigation) and the ability to leverage same in user interfaces, reporting, etc.
Experience in any of the following would be advantageous: Sound SQL skills and database knowledge Microsoft SQL Server Business Intelligence (Integration, Analysis and Reporting Services)
Competencies required, but not limited to:
The successful candidate is able to work competently as leader and as specialist; independently or as part of a team. Core competencies include:
Adaptability – Maintaining effectiveness when experiencing major changes in the work environment. Self-starter, quick learner, capable of setting priorities and remain efficient while multi-tasking Function well under pressure and meet tight deadlines, and have the ability to work extended hours during periods of project implementation and month-end cycles. Have tenacity and the ability “to get things done”
Ownership – Assume responsibility and accountability for the successful completion of tasks
Initiating action – Taking prompt action to accomplish objectives, being proactive
Decision Making – Ability to make balanced and sound recommendations and decisions
Learn more/Apply for this position
The euro and US and European stock markets have sunk amid growing concerns that political instability in Italy could entail broader uncertainty in the Eurozone. According to the latest data, stocks across Europe took a hit, with Italy's benchmark stock index falling 2.7%.
Sputnik discussed the importance of Italy's political stability for the global markets with Lorenzo Codogno, Visiting Professor in Practice at the European Institute of the London School of Economics and Political Science, former chief economist and director general at the Treasury Department of the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance.
Sputnik: The political uncertainty has sent shockwaves across the global markets. Why is Italy's political stability an important factor for the markets?
Well it is an important factor because the country has a very high debt to GDP ratio and clearly it is vulnerable, and has to go to the market to finance its debt on a monthly basis and the amounts are sizable. So clearly if there is any shift in the market sentiment and the appetite for Italian bonds reduces, it would have an immediate impact on the government bond yield spread. That could provoke another shockwave in terms of domestic credit, because banks have bought the portfolio of bonds on the asset side, and they're also facing issues of stability, so it's not just the government bond market, it affects the banks. We've seen stock prices very weak over the past few days, especially for bank stocks, so I think that is the kind of background we're looking at.
READ MORE: MEP Blames EU, France, Germany for Pushing Italy Into Political Turmoil
Sputnik: Would you agree that there are all chances that the ongoing turmoil in Italy would lead to even broader instability within the eurozone, considering the fact that there will probably be snap elections and it's quite likely the eurosceptic parties will only strengthen their position?
Lorenzo Codogno: First of all, it's not clear what's going to happen, because the latest pieces of information seem to suggest that maybe there is a way to kind of re-launch the idea of the Five-Star joining forces together with the League on a platform which is less anti-Europe, so they might actually commit on euro participation and fiscal sustainability. By doing so they might actually get the green light from the president. However, the risk is clear that if this turmoil continues, it might spread out into other countries in Europe and, as we have seen in the past, it might be contagious.
Sputnik: What is your take on Carlo Cottarelli, Italy's pick for a caretaker prime minister?
© AP Photo / Gregorio Borgia Analyst: 'Italy Sees Collapse of Everything on Left Side of Political Spectrum'
On a personal basis he's clearly a very well-known economist and the perfect choice, but they have an almost impossible task because even if they manage to have a government, a squad, and present it to the president, almost for sure they will fail to gain the confidence vote in Parliament and effectively no party would support him, so they would remain extremely weak and just to have a caretaker until the next elections, and two months without a government, effectively, would be very risky for Italy, so I think it's not a good choice at the moment, it would be a better solution to have a full-fledged government in place.
Sputnik: What do we know about the current stance regarding Five Star and the League regarding the euro, because they dropped their initial ambition that they spoke of, of exiting the euro; they were talking about trying to reform it, what is their position regarding the euro now?
Before the elections, they had some eurosceptic language in their programs and particularly on the League side clearly they were not in favor of further European integration. On the Five-Star Movement side, there were calls to hold a referendum at some point in the future. During the campaign they kind of toned down their statements, but after the election results they agreed on what they called a contract in which there were some worrying statements such as asking the ECB to cancel 150 billion euros in Italian debt or the idea of asking for a smooth, negotiated way to exit the euro, this was the draft version of the contract, the final version didn't have these statements, but clearly people understood that they had this kind of unusual attitude towards Europe. So my feeling is that they have to scale down their ambitions quite substantially in order to have the green light of the president. The president stopped this government's candidacy of Mr. Savona who is perceived to be deeply Eurosceptic. So I think it is still possible to have an anti-establishment government, but they have to scale back substantially and make a strong commitment to Europe, otherwise, it would be difficult to see this government take office.
The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
Two 18-year-old men were arrested after one of the men pointed a laser at an Oklahoma City Police Department helicopter Friday.
According to the police report, one suspect, 18-year-old Joseph Patterson, admitted to buying a green laser from a convenient store and pointing it twice at the helicopter flying over TGI Friday's on 4239 NW Expressway.
Officers inside the helicopter notified a fellow officer near the restaurant.
Patterson, along with their coworker, 18-year-old David Haws, were questioned and arrested by the ground officer. Both men are employees at the restaurant.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
× Seattle Uber driver returns woman's purse after officer sends them text and a selfie
SEATTLE – An Uber driver who was demanding money to return a woman's purse quickly changed their mind Sunday after a Seattle police officer sent them a text and a selfie.
The woman contacted officer Eric Michl on Capitol Hill around 2 a.m., saying she'd left their purse, wallet and ID in the Uber.
They were distraught because they were scheduled to fly home later that day, and worried they wouldn't be able to without my identification.
They said they had called the driver and offered to pay their fare if they brought them things back, but they refused and demanded more money.
Michl called the driver and left a voicemail. Then, they sent a text, telling the driver they could be arrested and their car could be impounded if they didn't return the woman's purse.
To prove they were a police officer, Michl also sent a selfie.
The driver quickly brought the woman's purse back, saying he'd been busy taking other fares.
Speech to Text for Hundreds attend funeral for 1st Lieutenant Cullen of Bicknel
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
that's as hundreds came out to say their final goodbyes to first lieutenant clayton cullen. cullen died in january during a military exercise in california. tonight... news 10's garrett brown continues our coverage of bringing home a hero. it has been a long emotional week for the city of bicknell. it started monday when first lieutenant clayton cullen was brought home from california. since then the knox county community has paid their respects to the fallen solider. that included today where everyone gave them one last goodbye. cars lined the parking lot of north knox high school for first lieutenant clayton cullen's funeral. friends, family and fellow service members were there for their final send off. but just like the knox county community has done all week everyone came out to show their support from the school to the cemetery. "being in the military doing what they did is from what i understand was a dream of theirs and of couse their mother and father were extremely proud as was the whole community." firetrucks from all over lined main street to pay their respects to cullen. the city fire department also draped an american flag over the street. the indiana patriot guard who followed behind the family was happy to see this local support. "i've done over 40 active duty and kia funerals and in small towns this is what you see time and time again." finally cullen made their last stop in the bicknell memorial cemetery. loved ones of this army helicopter pilot filled the cemetery for one last salute and goodbye. "It's reassuring when people they don't even know are willing to take time off and stand out here all day in the cold for their son." a final send off for first lieutenant clayton cullen. a man who gave their lives to protect ours. those whom cullen served with paid their respect to their fallen comrade as well. soldiers at fort carson where cullen served performed a missing man formation over the post. this video was posted to facebook by a fort carson solider. the missing man formation is a salute to fallen pilots. not only was this for liuetenant cullen but chief warrant officer burke who also lost is life in the same exercise. the video also shows the same helicopters both soilders used in their training. back to you. here in terre haute... the 81st troop
By Bejay Browne
PROTRACTED delays in the opening of a new green point at Avdimou have led to piles of garden waste and unwanted household items littering large areas of the countryside, according to local authorities, who are appealing to the minister of the environment to step in.
“This is an environmental disaster and the levels of rubbish are unacceptable,” Petros Foutas, the community board secretary of nearby Pissouri, told the Sunday Mail.
People are dumping green waste such as, tree branches and trimmings ‘all over the place' including roads, pavements, cliffs, ravines and in river beds, all of which is dangerous and cause environmental pollution.
The nearest spot residents can legally deposit rubbish are the official tips at Paphos or Limassol, but the distance is a crucial factor, and people won't travel that far, they said.
“This is visual pollution, it's untidy and it undervalues our quality of life. It also impacts the flora, fauna and wildlife of the area.”
Problems arose after the closure of the authorised rubbish tip, in accordance with EU directives, around four years ago.
“We had to find an alternative site to dump rubbish and we have been waiting for a long time for the government to open the site at Avdimou. They went through the tender procedure but we are still waiting for it to operate,” they said.
Green points can take garden waste, furniture and electronics.
The community council is now pressing all of the villages in the surrounding areas to take action, as the new green point will be a regional one.
Household rubbish in Pissouri is collected and disposed of on a daily basis by two trucks which take this waste to a new site at Kantou. But the problem of where to take garden waste such as trimmings, as well as unwanted household items remains.
“This has led to people dumping stuff everywhere,” they said.
Following the closure of the old tip, Pissouri community council attempted to implement a number of short term measures to alleviate the dire situation, but were knocked back by the authorities.
The council requested that the ministry of the environment grant them a permit to use private land, set a considerable distance from any inhabited areas, to dump waste which could then be taken to Paphos or Limassol, but they were turned down.
“They said that we had to wait for the green site to open, but in the meantime, we are left in no man's land and our rivers are being polluted by illegal dumping,” they said.
Community leader of Avdimou village, Andreas Fotiou, said that the local authority had ‘quarrelled' with the ministry over delays in opening the new green point facility.
“They told us that they don't have enough money to employ someone to operate the facility to be there all day to take in the rubbish,” they said.
They added that the entire system is brand new and is ‘sitting unused' since February. The village leader also noted that the problem extends to other green points in the area.
“They just don't put people in to operate them,” they said.
Frustrated by the delays and rubbish piling up in Avdimou the community board has created a small green spot next to the unopened site to provide ‘something' for the residents.
“We put all of the rubbish there and along with the help of the fire trucks, we try to solve this huge problem on our own,” they said.
Pissouri resident Simon Carroll said that villagers are angered over the mounds of rubbish piling up.
“There is rubbish everywhere and it's getting worse,” they said, adding that piles of dumped garden waste and furniture are littering the countryside.
One of the worst examples is found on the approach to Pissouri where garden waste is falling down the hillside, they said.
Recently, a local garden maintenance company in Pissouri were caught red handed when they dumped rubbish and were ordered to remove it immediately said Carroll.
“People are really annoyed and if you walk in the countryside, you will encounter rubbish everywhere.”
Foutas said that local authorities intend to band together and press the government to open the green point.
Agriculture and environment minister Nicos Kouyialis was unavailable for comment.
A Florida woman was arrested for allegedly killing their mother and gouging out their eyes while high on drugs.
In a report by the Sun-Sentinel, Palm Beach County Sheriff's deputies found the body of Francisca Monteiro-Balla, 55, on the floor of their garage with slashes to their head, arms, chest, and stomach.
Them eyes were missing.
Them 32-year-old daughter Camille Balla, was found in front of the house covered in blood, according to the newspaper. They were arrested on Friday on suspicion of committing murder, the outlet reported.
“I killed my mother and I need help,” Balla told the deputies who found her, according to NBC Miami. They then allegedly kept yelling “I'm a murderer!”, the police report says.
The home was stained with blood throughout the house, with Monteiro-Balla's eyes found inside of a “nearby cardboard box,” according to the outlet.
Camille Balla Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office
Balla allegedly told authorities they had smoked marijuana before the killing and suspected it had either Flakka or PCP in it, NBC Miami reported.
Flakka has previously been mentioned in other gruesome deaths, such as the 2016 death of a Florida couple at the hands of a then-19-year-old Florida State University student who was high on the drug.
They were allegedly caught eating part of one victim's face before two deputies used all their strength to pry them off the victim's body. In December, their lawyers filed a notice of intent for an insanity defense.
WATCH: What You Need to Know About Flakka
Balla appeared in court on Monday and was denied bond by a judge, according to The Palm Beach Post. Them attorney, Jonathan Bull, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
In February, a 20-year-old woman was found outside of a church after they ripped their own eyes out while in a meth-induced psychotic state.
Kaylee Muthart, from South Carolina, told PEOPLE earlier this month that they were living the “same life, but I'm just learning everything in a new way.”
“Life's more beautiful now, life's more beautiful than it was being on drugs. It is a horrible world to live in,” Muthart said.
They explained they had stopped taking meth for a brief period of time before the incident, but returned to it as they started to feel isolated and lonely.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Just days before they were to enter a rehab facility, Muthart used meth and experienced a hallucination that warped their perception of their relationship with God, and then led them to the railroad tracks outside that church on an early February morning.
“I thought everyone who had died was stuck in their graves, that God was up in Heaven alone, and that I had to sacrifice something important to be able to release everyone in the world to God,” they say of their hallucination. “It made the world darker, and took everything I believed in and distorted them to make me go down the path to pulling out my eyes.”
Police arrested a 16-year-old boy on Friday for snatching handbags from two women on different occasions in Limassol.
According to the head of the Limassol CID, Ioannis Soteriades, the 16-year-old was arrested on Friday morning after reportedly snatching a bag from a woman on their way to a bank in Kato Polemidia. The woman told police that a young person on a motorcycle snatched their bag, which had €3,000 in cash in it.
Police were able to locate the teenager and found €2,500 in their possession.
The suspect reportedly admitted to also being involved in another bag theft on Thursday from a 43-year-old woman, who was slightly injured after they were dragged on the ground during their attempt to hold on to the bag while one of the thieves was pulling it away. The perpetrators managed to get away with the bag.
Soteriades said that the suspect, who has had run-ins with police in the past, is being investigated for involvement in five other similar cases.
On Thursday, another woman, 66, had reported that their bag was also snatched by two men on a motorcycle while they were walking along the street in another Limassol area. The woman told police the thieves were around 16 to 17 years-old and were riding a black motorcycle with no licence plates.
WASHINGTON (CNS) -- In December, the Federal Communications Commission overturned the rules governing net neutrality and an open Internet that had been place for all of two years.
And before January was over, one of the commissioners who voted to overturn those rules suggested that the FCC should consider doing away with much -- if not all -- of the regulations governing children's television.
In a lengthy, 2,250-word posting on the FCC's blog, commissioner Michael O'Rielly declared it was "time for the commission ... to reconsider the ineffective and burdensome requirements currently imposed on our nation's broadcasters to air a certain amount of educational and informational children's programming on a weekly basis, colloquially referred to as kidvid."
O'Rielly called it part of the current FCC's mission to "eliminate or modify outdated media regulations."
The biggest part of the regulations that TV viewers see is that every over-the-air station is required to air three hours each week of educational or informational programming aimed at children ages 16 and under -- and during a time of the day when children would be watching TV. There also are restrictions on the amount and type of advertising children can be shown.
After the Children's Television Act was passed in 1990, no minimum requirement was in the bill, a fact noted by members of Congress. Then-Rep. (now Sen.) Edward Markey, D-Massachusetts, said at the time: "The legislation does not require the FCC to set quantitative guidelines for educational programming, but instead requires the commission to base its (license renewal) decision upon an evaluation of a station's overall service to children."
"Had the commission heeded these statements, there likely would not be a need for this blog," O'Rielly said. What is more true: Had broadcasters heeded the intent of the law, the FCC would have not needed to impose a three-hours-per-week requirement.
O'Rielly noted how "broadcasters are required to specify in writing the objective of the program and the target child audience, as well as provide programming information in the form of on-air identifications, program guides, and include in their public file quarterly reports the exact programs they aired in the previous quarter and the programming they plan to air in the next quarter."
This requirement got some broadcasters in hot water when they tried to justify the airing of plainly noneducational fare like "The Flintstones" under the regulations. Thanks to the public filing, they were caught and shamed.
Further regulations in 2004 that drew O'Rielly's ire in their blog posting included "capping the amount of permitted preemption of core programming for other programs such as breaking news or live sports. The order also expanded various commercial limitations to core programming, including bans on website displays and host selling."
West Coast stations tried to justify not airing children's program due to live sports events that could begin as early as 9 a.m. Pacific time, not counting pregame shows. "Host selling" refers to shows featuring toys sold by one company, with the show being sponsored by that company, which blurs the line in young minds between fantasy and reality, regardless of how educational such a show may be. Or may not be.
O'Rielly lauds, and rightly so, the quality children's programming on PBS, which is not bound by the regulations because PBS doesn't air commercials.
But commercial networks and station groups could just as easily make programming deals for the same providers PBS uses. Instead, commercial TV has farmed out production from its own studios.
O'Rielly reminds their readers there also are more children's programs on cable TV channels geared toward kids, as well as streaming services, and new "Sesame Street" episodes on HBO. All this, they argue, is sufficient evidence to ditch the three-hour regulatory requirement.
The Saturday morning children's programming ghetto still exists, although the CBS affiliate in Washington was airing an "E/I" nature show during the noon hour one recent Sunday -- just before a college basketball game.
But stations also have largely abandoned the youngest part of the children's demographic to air shows geared more toward teens and adolescents -- and along with it, more ad minutes targeted to groups with either more buying power or more nagging power. This would seem to jibe with O'Rielly's contention that "there is scant evidence to indicate that children's programming on broadcast stations has improved," adding: "There is also no scientific proof that the kidvid requirements specifically have led to developmental benefits for children."
O'Rielly pins four specific faults to the children's broadcasting requirements:
-- They pre-empt "more desired or valuable local programming," although it's a stretch to define how local a college football game in Pennsylvania is to viewers in Oregon.
-- They've killed "shorter and infrequent programming" like ABC's "Schoolhouse Rock" and "Afterschool Specials," both of which were pretty much dead before the rules took effect.
-- They interfere with "development of internet content," although keeping kids away from a computer screen has proven to be tougher for parents than keeping them away from the tube.
-- They "impose costly and burdensome paperwork," but that's part of the cost of doing business on the public's airwaves.
"I have serious concerns about the changes contemplated by Commissioner O'Rielly and how they would negatively impact kids coast-to-coast," Markey said in a statement responding to O'Rielly's blog posting. "Families around our country, particularly in low-income areas, rely on free, over-the-air children's programming as a way to educate their children."
"O'Rielly's proposal should be dead on arrival. It is unthinkable that the FCC would turn its back on children --- and the law," said Adrianne B. Furniss, executive director of the Benton Foundation, which works to ensure that media and telecommunications serve the public interest and enhance U.S. democracy, unhappy that O'Rielly would want to sever one of commercial broadcasters' "last public interest obligations."
- - -
Pattison is media editor for Catholic News Service.
- - -
When you keep your eye on TV, what do you see? What are your likes or dislikes? What are your concerns and criticisms? Be as general or as specific as you wish. Send your comments to: Mark Pattison, Media Editor, Catholic News Service, 3211 Fourth St. NE, Washington, DC 20017.
TOKYO, April 28 Japanese government bonds firmed on Friday after a two-year auction met strong demand, as investors awaited details of the Bank of Japan's regular bond-purchasing operations for next month.
The benchmark 10-year JGB yield was steady at 0.015 percent , while 10-year JGB futures ended up 0.04 point at 151.02.
At the Ministry of Finance's sale of 2.2 trillion yen ($19.79 billion) of two-year JGBs with a 0.10 percent coupon, some 97.2833 percent of the bids were accepted at the lowest price of 100.585.
The sale drew bids of 5.51 times the amount offered, significantly above the previous sale's bid-to-cover ratio of 3.82 times, indicating stronger demand for the bonds.
The two-year JGB yield was down 1.5 basis points at minus 0.210 percent, while the five-year yield shed 1 basis point to minus 0.160 percent.
In the superlong zone, the 20-year JGB yield shed 1.5 basis points to 0.555 percent, while the 30-year JGB yield also fell 1.5 basis points to 0.780 percent.
The BOJ will release details of its planned purchases in May later on Friday at 0800 GMT. In April, the central bank trimmed the amount of shorter-dated JGBs it bought compared to March.
The BOJ's massive asset purchase programme has reduced market liquidity. In an attempt to reduce volatility, the central bank has been tweaking its bond-buying.
However, BOJ officials say they no longer place as much importance on the guidance as before, or on when to remove or change their language, because the recent slowdown in the central bank's bond buying has not disrupted markets.
While some officials see no problem removing the language, others fret of the risk that markets could interpret such a move as signalling a full-scale tapering of the BOJ's asset purchases.
BOJ Governor Haruhiko Kuroda has remained non-committal, repeating only that the bank's main policy target was now interest rates, not the pace of bond buying.
They have also stressed that the BOJ can now achieve its interest rate targets with less bond buying than before, given its increasing dominance in the bond market.
"Since we adopted our yield curve control, the actual amount of bond buying has fluctuated from time to time. Sometimes the pace is above or below the guidance ... But I don't think we are facing any problems achieving our yield targets while having the 80-trillion-yen guidance in place," Kuroda told a news conference on Thursday after the BOJ's regular policy meeting, when asked about the guidance.
On Thursday, the BOJ kept monetary policy unchanged as expected, but offered its most optimistic assessment of the economy in nine years, signalling its confidence that a pick-up in overseas demand will help sustain an export-driven recovery.
Japanese economic data released early in the session showed Japan's core consumer prices rose at a slower than expected pace in March from a year earlier, but they posted their third straight month of increase, driven by rising energy costs. ($1 = 111.1600 yen) (Reporting by Tokyo markets team; Additional reporting by Leika Kihara; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
In a study published today in PLoS ONE, a team of researchers reports solving a medical mystery in a day's work. In record-time detective work, the scientists narrowed down the genetic cause of intellectual disability in four male patients to a deletion of a small section of the X chromosome that had not been previously linked to a medical condition.
Even with the current technological advances, solving medical mysteries such as this one usually entails a much longer period of research. "We found it very interesting how fast we went from knowing nothing about the genetic cause of one patient's condition, to discovering the cause and finding three more individuals with the same problems," said senior author Dr. Daryl A. Scott, associate professor of molecular and human genetics at Baylor College of Medicine. "It took us a year to get all the documentation for writing and publishing the report, but the actual discovery was within hours. It was essential to our discovery that we had at our disposal technology to find and search genomic databases, and to connect electronically and exchange information with other researchers around the world." Modern day medical detective work
It all began on a Thursday, Scott's day to visit patients with developmental disabilities in clinic. "For one of the patients, a young male with intellectual disability, developmental delay, macrocephaly (enlarged head) and very flexible joints, our genetics lab indicated that the patient did not seem to have any known genetic changes that could explain their condition," said Scott. "I saw a relatively small deletion in the X chromosome, identified as Xp11.22; it had only a few genes in it. The lab indicated that there had been no previous reports about this particular part of the genome causing any kind of medical problems."
Two of the genes in the delete section of the patient's X chromosome were MAGED1 and GSPT2. "To have an idea of what these genes might do, I searched a database that describes the functions of genes in the mouse and found that mice that have a deletion of the Maged1 gene have neurocognitive behavioral abnormalities. This caught my interest as it related to my patient's condition."
To make their case that deletions in Xp11.22 caused the clinical features of their patient, Scott needed to find more patients presenting similar clinical conditions and deletions. They searched two large genomic databases looking for more patients.
After searching the DECIPHER database, Scott found one patient carrying almost the exact same deletion as their patient, but there was no information about the individual's clinical problems. Scott immediately sent an electronic message to the physician, co-author Dr. Alex Henderson, at The Newcastle upon Tyne Hospitals in England, in order learn more about the clinical characteristics of their patient.
Then, Scott contacted co-author Dr. Seema Lalani, associate professor of molecular and human Genetics at Baylor and assistant laboratory director of cytogenetics at Baylor Genetics. Lalani searched the Baylor Genetics database of 60,000 cases for patients with the deletion.
After carrying on this detective electronic work, Scott went to see their patient. By early afternoon, they were back in their office checking their email. They found a message from Henderson. They had two male patients (siblings) with the deletion, and intellectual disability, developmental delay and super mobile joints! Shortly after, Lalani informed Scott that co-author Dr. Patricia Evans, professor of pediatrics, neurology and neurotherapeutics at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical School in Dallas had a patient with the Xp11.22 deletion and the same clinical features as Scott's patient.
"In a day's work we identified four patients in two continents, involving 3 families and it was all put together within 8 hours," Scott said. "None of the patients and their families had an explanation for the condition before this work. Our findings allowed us to provide them with a genetic diagnosis."
"In every case the mothers are carriers for these deletions but they do not have any apparent symptoms," said Scott. "Yet, they can have male children that have significant problems. With this information, we can say to the parents that they have a 50 percent chance of passing this X chromosome with the deletion to a male child. Female children have a 50 percent chance of being carriers. This represents a significant change for the parents; they can now make informed decisions about future family planning."
###
Other contributors of this work include Christina Grau, Molly Starkovich, Mahshid S. Azamian, Fan Xia and Sau Wai Cheung.
This work was supported by the National Institutes of Health/ National Institute of General Medical Sciences Initiative for Maximizing Student Development [R25 GM056929-16].
We are still more than a week away from the famed total solar eclipse of 2017. The event, which will be experienced in some way across much of the U.S., is rare but thankfully, it won't go uncelebrated.
Now, just to put it in perspective, this eclipse will take place on August 21 over a period of a few minutes and will be most impacting and visible across a swath of the U.S. that is less than 100 miles wide. So, yes, it will get dark that day – for a few minutes. But there is certainly a load of prepublicity and, of course, savvy marketers that are promoting travel to the heaviest impacted areas – also known as the area of totality.
You can buy special eclipse glasses, t-shirts and other memorabilia. Experts have been all over the media with predictions on animal behavior with bird and insects and reptiles going into night mode during the event.
The bottom line is that there is a load of attention being placed on the eclipse that will only last a few brief minutes, but has captured the attention of the country. So, prepare for at least a little darkness unless you have made travel plans to make it to the prime viewing area. Hopefully, this novel event will distract the country for a little while from political strife and international challenges. And hopefully, Mother Nature will cooperate and it will be a clear day – because nothing ruins an eclipse more than clouds. Happy eclipse watching, East Texas!
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
SAN DIEGO (KUSI) — The body of a United States Marine sergeant killed when a Marine helicopter crashed in Mississippi last month will be brought home to San Diego this week to be laid to rest.
Marine Sgt. Chad Elliot Jenson was one of 15 Marines who were killed when a KC-130 tanker crashed last month into a soybean field 85 miles north of Jackson, Mississippi. A Navy corpsman was also killed.
Debris from the KC-130 tanker was scattered for miles and witnesses described seeing black smoke spewing from the spiraling plane before it crashed into a soybean field about 85 miles north of Jackson. One witness said some bodies were found more than a mile away.
The flight took off from Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point in North Carolina and was heading to Naval Air Field El Centro in California and was carrying members from a Newburgh, New York-based reserve squadron.
Jenson's body will arrive on Tuesday and be buried at El Camino Memorial Park in Sorrento Valley. People wishing to pay their respects are asked to line the route carrying American Flags as they are returned home. A final route is still being determined.
Jenson served with the 2nd Raider Battalion Special Operations Command stationed at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina.
Outwardly at least, the leaders of Greece and Turkey on Thursday held on to their respective positions on Cyprus, a major dispute between the two neighbouring nations.
The decades-long division of the island was among the issues discussed during Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan's official visit to Greece – the first by a Turkish head of state in 65 years.
During a joint news conference in Athens following talks, Erdoğan and their host Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras engaged in somewhat chafed – if courteous – crosstalk on Cyprus.
“I am 43 years old and for 43 years this [Cyprus problem] has been an open issue,” Tsipras said.
“For as long as l can remember, one side has blamed the other for the failure in negotiations. But we must not forget that this is happening because 43 years ago Turkey carried out an illegal invasion and occupation of Cyprus.”
Responding, Erdoğan remarked that, due to their age, they were perhaps better versed in the ins and outs of the Cyprus issue.
On the continued presence of Turkish troops on the island, the Turkish leader said no foreign troops would be stationed on Cyprus today had the Greek Cypriots voted for the Annan Plan in 2004.
But, they added, the Greek Cypriots made “the mistake” of rejecting that blueprint for a settlement.
Greece and Turkey, they said, are the “mother countries” and guarantors of Cyprus, and both nations desire a just and viable solution.
Referring to the reunification talks in Switzerland earlier this year – which ended in stalemate over disagreements on security and guarantees – Erdoğan said it was the Greek Cypriots who walked out.
There are certain issues which over the years have been used as pretexts, last-minute subterfuges to prevent the two sides from reaching an agreement, they added pointedly.
For their part, Tsipras expressed the hope that Cyprus talks would resume as soon as possible.
Government spokesperson Nicos Christodoulides said Nicosia was monitoring the Greek-Turkish talks in Athens but that it would be premature to comment on their outcome while Erdoğan's visit was still in progress.
The Greek Prime Minister will be giving President Nicos Anastasiades a full briefing on the Athens talks when the two meet in Brussels next week on the sidelines of the European Council.
Christodoulides said Nicosia and Athens are in sync that any new multilateral conference on Cyprus must be preceded by thorough preparation and talks between the two guarantor powers – Greece and Turkey.
“The message from the Greek government, in consultation with the Republic of Cyprus, is clear: there needs to be a preparation, a dialogue between the two countries [Greece and Turkey] on the chapter of security and guarantees, so that we can determine whether the groundwork exists for a re-convening of the conference of Cyprus with a real chance for a successful outcome.”
In Crans-Montana the talks collapsed due to the Turkish positions, Christodoulides noted.
“Should Turkey persist with the same positions, then a new conference would fail,” they said, adding that this is an eventuality the government wants to avoid.
Also on Thursday, Erdoğan met with Greek President Prokopis Pavlopoulos, after which the two men reiterated their respective outlooks on how a Cyprus solution may be achieved.
Pavlopoulos said any settlement should be consistent with international law and the EU acquis.
For their part, Erdoğan accused the European Union of failing to deliver on its promises to the Turkish Cypriots.
On Friday, the Turkish leader is due to travel to northern Greece and visit the Muslim community there.
Earlier, Erdoğan riled their hosts with suggestions of revisions to a 1923 treaty, the Treaty of Lausanne, which established the borders of Turkey and therefore of Greece.
Back in Nicosia, Diko leader and presidential candidate Nicolas Papadopoulos said one should manage expectations of Erdoğan's historic visit to Greece.
“Turkey is unwilling to budge from its long-standing and inflexible stance on Cyprus.”
That was because Ankara has no incentive for wanting to solve the problem, they added.
University of Leeds researchers have mathematically examined plasma jets from supermassive black holes to determine why certain types of jets disintegrate into huge plumes.
Their study, published in Nature Astronomy, has found that these jets can be susceptible to an instability never before considered as important to the jet's flow and is similar to an instability that often develops in water flowing inside a curved pipe or a rotating cylindrical vessel.
Dr Kostas Gourgouliatos conducted this research while based in the School of Mathematics at Leeds.  They are now based at Durham University. They said: "These jets have a narrow oval shape which gives them a curved boundary. It is this shape that creates a weak point in the jet.
"Instability starts at the curved boundary, travels upstream on the jet and then converges at one point -- what we refer to as the 'reconfinement point'. Below this point the jet stays tidy and tight but everything above will be destroyed and creates a large cosmic plume.
"When the jet disintegrates into a plume it releases heat, making them easier to spot on telescopes. The jets and their plumes are so bright that sometimes they outshine their host galaxies and are always more easily spotted than black holes, which are inferred indirectly, in space observations."
The study explains why the extragalactic jets, which at first appear remarkably stable, may become suddenly disrupted and produce plume-like structures.
Study co-author Professor Serguei Komissarov, also from the School of Mathematics, said: "We did expect instability associated with velocity shear to develop at the jet reconfinement but not as fast.
"Moreover, the observed instability exhibited some rather unexpected features. In turned out that it was related to the centrifugal force acting on the fluid elements travelling along curved streamlines. This centrifugal instability is well studied but nobody expected it to be important for the jet dynamics."
###
Further information
The research paper, Reconfinement and Loss of Stability in Jets from Active Galactic Nuclei, is published on Nature Astronomy 11 December 2017. (DOI: 10.1038/s41550-017-0338)
For additional information, an advanced copy of the paper and to request interviews please contact Anna Harrison, Press Officer at the University of Leeds, on +44 (0)113 34 34196 or pressoffice@leeds.ac.uk
The authors acknowledge Science and Technology Facilities Council grant ST/N000676/1. Simulations were performed on the Science and Technology Facilities Council-funded DiRAC/UK Magnetohydrodynamics Science Consortia machine, hosted as part of and enabled through the Advanced Research Computing high-performance computing resources and support team at the University of Leeds.
University of Leeds
The University of Leeds is one of the largest higher education institutions in the UK, with more than 33,000 students from more than 150 different countries, and a member of the Russell Group of research-intensive universities.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
GENEVA (Sputnik) - UN Special Rapporteur on the negative impact of the unilateral coercive measures Idriss Jazairy told Sputnik that they proposed to establish a special mechanism under the auspices of the United Nations, through which Damascus would be able to discuss the easing of the Western sanctions against Syria.
"I would like to propose the creation of a technical working group, with representatives from all parties placing sanctions on Syria, to find a way to enable sellers, financial intermediaries and humanitarians in Syria to do the work that is so desperately needed. One recommendation of this group could be the creation of a procurement office under the UN in Syria, that could quickly find solutions as they arise, and which could give comfort to banks and sellers that transactions being carried out would not violate any sanction regime," Jazairy said.
READ MORE: UN: Fighting in Southern Syria Prompts Thousands to Flee Toward Jordan Border
© REUTERS / Aboud Hamam/File Photo US Military Convoys Arrive in Manbij Amid Rumored Pullout From Syria - Reports
The special rapporteur said that such a mechanism should also be empowered to make decisions on exceptions to the sanctions. Jazairy suggested that the office should be located in Damascus, and the specifics of its work will be discussed in Geneva. They noted that they discussed this idea with representatives of the Syrian authorities who stated that they would not object to this mechanism.
The special rapporteur expressed the hope that the possibility of creating such a mechanism would be discussed at a meeting between Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President Donald Trump in Helsinki on July 16.
In addition, the UN official noted that they would like to visit North Korea and Zimbabwe in 2019 to conduct an inspection but has not consulted with the authorities of the countries about possible visits yet.
SAN MARCOS, Texas — Griffin Kinney scored 17 points with seven rebounds and Appalachian State upended Texas State 59-56 on Saturday night.
The Mountaineers (10-15, 5-7 Sun Belt Conference) trailed by one at intermission, but they stayed close early in the second half when a Kinney layup tied it 49-all with 7:35 to play. Shelby Adams's jumper gave Texas State a 54-53 lead with 4:32 remaining. The Bobcats (14-11, 7-5) did not score a field goal after that as Kinney, Craig Hinton, Justin Forrest and Tyrell Johnson each made a single foul shot in the stretch to give the Mountaineers the edge.
Ronshad Shabazz added 15 points for Appalachian State. Forrest had eight points.
Nijal Pearson scored 14 points with four rebounds for the Bobcats, who have lost three straight. Tyler Blount added 10 points.
Armed herdsmen have killed two Catholic priests and 17 worshippers during an attack on a parish in Nigeria. Picture: Reuters/Sergio Flores
Johannesburg - Armed herdsmen have killed two Catholic priests and 17 other worshippers during an attack on St. Ignatius Quasi Parish in the Ayar-Mbalom community of Gwer East Local Government Area of Nigeria's Benue State.
Punch Nigeria reported that during Tuesday's morning's violence the attackers also burnt down over 100 houses. Most of the victims were attacked while returning from morning mass.
The attack came barely four days after the murder of ten people by herdsmen in Guma Local Government Area and the destruction of several houses by men suspected to be military personnel in Naka, Gwer West Local Government Area of the state.
Nigeria has been plagued by ongoing violent land disputes between nomadic Fulani herdsmen and farmers, leaving hundreds dead and many more injured.
The escalation of pastoral conflicts in recent years has been triggered by the effects of climate change in Nigeria's north, with lower rainfall and increased desertification of grazing land forcing herdsmen to look farther south to farmlands in a region often described as Nigeria's food basket.
Farmers who are keen to protect their means of livelihood and their crops from being damaged by thousands of cattle have often clashed with the herdsmen.
African News Agency/ANA
Workers walk to work during the morning rush hour in the financial district of Canary Wharf in London, Britain, January 26, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh
LONDON S&P Global saw no surprises in the launch of Britain's divorce from the EU, and nothing has happened in recent months to make the agency rethink its negative rating outlook on the country, its top sovereign analyst said on Thursday.
S&P cut Britain triple-A rating by two notches straight after it voted to leave the European Union last year, the first time it had made such a large cut to a top-rated country.
READ MORE: Britain does not expect £50 billion Brexit bill, says Davis
Formally launching the two-year countdown to its departure on Wednesday, Prime Minister Theresa May said there was no turning back.
Moritz Kraemer, S&P's chief of sovereign ratings, said their speech was largely as expected and there had been "no surprises", though their tone was "more conciliatory than it could have been".
"The (EU) governments know that they have to hold the (Brexit) discussions in good faith," they told Reuters.
RECOMMENDED: Brexit's cliff edge - 'business as usual' not an option
Britain's economy has proved far more resilient to uncertainty caused by the Brexit process than most economists - including those from S&P - had predicted.
That has raised questions as to whether the firm's negative outlook, which suggests a greater chance of another rating cut, is still justified.
In Kraemer's view it is. "We have seen nothing recently to make us rethink the negative outlook on the UK rating," they said.
The situation has been further complicated this week as Scotland's parliament has called for a second referendum on independence, which voters north of the border rejected in 2014.
Efforts to salvage a power-sharing government in Northern Ireland have also remained unsuccessful, further muddying a debate over whether there will have to be a return to a more distinct border with the Republic of Ireland, which remains part of the EU.
"In Northern Ireland it all comes down to the same old cleavages in society... but it is an additional complication (as the UK starts the Brexit process)."
But "the fact (Scottish National Party leader) Nicola Sturgeon has said they want to have another referendum is certainly not a surprise," Kraemer said.
(Reporting by Marc Jones; editing by John Stonestreet)
Scroll for more content...
Dozens of parasitic worms were found burrowing in the feet of a young Canadian couple after a recent trip to the Dominican Republic.
"We were scratching our toes for almost the duration of the trip," Eddie Zytner said.
Zytner, 25, and their girlfriend, Katie Stephens, 22, of Windsor, Ontario, returned home January 18 with itchy feet. Four days later, that itch turned into painful swelling and blisters, they said.
The pain became so intense that they could not tolerate shoes or socks and had to rely on crutches to walk.
Zytner shared a photo on their Facebook account that shows tortuous red tracks on their left foot.
After multiple visits to the hospital, the couple was diagnosed with cutaneous larva migrans, caused by hookworm larvae that probably entered their skin while they were barefoot on the beaches of Punta Cana.
The parasites typically live in the intestines of dogs, cats and other wild animals, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The larvae burrow through human skin that comes into contact with sand or soil that has been contaminated with animal feces.
"To anybody traveling somewhere tropical, please be careful when in the sand and wear shoes!" Stephens pleaded on Facebook last week after receiving the diagnosis.
The condition typically goes away without treatment, but antiparasitic medications such as albendazole or ivermectin can help, according to the CDC. The hookworm larvae generally don't survive more than six weeks in humans.
Both drugs are included on the World Health Organization's list of essential medications identified for basic health-care systems. However, they are not available in Canada and can be accessed only through the federal government's Special Access Programme on a case-by-case basis. In contrast, the drugs are available in the US with a prescription.
"The drug companies don't think they're going to sell enough to make it worth their while," said Dr. Stan Houston, a professor of infectious disease and public health at the University of Alberta, who was not involved in the couple's treatment. "So that is the reason they're not licensed in Canada."
According to Zytner, the couple's request for the drugs was initially denied, but they eventually got them from a local physician who was dual certified in Canada and the US.
Zytner said their symptoms have improved significantly since they began treatment last week.
"We've been off crutches for a couple of days now. We can finally put some pressure on our feet," they said. "The worms are pretty much faded away."
Zytner also has advice for anyone planning a trip to the Caribbean: "Call the resort they're staying at and see if they clean up all the beaches."
"Wear shoes," they added.
Bridge Creek students go back to school today, marking the start of the second year of utilizing the four-day week.
They are one of a handful of districts in the state using the four-day school week with hopes to save money and recruit teachers. Bridge Creek Superintendent David Morrow says so far so good, with around $140,000 saved last year and student achievement up.
“Sometimes,” Morrow says, “when you change something, you knock yourself out of a rut you've been in.”
Like many other districts across the state, budget cuts pushed Bridge Creek Public School Board members to make some big changes. The vote passed unanimously last year. The idea of a four-day week took a while to catch on with parents, who were concerned about finding the extra and necessary childcare that comes with swapping a 180-day school year to 147 days.
8/10/2017 Related Story: Newcastle Continues With Four-Day School Week
Morrow says after the initial hurdle came some unforeseen benefits, including decreases in student discipline and increases in teacher recruitment. Sliding the daily start times also paid off.
“Our biggest change,” Morrow says, “was not the four-day school week in my opinion. It was the transportation. Always before, all our schools started at the same time so we ran one bus route. We started our schools separately. We started them an hour apart and I can cut the number of buses I run in half and that was a huge savings.”
Morrow doesn't feel the need to switch back anytime soon, so as long as student achievement is not negatively affected.
The family of Violet-Grace Youens officially opened a new nursery where 30-hours of free childcare has been introduced.
Violet-Grace's mum Rebecca and grandmother, Angela French, the opening of Portico Poppets on the Mere Grange Business Park.
Violet the giraffe
The opening was made possible by funding from St Helens Council
Violet-Grace died aged four in March after they were hit by a stolen car while crossing the road with Ms French.
Them family, who have close ties with the nursery group, were invited to officially open the new nursery in memory of their daughter.
At the launch event, a plaque was unveiled by Violet's mother Rebecca, dedicating a huge metal sculpture of a giraffe to their memory.
The Mayor and Mayoress of St Helens, Councillor Joe Pearson and wife Sylvia, were also in attendance.
The other nurseries that were successful in securing the funding include Newtown Pre-School, West Park, which has built an additional building, and Rainhill Community Nursery – due to be extended early next year.
Councillor Jeanette Banks, St Helens Council's Cabinet Member for Children, Families, Young People and Education, said: “While we welcome the new increased funded childcare offer for working parents, it's of great importance that our nurseries can cope with the increased demand, and are capable of delivering the same excellent standards. So I'm delighted that we could work with local nursery providers to improve their services, to the benefit of local families.”
Any parents interested in securing a free nursery place in St Helens can find more details on the council's website at www.sthelens.gov.uk/schools-education/family-information-service
To apply for the 30 hours funded childcare (for 3 and 4 year olds) parents should apply via the Childcare Choices website at www.childcarechoices.gov.uk
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
ONE person has been killed in a fiery crash near Tambellup in the Great Southern late this morning.
Around 10.30am a car left Great Southern Highway and slammed into a tree before bursting into flames.
Police say the occupant of the car died in the crash but could not yet confirm whether they were male or female.
The make and model of the car has not been confirmed either.
The Department of Fire and Emergency Services attended the scene to put out a scrub fire sparked by the crash.
Tom Brady is no stranger to controversy.
The New England Patriots quarterback — who will square off against the Philadelphia Eagles in Sunday's Super Bowl LII — recently starred in a new documentary called Tom vs. Time, taking fans behind the scenes of their life on and off the field.
One moment that many individuals have commented on takes place about 10 minutes into episode 3, when Brady's oldest child, 10-year-old son John “Jack” Edward Thomas, enters the room where their dad is getting a massage and says, “I was wondering if I could check my fantasy team.”
“What do I get?” asks the athlete, 40, which prompts Jack to plant a kiss on their dad's lips. As Jack walks away, Brady teases, “That was, like, a peck,” leading their son to return to their father's side and lean in for a longer smooch.
A source tells PEOPLE of the controversy surrounding the clip, “They are just loving, super affectionate people. It's so sad that the kiss is ‘a thing' because they are such good parents.”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
Tom Brady and son Jack
RELATED GALLERY: Gisele Bündchen and Tom Brady's Adorable Family Photo Album
For more coverage, follow our babies magazine on Flipboard.
Unsurprisingly considering the internet's past reactions over celebrities kissing their children on the lips, many used social media to comment on the father-son moment.
“Everyone was questioning Tom Brady for kissing their son on the lips and as a child of European ass people who do this I was ready to defend but boy oh boy does that kiss linger,” wrote one user.
Chimed in another, “Tom Brady is one of my five favorite people (including family members), but them making their son come back and kiss them on the lips for a longer time because their first lip kiss wasn't long enough is some very very disturbing #content.”
Everyone was questioning Tom Brady for kissing their son on the lips and as a child of European ass people who do this I was ready to defend but boy oh boy does that kiss linger — Sophia Benoit (@1followernodad) February 2, 2018
There are ten million weird things about #TomBrady. Him kissing their son on the lips is just one of them. https://t.co/DvvhX3icne — Mike Sington (@MikeSington) February 2, 2018
Tom Brady is one of my five favorite people (including family members), but them making their son come back and kiss them on the lips for a longer time because their first lip kiss wasn't long enough is some very very disturbing #content — Robbie Vogel (@RobbieVogel14) January 30, 2018
RELATED: Celebrities React to New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles Heading to Super Bowl LII
Many people jumped to Brady's defense, citing ideas such as men in society simultaneously being told they should be more sensitive and then chastised for something like kissing their children.
“While that kind of dude on dude smooching is not personally my thing, a father being affectionate with their son is not QUITE the problem we have in the society. Our prisons would be nearly empty if every dad was just there,” one user tweeted.
Wrote another individual, “So let me get this straight, we can expose our children to vulgarities during prime time Grammy shows via disgusting rappers, but a parent who kisses their son is under attack? Family values are what is at attack here!!”
While that kind of dude on dude smooching is not personally my thing, a father being affectionate with their son is not QUITE the problem we have in the society. Our prisons would be nearly empty if every dad was just there. https://t.co/tZwZ46wjAb — Doctor Jesse Kelly® (@JesseKellyDC) February 1, 2018
So now we have a stopwatch on #TomBrady kissing its own son. I would be far more worried about the parents who show no love or affection to their own children. If this creeps you out, please don't travel to Spain or Italy. — John Young (@dwarfparatri) February 2, 2018
So let me get this straight, we can expose our children to vulgarities during prime time Grammy shows via disgusting rappers, but a parent who kisses their son is under attack? Family values are what is at attack here!! #TomBrady should SUE over this one!🤬https://t.co/MU3xj5f99X — SassyPatriotGirl (@PatriotSassy) February 1, 2018
You can hate #TomBrady because they are good looking, rich, can't seem to lose, has literally a ‘model wife', it is a good marriage with a great family. My problem isn't with him. MY PROBLEM IS W/GOD! Stop giving everything to tom Brady! #ikissmyson2 https://t.co/zXj59uONFi — Glenn Beck (@glennbeck) February 2, 2018
Some folks simply used the opportunity to poke a little fun at what they considered to be an absurd and/or hilarious situation.
“I just watched Tom Brady kiss their son on the lips, and now I have 7 days to show another person or else i will die,” joked one Twitter user, seemingly referencing The Ring.
i dont want to see any tweets that aren't related to tom brady's son kiss for the rest of the day, thanks in advance — Ashley Feinberg (@ashleyfeinberg) February 1, 2018
i just watched Tom Brady kiss their son on the lips, and now I have 7 days to show another person or else i will die. — alex (@alex_abads) February 1, 2018
Jack is Brady's son with ex Bridget Moynahan. They and wife Gisele Bündchen share daughter Vivian Lake, 5, and son Benjamin Rein, 8.
In Tom vs. Time episode 4, Brady shares a kiss on the lips with their own mother Galynn, whose battle with cancer they previously opened up about.
FROM PEOPLETV: Former Bachelorette Ali Fedotowsky-Manno Opens Up About Them The Biggest Parenting Mishap
Brady recently faced another conflict involving one of their children after the Kirk & Callahan Show‘s host Alex Reimer called Vivian an “annoying little pissant” on a different show when discussing Tom vs. Time.
“You know, I tried to come on this show for many years and showed you guys a lot of respect,” they said Monday on the show, where they usually interview weekly.
“I've always tried to come on and do a good job for you guys. It's very disappointing when you hear [the comments about my daughter], certainly,” they added. “My daughter, or any child, certainly does not deserve that.”
President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron are scheduled to hold a joint press conference on Tuesday at 11:45 a.m. ET.
Watch live below via NBC News:
That drawn out battle is something Pecman hopes their bureau can avoid in its latest high-profile case, the alleged industry-wide bread price-fixing scandal that was uncovered when Loblaw came forward and implicated itself as well as competitors Walmart, Sobeys, Metro and Giant Tiger. That investigation is ongoing and Loblaw's rival grocers vehemently deny their involvement.
The confessions of Loblaws and parent company George Weston Ltd, which also owns the Weston Foods bakery, gave them immunity from potential price-fixing penalties that could include fines of up to $25 million and imprisonment for up to 14 years or both.
The Competition Bureau's controversial immunity program has been instrumental in uncovering price-fixing schemes that might not otherwise come to light, but it has also been criticized for allowing offenders to get away with crimes.
Pecman argues the program is necessary because price-fixing is so difficult to catch. They said Canada's whistleblower policies are also similar to those used by over 150 competition authorities around the world and are "the No. 1 tool to detect, investigate and prosecute cartels."
They said companies that do get immunity through the policy still suffer because their reputation and brand often take a hit, and sometimes they face legal action. In the Loblaw case, Pecman said they know of at least eight "private actions," or lawsuits filed against it.
Another closely watched consumer issue they leaf behind is a case that alleges Ticketmaster and its parent company Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. used a deceptive practice known as drip pricing that saw customers pay sometimes more than 65 per cent above the advertised price. Ticketmaster has denied the allegations in a series of spirited letter sent to the bureau and the Competition Tribunal, a quasi-judicial body. Case hearings aren't scheduled until October 2019.
The case could be precedent-setting and could pave the way for the bureau to take on other ticket sellers, but Pecman said that decision will be left up to their successor.
"That person" will, however, have to take on the bureau's investigation into Postmedia and Torstar's November deal to swap dozens of publications and close many of them. The bureau previously alleged that the companies engaged in "anti-competitive conduct contrary to the conspiracy provision."
Regardless of how it and the other outstanding cases end, Pecman said they believe they leave the bureau in a state that is more open, transparent and collaborative in its work.
As for their legacy, they would like to be known for changing the bureau from being perceived as "a walled-off organization that just wanted to stick to its knitting and conduct its investigations in its offices" to one that takes a community approach to working with the business and legal community to ensure the economy is effective and competitive.
Russia's Federal Security Service head has presented the results of the agency's work in 2017 on anti-terrorist operations in the country.
"Yesterday, as a result of an FSB special operation in the Moscow region, the activity of a group of people from Central Asia, who planned terrorist acts, including suicide bombings during the New Year holidays and during the presidential election campaign [December 2017-March 2018] was eliminated. The services confiscated improvised explosive devices from the terrorists, destroyed firearms and ammunition found in their laboratory for the manufacture of terror arsenal," Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) head Alexander Bortnikov and said at the meeting of the National Anti-Terrorist Committee.
International Terrorism
Bortnikov, the FSB director and the chairperson of the National Antiterrorist Committee, has explained that the information gathered by the agency shows that leaders of international terrorist organizations continue their attempts to create terrorist cells in various regions of Russia.
"Terrorist attacks in St. Petersburg and the Khanty–Mansi Autonomous Area, prevention of 61 terrorism-related crimes at the stage of preparation, including 18 terrorist attacks that were planned to be carried out in crowded public places and critical infrastructure, as well as suppression of 56 secret terrorist cells, confirm this trend, " Bortnikov said.
According to Bortnikov, some 78 terrorists and their accomplices have been eliminated, with about 1,018 armed insurgents having been detained in Russia in 2017.
The head of the committee continued saying that that security measures carried out by law enforcement agencies allowed us "to prevent the penetration of more than 17,500 foreigners suspected of involvement in terrorist activities on the territory of Russia".
"Over 80 people who fell under the influence of recruiters from international terrorist organizations were prevented from traveling abroad," they added.
The FSB head summarized the issue by saying that the prevention of terrorism in Russia in 2017 allowed them to induce more than 650 people to give up criminal activity.
"Law enforcement agencies have the situation under complete control, and in case of it aggravates, take all the necessary measures," Bortnikov said.
By JOHN BURBANK
(Oct. 6, 2017) — Over the past four decades, while we as a country have been moving forward on racial justice and gender equality (note: “moving,” not “achieving”), we have also been moving backwards on job security, shared economic growth and family financial well-being. Our kids face a future without the ability to create personal wealth that we in the post-World War II generation took for granted. Compared to our generation, they have higher student loan debts, higher housing costs, and lower wages.
America's corporate leaders have been leading the charge to shred the post-war social contract. They have broken away from the social wages of defined-benefit retirement plans, full coverage of health care, and other perks. Looking at the share of national income that went to labor (that is, workers) and the share that goes to capital (that is, corporations), there was a decisive shift from 2000 to 2015 — about 7 percent, or $535 billion a year, from workers to corporations. That would have amounted to a $3,770 raise for every worker in the United States in 2015. It would be an even bigger raise now.
When the Washington state taxpayer-subsidized Boeing Company discontinued its defined-benefit pension three years ago, it was merely following the corporate code of diminishing benefits and respect for workers in favor of shareholder returns. Boeing forced the Machinists union to revote on a contract to replace secure and dependable pensions with deferred compensation savings.
No wonder corporate profits are robust.
While millennials feel the gutting of the social contract in their inability to buy homes, older Americans are feeling it in their inability to retire. You have probably heard the outdated slogan that to retire, you need Social Security, personal savings and a pension. But now, most workers in our country don't have much in savings, and traditional pensions have disappeared. In 1989, two out of five working families were covered by pensions. In 2013, that was halved, to one out of five. Today, many Americans rely on 401(k)s instead, which don't guarantee the same benefits and transfer risks from the employer to the employee.
Fewer than half of families have any kind of retirement plans. In Washington, that's more than 2 million workers out of about 3.5 million. Fifty percent of workers aged 55 to 64 don't have a retirement plan. Three out of five African-American workers don't have a retirement plan. Two-thirds of workers with only a high school degree don't have a retirement plan.
Even workers with retirement savings aren't doing well. The typical family with retirement savings has about $60,000 put away. That would result in an income stream of less than $400 a month for the rest of their lives.
To enable more workers to save for retirement, Seattle Mayor Tim Burgess recently announced their intention to implement a savings plan for private-sector employees whose employers do not provide any options to save for retirement. Accounts would be similar to 401(k)s and portable in Seattle, so workers who switch jobs would not have to start over. It is not perfect. It does not mandate employer contributions and it continues a tiered system of benefits between white- and blue-collar workers. It is a start, making Seattle the first city in the country to implement retirement savings for private employers.
If we are serious about retirement, we need a retirement savings program with accounts that are completely portable, transparent, with low administrative costs, progressive in benefits and covering all workers. We have that now: Social Security. But at current levels, it just doesn't provide enough income for retirees. The average Social Security benefit for retired workers in our state hovers around $1,000 a month. Try keeping your head above water on that, even when you add in $400 from your retirement savings account.
There is no chance that federal government, under President Donald Trump, will protect or increase Social Security benefits. But we could in Washington. Mayors and city councils across the state could follow Seattle's lead and try to create plans to cover more people. More importantly, we could build a statewide supplemental Social Security program, with contributions from both workers and employers. So while corporations continue to pull the rug out from under their own workers, we could replace this already tattered carpet with a universal system that insures economic security in old age for all of us!
John Burbank is the executive director and founder of the Economic Opportunity Institute in Seattle. John can be reached at john@eoionline.org.
DHARAMSALA, India, March 28 India must not rest on their laurels after a highly successful home season and must focus on winning abroad, captain Virat Kohli said after their 2-1 series win over Australia on Tuesday.
The Indian team retained the ICC Test Championship mace and pocketed a $1 million cash award after cementing their top ranking with a seventh series victory in a row.
India's eight-wicket win at Dharamsala marked the end of their 13-test home season, which included 10 wins, two draws and a solitary loss to Australia.
When it was suggested that they could afford a bigger smile, Kohli said; "It's a classic case of understanding that this is not the end of anything. No need to get over-excited with whatever we have done.
"We are very happy with number one ranking in the world but our main challenge begins now. If we can conquer the overseas season, that's when you will see a broader smile on my face when I sit down for the press conference."
Kohli believes they finally have the necessary fast bowling resources for the team to rectify their reputation as poor travellers, beginning with a tour of South Africa later this year.
"Few of the guys have told me that the kind of fast bowling bunch that we have now gives us a good chance to go outside India and put in good performances," Kohli, who missed the final test against Australia due to a shoulder injury, said.
"I'm certainly very sure and positive about the fact that these guys can deliver away from home.
"The fitness levels have gone up and relentlessness of their bowling and the consistency have improved," they added.
"I'm sure they will be able to sustain this for longer periods when we go overseas, and not let the game drift away. Pretty excited about what lies ahead for us as a team."
Often accused of not taking test cricket seriously enough, India announced a bumper home season last year and its importance was not lost on Kohli.
"It's a very proud moment - playing good cricket all season, especially in the home season, and we dominated all of it," Kohli said.
"It was very important for a young side to do so and build a team for the future, so that we can give such performances consistently."
Kohli gave a rather lukewarm response when India briefly topped the rankings after their success in West Indies last year but the India captain is relishing the tag now.
"I wasn't too excited about it (then) because it was a short-term thing," the 28-year-old said.
"But now I can sit down and be proud of what the guys have been able to achieve since then.
"Not just one or two guys, but everyone has contributed throughout the season. If you don't have a team performance, you can't be the number one team in the world. As simple as that." (Editing by Ed Osmond)
INDIANAPOLIS -- Shoppers increasingly consult online reviews before making holiday purchases. But how do they decide which reviewers to trust?
Recently published research from the Indiana University Kelley School of Business at IUPUI shows that consumer trust in online reviews is influenced by spelling errors and typos. But how much those errors influence each consumer depends on the type of error and that consumer's general tendency to trust others.
The study, from Dena Cox and Anthony Cox, both professors of marketing at the Kelley School, and Jeffrey Cox, a postdoctoral researcher in the Department of Communication at Michigan State University, examined nearly 300 people's reactions to different online reviews with either no errors; typographical errors, such as common keystroke errors like "wsa" instead of "was"; or spelling errors like "sevral" or "useing."
The study's results suggest consumers who have a high level of trust in other people distinguish between these two types of errors in online reviews.
Anthony Cox, who also serves as the faculty chair of the Kelley Business of Medicine Physician MBA Program at IUPUI, says these high-trust consumers view misspellings as "errors of knowledge," which they are willing to overlook, and typos as "errors of carelessness," which erode their confidence in the reviewer.
Furthermore, consumers who have a low level of trust in others are not influenced one way or the other by reviews that contain either typographical errors or spelling mistakes, they explained.
"For high-trusters, typographical errors signaled a general lack of conscientiousness or carelessness that harmed reviewer credibility and reduced involvement with the content of the review," Anthony Cox said.
"For example, a typographical error, like substituting 'regualr' for 'regular,' seems more likely to be attributed to careless writing by someone who 'knows better,'" they added. "Conversely, a spelling error, like substituting 'hite' for 'height,' might be attributed to a lack of education or to a cognitive challenge such as dyslexia, traits over which the writer has little control."
Online reviews are a mixed blessing, Anthony Cox said: "They are a source of not only information but also misinformation. You don't know the reviewers. You don't even know if they are who they say they are, if they've actually used the product or if someone paid them to write the review."
When looking at online reviews, read carefully,he said, because your own level of trust in others will likely play a role in how you react to them.
###
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has met with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un to discuss the situation on the Korean peninsula, while the fate of the US-DPRK talks, which had been initially scheduled to take place in June in Singapore, has been in limbo.
JOHANNESBURG - Listed financial services group Alexander Forbes steered clear of scandal-hit KPMG, McKinsey & Company and Gupta-linked firms for the sake of its reputation, according to chief executive Andrew Darfoor.
When the series of leaked emails showing the extent of the Gupta family's hold on the affairs of the state emerged last year, KPMG was implicated. The emails suggested that the firm had a cosy relationship with the Gupta family.
Moses Kgosana, a former chief executive of KPMG Africa, resigned as director of the company with immediate effect in July last year. They were due to take over as chairperson of Alexander Forbes in August last year.
“When the KPMG event happened we took a look and asked: What do we stand for as a brand? We stand for integrity, financial discipline and strong governance. We had a discussion with Moses and, as a man of principle, they agreed that they would step down from the board of Alexander Forbes,” said Darfoor.
When the Steinhoff International scandal broke last year, Alexander Forbes also parted with one of its non-executive directors, Len Konar, who was chairperson of its audit committee. They were also on the audit committee of Steinhoff.
“We had a smooth conversation with Len. When people put their money in Alexander Forbes, they put their trust in us, and (therefore), if there is any allegation of impropriety, whether it is proven or not, we simply cannot stand by. We will not compromise our brand and integrity for anyone.
“We also took a decision that we will not enter into any new affiliation with McKinsey. We had not done any work for McKinsey for a number of years, but with KPMG we were engaged in one or two pieces of work. So we agreed not to enter into new contracts,” they said.
The company also decided not to do any work for Gupta-linked companies, “whether it was on the provident or asset management side. We have taken some principled decisions. People put their money in us. We take that responsibility seriously,” they said.
In a wide-ranging interview with Business Report, Darfoor said Alexander Forbes was not concerned about short sellers such as Viceroy Research. Every market had short sellers, they said.
A short seller borrows shares of a company from an existing owner, sells those borrowed shares at the current market price and pockets the cash.
“(Short sellers) have a role to play in terms of their agenda. But I believe that if you run your business on clear fundamentals, you communicate clearly to your customers and stakeholders and are ethical, there is no role for short sellers. In today's modern society you have all kinds of investors. They just happen to be one component in the investment universe. At Alexander Forbes we do not have any short sellers engaged with us,” they said.
They also addressed the rising popularity of cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin. They said Alexander Forbes did not invest in Bitcoin as it wasn't regulated.
- BUSINESS REPORT
Corey Feldman is not holding back.
During an appearance on The Dr. Oz Show Monday, Feldman — who was one of the first celebrities to publicly condemn Matt Lauer after they were fired for “inappropriate sexual behavior” — reiterated their criticism of the longtime anchor, referencing the Today show interview that Lauer conducted with them in October to discuss the sexual abuse Feldman says they experienced as a child actor in Hollywood and calling out Lauer, 59, for their skeptical line of questioning.
“When I sat down with Matt, it was like I was being grilled,” said Feldman, 46. “So much so that at one point they said to me, ‘We've been down this road, Corey,' … I was really blown away. I was taken aback. Where do you get the audacity to come at me?”
“So when this came out that they themselves was a predator, it made perfect sense to me,” they continued. “He is the problem. Not him, but they epitomize the problem. The way they behaved is a perfect example of the hierarchy and the mental abuse, the shaming, the power play of ‘I'm bigger than you' … that's what this is about. And that's exactly how these predators get over on these victims.”
Matt Lauer (left), Corey Feldman Jason Kempin/Getty; Jim Smeal/BEI/REX/Shutterstock
Feldman's latest Dr. Oz appearance also addressed the newly uncovered audio files of their interview with Santa Barbara police detectives in 1993, in which they named one of their alleged abusers.
“The way all of this continues to unfold is way beyond me. This is not something I could orchestrate,” they said. “So let's go back to these tapes. Let's talk about how this all came about. Six months ago, I moved into a new home. I was cleaning out my garage and I happened to be rummaging through some boxes and I found the tape. Then I forgot where I put it. Somehow it ended up in the back of my car. A week ago, I was cleaning out the back of my car and I found that tape again, so I emailed [Dr. Oz].”
“The very next day, I wake up in the morning to Google Alerts that say Santa Barbara police found the tape,” they continued. “I thought that [Dr. Oz] called the Santa Barbara police and told them, ‘Hey, we've got the tapes.' I could not believe for a second that the exact same day, within 24 hours of me finding my copy, they found their copy and they went to the press.” (The Santa Barbara County Sheriff's office confirmed to PEOPLE on Dec. 6 that a copy of Feldman's 1993 interview had been located.)
Throughout Feldman's appearance on the show, they played several portions of their interview with the two detectives, who came to Feldman's home at the time to question them about allegations of child sexual abuse being brought against Michael Jackson, whom Feldman was extremely close to. In the interview, Feldman repeatedly defended Jackson, but told detectives that a man by the name of Jon Grissom had sexually abused them when they were 15. (Feldman publicly came forward with their allegations against Grissom, a former actor, last month. Grissom hasn't commented.)
Despite Feldman's clearly stated allegation against Grissom, the detectives continued to bring the conversation back to Jackson. At one point, they asked Feldman if they knew where Grissom was, to which Feldman responded that they believed Grissom was back in California.
“If we run across him, we'll let you know,” said the detective with a laugh.
RELATED VIDEO: Corey Feldman Defends Needing $10 Million to Reveal Names of Alleged Hollywood Pedophiles in Feature Film
Reflecting on the tape with Dr. Oz, Feldman said they thought the cops were actually investigating Grissom, because they were the ones to bring up their name in the first place.
“I actually thought they were investigating Jon,” they said. “I thought, because they brought that up, ‘Oh wow, this is bigger than just Michael, they know what Jon did, and that's where this line of questioning is happening.' … [But] they weren't interested in Jon Grissom. They could have prevented multiple things. I'm sure there are many kids they took advantage of during that time period. It could have all been prevented.”
“This guy's a predator. Let's just say it: They were probably in love with me, in their sick and twisted mind,” said Feldman. “He was going around telling people that I was their boyfriend … so why isn't any justice being done? Why are you trying to put my friend [Michael Jackson] in jail, who's never harmed a fly, and yet you have this information and you aren't doing anything about it? And I'm still asking that question.”
“I feel like I've spent my entire life fighting this battle and nobody's ever listened,” they continued. “Nothing's happening, as far as I know. … You've got to look at the fact that LAPD is still not investigating.”
Asked if they feel vindicated at all over the uncovered tapes, Feldman said “not yet.”
“Vindication will come when my best friend [Corey Haim]'s perpetrator‘s is behind bars, when the people that molested me are behind bars, and when my good friend Michael Jackson is fully exonerated in the public opinion because they were never a predator,” they said. “Michael Jackson needs to be cleared, for once and for all, which I could believe this could actually lead to.”
By Janina C. Lim, Reporter
THE LOCAL franchise industry is confident of breaching the P1-trillion revenue mark this year as it aggressively positions the Philippines as the “franchise hub of Asia.”
“In 2017, the contribution of the franchise sector is $18.1 billion or almost P1 trillion,” Philippine Franchise Association (PFA) President Richard V. Sanz said during a press briefing in Makati City on Wednesday.
“Internally, we're looking at 15 to 20% (growth)… I'm optimistic in a 20% growth” they told reporters separately, when asked for the growth forecast for 2018.
If realized, the sector's 2018 revenues will reach $21.72 billion or P1.15 trillion.
The growth will be driven by the $3-billion investment it expects to generate solely from the Franchise Asia Philippines 2018 Conference and Expo, touted as Asia's biggest franchising exhibit. The week-long event, which starts on July 18, expects to draw 60,000 visitors.
However, basing projections on a conservative 10% annual growth, the PFA said revenues will hit $24 billion or roughly P1.3 trillion by 2020.
At present, there are about 2,000 local and international franchise brands in the country, with 200,000 stores and employing 1.2 million.
PFA Chairman Emeritus Samie C. Lim noted the growing foreign investments in the franchising sector, describing the Philippines as “the apple of the eye of foreign brands.”
To further position the Philippines as an international franchise development center, Mr. Sanz laid down the PFA's agenda for the next two years, with the globalization of homegrown brands as its number one priority.
“We have noticed that a lot of Filipino brands are ripe to be in the global arena. We have more than 50 Filipino brands globally. We want this to increase so this is something we are pushing for,” Mr. Sanz said.
They added PFA is looking to concentrate the expansion within the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) due to its close proximity to the Philippines.
Mr. Sanz said the group will also be supporting micro, small, and medium entrepreneurs through mentoring programs and regional trade shows.
“The small and medium agri-businesses, the farmers, can integrate their products into the value chains of the PFA members,” Mr. Sanz added.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
'We see no reason why Congress will not give its usual support to this initiative of the Chief Executive,' says Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque
Published 2:18 PM, December 12, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Amid legal questions, Malacañang expects Congress to approve President Rodrigo Duterte's request to extend martial law in Mindanao by one year.
"We look forward to the support which has been given in the past by Congress," Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque said on Tuesday, December 12.
They were speaking a day before the Senate and House of Representatives hold a joint session on Duterte's request.
Despite naysayers in both chambers, Roque insisted Duterte has sufficient basis for a martial law extension.
"We have factual basis for the declaration of martial law and we see no reason why Congress will not give its usual support to this initiative of the Chief Executive," said Duterte's spokesperson.
Minority senators have decried any extension of martial law as a violation of the 1987 Constitution.
Senate Minority Leader Franklin Drilon had said that the military and police security assessment – that there are continuing threats posed by terror groups and communists – does not meet the requirements of the Constitution allowing the declaration of martial law.
"The Constitution requires the existence of actual rebellion or actual invasion," said the veteran senator.
Duterte had cited the assessments made by the security forces as grounds for extending martial law.
Albay 1st District Representative Edcel Lagman also thinks Duterte lacks basis for their bid to extend the duration of military rule, saying the President has not convinced them that there is invasion or rebellion in Mindanao.
“Where is the actual invasion or actual rebellion in Mindanao? The Constitution provides that martial law can only be declared and its extension authorized in case of invasion or rebellion when public safety requires it,” said Lagman.
The lawmaker pointed out that the Marawi siege, the reason why Duterte declared martial law in the first place, is over.
Malacañang urged critics to question the martial law extension before the Supreme Court, should Congress approve its request. – Rappler.com
Another weekend in October means another weekend for you to enjoy Fright fest at Wild Waves Theme Park! If haunted houses aren't you're thing, you'll be relieved to know that there's also plenty of awesome amusement park rides to enjoy as well as a sweet booth set up by the MOViN Street Team. If you stopped by our booth, chances are we hooked you up with free goodies and a photo, which you can find here.
[India], June 14 (ANI): A mentally disabled woman who was found chained and naked at Hyderabad's Aram Ghar rehabilitation centre earlier in the week, is now all set to go home after 10 years.
After the incident came to light, Telangana State Legal Services (TSLS) has directed the Ranga Reddy District Legal Services to inquire about the issue.
Subad Ray, brother of Rinku, told ANI, "She ran away from their husband's home and it's been ten years. My parents searched for them then but didn't file any complaint with the police. Rinku also has a 10-year-old daughter. Few days ago, the Pathepur Police approached me and took me to the Hajiapur Court, from where I was informed about my sister in Hyderabad. I took the latter and left for Hyderabad. I reached here and want to take my sister back to our residence".
Rinku said, "When I got to know that my brother has come to take me, I got ready as I so wish to go home. I am very happy, seeing my brother after ten years," Rinku told ANI. Subhashini, Panel Advocate Ranga Reddy District Legal Services said, "The Telangana State Legal Services Authority has forwarded a report to Binary State Legal Services Authority for further investigation into this matter. We will counsel their husband too". The authorities of the rehab centre alleged that the victim, Rinku is mentally challenged and they have attacked their fellow inmates. The rehab centre authorities added that the woman's mental disability is the prime reason of restraining them and keeping them naked. Later, after the submission of the report by Panel Advocate and Para legal volunteer, the TSLS has given a notice to Hijapur Court in Bihar according to the address which has been given by Rinku. The Pathepur Police of Hajipur had started the search for Rinku's family. (ANI)
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
EDMOND, Okla. - A veterinarian in Oklahoma has quite a tale to tell after removing 21 pacifiers from a dog's stomach.
The veterinarian at Gentle Care Animal Hospital said they had to share the story because "this was the most fascinating and exciting surgery I have ever done..."
A local couple recently had a baby and were wondering what was happening to all of their child's pacifiers.
One day, the child's grandmother saw the dog, Dovey, jump up on the counter and take off with one.
The couple told the veterinarian that Dovey had slowed down their eating and had been vomiting a little phlegm for a few days, but other than that, they said the dog seemed fine and that they hadn't noticed any other changes.
When Dovey vomited up a pacifier one day, the couple decided it was time to take the dog in for an x-ray, according to the hospital's Facebook post.
Judging from the x-ray, the local veterinarian believed there were between 7 to 9 pacifiers in the dog's stomach.
However, during surgery, the veterinarian found 21 pacifiers in the dog's stomach!
Fortunately, Dovey is doing great and gets to go home today, the veterinarian told KFOR.
"Dog's will eat anything, anytime and at any age so always be watching!!!" the veterinarian posted to Facebook.
Time Warner Inc (TWX.N) reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit, as revenue from box office hits including "The LEGO Batman Movie," and "Kong: Skull Island" helped offset declining ad sales.
Revenue from the company's Warner Bros film studio jumped 8.2 percent to $3.37 billion.
Excluding items, Time Warner earned $1.66 per share, beating the average analysts' estimate of $1.45 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Revenue rose 5.8 percent to $7.74 billion, surpassing analysts' expectations of $7.67 billion.
Time Warner, which is being bought by AT&T (T.N), saw an increase in subscribers in the first quarter at its premium cable channel HBO, making up for a 2 percent decline in ad revenue at its Turner networks. Time Warner said it was on track to close its merger with AT&T before the end of 2017.
The company said it expected total advertising revenue for Turner, which includes CNN and Cartoon Network, to be down again this quarter, a challenge that its peers also face. Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O) announced a decline in ad revenue when it released first quarter earnings last week.
"Time Warner had a really strong content quarter which is specific to them, but the flip side is that overall trends in television networks look a little soft," said Doug Creutz, an analyst with Cowen and Co.
Turner chair and chief executive John Martin said they expected a "healthy" upfront season as advertisers have started to commit more in recent weeks.
Like other media companies, Time Warner has been struggling to keep viewers hooked to its channels as they flock to online streaming services such as Netflix Inc (NFLX.O) and Amazon.com Inc's (AMZN.O) Prime.
To that end, Time Warner said on its call that it would not offer its library programming on Amazon Prime, opting to keep it for its own online streaming services.
"This is a trend I think we are going to continue to see going forward," said John Janedis, an analyst with Jefferies Research, noting that other companies like Viacom have started withholding some content from the streaming video providers.
Time Warner's Home Box Office (HBO) has managed to keep audiences glued to its original shows such as the hugely popular "Game of Thrones."
Revenue from HBO rose 4.1 percent to $1.57 billion in the first quarter ended March 31.
Shares of Time Warner were up slightly 0.07 percent around $99.28 in morning trading Wednesday.
(Reporting by Jessica Toonkel in New York, Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta and Sayantani Ghosh)
President Donald Trump's daughter Ivanka Trump and son-in-law Jared Kushner plan to host reality television superstar Kim Kardashian for dinner at their private home on Wednesday, according to a Vanity Fair report and meet with them at the White House.
Both Kushner and Kardashian have spent months discussing prison reform and a possible pardon for 62-year-old great-grandmother Alice Johnson, a drug offender who is serving a life sentence without parole.
This is so unfair… https://t.co/W3lPINbQuy — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) October 26, 2017
A person “familiar with the meeting” told Vanity Fair that Kardashian will also likely meet with President Donald Trump, although White House officials have not confirmed those details.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Sunday's voting showed slightly over 51 percent of Turks supported transforming the country into an executive presidency. OSCE's observer mission published its findings on Monday, saying rival campaigns did not have a level playing field and criticizing the decision to accept as valid ballot papers without official stamps.
"They should know their limits, we don't recognize their politically motivated results," President Erdoğan said, as quoted by CNN Turk.
Turkey's Foreign Ministry said earlier it could not accept OSCE's conclusion that the referendum had fallen short of international standards, saying the observer mission had formed its opinion of the voting even before it arrived in the country.
French national Romain Franck (right), 23, a worker at the French consulate, and Palestinian Moufak Al Ajluni (left) and Mohamed Katout (centre) appear in court the southern city of Beersheba on Monday, to face charges of smuggling guns from Gaza (AFP photo)
OCCUPIED JERUSALEM — Israeli prosecutors charged a French consular driver on Monday with using a diplomatic car to elude border inspections and spirit guns from the Gaza Strip to the Israeli-occupied West Bank on behalf of a Palestinian smuggling ring.
The indictment against Romain Franck, a 23-year-old French citizen, was served hours after a gag order was lifted on their February 15 arrest by Israel's Shin Bet domestic security agency, whose roles include counterterrorism and counterespionage.
Shin Bet officials, however, said Franck's motive for transporting 70 pistols and two assault rifles was financial, rather than any ideological support for Palestinians.
They received some $7,600 in payment for the contraband, according to the indictment, which listed counts including arms possession, arms trafficking, fraud and criminal conspiracy.
"This is a very serious incident in which the immunity and privileges granted to foreign diplomatic missions in Israel were cynically exploited to smuggle dozens of weapons that may be used for terrorist attacks against Israeli civilians and security forces," the Shin Bet said in a statement.
Franck's lawyer could not immediately be reached for comment on how they may plead to the charges in Beersheba District Court.
If convicted, Franck could face a lengthy prison sentence.
“The indictment is harsh and quite precedent-setting in terms of its scope,” veteran Israeli criminal lawyer Elad Rath, who is not involved in the Franck case, told Reuters. “It could potentially lead to a jail term in the double digits of years”.
France said it was in contact with Israeli authorities.
“We take this case very seriously,” a spokesperson for the foreign ministry in Paris said in a statement, adding that the French ambassador to Israel had visited the suspect as part of efforts to ensure their rights were being safeguarded.
Important mission
The French foreign ministry had also ordered an internal inquiry “to draw all the conclusions to allow the agents of our consulate-general to pursue in the best conditions their important mission in a difficult context”, the statement said.
Franck was arrested along with a Palestinian from East Jerusalem employed as a security guard at the consulate as well as seven other suspects, the Shin Bet said. In the dock on Monday, the Frenchman covered their face with their prison jacket.
Most countries keep their embassies to Israel in Tel Aviv, as well as consulates in Jerusalem that handle diplomatic matters for the Palestinians.
Israel counts all of Jerusalem as its capital, a status that is not recognised abroad though the Trump administration, breaking with other world powers, plans to move the US embassy there in May.
Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a state they seek to establish in the West Bank and Gaza.
The Shin Bet accused Franck of using a consulate car, which enjoyed more cursory Israeli security checks, due to its diplomatic status, to bring the factory-grade guns from Gaza to Palestinian arms dealers in the West Bank.
The first smuggling run took place around December 21 and the last around February 12, the indictment said.
Franck “acted for financial profit, on their own initiative and without the knowledge of their superiors”, the Shin Bet said.
It said Franck received the guns from a Palestinian employed by the French Cultural Centre in Gaza. Officials at the centre could not immediately be reached for comment.
A Facebook page under the name Romain Franck, and carrying photographs that looked similar to the mugshot published by the Shin Bet, shows images of the young man against desert vistas.
“Feeling good in Palestine,” says one caption.
A January 17 posting said the Facebook account-holder was “travelling to Jerusalem starting to a new adventure”.
WAYNE Bennett is set to take one of the biggest selection gambles of their career by blooding teenage Broncos powerhouse Payne Haas against the Rabbitohs on Thursday night.
The 18-year-old Haas is in line to make their NRL debut at ANZ Stadium as Bennett searches for a way to spark Brisbane's teetering season.
Haas is on standby for prop Matt Lodge (ribs), but could also be picked on the bench in place of Sam Tagataese.
Haas is one of the NRL's brightest young prospects, a 117kg forward who has been likened to Cowboys beast Jason Taumalolo and dual-code superstar Sonny Bill Williams.
Camera Icon Payne Haas is in line to get their big break on Thursday night. Picture: AAP
Bennett has been reluctant to rush Haas into the NRL, knowing they could thwart their development by blooding them too soon.
But the 10th-placed Broncos are in need of an energy boost and Bennett said Haas was ready for the challenge.
“He is close to it but they still haven't got on the field yet,” they said after Wednesday's training session.
“We're eight weeks into the competition and he's had that at state league level.
“He is a different boy to what they were when they started there.
“We've got to see if they get an opportunity. I'll talk about them after, and when, they play.”
The Broncos are in rare territory after seven rounds with a 3-4 record that sees them well outside the all important top four.
Test lock Josh McGuire will replace injured hooker Andrew McCullough and Bennett admitted they were not thrilled about Brisbane's position nearly a third of the way through the season.
“I'm not feeling great, but at least we are playing decent football,” they said.
Camera Icon Payne Haas in action for Seqgulls in the Queensland Cup. Picture: AAP
“If we kept playing like the week we played the Titans I'd be in a coma by now.
“We haven't done that. We've picked our act up since then.
“We've played a close game in Newcastle, Auckland, last week (Storm)…we're heading in the right direction.
“Points are important, but they're not that important at the moment.
“What's important is we start to get our game back together and start to play the quality of football we're capable of playing. The rest will look after itself.”
Bennett said they would make a final decision on the make-up of their team on Thursday.
A new report released by the right-leaning Heritage Foundation finds that the perception of the strength of the US military has deteriorated drastically, despite facing a dangerous world.
"For decades, the perception of American strength and resolve has served as a deterrent to adventurous bad actors and tyrannical dictators," the "2018 Index of US Military Strength," published October 5, stated.
The report rates the US armed forces posture "marginal," a score of three out of five, while adding that it is heading toward becoming "weak," a score of two out of five. The 2017 Index produced identical ratings.
"Regrettably, both that perception — and as a consequence, its deterrent effect — are eroding. The result is an increasingly dangerous world threatening a significantly weaker America."
The wide-ranging 400-page report is split up into three main coverage areas: "vital" national interests; the modernity, capacity and readiness of the US military; and the general "global operating environment." The authors — Heritage fellows, retired military officers, non-Heritage Foundation policy analysts, a former UK official, former CIA employees, former Capitol Hill staffers — gave the areas scores ranging from "very poor" to "excellent" or "very weak" to "very strong."
Private sector consultants, Washington think tank researchers, a US Marine Corps Command and Staff College professor, and a US Army War college adjunct research professor served as external reviewers.
Part of the poor showing may be attributed to the fact that Heritage uses a long measuring stick in making assessments: are US forces able to emerge victorious from engagements with two major opposing militaries, even while fighting both at the same time? In this regard, Heritage assessed the US only has a "marginal" capability to accomplish such a goal, despite Congressional appropriations consistently allocating more money to defense than any other nation in the world, including $594.1 billion for FY 2017.
The think tank's report recommends the US field, for example, 1,200 fighter jets for the US Air Force and 346 ships paired with 624 strike aircraft for the US Navy.
By comparison, the US had 915 warplanes and roughly 277 commissioned naval ships in 2017.
Perhaps most shockingly, the report claims that a mere one-ninth, approximately 11 percent, of the US Air Force's squadrons are "full-spectrum mission capable," Wood told the Defense News, meaning the ability to fly "the various profiles," including flying high, low, and in "contested airspace."
The world remains a threat-rich environment, the report argues, particularly with respect to Russia, North Korea, Iran, China and Middle East terrorism. On a five point scale, each threat became one level more formidable, except for the Iranian threat, which increased two levels. Russia and China are considered the most formidable threats. China was deemed to have become one level less hostile.
The report also touches on what is currently the biggest flashpoint for the US: North Korea. The Heritage Foundation argues that despite heated rhetoric, the threat posed by North Korea hasn't actually evolved much since the 2017 Index of US Military Strength was published, even though Pyongyang has accelerated its ballistic missile and nuclear weapons programs.
Speaking with Defense News, the report's editor, Dakota Wood, said, "They haven't moved any different types of forces closer to the South Korean border. They haven't shelled an island or sunk a ship. The missile shots are clearly provocative, but they haven't put a warhead on the end of them, even a conventional warhead, to blow something up."
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Four federal agencies will put many U.S. visa worker programs, including the H-1B white-collar outsourcing program, through a “full legal analysis,” a White House official told reporters Monday night.
The review may wreck several of the many programs used to import a population of perhaps 1.8 million foreign temporary workers for a huge variety of U.S.
Those programs are now in jeopardy because critics — including attorney John Miano — say the programs lack a firm legal foundation amid a variety of firmly established laws which bar discrimination against U.S. workers.
Moreover, many of the cheap-labor guest-worker programs have been quietly extended and enlarged by prior administrations, ensuring that many may be sharply rolled back if the regulatory extensions are vulnerable to lawsuits, even if the programs are not eliminated.
For example, critics have long argued that there is no legal foundation for President Barck Obama's decision to provide work permits to several hundred thousand spouses of H-1B white-collar workers, and there is no legal foundation to President George W. Bush's decision to provide multi-year work permits to foreign students. In 2016, the universities used that student program, dubbed the Optional Practical Training program, to give work permits to at least 147,000 foreign college students and to persuade many other foreign students to enroll in American universities.
In addition, the federal government has repeatedly expanded the H-1B program, and even allows non-profit groups to bring in an unlimited number of foreign students. In 2015, for example, non-profit employers — including many universities and affiliated hospitals — employed roughly 100,000 foreign white-collar workers. Several states are also using that regulation to create non-profits which bring in cheap college graduates for use by employers in Massachusetts and other states.
The multi-program, multi-agency review is being ordered by an Executive Order that President Donald Trump will sign in Wisconsin on Tuesday. The agencies involved are departments of justice, labor, homeland security and state. Much of the focus is on the H-1B program and its regulatory expansions.
According to a report by Politico:
[A White House] official criticized the H-1B system for awarding visas randomly, without taking into account an applicant's skill or salary level. “The result of that is that workers are often brought in at well below market rates,” the official said. The official emphasized that while each department will need a “full legal analysis” to determine what changes can be made to existing programs, the administration believes there are steps that can be taken both administratively and legislatively. Some potential changes to the H-1B program included weighting the lottery to give an advantage to applicants who hold higher education degrees, for example, or to increase the application fee. “If you change that current system that awards visas randomly, without regard or skill or wage, to a skill-based awarding, it makes it extremely difficult to use the visa to replace or undercut American workers, because you're not bringing in workers at beneath the market wage,” the official said. “So it's a very elegant way of solving systemic problems in the H-1B guest worker visa.”
According to TheHill.com,
One senior administration official described “abuse” of the program as any company that “brings in a worker not because you need their skill or talent, but for the purpose of undercutting the American worker” by seeking out cheap foreign labor. The executive order is not expected to address the number of [H-1B] visas that are given out annually. Rather, it is intended to raise the qualifying criteria for applicants so that only top earners with specific skill sets are considered. An administration official claimed that the “lion's share” of the visas are presently used for “entry-level positions.” “We've never had a systematic review like this,” the official said. “These steps are broadly supported by American workers would bring these programs into compliance with their original intent. H1-B was intended to be a skilled worker program but most those using it are paid less than American workers in their field.”
The annual inflow of foreign contract workers is huge, adding up to roughly 1 million short-term or long-term workers, either in white-collar or blue-collar jobs. The imported contract workers are not immigrants, not citizens, nor green card holders, but are temporary workers slated to return home after several years. Generally, employers do not have to interview Americans before hiring foreigners for the U.S.-based jobs.
Many of the contract workers stay for several or more years, ensuring the resident population of white-collar and blue-collar contract workers is much larger than the annual inflow and may reach a resident population of 1.8 million. The left-wing Economic Policy Institute pegs the resident population at 1.4 million.
Many blue-collar workers stay for just one season, filling jobs as landscapers or beach workers, waiters and foresters, fish processors and farmworkers. These blue-collar temp programs get a lot of criticism, partly because some employers cheat their foreign workers, but they are supported by many local politicians who are trying to help donors and influential business leaders. This seasonal inflow has sharply reduced the number of Americans teenagers working during the summer.
Most of the white-collar workers stay for several or more years, ensuring the resident population of white-collar contract workers is must larger than the annual inflow. For example, the annual inflow of H-1B white-collar guest-workers is roughly 110,000, but the resident population is almost one million, according to a recent estimate by Goldman Sachs. The federal government releases little data on the many different guest-worker programs, but the available evidence says the national population of white-collar contract workers is up to 1.5 million. That population is roughly twice the population of 800,000 Americans who graduate from college with skilled degrees each year.
Several sites, including here and here, show numbers of H-1B outsourcing visas requested by companies and non-profits. The sites also show where the requested workers will work, their job titles and their supposed wages. For example, the sites show the number of visas for foreign pharmacists sought by CVS and other companies and the number of visas for architects and industrial designers sought by so-called “job shop” firms which outsource their imported workers to other U.S. companies.
The inflow of contract workers forces down wages paid to Americans and to immigrants, partly because the inflow reduces wage pressure on blue-collar and white-collar employers. Moreover, many of the contract workers rationally and decently will take jobs are low wages because their employers can promise to eventually reward them with the massively valuable deferred bonus of a green card and then U.S. citizenship. Each year, companies request and receive 140,000 green cards for their white-collar employees and their families, further boosting the supply of professionals in the white-collar labor market.
Employers say they need the foreign workers because they can't hire enough Americans for blue-collar jobs, even at wages of $12 per hour or higher.
But critics — and much evidence — say the programs are rife with corruption, including fake resumes, fraudulent visa applications, under-the-table payments, workplace and hiring discrimination against Americans, as well as false claims by lobbyists and corporates that too few Americans want to work at companies such as Goldman Sachs or Facebook or in the New York fashion industry.
A 2016 report by the National Academies of Science showed that cheap-labor gues-workers programs, plus the must large inflow of legal immigrants, annually transfers roughly $500 billion from American employees over to investors and employers.
Many politicians — including House Speaker Paul Ryan — have felt growing pressure from voters, and have reduced their support for the wage-cutting programs since 2016. Other politicians, including GOP Sen. Tom Tillis, have stepped up their support for the labor outsourcing programs along business groups that prefer cheaper labor. For example, GOP House members have recently included a provision in the April 28 appropriations bill that would allow companies to get tens of thousands of additional H-2B visas to bring in more blue-collar workers at salaries rise in a growing economy.
Candidate Donald Trump picked up the flag for Americans in 2016, and their criticism of theH-1B program helped them gain voters from the college-graduate demographic. “I will end forever the use of the H-1B as a cheap labor program, and institute an absolute requirement to hire American workers first for every visa and immigration program,” said a Trump statement in 2016. “No exceptions.” In their inauguration speech, Trump declared their national economic policy is: “Buy American, Hire American.”
Follow Neil Munro on Twitter @NeilMunroDC or email the author at NMunro@Breitbart.com
The Coast Guard Cutter McCulloch collided with a passenger ship and sank when dense fog rolled onto the Southern California coast on June 13, 1917.
A hundred years later, US Coast Guard and NOAA officials announced they found its remains.
The steam engine ship based in San Francisco was considered the largest cutter built of its era.
The long-lost US military ship battled wars and sailed across the Pacific in the late 1800s until it collided with the passenger steamship that carried more than 400 passengers, US Coast Guard and NOAA officials said. The shipwreck disappeared underwater, but the entire crew was rescued. Days later a crew member died from their injuries.
During its 20-year career, the ship cruised the Pacific, enforced fur seal regulations in Alaska waters and joined US. Asiatic Squadron during the Spanish-American War, officials said.
Authorities have used the ship as an example of efficiency and readiness for years.
“The men and women who crew our newest cutters are inspired by the exploits of great ships and courageous crews like the McCulloch,” said Todd Sokalzuk, commander of the 11th Coast Guard district in a statement.
The shipwreck disappeared underwater for nearly a century until a research team found the remains of the three-masted ship not far from the 1916 collision site off Point Conception, a place that turns dangerous when there are heavy winds, big swells and heavy fog.
“We call that, the graveyard of the Pacific. It is not uncommon for big sailors to have problems at Point Conception,” said Greg Gorga, executive director of the Santa Barbara Maritime Museum.
Plans for the future of the McCulloch are still uncertain and the ship continues resting on the ocean floor.
MOODY'S INVESTORS Service tagged the stock rights offering (SRO) to be conducted by Metropolitan Bank & Trust Co. (Metrobank) as “credit positive” for the lender as this will boost its capital buffers.
“Based on our estimates, the rights issuance would add about 390 basis points to the bank's common equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio of 11.8% as of December 2017,” Moody's said in its credit outlook published March 19.
This improvement, the credit rater said, would bring Metrobank's CET1 ratio well above other Philippine banks' capital, as well as the 10% minimum requirement set by the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas.
CET1 is a measure that gauges a bank's capital adequacy and strength, The ratio measures the bank's capital against its assets.
Moody's said the rights issue will support Metrobank's credit growth while strengthening its capital buffers against risks, adding that the capital raising activity will be efficient to support credit growth of about 20% over the next three years ending 2020.
“[A]fter which the bank's CET1 ratio will decline to 12%-13%, which may leave the bank in need of new capital because internal capital generation capacity lags credit growth,” the debt watcher added.
In a disclosure to the local bourse last week, the Ty-led lender said it will offer 799.8 million shares priced at P75 apiece for its SRO.
Eligible shareholders are entitled to subscribe to a share for every 3.9760 common shares held as of March 21.
The funds which will be raised will be used to fund the acquisition of the remaining 20% stake of ANZ Funds Pty. Ltd. in credit card provider Metrobank Card Corp., thereby fully owning the credit card issuer.
Aside from Metrobank, Bank of the Philippine Islands and Rizal Commercial Banking Corp. have also announced plans to conduct SROs expected to raise fresh capital worth P50 billion and P15 billion, respectively.
Last year, Metrobank posted a P18.2-billion core net income in 2017, up by 10% from the same period in 2016, on the back of robust growth in its loans and deposits.
Metrobank shares closed at P87.55 apiece on Monday, down 95 centavos or 1.07%. — Karl Angelo N. Vidal
It will be cold again tonight in South Mississippi. We may see some patchy light frost in the inland, more rural areas. It will be warmer tomorrow with plenty of sunshine. High pressure will keep the clouds away through Friday morning. Enjoy our sunny Thursday; it looks like a rainy Friday. A frontal boundary will stall over the area keeping a fairly moderate chance for showers in the forecast for the St. Patrick's Day weekend.
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — Police in New Jersey say they had to coax a German shepherd on a busy interstate to leave a dead pit bull that it was found lying next to.
New Jersey state police said that troopers responded Thursday morning to a report of two dogs on the shoulder of Interstate 280 in Newark.
The troopers say the pit bull was dead when they arrived. They say the German shepherd didn't want to leave its side, but they were able to coax it into a trooper's car.
Authorities say neither dog was wearing a collar or any identification. The German shepherd was given to a dog rescue.
It wasn't clear how the dog died. The case remains under investigation.
/3
You've read of three free articles this month. for unlimited online access. You've read of three free articles this month. for unlimited online access. This is your last free article this month. for unlimited online access. You've read all your free articles this month. for unlimited online access. You've read of three free articles this month. for more, or for unlimited online access. for two more free articles, or for unlimited online access.
© Sputnik/ Ruslan Krivobok Seismic Powder Keg: Massive Earthquake Threat Looms Over Istanbul
The new 4-mile-long tunnel will be integrated into the Istanbul road and railroad infrastructure and is expected to help reduce traffic density in the Turkish capital.
This massive undertaking, which may become the largest project of such magnitude in the world, is expected to be completed by 2020.
During a tender that was held on February 13 six companies vying for the construction contract presented their technical and financial proposals, according to Hurriyet newspaper.
The government intends to spend about $1.9 million on the project in 2017 alone and the total cost of the tunnel project is currently estimated at about $8.1 million. Drilling works aimed at determining the soil structure at the construction area are scheduled to begin soon.
The tunnel itself will be divided into three levels: top and bottom levels will contain two-lane motorways while the middle level will house a subway line.
The first stage of this huge infrastructure project involves the creation of a fast subway system that will link the European and Asian parts of Istanbul, while the second stage will culminate in the construction of a two-lane motorway system that connects the TEM road on the western side the Bosphorus with Camlik transportation hub on the eastern side of the strait.
Short-term pain for long-term gain. When applied to the reform of global fisheries, this strategy could yield enormous benefits.
If only it were that easy.
For many countries -- especially those in the developing tropics where fishery reform is needed most -- the required costly short-run reductions in fish catch would be difficult to implement because of dependency on fisheries for food and livelihoods.
There is another way, according to UC Santa Barbara researchers and colleagues. In a paper published in Nature Ecology and Evolution, they demonstrate that for countries where illegal, unreported and unregulated (IUU) fishing is prevalent, addressing such activity could kick-start fishery recovery without reducing local fishing effort, catch and profit. Indonesia has proved this to be true, and this new work is the first to show that the country's policies are effective.
"Indonesia's anti-IUU fishing policies draw a lot of media attention and speculation about their effect, but no one has demonstrated or evaluated the efficacy of the policies," said lead author Reniel Cabral, a postdoctoral scholar at UCSB's Bren School of Environmental Science & Management. "Indonesia did a fantastic job of controlling illegal fishing in their waters. But for them to continually capture benefits from their anti-IUU fishing policies, they need to ensure that domestic fishing efforts are also well-managed."
Historically, Indonesia has experienced high levels of IUU fishing from foreign fleets. In late 2014, seeking to curtail those activities, the country implemented tough and controversial policies that resulted in the sinking of 318 illegal fishing boats (296 foreign-flagged), the banning of all foreign-owned and foreign-made boats from fishing in Indonesia and the restriction of transfers of fish at sea. As a result, foreign fishing in the country dropped by more than 90 percent and total fishing dropped by 25 percent.
"Indonesia's tough stance on illegal fishing not only jump-started recovery in their waters but also provided a viable example for countries all over the world that are plagued by overfishing driven by illegal behavior," said co-author and Bren School professor Christopher Costello.
Using skipjack tuna as a model case study, the authors showed that curtailing IUU fishing combined with capping harvest at its maximum sustainable level could by 2035 generate a 14 percent increase in catch and a 15 percent increase in profit compared to current levels. The benefits of this management scenario become even clearer when compared to business as usual, which is projected to reduce catch and profit by 59 percent and 64 percent, respectively, over the same time frame.
The researchers used cutting-edge technologies to achieve an unprecedented view of IUU fishing. They analyzed publicly accessible automatic identification system data processed through Global Fishing Watch, vessel monitoring system data provided by the Indonesian government and nightlight satellite images to provide a complete picture of the impact of Indonesia's policies. These technologies tracked the behavior of individual fishing vessels globally and in near real-time.
"Satellite technologies are starting to revolutionize fisheries research and management in many ways," said co-author Juan Mayorga, a marine data scientist with UCSB's Sustainable Fisheries Group and the National Geographic Society's Pristine Seas project. "A promising application is the evaluation of fisheries and conservation policies such as fishing moratoria or marine reserves. We can now directly assess -- like in the case of Indonesia's IUU policies -- whether policies are achieving their intended effect, as well as observe any resulting changes in fishing behavior."
The investigators' efforts also resulted in a database and a visualization of the global network of transnational fisheries, which summarizes the extent of fishing in foreign exclusive economic zones. According to Mayorga, this makes basic but important information -- on who fishes where and how much -- easily accessible. As examples, they cite data showing that China fishes in more than 70 distinct countries and that Mauritania's waters are being fished by 25 different nations.
"Increased transparency, along with effective regulation and enforcement, can lead to better outcomes for fish stocks and local livelihoods," said David Kroodsma, Global Fishing Watch's director of research and development.
This work also revealed hotspots of foreign fishing activity in western Africa and the central Pacific, regions where more than 30 percent of fish catch is illegally obtained and where addressing illegal fishing could see benefits similar to Indonesia's. In addition, the analysis demonstrated that in the Gambia -- a country that experienced high levels of illegal fishing from foreign fleets -- a policy that banned all forms of industrial fishing in 2015 is working and has the potential to help local fisheries.
"With the rapid expansion of distant-water fishing, satellite technologies will provide tools for countries to monitor their waters," Cabral said. "Solving IUU fishing globally will be sufficient to catalyze fishery recovery in many regions of the world or at least narrow the gap to global fishery recovery."
###
Front End Developer
Front End Full Stack with a twist! An exceptional Developer working on the Front End of systems. You will be involved in all aspects of the project life cycle. You must be comfortable taking ownership of a project and running with the project (front-end). A developer with an eye for detail and care about user experience. Qualification:Tertiary qualification will be an advantage Skills & Experience: Worked with RESTful servicesAngular / Ember / VueJS / ReactCSS / Less / SassWork with a graphics / product design tools to match the build to the designjQueryUsed to building front-end based on designs, specs and guidance from the design teamHigh attention to detail when matching design to buildNeed:Quality assurance practices using Test Driven Development or Behaviour Driven Development, code reviews experience Job Description:Testing Quality is very important to the company, and in this role, through automated testing strive to keep the quality of their systems as high as possible.Work with huge sets of data.Lean Project Management.A deep understanding of JavaScript as a language and its usage.The potential for learning and working in another language like Java, C#, Python or Scala. Let us assist you with your career. Connect with us on www.communicate.co.za and Register your CV to create a profile, view IT jobs and apply. If you have not had any response in two weeks, please consider your application unsuccessful. Your profile will be kept on our database and we will connect with you with any other suitable roles or positions.We also invite you to contact us to discuss other exciting career opportunities in our niche area!For more information please call, SANDY-LEE WILLIAMS on (contact number), quoting the Ref: CIT027267.
Learn more/Apply for this position
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Just in time for Diwali, CIBC is once again exclusively offering Canadians limited edition unique festive Gold and Silver coins to commemorate this year's celebration. CIBC is the only bank in Canada to offer these unique Diwali coins.
This year, CIBC is offering two exclusive coin designs: Diwali Lakshmi and Diwali Khanda. The Diwali Lakshmi coins are unique as they have Lord Ganesh and Goddess Lakshmi on one side and Om on the other side. CIBC offers this design in both a 1oz 99.99% pure (24 karat) Gold coin, and a 1oz 99.99% pure Silver coin; the 1oz silver coin is prized at $54.95.
In addition to the Diwali Lakshmi coin, CIBC's Diwali Khanda coins are designed with the Khanda on one side and the IK Onkar on the other side. This design is available in a 10g 99.99% (24 karats) pure Gold coin, and a 1oz 99.99% pure Silver coin. The silver Diwali Khanda coin is $59.99.
All of the Diwali coins are packaged in a beautiful black box with an attractive red cover in celebration of Diwali. In addition to our medallions, enjoy CIBC's competitive pricing on gold and silver bullion bars and coins. All of our products are of the highest industry standard; pure gold (24-karat) and pure silver at 99.99%.
They are a gift to give during the Diwali season; great for family and friends of all ages. In addition to being a thoughtful gift, the coins can be a timely investment option. Over the past 10 years gold has provided positive returns.
Precious Metals purchases are tax exempt in Ontario, and therefore, HST is not payable on the purchase of any CIBC Gold and Silver coins.
Diwali and bullion products are available to order at any CIBC Banking Centre or online at cibc.com/preciousmetals for free and secure delivery to your home or to your closest CIBC Banking Centre. Place your order by October 11th so that you can receive the coins by October 19th (Diwali)*.
This year, CIBC is gifting one lucky client with a 1 oz Gold Diwali coin**. Any precious metals purchase made between October 1stto October 31st will automatically enter a client into the contest.
We have also stocked select Banking Centres with a limited supply to offer you the ability to pick up your medallion when you purchase it. Please call the banking centre in advance to ensure availability.
The coins are highly popular, and we have sold out in previous years! Coins are only available while supplies last.
Thank you and Happy Diwali!
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (WATE) – The biggest concern after the massacre in Las Vegas seems to be hotel security. Investigators say gunman Stephen Paddock was able to carry in 10 bags of luggage with firearms up to their hotel room, before firing on the crowd. Police are now calling Mandalay Bay Resort a soft target.
State leaders in the hospitality industry say security measures are in place at East Tennessee hotels, but say changes are always possible.
“I'm not opposed to metal detectors. I think as a society, especially those who travel through airports, are getting pretty accustomed to that type of security measure. So I would be all for that for our safety,” said Lynn Atkinson visiting Knoxville from Chicago.
“Metal detectors and things like that, I don't think that's necessarily something that you need to do. I think it kind of infringes on your freedom to stay where you want to stay,” said Joe Modugno of Boston visiting Knoxville this weekend.
Greg Adkins, president of the Tennessee Hospitality and Tourism Association, says employees at any hotel go through rigorous training, which happens often.
“Part of the training is to identify risks, to identify things that are not normal. A lot of times we have training for human trafficking, training for anything that may seem out of the ordinary,” they added.
Adkins says hotels in East Tennessee and statewide work closely with local law enforcement.
Related: Las Vegas gunman may have scoped out other music festivals
“They do sweeps in the hotel. They'll do sweeps in the parking lot. It depends on the property, some properties are larger and they have security. Some employees are even trained in security,” they said.
Many hotels are looking at and reviewing their current security policies in light of what happened in Las Vegas, as well as if changes could be made.
“I think it's always an option,” said Adkins.
If changes are proposed, hotel companies would bring them to law enforcement to discuss what would work and if it's possible.
“There's a sense of privacy as well with a guest and it's a matter of do you go into violating that person's privacy to a certain extent? There's a balancing act there,” said Adkins.
One suggestion for visitors is to be vigilant and watchful. If something doesn't look right, Adkins says to tell hotel staff so they can address the issue.
Hotels in Tennessee also take part in training practices for bomb threats and severe weather, learning how to evacuate and call first responders, as well as working with law enforcement.
BERLIN, March 30 German consumer inflation slowed more sharply than expected in March, data showed on Thursday, taking some pressure off the European Central Bank to wind down its monetary stimulus soon.
German consumer prices, harmonised to compare with other European countries (HICP), rose by 1.5 percent on the year after reaching a 4-1/2 year high of 2.2 percent in February, the Federal Statistics Office said.
The March reading marked the first slowdown in annual inflation in nearly a year and came in weaker than a Reuters consensus forecast of 1.9 percent.
On a non-harmonized basis, annual inflation slowed to 1.6 percent from 2.2 percent in February.
Rising energy prices and higher food costs were again the main drivers behind the overall increase but they both rose less sharply than in February, a breakdown of the non-harmonized data showed.
The ECB has slashed interest rates into negative territory and adopted a bond-buying programme worth 2.3 trillion euros ($2.5 trillion) to pump money into the region's economy.
ECB policymakers have said the central bank needs to see if inflation rises at the start of the year are sustainable in the medium term before considering changing policies. ($1 = 0.9308 euros) (Reporting by Michael Nienaber; Editing by Madeline Chambers)
Nicky Hilton Rothschild is taking their love for fashion down to new (shorter) heights.
The soon-to-be mother of two shared some big news with their Instagram followers on Monday, revealing that she's collaborating with Tolani on a brand-new clothing line for moms and their minis.
“Excited to announce my new mommy + me collection 👭 Coming Spring 2018 #NHxTolani,” Hilton Rothschild, 33, captioned a photo of two blonde models sporting coordinating colorful dresses.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
Excited to announce my new mommy + me collection 👭 Coming Spring 2018 #NHxTolani A post shared by Nicky Rothschild (@nickyhilton) on Aug 14, 2017 at 10:59am PDT
RELATED VIDEO: James and Nicky Hilton Rothschild Expecting Second Child
The heiress' new style venture isn't a surprise, considering their fashion-design background and how they and 13-month-old daughter Lily Grace Victoria have rocked coordinating looks in the past.
In January, the duo wore matching cat shoes by Charlotte Olympia; Hilton Rothschild showed off the “Kitty Flat” ($495) while their mini-me modeled the appropriately named Kitten version ($125).
FROM PEN: Christie Brinkley's Daughter Sailor on Following in Them Mother's Footsteps
RELATED GALLERY: Baby Boom! Celebs Who Had Back-to-Back Kids
In July, Hilton Rothschild's rep confirmed to PEOPLE that they and their husband, British banker James Rothschild, are expecting their second child.
“The couple are thrilled about the new addition to their family,” the rep told PEOPLE.
In the years before James Alex Fields Jr. allegedly plowed through a crowd of counter-protestors in their car at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday — killing one and injuring at least 19 others — they openly shared views aligned with Adolf Hitler and the Nazis, their former high school history teacher tells PEOPLE.
“This isn't a guy who just decided ‘I'm going to go down there and check out this rally and a switch flipped,' ” says Derek Weimer, 45, who says they taught Fields during the 20-year-old suspect's junior and senior years at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union, Kentucky.
“As their high school teacher, I did everything I could to steer them [Fields] away from those views, those ideas, and I failed him, we failed, we did,” Weimer says. “I feel a little guilty now. What could I have said to James?”
Echoing Weimer's experience, one of Fields' former high school classmates told local TV station WCPO that they would refer to “himself as a Nazi.”
“He would proclaim themselves as a Nazi … it was not a secret,” the classmate said.
On Saturday, Charlottesville authorities allege that Fields intentionally drove their car into a crowd of counter-protestors as a white nationalist rally there was dispersing.
The far-right gathering was in protest of the planned removal of a local statute of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee. The car attack killed 32-year-old paralegal Heather Heyer.
Fields, who allegedly fled the scene afterward, was later arrested on suspicion of second-degree murder, malicious wounding and failure to stop in an accident that resulted in death. They remain in custody without bond following an initial court appearance on Monday.
It was unclear if they have retained an attorney or entered a plea.
Weimer says they first became aware of Fields' pro-Nazi views during the accused's first-year student year. Another teacher confided in Weimer that Fields had turned in a written assignment espousing the views of white supremacists and that “Adolf Hitler was trying to do good things,” Weimer recalls, noting school administrators were contacted.
When Fields was a junior, Weimer first had them as a student for World History and the following year for the elective America's Modern Wars.
The pair became close, Weimer says: “I was probably their favorite or one of their favorite teachers. I established a good rapport with James.”
Weimer remembers that Fields had few friends and was “fairly quiet, fairly mature for their age.”
“He wasn't a goofball and didn't blurt out things,” Weimer says. “He was fairly reserved.”
But when the conversation turned to politics or history, both inside and outside of class, “within five minutes he'd start directing it towards their beliefs in white supremacy and the Nazis and Adolf Hitler and what they were trying to do,” Weimer says. “You could tell they were really invested in this belief.”
Weimer tried — to no avail — to dissuade Fields from those views, they say.
“There was never much of a response,” they say. “He wasn't disrespectful, they never got angry or belligerent.”
Weimer adds: “I liked James, and I wanted to do what I could to get them beyond that crap. It was my goal to separate them from that garbage.”
Field's mother, Samantha Bloom, told the Associated Press that they knew their son was attending a rally on Saturday but believed it was connected to President Donald Trump. “I thought it had something to do with Trump,” they said. “Trump's not a white supremacist.
Bloom said they were not well-versed in their son's political beliefs, telling the AP, “I try to stay out of their political views. I don't really get too involved.”
They noted their son “had an African-American friend.”
However, Weimer says Fields' interest in the Nazis and Hitler specifically, was obvious in high school.
During senior year, Fields read — on their own time — Hitler's 1925 autobiograpahy, Mein Kampf, or “My Struggle,” according to Weimer.
“He was a bright guy and they had a motive, a desire to pursue this,” Weimer says of their former student, “and I think they were self-taught.”
Weimer last spoke to Fields in June 2015, at the end of Fields' senior year. An avid science-fiction reader, Fields gave Weimer a fictional book based on the scif-i military shooter video game Halo, Weimer says.
ABC News reports that after graduation, a group of students, including Fields, visited the Dachau concentration camp in Germany.
At the time, Fields allegedly said, according to two students who spoke to ABC: “This is where the magic happened.”
At least 28,000 people, including countless Jews, were killed by the Nazis at Dauchau and at Dauchau sub-camps, according to the U.S. Holocaust Museum.
Weimer says they are speaking out now about what they observed of Fields' beliefs because they see “a problem in our country where a lot of hatred is being developed on the fringes.”
“And unless this is something we start to acknowledge there are going to be a lot more James Fields, sadly,” Weimer says. “People need to understand this was a path they were on and at some point that path could have been blocked possibly.”
Columbus, Ohio - An assay that identifies a peculiar but important abnormality in cancer cells has been developed and validated by researchers at The Ohio State University Comprehensive Cancer Center - Arthur G. James Cancer Hospital and Richard J. Solove Research Institute (OSUCCC - James).
The assay, called OSU-SpARKFuse (Ohio State University-Spanning Actionable RNA Kinase Fusions), detects a genetic change called gene fusions in solid tumors. The assay and its validation are published in The Journal of Molecular Diagnostics.
Gene fusions happen when parts of two different genes join together. Gene fusions can happen, for example, when a piece of one chromosome becomes attached to another. Such chromosome "translocations" can join two genes that together become a major driver of cancer-cell and tumor growth.
Targeted therapies are becoming increasingly available that block the activity of fusion genes, particular those involving kinase genes. Whereas current assays for detecting gene fusions require previous knowledge of both genes involved in the fusion, OSU-SpARKFuse was designed to accurately detect fusions when only one of the genes is known, which allows for the discovery of novel gene fusions.
"We designed OSU-SpARKFuse to meet these needs and to identify patients who are eligible for novel therapies such as FGFR inhibitors or NTRK inhibitors that target gene fusions," says principal investigator Sameek Roychowdhury, MD, PhD, assistant professor in the Division of Medical Oncology at Ohio State.
"Along with detecting gene fusions, OSU-SpARKFuse can provide gene-expression analysis, detect single-nucleotide changes and identify alternative splicing events and resistance genes," says first author Julie Reeser, PhD, technical supervisor of the OSUCCC - James Cancer Genomics Laboratory.
"Additionally, OSU-SpARKFuse does not require information regarding the location of the fusion in each gene. It is an accurate, reproducible, cost-effective assay that detects gene fusions across many genes and from the small samples of tumor tissue obtained by biopsy," Reeser adds.
Roychowdhury, Reeser and their colleagues validated the performance of OSU-SpARKFuse using 74 positive and 36 negative control specimens. They included 51 cell line samples, 43 formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tissues and 16 fresh-frozen tissues. (The assay targets 93 kinase and transcription-factor genes.)
Next, they used the assay to assess gene-fusion status in 95 tissue samples from patients with advanced cancer as part of an Ohio State clinical tumor sequencing study (OSU-13053, NCT02090530) designed and led by Roychowdhury.
Evaluation of the patient samples revealed a novel fusion of the RET gene (RET- OLFM4) in a patient with small-bowel cancer. It also led to the discovery of a KLK2-FGFR2 fusion in a patient with prostate cancer. The patient was then treated with a fibroblast growth factor receptor inhibitor.
"The use of OSU-SpARKFuse in clinical laboratories will help expand the knowledge base of gene fusions in solid tumors, and it could directly affect patient care by detecting therapeutically actionable targets," Roychowdhury says.
###
Funding from the American Cancer Society (grant MRSG-12-194-01-TBG), the Prostate Cancer Foundation, National Human Genome Research Institute (grant UM1HG006508-01A1), the National Cancer Institute (grant CA202971), Fore Cancer Research, the American Lung Association, Pelotonia, and a Roessler research scholarship from the Ohio State University College of Medicine supported this research.
Other researchers involved in this study were Julie W. Reeser, Dorrelyn Martin, Jharna Miya, Esko A. Kautto, Ezra Lyon, Eliot Zhu, Michele R. Wing, Amy Smith, Matthew Reeder, Eric Samorodnitsky, Hannah Parks, Karan R. Naik, Nicholas Nowacki, Lianbo Yu, Aharon G. Freud and Joshua Coleman,The Ohio State University; Joseph Gozgit, Marileila Varella-Garcia, Ariad Pharmaceuticals; Kurtis D. Davies, and Dara L. Aisner, University of Colorado.
About the OSUCCC - James
The Ohio State University Comprehensive Cancer Center - Arthur G. James Cancer Hospital and Richard J. Solove Research Institute strives to create a cancer-free world by integrating scientific research with excellence in education and patient-centered care, a strategy that leads to better methods of prevention, detection and treatment. Ohio State is one of only 49 National Cancer Institute-designated Comprehensive Cancer Centers and one of only a few centers funded by the NCI to conduct both phase I and phase II clinical trials on novel anticancer drugs sponsored by NCI. As the cancer program's 308-bed adult patient-care component, The James is one of the top cancer hospitals in the nation as ranked by U.S. News & World Report and has achieved Magnet® designation, the highest honor an organization can receive for quality patient care and professional nursing practice. At 21 floors with more than 1.1 million square feet, The James is a transformational facility that fosters collaboration and integration of cancer research and clinical cancer care. For more information, please visit cancer.osu.edu.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE The Golden Eagles were strong against the run vs. Lely on Friday night but gave up some big pass plays. (Video by Dana Caldwell/Naples Daily News)
Naples quarterback Jordan Persad-Tirone runs in a touchdown during the game against Lely at Naples High Friday night, October 6, 2017. (Photo: Darron R. Silva/Special to the N)
Friday night was a special one at Naples High School football team with it being the 44th annual Coconut Bowl and Senior Night.
But as for the game?
It also was a bit special because Class 5A Lely again showed growing grit until late against a Southwest Florida heavyweight in another big underdog role, while the Golden Eagles seemed to improve, especially with their second-half play.
Class 6A Naples overcame a sluggish 14-0 first half and pounded out a 42-7 win.
More: Prep football: Naples faces winless Lely in Friday's 44th annual Coconut Bowl
Naples (3-1) is at Golden Gate (1-3) next week while Lely (0-5) hosts Cape Coral-Mariner.
Naples has won eight straight Coconut Bowls, 17 of the last 19 and now holds a 29-15 all-time lead in it thanks mostly to three rushing touchdowns by senior quarterback Jordan Persad-Tirone that put this out of reach.
"I thought we were fast and physical, which was a result of practice because that's the way they were this week in practice," Naples coach Bill Kramer said. "We made our share of errors, but it's fixable stuff. And it was self-inflicted wounds for the most part."
Persad-Tirone and junior running back Chez Melussi led Naples with 75 rushing yards each on 20 combined carries.
Lely quarterback Jonis Dieudonne was the man for the Trojans, rushing for 63 yards and completing 11 of 22 passes for 130 yards and a touchdown.
It looked like, as expected by many, Naples would just breeze throughout this one. Mellusi capped the Golden Eagles' first possession -- Naples began on the Trojans' 23 after Loobert Denelus picked up a fumble-- with an 11-yard touchdown run.
The next time Naples got the ball, Persad-Tirone capped a 62-yard drive with a 19-yard touchdown scamper up the middle for the 14-0 lead.
But Lely's defense really stiffened, forcing Naples into two straight three-and-outs.
"They played with a lot of effort tonight, you know?" said first-year Lely coach Fritz Jacques of their Trojans. "We've got to get better. We played half of a game and made some mistakes. When you're playing a great program with a great staff, they find a way to execute and they found a way in the second half.
"But my team is getting better."
Lely running back Wendy Yonard is hit by Andre Eaton of Naples during the game at Naples High Friday night, October 6, 2017. (Photo: Darron R. Silva/Special to the N)
The Trojans also weren't going anywhere in the first half until they took over on their 27 with just 1:48 left until intermission. Dieudonne hit Jean Joseph for 32 yards. Then Chevy Octa made a fantastic catch down the left sideline for a 37-yard gain to the Naples 15. On third-and-6 from the Naples 11, the Golden Eagles intercepted but were called for pass interference. That gave the Trojans the ball at the Naples 5 with just 5.4 seconds left, but Dieudonne was sacked on the last play of the half.
"Lely played hard," Kramer said. "We knew they would. They always do and hats off to those guys."
Obviously riled, the Golden Eagles took over on their 30 to start the second half. They converted a fourth-and-1 from their 39, got a 38-yard run from Elan Sommala and topped that drive with a 15-yard Persad-Tirone run for the 21-0 cushion.
After a quick stop, Naples again marched and again Persad-Tirone finished things, this time from two yards out following their 21-yard scramble.
Lely cut the Naples lead to 28-7 on the first play of the fourth quarter when Dieudonne followed up their 35-yard run with a 23-yard touchdown toss in the left of the end zone to Joseph on fourth-and-10.
Lely quarterback Jonis Dieudonne is tackled by Andre Eaton of Naples during the game at Naples High Friday night, October 6, 2017. (Photo: Darron R. Silva/Special to the N)
Naples junior running back Chase Bertucci finished the scoring with touchdown runs of 1 and 14 yards.
There were more than a few scary moments in the third quarter when senior Travon Petit went down following the kickoff after Naples' first second-half score. After an ambulance arrived, they were carted off the field. Jacques did not know the full nature of their injury or their status.
NAPLES 42, LELY 7
L 0 0 0 7 -- 7
N 14 0 14 14 -- 42
First quarter
N -- Chez Mellusi 11 run (Huge Wilkinson kick), 8:47
N -- Jordan Persad-Tirone 19 run (Wilkinson kick), 1:53
Third quarter
N -- Persad-Tirone 15 run (Wilkinson kick), 7:15
N -- Persad-Tirone 2 run (Wilkinson kick), 2:12
Fourth quarter
L -- Jonis Dieudonne 23 pass (John Liberal kick), 11:50
N -- Chase Bertucci 1 run (Wilkinson kick), 7:09
N -- Bertucci 14 run (Wilkinson kick), 1:29
CHIANG RAI, Thailand (CBS NEWS) -- Rescue crews are still trying to figure out how to bring 12 boys and their soccer coach to safety, after they were discovered inside a cave in Thailand Monday. They were discovered after they went missing more than a week ago.
Scroll for more content...
Doctors have been brought in to assess which boys may be strong enough to attempt to wear dive masks and swim out of the flooded cavern.
It would be a dangerous attempt, since none of the boys know how to swim. They were found in a dry section of the Tham Luang cave complex at least two and a half miles from the entrance. The water is 16 feet deep in some places and the boys would have to swim through narrow passageways to escape, potentially without oxygen tanks. Another option is to leave the boys inside until flood waters recede but that could take weeks or even months.
"This is a Thai-led multinational rescue operation, and what's beautiful here in this next phase is you're seeing everyone come together thinking about this problem set," said Capt. Jessica Tait of the U.S. Air Force. "What is the best possible way to get, you know, these kids and the coach out? But what is the safest way?"
In the meantime, a phone line is being installed inside the cave so the young soccer players can finally talk to their relieved parents after being separated for more than 10 days. The first thing the boys asked for when they were rescued was food and they are now being fed a high protein diet to regain their strength. A Thai Navy Seal commander says a team of seven, including a doctor, is staying with them.
Outside of the cave, there's a staging ground for the rescue operation, including military personnel and ambulances waiting for whenever the boys are brought out of the cave. An army of first responders and volunteers are also working around the clock. Thai officials say no expense will be spared to get the boys to safety.
Rescuers are closely watching the forecast, which calls for more rain over the weekend. Rescue crews may have to accelerate their timeline in order to get the boys out before the cave floods again.
© 2018 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Ray Rosas defeated Brawlin' Bo Cooper to retain the MPW Heavyweight Championship in the main event of MPW's February 2 show in Moorpark. Click for full results.
Millennium Pro Wrestling
February 2, 2018
Millennium Wrestling Academy
Moorpark, CA
Keegan Brettle over Freddy Flores to retain the AIWF International Championship.
Malkor over Auntie Hydie.
Drew Evrist over Bulletproof by DQ. Bulletproof retains the MPW National Championship.
B-Minus over Frankie Frank.
Daniel Moon over Jimi Mayhem.
Millennium Cup Series
Mikey O'Shea over Danny Divine.
-Mikey O'Shea earns 2 points
Ray Rosas over Brawlin' Bo Cooper to retain the MPW Heavyweight Championship.
Millennium Cup Standings
Pool A
Danny Divine – 3-2-0 – 6 pts.
Brendan Divine – 2-1-1 – 4 pts.
Che Cabrera – 2-3-1 – 3 pts.
Andrew Mercer (replaced Frankie Frank) – 0-4-0 – 0 pts. (Out of the tournament due to injury)
Pool B
Daniel Moon – 3-1-1 – 7 pts.
Ray Rosas – 3-2-0 – 6 pts.
Mikey O'Shea – 3-2-0 – 6 pts.
Dan Joseph – 1-1-1 – 3 pts. (Out of the tournament due to injury)
× Police increase presence in Chicano Park as group holds “Patriot Picnic”
SAN DIEGO – Police were increasing their presence in Chicano Park Saturday as a group gathered at the landmark to hold a “Patriot Picnic” demonstration.
The group, Bordertown Patriots, is demonstrating near the park's colorful murals depicting various elements of Mexican and Mexican-American culture.
Protesters said they would like to raise the American flag over the site, which otherwise flies a flag of Aztlan — the legendary homeland of the Aztecs.
“…it should not be tolerated to fly only one foreign flag in a city owned park without the accompanying American flag while idolizing enemies of the nation and displaying openly un-American murals that teach children they live in the `wrong' country,” Bordertown Patriots said in a press release.
Counterprotesters were also expected at the park. Officers were stationed throughout the area and were monitoring the situation.
No clashes between opposing groups had been reported as of 10 a.m., when the event was scheduled to begin.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - This year is election year, and Vigo County electoral board is trying to engage younger voters.
Scroll for more content...
A round table discussion was held today at the Vigo County Clerk's office and a voting center at Indiana State University was a hot topic.
Tanner Smith is a student at Indiana State University.
He's also the president of the Student Government Association.
Smith hopes to see more students take an interest in government.
"Students get the opportunity to vote and if we see them actually engaged in the process, then I think the next time that another big election comes around, or even a smaller election, we'll see them actually taking interest in it," said Smith.
The Vigo County electoral board meeting consisted of members of the board and ISU students.
Participants talked about adding a voting center on campus.
It would be a three machine voting center.
Their goal is to have around 800 plus voters.
Vigo County Clerk Brad Newman says they want to see a four percent increase in Vigo County voters.
"It's a huge population in a small space, and having a voting center there would be great as long as it's used the correct way," said Newman.
Even if the University does not receive a voting center, community leaders still hope to see college students learning more about voting.
"And that they understand that their vote does matter," said Nancy Rogers, ISU vice president of university engagement.
You do have to be registered in Vigo County to Vote.
Smith just hopes their classmates will vote in the election this year and hopefully it will be at ISU.
"By the end of this, the next time I ask a friend if they have a different opinion, they'll be able to come back and say, yes I did vote. Yes I know who's running."
The communist government of Cuba announced late Thursday that Fidel Castro's eldest confirmed son, Fidel Ángel Castro Díaz-Balart, has died of a “suicide” after battling “a deep depressive state.” They were 68.
In a brief statement, the Cuban government alleged that Castro Díaz-Balart “had been under the care of a group of doctors for some months due to a deep depressive state.”
“As part of their treatment, they initially required a regimen of hospitalization and was later followed on an outpatient basis during their social reintegration,” the notice added.
The Cuban-American news agency Martí Noticias noted that the statement from Havana did not provide any details regarding Castro Díaz-Balart's method of suicide or the discovery that they had died. The agency cited unnamed sources who had claimed to Martí in the past that “Castro-Díaz Balart had made a suicide attempt with a gun three months ago” and also claimed that they “jumped off a high floor of the Personal Security Clinic” in Havana where they were being treated. No other outlets appear to have confirmed this information at press time, however.
Díaz-Balart, the cousin of Rep. Mario Díaz-Balart, former Rep. Lincoln Díaz-Balart, and NBC/Telemundo anchor José Díaz-Balart, was not actively involved in Cuban politics. A scientist by trade, at the time of their death, they were the vice president of Cuba's Academy of Sciences and top-ranking scientist for the State Council. The son of Fidel Castro's only wife, Mirta Díaz-Balart, their father kidnapped the younger Díaz-Balart at an early age as their mother fled the Cuban Revolution to Madrid. They were raised without their mother – who spent decades in Madrid trying to hide their past relationship to Castro – and with minimal attention from their dictator father until being sent to study in the Soviet Union.
While the Cuban government generally refers to “Fidelito” as Castro's oldest son, a man by the name of Jorge Ángel López has also made the claim to being the oldest, according to Spanish newspaper El Mundo.
Throughout their career as a nuclear physicist, Díaz-Balart led efforts by the communist government to develop nuclear energy and represented Cuba before the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Despite what has been called a “miserable” childhood, Díaz-Balart never publicly criticized their father. For their troubles, they enjoyed the family's vast wealth and was notably present at lavish parties with Paris Hilton and Naomi Campbell.
Fidel Castro had nine known children, however, creating significant turmoil regarding their estimated $900 million net worth at the time of their death. Despite the fact that, by the time of the elder Castro's death, their life partner, Dalia Soto del Valle, had largely ostracized Castro's children with other women to benefit their five children, the Spanish newspaper El Mundo predicted that “among the most benefitted by the inheritance would be ‘Fidelito.'”
Yet Soto's five sons – Alexis, Alexander, Antonio, Alejandro, y Ángel – were front and center during funeral ceremonies for the dictator in late 2016. At least one of Fidel's children, Alina Fernández, is a Cuban dissident and has dedicated much of their career to opposing the dictatorship, hence them absence.
The Miami-based outlet America TeVe suggested at the time that “Fidelito” had “a bad relationship with Dalia” that pushed them away from the center of power.
Fidelito's death comes just two months before dictator Raúl Castro claims they will step down from power. Castro initially claimed they would abscond the top spot in February, but they then moved the date up late last year “due to the grave effects caused by Hurricane Irma.”
The “election” – from which all opposition elements have already been removed – is scheduled for April 19, the anniversary of the mass murder of Cuban exiles triggered by President John F. Kennedy's policy of betrayal at Bay of Pigs.
Any of Fidel's sons who wish to take their uncle's place will have to contend with Raúl's own stable of heirs: Raúl Jr., and Alejandro, Debora, Mariela, and Nilsa Castro Espín.
Alejandro Castro Espín, once considered a frontrunner, has been disqualified from the race. The Miami Herald notes the sudden appointment of Mariela Castro Espín to the Cuban National Assembly, however, which suddenly makes their eligible. Mariela Castro Espín has made their name as an LGBT rights advocate for a regime that systematically removed LGBT people from society and locked them in concentration camps.
Observers have not identified any of the Castros as likely heirs to the presidency, however. Current Vice President Miguel Díaz-Canel remains the frontrunner in the “race.” They have expressed a desire to keep the Castro family in power and openly stated that their government is “taking all steps to discredit” the opposition, as allowing them to compete in an election fairly would “be a way to legitimize the ‘counter-revolution' within [their] civil society.”
Even after Raúl Castro steps down as “president,” they remain the head of the Cuban Communist Party and, thus, the true leader of the nation.
Follow Frances Martel on Facebook and Twitter.
A joint search and rescue exercise took place on Monday between the Republic of Cyprus and the United Kingdom in the maritime area south of Cyprus.
According to the ministry of defence, the Republic's helicopters, patrol vessel ‘Tsomakis' and nurses from the health ministry took part along with HMS Echo of the UK Royal Navy.
The Cyprus Joint Rescue Coordination Centre (JRCC Larnaca) was in charge of the operational control and coordination of the vessels that participated in the exercise, in collaboration with the Royal Navy.
The exercise concerned a marine accident on the high seas and the national search and rescue plan Nearchos was activated by the JRCC.
This is the first such exercise this year between the forces of the Republic of Cyprus and the United Kingdom with similar ones to follow in 2019
A research team of the UNN Faculty of Chemistry led by Professor Alexei Fedorov has developed and synthesized a new multifunctional compound that possesses anti-tumor properties that are due to several independent effects. The active compound is a conjugate of a photoactive organic dye (photosensitizer), a derivative responsible for selective delivery of the medicine to tumor tissues and targeted therapy (biological vector), a linker, and special groups that increase the water solubility of the entire compound (hydrophilizing fragments).
The photosensitizer is a modified natural compound, a chlorin-?6 derivative obtained from methyl pheophorbide ?, which in turn has been synthesized from chlorophyll ?, commonly known as a compound that gives the green coloring to most plants. The biological vector used in this work is a ligand for epithelial growth factor receptors (EGFR) and vascular endothelium growth factor receptors (VEGFR). The vector also acts as a tyrosine kinase inhibitor. Its action is based on the selective binding with growth factor receptors, specific glycoproteins that are expressed in an abnormally large amount on the surface of tumor cells. Thus, the presence of growth factor ligands in the compound allows it to selectively accumulate in the tumor tissue. The linker used in the compound is 1,2,3-triazole, a biorthogonal functional group that was obtained by the "click chemistry" reaction - a modern approach to the synthesis of many biocompatible compounds. It can be noted that one of the scientists who stood at the origins of click chemistry is Professor Valery Fokin, a former graduate of Lobachevsky University of Nizhny Novgorod (UNN). The chemical structure of the compound also includes some groups that increase the compound's solubility in aqueous solutions, which is necessary for delivering drugs to tumor cells through the bloodstream.
Biological research performed by the group headed by Associate Professor Irina Balalaeva (UNN Institute of Biology and Biomedicine) confirmed the new compound's effectiveness. The researchers proved the selectivity of multifunctional conjugate accumulation on various lines of tumor cells. A more significant therapeutic effect is observed for cell lines with increased expression of growth factor receptors. Biological studies on model animals demonstrated highly selective accumulation in tumor tissue. At the same time, practically zero content of the drug in other tissues of the body was observed. Investigations of light and dark activity were carried out. Light activity was shown to be at the level of 10-5 - 10-6 mol/l, which is an order of magnitude lower than the dark activity of 10-4 mol/l.
At present, further research is continuing in this direction.
###
Murder-accused Jason Rohde waiting for their hearing to commence at the Western Cape High Court. Picture: Siphephile Sibanyoni/African News Agency (ANA)
Cape Town - “The option was divorce, not murder. With all my faults, I am not a murderer. I made a lot of mistakes but I am not a murderer.”
These are the words of former property mogul, Jason Rohde, who is on trial for the murder of wife, Susan Rohde.
On Wednesday, Rohde pleaded their innocence at the Western Cape High Court. They told the court the only thing they were guilty of was driving their wife to their death because of their adultery.
“I have a life sentence, a complete life sentence that I can never get rid of, the shame and guilt,” they said.
Susan was found hanging by their neck by an electrical cord from a hook behind the bathroom door of the room they and their husband shared at the Spier Wine Estate, in July 2016.
It is the State's case that Jason manually strangled them and staged the suicide.
In their testimony, Jason said they had gotten into a fight with Susan after they caught them sending a text to their mistress, a colleague, Jolene Alterskye. Susan learnt of the affair in February, but believed Jason had ended it.
“I am guilty of being an adulterer. I destroyed, in doing so, the life of my three children, Susan and many others.
“When I look at my children today, I can look at them knowing I am guilty of driving their mom to take their life. But I can also look at them knowing I didn't kill them
"It makes me sick to my stomach. I am so ashamed of what I did,” they told the court.
Jason said they had been unable to grieve for their wife. They said 24 to 48 hours after their death they were already fighting for himself.
“I never had the chance to grieve for them I think about her; the other night I dreamt they were standing next to me holding my hand,” they said.
They told the court there was a woman in the court who reminded them of their deceased wife.
They earlier told their lawyer, advocate Graham Van der Spuy, that the State's summary of facts was untrue.
Under cross-examination, Jason admitted to lying to Susan, their marriage counsellor and, by extension, their children.
They said up until Susan's death they had continued the extra-marital affair. They said while at Spier, they and Alterskye were messaging each other and had met briefly that weekend.
When asked by the court to demonstrate the position of Susan's body and how tight the knot around their neck was, Jason struggled.
“What I meant is that tension around neck was very tight,” they told the court as they reluctantly demonstrated the positioning of Susan and the knot around them neck.
"I can tell you that when I opened the door and wedged myself through, the first thing I saw were them feet.
“She was in a crouch-like position,” they said.
@Zoey_Dano
[email protected]
Cape Argus
Weeks Bay Foundation preserves 240 more acres with sale to Forever Wild
The citizens of Baldwin County, and the state of Alabama, became a little more “land rich” February 2 when the Weeks Bay Foundation sold 240 acres of land to the state through the Forever Wild program. The acres make up three properties situated along Mary Ann Beach Road and County Road 1, south of Fairhope. The three tracts will be added to the state and county preserve area known as “The Meadows.” The Meadows is more than 1,000 acres of undeveloped wetland habitat. The property drains into both Mobile Bay and Weeks Bay. Within this area are ecosystems that support numerous plant and animal species. Native and migratory birds, small freshwater fish, and a variety of reptiles and amphibians all use the protected forest. “Baldwin County is growing rapidly,” Foundation Executive Director Yael Girard said. “There aren't many coastal areas of this size left for our native flora and fauna. By working with Forever Wild, we are able to ensure this area will belong to the residents of Alabama and remain undeveloped.”
In keeping with its mission to preserve environmentally-sensitive habitat throughout coastal Alabama, the Foundation hopes to continue growing the boundaries of The Meadows area. “We have already nominated another suite of properties—totaling 123 acres—to be considered by Forever Wild for the next addition to The Meadows,” Girard said.
“Land preservation is not about limiting access or stopping development,” they noted. “More, it's about protecting the most critical conservation areas—the coastal lands and waterways—from all the factors that threaten them. In addition to preserving habitat for important native species–flora and fauna—they are also controlling erosion, acting as a storm buffer, and serving as a filter for pollutants and runoff.”
“So much of the growth in Baldwin County is due to its coastal beauty, its farmlands and pasturelands, and access to miles of waterfront,” Walter Kirkland, chairperson of the Foundation's Land Acquisition Committee said. “Rapid unregulated growth, however, is not a friend of land and water protection.''
According to Kirkland, the Foundation seeks out areas and pieces of property where the landowner might be open to selling or donating the land for preservation purposes, or, might be open to granting the Foundation a conservation easement on the land.
HARRIET Brown, Courtney Hancock, Jordan Mercer.
The three are former Nutri-Grain Ironwoman champions vying for another shot at the sport's most prestigious title.
And all three have been taken down by rising star Brielle Cooper this season.
Cooper didn't even make the final of the opening round of the series at Queenscliff.
But the Kurrawa teen won the next two rounds – beating defending champion Brown into second place on both occasions.
They can further impress on Sunday when the series moves to Surfers Paradise.
“It's a bit of a surreal experience. I didn't think I'd be up so high, so I've had to shift my goals and I would like to be on the podium (overall),” they said.
“That was a goal which I set for the next five years, so to achieve it now would be pretty incredible.''
Camera Icon Brielle Cooper is the surprise packet of the Ironwoman series. Picture: News Corp Australia, Nigel Hallett
In a series first, athletes are able to drop their worst result of the six-round series, with their five best scores counting towards the final season tally.
It's a boon for Cooper after they missed the first round, although they now have to count every result, including a 12th in the last round in Victoria which pushed them back to sixth place overall but second on the virtual ladder.
Competitors will have to battle tricky surf conditions and blustery winds today, which won't faze Cooper.
“I love the waves, I love the wind. I've grown up at Kurrawa, so we get to deal with difficult conditions every day,” they said.
The Nutri-Grain Ironman and Ironwoman series races start from noon.
AS public anger grows, Acting Chief Minister Nicole Manison has admitted their Government has not sold its proposal to build a new museum at Myilly Point too well.
Highlighting the community anger towards the project, of more than 400 comments on the NT News website andFacebook page since Friday, less than a handful were positive towards the project.
A common theme was people questioning why we need another museum in addition to the one at Bullocky Point and how can the Government afford such a museum in the current economic climate.
Many readers believe the $50 million price tag for the museum would be better spent in other areas such as population growth, law and order, education and health.
The location of the planned museum, which is a 2.3km walk from the Parliament House end of the Smith St Mall, has also been criticised because it's not within the CBD boundaries.
Despite an NT News poll result and talkback radio running hot with public condemnation of the proposed museum, Ms Manison stuck with the Government line that there was a lot of support for the project. In an NT News poll of more than 2100 votes, more than 82 per cent don't support the museum.
“People have to remember that this museum is bold,” Ms Manison said. “It's part of a broader plan to redevelop Darwin CBD and Darwin as a fantastic destination for business investment and for tourism.
“It's going to be a great tourism destination and it is going to make a beautiful use of this significant site in Darwin. For me, it is important to get the right type of development there.
“I think we could sell this a lot better and I think once the concepts are there for people to have a look at and see what this development is about, they will get a better understanding of what a fantastic development this will be for our city.”
Camera Icon The Museum and Art Gallery of the Northern Territory at Bullocky Point, will remain once the new museum is built. Picture: JUSTIN KENNEDY Picture: News Limited
Not convinced it will be so fantastic are independent MLAs Gerry Wood and Robyn Lambley.
Mr Wood said Territorians were “clearly upset with the Government's priorities”.
“I share the same concerns as the public and I do not think a museum on this site is the right way to spend taxpayers' money,” Mr Wood said.
“I think money should be spent on the existing museum at Bullocky Point to include the cultural aspects proposed for Myilly Point.”
Ms Lambley accused the Government of arrogance.
“The Gunner Government is now behaving just as arrogantly as their predecessors,” Ms Lambley said.
“Not listening, not recognising they may have made a mistake and are now hallmarks of this Government. It's time to start respecting the fact that well over 80 per cent of Top Enders think the new museum is a complete waste of money. At the same time it is talking about tax increases, it's wasting money on a project most clearly think is wrong.”
Max wears a gorgeous gown by Francis Libiran
Published 7:39 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Actress Max Collins looked every bit a glowing bride on Monday, December 11 when they wed their GMA 7 fellow actor Pancho Magno at the Marriott Hotel.
For their wedding day, they turned to top designer Francis Libiran. On Instagram, Francis wrote: Max Collins is a lovely bride wearing a custom Francis Libiran wedding gown intricately embellished with custom embroidery and beadwork."
Immaculate Max Collins @maxcollinsofficial is a lovely bride wearing a custom Francis Libiran wedding gown intricately embellished with custom embroidery and beadwork. #IsaLangParaKayPancho #PanchoToTheMax #FrancisLibiran #Weddings #WeddingsPH #WeddingGown A post shared by Francis Libiran (@francislibiran) on Dec 11, 2017 at 1:51am PST
In another post, Francis said: "Max is wearing a custom #FrancisLibiran wedding gown intricately embellished with custom embroidery and beadwork."
Preparing our beautiful and radiant bride today, Max Collins @maxcollinsofficial before they walk down the aisle to wed @magnopancho. Max is wearing a custom #FrancisLibiran wedding gown intricately embellished with custom embroidery and beadwork. #IsaLangParaKayPancho #PanchoToTheMax #Weddings #WeddingsPH #WeddingGown A post shared by Francis Libiran (@francislibiran8) on Dec 11, 2017 at 1:44am PST
Max also wore a customized white pair from Shoepatos.
@shoepatosph: A pair of custom pointed flats made of imported white muga silk and accented with double bows for our Shoepatos Bride @maxcollinsofficial. Best wishes and congratulations to you and @magnopancho! #IsaSlashMax #IsaLangParaKayPancho ------------------------------- Shoepatos - A Walk To Forever ------------------------------- Order now! Viber: 09175367336 FB Page: ShoepatosPH Instagram: @ShoepatosPH ------------------------------- #Shoepatos #ShoepatosPH #AWalkToForever #ShoepatosBride #ShoepatosGroom #ShoepatosEntourage #WeddingsByShoepatos #BridalShoes #EntourageShoes #CustomMadeShoes #SouvenirShoes #WeddingSupplier #WeddingsPH #PhilippineWeddings #UniformShoes A post shared by Doreen Malbas (@doreenmalbas) on Dec 11, 2017 at 1:34am PST
Francis, who has dressed a number of local celebrities, is also known for their appearance in America's Next Top Model, where their designs were worn by the aspiring models. They also dressed Miss International 2016 Kylie Verzosa during the Miss International competition in Japan.
One of their creations was recently worn by Miss Universe 2015 Pia Wurtzbach at the Give Back: A Charity Fashion Gala, where the Miss Universe 2017 candidates led by reigning queen Demi-Leigh Nel Peters of South Africa took part. – Rappler.com
Multi-instrumentalist, producer and songwriter Seán Corcoran aka Outsider, has just released their latest single Míol Mór Mara
Which means ‘sea whales', or literally translates to ‘giant beasts of the sea'.
FIFA 18 have enlisted the track on their soundtrack of FIFA 18, which marks the first time EVER that the Irish language has been used in mainstream video gaming.
Sean says "the song is about a child with Down Syndrome I worked with when I was suffering from huge heartbreak, and it had a profound influence on my life. The kid was so inspiring and pulled me out of a dark place really just by spending time with him. It's got a lot of Biblical references to Jonah and the Whale, which is symbolic of diving into the sea of the unknown and becoming something far greater than yourself in a spiritual sense."
All profits from Miol Mor Mara will be donated to Down's Syndrome Ireland.
Check out Míol Mór Mara here..
TEDDY ROOSEVELT HUNTING FOR Their DIGNITY Do Not Mess With The Easter Bunny, Because They Will Wreck You
At every Washington Nationals home game, the Presidents Race pits Washington, Lincoln, Jefferson, Roosevelt, Taft and Coolidge against one another. Needless to say, Teddy R. got the worst of it on Easter Sunday.
Hundreds of courts skip governor's background check survey
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — More than 200 mostly mayor's courts across Ohio have failed to respond to the governor's executive order seeking more information on their history with the national background check database used in stopping gun-related crimes, records show.
Republican Gov. John Kasich sought the information in an April order as part of their broader bipartisan effort to improve Ohio's gun laws.
The directive asked courts to provide information on their use of the National Instant Criminal Background System, or NICS, and what barriers they've faced in adding information to the database.
Hundreds of courts — including 87 of 88 courts of common pleas and all but 12 of 164 municipal and county courts — provided the requested self-evaluation, according to survey results obtained by The Associated Press Tuesday through a public records request.
But 214 courts in 63 Ohio counties were listed as non-responsive. That included some courts, like Akron Municipal Court, that say they provided at least a partial response and a high number of mayor's courts, some of which may no longer be operational.
Ohio Supreme Court spokesperson Ed Miller cautioned that not responding to Kasich's survey is not the same as courts being non-compliant with NICS reporting requirements. They said the vast majority of courts-of-record across the state are properly inputting data into the background check system.
Karhlton Moore, executive director of the Ohio Office of Criminal Justice Services, said the administration was pleased overall with the level of response to the voluntary survey. They said results are being analyzed for a report due to Kasich on Aug. 1.
"The next step is reaching out to NICS submitters and try to make an assessment of the reasons why they're either not reporting or they are reporting but things that could make it easier to report," Moore said.
A working group convened by Kasich in response to recent deadly mass shootings has recommended a series of changes to Ohio gun laws, including provisions to force stricter compliance with deadlines and penalties around entering data into the background check system.
A bill containing those changes is stalled in the Legislature, which went on summer break last week.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Monday at the annual White House Easter Egg Roll, President Donald Trump warned North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un to “behave.”
When CNN's Jim Acosta asked the president if they had any message for North Korea and Kim Jong-un, Trump said, “Gotta behave.”
When Acosta asked if the situation in North Korea can be resolved peacefully Trump said, “Probably it can.”
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
Gaming Board Secretary sent home for the next five weeks…BP is reporting as the massacre against Bahamians continue!
Nassau, Bahamas – Living up to its commitment to fire more than 5,500 Bahamians the Minnis Regime fired and sent home packing more of its own supporters today. It's the People TIME!
BP sources deep in the Cabinet Room have now confirmed more workers at the Bahamas Agricultural and Industrial Corporation BAIC were sent home this morning. You would remember BAIC was at the center of the Witch-hunt that started just before the elections where staffers were arrested and detained overnight then released having committed no wrong.
Some 75% of the contract workers sent home supported the Minnis Government election and today they could not believe what was being delivered on dem!
When BP arrived to get commentary – as the WUTLESS MEDIA was avoiding the news – we were told by one person collecting their pink slip, “….this is what dey doing to Bahamians? Dey firing us and issuing more work permits? This is not da damn people time…and I have had enough!”
BP has also learned from news just coming in that that Gaming Board Executive Secretary Mr. Verdant R. Scott has been sent home on a five-week leave. He, we understand, be axed down as like a tree by the Minnis Regime, which has turned on Bahamians.
We report yinner decide!
LIBERTYVILLE, Ill. – Some wild moments on the field during a children's baseball game in Illinois.
Libertyville Firefighters tweeted a video of a dust devil whipping up, and said, “We had a slight tornado delay at the Libertyville Memorial Day Travel Baseball Tournament.”
The Washington Post reported that Mike Weaver, a lieutenant for the Libertyville Fire Department, is the one who posted the video. They were there on Saturday watching their son play ball when it happened. You hear them on the video saying, “tornado timeout.”
Weaver said the dust devil lasted just a couple of minutes and then was gone.
CTV Atlantic
A man has pleaded guilty to second-degree murder in the 2015 shooting death of a Cape Breton man.
Police were called to a residence in Reserve Mines, N.S. on June 25, 2015. Officers found 24-year-old Brandon Kelly suffering from gunshot wounds. They died at the scene.
Brandon James Berthiaume of Ben Eoin, N.S. was arrested in the Halifax area the next day and charged with first-degree murder in Kelly's death.
Berthiaume pleaded guilty to a lesser charge of second-degree murder on Monday.
They also pleaded guilty to the attempted murder of another man - Norman MacIntyre - in Reserve Mines the same day Kelly was shot and killed.
Berthiaume is set to be sentenced on Aug. 28.
U.S. coal miner Peabody Energy Corp said it had emerged from Chapter 11 protection and was expected to begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday under the ticker symbol BTU.
The largest U.S. coal producer filed for bankruptcy protection in April 2016, after a sharp drop in coal prices left it unable to service debt of $10.1 billion.
The company said it had reduced its debt by more than $5 billion since March 2016.
Peabody will focus on reducing debt, targeting high-return investments and returning cash to shareholders over time, Chief Executive Officer Glenn Kellow said.
(Reporting by Komal Khettry in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
THE Liberal Party faces a potential wipeout in Perth, with new polling suggesting Labor is within striking distance of winning a once-safe Liberal seat for the first time in more than a decade.
Internal Labor Party polling this month shows the ALP and the coalition neck-and-neck on a two-party preferred basis in the northern suburbs seat of Stirling — a swing to the Opposition of 6 per cent.
If that swing were replicated across the State, the Liberals would be reduced to just five of 16 seats in WA, with Cabinet ministers Michael Keenan, Christian Porter, Ken Wyatt and backbenchers Andrew Hastie and Steve Irons at risk.
The survey, by robo-call pollsters Community Engagement, quizzed 1735 voters in Stirling. It found 35.9 per cent of those surveyed would vote for the Liberals, a drop for Mr Keenan's primary vote on the last election of almost 15 percentage points.
The survey shows Labor's primary vote in Stirling up slightly at 33.5 per cent.
The polling shows 8 per cent of respondents in the seat were likely to vote for the Greens and 4.7 per cent would vote for One Nation.
Just over 7 per cent said they would vote for “another party” and 10.8 per cent of respondents is unsure who they would support.
Labor has increased its lead in the latest Newspoll but Bill Shorten still trails Malcolm Turnbull as preferred PM. The West Australian Labor has increased its lead in the latest Newspoll but Bill Shorten still trails Malcolm Turnbull as preferred PM.
Mr Keenan won Stirling at the 2004 election when John Howard was prime minister and held it in 2007 even as the rest of the country swung its support behind Kevin Rudd's Labor.
Before 2004, Stirling had been a swing seat, changing hands between the major parties. Labor has nomin-ated anti-asbestos campaigner Melita Markey in Stirling at the next Federal poll.
Liberal State director Sam Calabrese agreed the race in Stirling would be tight.
“Without giving undue credit to the poll in question, there is no doubt that the next Federal election will be close,” they said.
“There will be a very clear choice between Michael Keenan who has a strong track record of delivering for the people of Stirling and the Labor candidate who wants to increase taxes and weaken our borders.”
The survey comes as the WA Liberals face a backlash from grassroots members over the decision not to run a candidate in the Federal seat of Perth in a by-election in July.
Another WA Liberal seized on the poll as evidence the party was right not to field a candidate in Perth.
“We were definitely not going to get this mythical swing to us in Perth,” the Liberal said.
Amnesty International has been instructed to give back a donation it received from the billionaire George Soros.
However, the organisation has stated that they will not comply with the instruction.
Commentator John McGuirk and Colm O'Gorman, director of Amnesty International, joined us to discuss this.
Listen below:
Biometrics finds 5m DRC duplicate voters
A massive multi-biometric voter registration deduplication project for the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) has identified that more than 10% of the voter database was duplicated.
Neurotechnology, a provider of high-precision biometric identification technologies, worked with the Independent National Electoral Commission in the DRC to implement the system.
The MegaMatcher Automated Biometric Identification System (ABIS) solution based on the MegaMatcher Accelerator Extreme (MMA Extreme) matching engine was used to perform simultaneous deduplication of more than 46,5-million multibiometric facial and fingerprint voter records – an all-with-all comparison with a magnitude of 46,5-million x 46,5-million records.
The system completed the job in less than two months, using 11 servers for matching and identifying more than 5,3-million duplicates – more than 10% of the original voter database.
“In the voter registry cleaning process our goal is to find as many duplicates and other noncompliant cases as possible,” says Corneille Nangaa Yobeluo, president of Commission Électorale Nationale Indépendante. “Neurotechnology helped us achieve our goals and exceeded our expectations by starting and completing the deduplication process in record time, and they were able to identify millions of duplicates.”
For the DRC, more than 46,5-million voter records were collected with 10 fingerprints and a facial biometric for each record. MegaMatcher ABIS identified more than 5,3-million duplicate records.
Neurotechnology's age estimation algorithm was used to check each registered voter's photo, estimate age and flag potential noncompliant records for review. During this process more than 900 000 records were found as non-compliant according to voter age requirements. This will have a significant impact on the upcoming elections where DRC constituencies are represented in National and Provincial Assemblies based on their voter numbers.
The accuracy of the process was verified by nearly 300 human operators who manually reviewed and confirmed the duplicates and under-age records identified by the system.
“To create, deploy and use Automated Biometric Identification Systems at a small scale is relatively easy; complexity and major challenges appear with scale,” says Denis Kacan, MegaMatcher ABIS product manager for Neurotechnology. “With successful implementation of this project, our MegaMatcher ABIS and MegaMatcher Accelerator Extreme products proved to be suitable for large national scale deployments.”
VOL. 41 | NO. 40 | Friday, October 06, 2017
US Chamber of Commerce sounds alarm about a NAFTA pullout Print | Front Page | Email this story To:
From:
Message:
From (email):
Message:
WASHINGTON (AP) — America's biggest business group is warning the Trump administration that a withdrawal from the North American Free Trade Agreement would be a "political and economic debacle" that would cost hundreds of thousands of U.S. jobs.
Talking with reporters Friday, John Murphy, a senior official with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, said the chamber would work to rally support for the trade deal and against the administration's hardline demand for concessions from Canada and Mexico. The comments were unusually blunt for America's biggest business group.
The Trump administration, which has threatened to pull out of NAFTA if the three countries can't agree on far-reaching changes to favor American interests, quickly returned fire.
"The president has been clear that NAFTA has been a disaster for many Americans, and achieving their objectives requires substantial change," said Emily Davis, spokesperson for the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative. "These changes of course will be opposed by entrenched Washington lobbyists and trade associations. We have always understood that draining the swamp would be controversial in Washington."
The fourth round of talks to overhaul NAFTA, which was enacted 23 years ago, is scheduled for next week in Washington.
NAFTA erased most trade barriers along the United States, Canada and Mexico and led to an explosion in trade between the three countries. U.S. farm exports soared. U.S. manufacturers moved production — and jobs — south of the border to capitalize on lower Mexican wages. In doing so, they built complicated supply chains that crossed NAFTA borders.
Before the renegotiation began in August, many business and farm groups hoped the Trump administration would settle for tweaking rather than abandoning the trade deal — updating it, for example, to reflect the rise of e-commerce. But U.S. Trade Rep. Robert Lighthizer declared at the outset that the U.S. wouldn't be satisfied with minor changes.
Instead, the administration has been seeking to ensure that more auto production be made in America to receive NAFTA benefits, that more government contracts go to U.S. companies and that NAFTA expire unless the countries agreed every few years to extend it. It also wants to scrap a dispute-resolution process favored by Canada.
Murphy, the chamber's senior vice president for international policy, said that businesses "broadly and emphatically" oppose the proposals.
"We are increasingly concerned about the state of play," they said.
The first three rounds of talks dealt mostly issues that weren't in dispute. But Round 4 is expected to move into tougher territory.
"They've worked through things that were mostly agreed upon," said David Salmonsen, senior director of congressional relations at the American Farm Bureau Federation, trade group for U.S. agriculture. "Now we're getting to the contentious issues."
Robert Zoellick, a former U.S. trade rep, this week told a conference at the Atlantic Council in Washington that they thought Trump might turn to brinkmanship over NAFTA to distract attention from other problems.
"There's a very serious risk, depending on what happens with Trump's popularity and the investigations, that at some point he'll withdraw from the agreement."
The president had vilified NAFTA on the campaign trail as a job-killing disaster, especially for U.S. factory workers who, Trump argued, had been the victims of U.S. companies moving jobs to Mexico. Trump threatened to pull out of pact in April before talks even started but reversed themselves after pushback from American businesses, especially farm groups.
If the United States left NAFTA, trade barriers to Canada and Mexico would pop back up. Some of the tariffs would not be especially high. But Mexican tariffs on many American farm products could soar.
Lori Wallach, a NAFTA critic who is director of Public Citizen's Global Trade Watch, said business groups have been slow to realize that Trump was serious about leaving NAFTA if they couldn't negotiate a more favorable deal for American workers.
"They are going to have to decide, after they get done hyperventilating, whether they want something or nothing," Wallach said. "The status quo is not one of the choices."
Cape Times - The sexual abuse of a nine-month-old infant girl has come to light in Child Protection Week, and police are now searching for their mother.
The child's aunt said they discovered injuries to the baby's genitals after the mother had left them in their father's care (names are being withheld to protect the child).
They told the Cape Times their daughter had been brought to them by the mother while they were at work on a Sunday afternoon, April 29.
“I received a call from them that they were going to bring my daughter to me because they wanted to go out with their boyfriend. I told them I was at work at the time and would be unable to take care of the child at work.
“But a few hours later they pitched up at my workplace with my daughter. They left my baby with me with not a stitch of clothing or any nappies. They just gave the clinic card and then left,” they said.
They alerted their sister to assist them in taking care of the child.
“She asked if I had noticed anything wrong with my baby's genital areas, and I told them I hadn't noticed anything. They told me that something was wrong and we immediately reported it to the police.”
At Cape Town Central police station an officer from the Family Violence, Child Protection and Sexual Offences Unit (FCS) had the baby examined by a nurse and it was recorded that the infant had old, healed bruises on their genitals.
“I was very angry and did not know what to think. I have questions daily about where the mother had left my daughter,” they said.
The aunt said they were assisting the police to locate the mother in the hope of having a perpetrator arrested.
“Her phone has been off ever since they left the baby with my brother and all we know is that they last lived in Delft,” they said.
Police spokesperson FC van Wyk said the matter is under investigation at the Cape Town FCS Unit.
“A criminal case docket will be registered and transferred to Delft police. Old, healed bruises (of more than a month) were recorded on the victim. It is suspected that the child was neglected while in the care of the mother. We are in the process of tracing the mother,” Van Wyk said.
Women and child protection organisation Ilitha Labantu spokesperson Siyabulela Monakali said: “It is unfortunate that in crime- and poverty-riddled areas (such as Delft) children suffer the most. We still have a long way to go to protect our women and children.
“But we cannot excuse the mother's actions because of poverty or crime. A nine-month-old baby cannot protect themselves and more needs to be done to eradicate these type of issues so that perpetrators will think twice before they attack our women and children.
“As a nation every year during Child Protection Week and the 16 Days of Activism for No Violence Against Women and Children campaign we denounce acts such as these, but it repeats itself and is becoming somewhat normalised. Something is not working and we need to approach this differently,” they said.
One in three children under 18 globally experience violence, physically and sexually, mostly in places where they should feel the safest, including in their homes, schools and local communities, mainly perpetrated by persons closest to them, according to the UN Children's Fund.
* Anyone with information about the whereabouts of the mother can contact the police anonymously on Crime Stop 08600 10111 or SMS Crime Line 32211.
[email protected]
Cape Times
VOL. 41 | NO. 49 | Friday, December 08, 2017
JOHNSON CITY (AP) — A Tennessee researcher is hoping visitors to a park will help them gather data for what they call a "citizen science project."
East Tennessee State University researcher Ingrid Luffman wants people who are walking through Johnson City's Founders Park to stop at the bridge across Brush Creek, read the water level on a staff gauge and text the findings to them The university said the gauge looks like a giant ruler extending from the water up the side of the bridge abutment.
The water depth data will be downloaded into a database program and converted into a spreadsheet to be analyzed with precipitation and other weather-related data.
Luffman says the purpose is to see how Brush Creek responds to rainfall events and to educate people about the creek's ecology.
Dak Prescott threw three touchdown passes and the Dallas Cowboys beat New York 30-10 to spoil Steve Spagnuolo's debut as interim coach and the return of quarterback Eli Manning to the Giants' starting lineup.
More >>
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
COPE, Colo. — A farmer feels grateful to be alive after they were forced to lay in a ditch when they found themselves surrounded by three tornadoes Monday.
Aaron Brown told KDVR they were out finishing work in their field near Cope, on the eastern plains of Colorado, when they saw the weather around them take a turn.
“The storm was coming up pretty quick,” said Brown.
“It was pretty intense.” This farmer says they were surrounded by tornados yesterday when their truck got stuck in the sand. They and three other people hid in a ditch as they watched tornados touch down around him. They spotted three total — two are in this video they shared with us. #KDVR pic.twitter.com/oxtRD337to — Emily Allen FOX31 (@EmilyAReports) May 29, 2018
Brown and three others tried to drive to safety, but their truck was stuck in the sand in the field. They watched as a tornado touched down in front of him. They turned around to see two more tornadoes on the other side of their truck. The group of four ran to a dry river bank because it was the lowest and safest place they could get to.
“It was pretty intense. I was pretty scared,” said Brown.
Eventually, the threat passed, and Brown and their crew walked away unscathed.
“God is good. That's all I can say. We were very lucky and blessed,” said Brown.
In Cope, the Hill's garage was destroyed during the severe storm. The Hill family was in Greeley when it hit and they found out the extent of the damage when a neighbor called to alert them that their garage was pressed against their house.
“We are cleaning up, hoping to rebuild. See what the insurance says and go from there,” said Linda Hill.
On Monday, they spent the day cleaning up and sorting through the debris.
“Very overwhelming,” said Linda Hill.
The National Weather Service said there were 14 tornadoes reported between 5 p.m. and 6:30 p.m. in Colorado. The experts were working to confirm the actual number of tornadoes that formed during the severe weather outbreak.
DENVER, Colo. - In the battle against metastatic prostate cancer, the removal of lymph node metastases using image-guided surgery may have a high clinical impact on outcomes. Researchers at the 2017 Annual Meeting of the Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging (SNMMI) demonstrated preclinically that dual-labeled PSMA-inhibitors based on PSMA-11 enhance preoperative staging, using PET/CT followed by fluorescence-guided surgery. The combined approach results in more accurate detection of PSMA-positive tumor lesions.
Each year, SNMMI chooses an image that exemplifies the most promising advances in the field of nuclear medicine and molecular imaging. The state-of-the-art technologies captured in these images demonstrate the capacity to improve patient care by detecting disease, aiding diagnosis, improving clinical confidence and providing a means of selecting appropriate treatments. This year, the SNMMI Image of the Year was chosen from more than 2,000 abstracts submitted to the meeting and voted on by reviewers and the society leadership.
The 2017 Image of the Year goes to a team of researchers from the German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ) and University Hospital in Heidelberg. The image clearly demonstrates how combining the advantages of 68Ga-PSMA PET and intraoperative gamma and fluorescence imaging results in better tumor identification before and during surgery.
"We are deeply honored to receive this award, and I would like to thank all team members who contributed to this interdisciplinary work," said Ann-Christin Baranski. "As resection of lymph node metastases has considerable impact on the outcome of metastatic prostate cancer patients, the aim of our study is to improve the intraoperative accuracy of detecting PSMA-positive tumor lesions."
"There has been a huge effort to improve care of prostate cancer patients using molecular imaging," stated Satoshi Minoshima, MD, PhD, chair of the SNMMI Scientific Program Committee and SNMMI vice president-elect. "The study presented by Ann-Christin Baranski clearly demonstrates that the combined PET imaging, gamma detection, and optical imaging can help not only pre-operative staging of the disease but also intra-operative guidance of metastatic lymph node dissection. We anticipate that such hybrid cancer detection methods will become prevalent in the near future and contribute significantly to the care and management of prostate cancer patients."
###
This study was supported by the VIP+ fund, Federal Ministry of Education & Research (BMBF), Germany.
Scientific Paper 531: "Preclinical evaluation of dual-labeled PSMA-inhibitors for the diagnosis and therapy of prostate cancer." A. Baranski, M. Schäfer, U. Bauder-Wüst, M. Roscher, J. Schmidt, E. Stenau, L. Maier-Hein, M. Eder, K. Kopka, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), Heidelberg, Germany; T. Simpfendörfer, B. Hadaschik, U. Haberkorn, University Hospital, Heidelberg, Germany. Presented at SNMMI's 64th Annual Meeting, June 10-14, 2017, Denver, Colo.
LINK TO ABSTRACT
Please visit the SNMMI Media Center for more information about molecular imaging and personalized medicine. To schedule an interview with the researchers, please contact Laurie Callahan at (703) 652-6773 or lcallahan@snmmi.org. Current and past issues of The Journal of Nuclear Medicine can be found online at http://jnm. snmjournals. org .
About the Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging
The Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging (SNMMI) is an international scientific and medical organization dedicated to raising public awareness about nuclear medicine and molecular imaging, a vital element of today's medical practice that adds an additional dimension to diagnosis, changing the way common and devastating diseases are understood and treated and helping provide patients with the best health care possible.
MADRID — Girona avoided conceding late this time, holding on to beat Catalan rival Espanyol 1-0 in the Spanish league on Monday.
After allowing injury-time goals in its last two league matches, Girona closed out the game at Espanyol to halt a four-game winless streak in all competitions.
David Timor scored in the first top-flight meeting between the Catalan clubs just before halftime at RCDE Stadium in Barcelona, moving Girona to ninth place.
It was the fourth loss in five league matches for Espanyol, which dropped to 16th in the 20-team standings, near the relegation zone.
Mistletoe (Photo: Nate Beeler)
Social Security increase switcheroo
I received the annual notice from Social Security today touting an increase of 2 percent "because of a rise in the cost of living." In my case that equals $22.
Then just down from the line that reads "How much will I get and when," they simply state, "We deducted $130 for Medicare," which causes a net benefit the same as in 2017. The increase in Medicare mystically equals the "raise" of $22.
Using my grandchildren's new math by first drawing some boxes on a small piece of paper, I computed that the increase for Medicare from $108 to $130 equals 17 percent. Is Medicare or any health plan not considered "a cost of living?” There must be a line in the Social Security law that requires any raise given for inflation must be recouped by Medicare as this scenario has been repeated many times.
It might be a good idea for the Naples Daily News to give your employees a raise and offset it with a like dollar raise in their employee subscriptions for the paper. If you did this, I think your employee parking lot would be mostly empty on the next working day.
Jim Vickaryous Naples
Understanding sexes needed
Garrison Keillor? Really?
I was dismayed to read that Garrison's shows in Southwest Florida have all been canceled after allegations that they inappropriately touched a woman's back. I agree that they were wrong to do so. But canceling all their shows? Isn't that overkill?
In our current cultural upheaval, allegations of abuse lead to immediate firing, cancellation, dismissal, disgrace. But Garrison's slip, creepy and wrong though it was, does not compare to Harvey Weinstein's parade of horrors. The community is trying to cleanse itself, but it's using a high-powered pressure washer every time, not always the most appropriate response.
In no way do I intend to minimize or excuse sexual harassment or abuse. I rejoice that women are finally shining a bright light on their perpetrators. But I hope that summarily firing people will not be the sum total of the culture's response.
Clearly, half of the population experiences life in ways that I, as a woman, don't really understand. What is it like to live in a male body, to have a male mind? Women and men need to understand each other better. Men need to learn how to manage their maleness so it doesn't turn abusive.
That's a tall order, but the alternative is just more pressure washing.
Melanie Jemma Chadwick, Naples
Enjoy Christmas display, donate to charities
For decades, Victoria Park has been amazing Collier County residents and visitors with its dazzling light displays during the Christmas season. And this year's version promises to be among the most spectacular ever.
Virtually every home will be decorated, with homeowners cooperating with neighbors to produce street-by-street thematic displays. And once again, the community will use the occasion to help raise funds for worthy charities. Residents will accept donations for Lighthouse of Collier on Dec. 14-17.
Dec. 21-24, volunteers will be accepting donations for the American Cancer Society.
One of the residents helping to organize the event emphasizes that contributions are strictly voluntary and should not be considered an admission charge. They said that they are very proud of the holiday displays and encourage as many people as possible to enjoy them. Homeowners begin the process of decorating their homes right after Thanksgiving, culminating in a massive display on Christmas Eve, when all the streets in the community are lined with luminaria.
Victoria Park is located on the west side of Airport-Pulling Road, approximately a quarter-mile south of Immokalee Road.
Barb Senkevich, Naples
Give to those still in need
For the snowbirds who are just arriving in Naples, I say welcome back to this beautiful place.
The funny thing is, it wasn't very beautiful not too long ago. I'm sure that thanks to the tremendous efforts of cleanup crews, first responders, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, Collier County employees, volunteers, etc., some people may be arriving saying, “What hurricane?"
I was able to come down in early October for a weekend and see for myself some of the mess that Hurricane Irma left. At that point, lots had already been cleaned up. Coming back just a few weeks ago for the season, it's amazing how great this place looks.
Naples only looks a bit bruised as I drive around town, but I would remind people that there are still some very severe cuts and open wounds in our neighborhoods. Many are homeless, with properties and necessities destroyed and no insurance to help ease the pain.
For the most part, we dodged a big bullet, but please don't forget to try to donate food, clothing, furniture, etc., to our neighbors who still desperately need a hand. Reach out to organizations that are helping, like churches, businesses and local nonprofits. I am also asking the Naples Daily News to consider publishing places and organizations on a regular basis that are accepting donations.
I know some lament the return of us snowbirds, but there are thousands of us arriving who love this community and want to see it, and all its residents, continue to thrive. 'Tis the season.
Janet Demetri, Cape Cod, Mass., and Naples
Good service at post office
There are love and goodwill in Naples.
Thank you for the gentleman who helped me carry packages from my trunk into the Golden Gate post office (at Collier Boulevard and Golden Gate Parkway) on Dec. 4 around 2:30 pm. They put my packages in line to save my place and when I came in with more packages they said, “Here are your packages.”
They went about their business, which did not need them to be in line.
After thanking him, I said to myself, “I need to play this forward.” Then when it was my turn to be attended to by the Postal Service employee, another gentleman stepped forward and put all of my packages on the counter. After thanking him, I said to myself, “I need to pay this forward for a second time in one afternoon."
There are love and goodwill in the air in Naples. What wonderful workers we have at the Golden Gate post office. I said, “We need to ring a bell every time we receive good service.” The Golden Gate post office would sound like a church if we did. The employees are awesome. Thank you.
Carolyn Gaccetta, Naples
Trump a Putin wannabe
Why does President Donald Trump cozy up to Russian President Vladimir Putin? Because they want to be Putin. Trump meets one-on-one with Putin as often as optics allow getting tips and tricks on turning America into the Russian-style dictatorship Trump so admires.
Our president follows Putin's playbook to the letter, including:
+ Undermining the public's belief in the freedom and credibility of the press. Use social media to target angry Americans, especially those still seething over eight years of a black man's presidency.
+ Surrounding yourself with a bunker of military generals and make constant threats of war. Military force comes in handy and fear pumps up public support for military spending and more assault weapons in citizens' hands.
+ Tearing down the federal government. Fill your Cabinet with the likes of Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt and Department of Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, whose agendas are antithetical to their agencies' missions and who stand to gain most from privatization.
+ Abandoning America's role as a world leader in democratic, environmental and humanitarian values. Gut the State Department of career diplomats. Withdraw from the Paris climate agreement. Let Americans in Puerto Rico suffer.
+ Convincing enough people that you alone can solve their problems. If you don't tell the truth often enough, you can get people living paycheck to believe a billionaire has their best interests at heart.
Trump talks to Americans like a dog: “Very, very bad,” precisely the state of our democracy today. To the 1 percenters: Are you truly so heartless and greedy that you're willing to go along with ransoming our democracy to the highest bidder?
Bev LaLonde, Bonita Springs
Will never vote Republican
The tax bills that passed the House and Senate are monstrosities that sell out the American middle class and poor to line the pockets of corporations and the very wealthy. Then the GOP renews its support for accused pedophile Roy Moore to ensure final passage of the tax bill.
Have they no decency or shame? Apparently not. I am more convinced than ever that the GOP members of Congress are weak-willed, despicable people.
Rest assured that my family will never vote for another Republican. We aren't rich like Betsy DeVos, but when enough people like us are angry and fed up, the GOP will lose "bigly." I can't wait for 2018.
Jennifer Boddicker, Naples
Stick to local reporting
After reading Brett Batten's column in the Dec. 5 paper, I strongly suggest they stick to local reporting, rather than on political reporting, as they come across as a far-right-winger.
Unless he's eavesdropping on special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation, how can they try to exonerate Gen. Mike Flynn and President Donald Trump? How prescient does Batten think they are? They even managed to take a whack at Hillary Clinton, presumably to burnish their right-wing credentials.
Enough already. Just report on when the next Wawa is opening. You get that reporting right at least half the time.
Bill McMaster, Naples
Save a life, adopt a pet
Ever wonder how you could save a life this Christmas? It just might be a lot easier than you can imagine.
You don't have much money, so you ponder, what can I give my children or loved one that they would cherish for years to come? Well, my Naples and Marco Island friends, Santa has an answer for you this Christmas. Give a gift of total love and devotion from one who wishes nothing more in life than to be loved in return. They are here in Naples my friends, they sit in their cages at the shelter waiting, waiting for something to happen.
What will it be this Christmas? A new home or, please God, not the life-ending injection.
Please, good people, go to the animal shelters and save a life. You will never, ever regret it. As the saying goes, "Only God made a dog." And kindly, let's not forget that the shelters also can provide you with the gift of a cuddly feline, who will delight all in their new home for years to come.
Make the shelter visit, make this a lifesaving Christmas.
Irvin Buxell, Naples
FEMA ridiculously amazing
Isn't it amazing that the Federal Emergency Management Agency says it can't get to some people to assess their need, yet someone was there taking pictures for the paper?
Isn't it amazing that there are some so devastated they are living in their car, but FEMA says they lost out on aid because they couldn't be notified on time? Yet FEMA certainly had no problem finding them to tell them they were no longer eligible.
I'm sure there are many other incidents just as ridiculous, but you get my point.
Someone reminds me what FEMA's job is again.
Pat Hedrich, Naples
Righteous wisdom
Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa has preached financial advice from their prairie pulpit, advising American men to beware of three dangerous Sirens: women, booze and movies. The first two are hot-wired into the male psyche and are virtually irresistible, especially if presented in tandem.
The third culprit, movies, however, presents some opportunity. According to preacher Grassley, if men stop going to the movies they will go a long way towards solving their financial woes.
Words of wisdom from the righteous.
Frank G. Crotty, Naples
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/opinion/readers/2017/12/11/letters-editor-tuesday-dec-12-2017/934679001/
President Donald Trump‘s days of ordering a 2,530-calorie McDonald's meal are over — at least for now.
According to a new CNN report, the leader who stands on the precipice of clinical obesity is quietly making small changes to their diet, and acknowledging in private that they need to lose weight. Exercise, however, reportedly remains less of a priority for the 71-year-old — even as they take part in Wednesday's White House Sports and Fitness Day.
“Some people exercise, some people don't,” Dr. Ronny Jackson, the White House physician, said in January while announcing the results of Trump's physical. “Some people just haven't done that as part of their routine. And I would say that's the category they fall in right now.”
But CNN reports that the president is making noticeable changes to their eating habits, with Dover sole (his favorite) often being substituted for steak, and buns from their beloved hamburgers being removed — at least the top halves. Dietitians have also reportedly been working with the White House kitchen on ideas for healthier eating.
Trump reportedly agreed in January to try and lose 10 to 15 pounds, per Jackson's recommendations, after the 6-ft. 3-in. president weighed in at 239 lbs. (According to multiple reports, those stats put their body mass index at 29.9, just a tenth of a point shy of clinical obesity.)
Sources close to the president told CNN they have noticed small changes in the president's diet — even as they made a point during the campaign to show themselves eating fast food, including KFC, as a way to connect with their base.
Great afternoon in Ohio & a great evening in Pennsylvania – departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia! pic.twitter.com/jQTQYBFpdb — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 2, 2016
Former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski wrote in their book released last year, Let Trump Be Trump, that then-candidate Trump once satisfied their fast food craving on the campaign trail with an order that included “two Big Macs, two Fillet-O-Fish, and a chocolate malted” — a meal that clocks in at a whopping 2,530 calories, with 114g fat and 3,530 mg of sodium.
Trump underwent a complete physical in January, and afterwards Jackson revealed that Trump is “currently very healthy,” but “would benefit from a diet that is lower in fat and carbohydrates, and from a routine exercise regimen.” The physician also said Trump's cholesterol is slightly elevated, but he's taking Crestor to combat that, and otherwise “his cardiac health is excellent.”
RELATED VIDEO: PEOPLE Writer Natasha Stoynoff Breaks Silence, Accuses Donald Trump of Sexual Attack
CNN reports that there remains little sign that Trump has amped up their exercise regimen, noting that they typically use golf carts while hitting the links. The outlet also reported that Trump themselves has downplayed the importance of exercise, even wondering out loud whether it carries more risk than benefit.
First daughter Ivanka Trump, who is taking part in Wednesday's White House fitness event, also dodged a question about their father's fitness regimen with reporters on Tuesday. When the question was posed to them during a pre-arranged conference call, they did not answer — and an aide explained that she'd left for another meeting.
Trump themselves defended their exercise regimen in January, rebutting Jackson's claims that he's too sedentary.
“I get exercise. I mean I walk, I this, I that,” Trump told Reuters in an Oval Office interview. “I run over to a building next door. I get more exercise than people think.”
KIDS are using phones at school to photograph classmates in change rooms, watch pornography and send suicide taunts.
Federal Education Minister Simon Birmingham yesterday called on schools to ban smartphone use.
“There's almost no reason students shouldn't have their phones switched off and in their lockers while they're at school,'' they told The Sunday Telegraph.
“Although learning to work with technology is essential, phones can be a distraction from lessons and a platform for bullying unless schools have the right policies in place.''​
The Sunday Telegraph can today reveal a spate of sickening cyber cruelty among students, who are foiling school wi-fi filters by using the cellular data on their phones.
Camera Icon Children are using smartphones to send suicide taunts. Picture: News Corp Australia, Sarah Matray
The recent suicide of 14-year-old schoolgirl Amy “Dolly” Everett, the face of Akubra, after cyber-bullying has failed to stop the hateful messages spread by cowardly teenagers on social media.
One girl was sent a message on Instagram last week stating: “Why don't you do what Dolly did, we'd be better off without you.''
Children have even started using the acronym “KYS” — short for “kill yourself'', and sending links to suicide websites.
“Cyber cop'' Susan McLean yesterday demanded a ban on phones in schools, warning that schools risk being sued by the parents of cyber-bullying victims over messages sent in school hours.
Ms McLean — who advises the federal government as a member of its Cyber Safety Working Group — said they were being flooded with requests from schools, parents and legal firms about the legality of phones in schools across Australia.
“I am seeing the most violent, vulgar, horrible comments you can imagine,'' they told The Sunday Telegraph.
​
“Since Dolly Everett died, I've been inundated with parents wanting help because the messages their daughters are getting are, ‘Why don't you do what Dolly did?'
“Lots of kids are being told to kill themselves, and sent links to suicide websites.''
Ms McLean said students were being shown pornography and bestiality at school, on smart phones.
In one case, boys were watching porn on the school bus on their way to sport.
“I have kids being photographed in change rooms during sport,'' they said.
“There should be no personal devices used during the school day — it has to be against the school rules.''
Ms McLean said they were assisting a Tasmanian school where students had used school wi-fi to download an app and watch pornography on ipads during science classes.
“Schools risk being sued by parents over their failure to provide a safe place for students, both online and offline,'' they said.
“Duty of care is a legal tenet applicable to every school in Australia.''
​Senator Birmingham said that “those running school systems need to lead from the front with firm policies that ensure the problem isn't just left to hardworking teachers and principals''.
“Access to phones can be a difficult issue for schools, as it is for parents, which is why clear policies and support to keep distractions out of the classroom are essential,'' they said. ​
Federal eSafety Commissioner Julie Inman Grant said schools must have “robust policies and procedures in place around technology use''.
Child psychologist Michael Carr-Gregg — who sits on the federal government's internet safety working group — said smartphones must be banned in primary schools.
They said young children needing phones for “security purposes'' should only be given “dumb phones'' without internet access.
PORTLAND, Ore. — Jaelene Hinkle revealed they decided not to play for the U.S. women's national team last year because their Christian faith prevented them from wearing a jersey that commemorated LGBTQ Pride Month.
Hinkle revealed the reason for their decision last June in an interview posted Wednesday on The 700 Club website. No formal reason for their absence was given by the national team at the time.
"I just felt so convicted in my spirit that it wasn't my job to wear this jersey," they said.
Hinkle has not been called up to the national team since.
A defender, Hinkle plays for the North Carolina Courage of the National Women's Soccer League. The Courage visited the Portland Thorns on Wednesday night, and there were boos heard when they were announced in the starting lineup. Some waved rainbow Pride flags.
Hinkle did not comment after the match.
"She is high on their faith, and in my honest option that's absolutely incredible," teammate Jessica McDonald said. "If she's for God, then that's fine, that's great if that's what keeps them going in their life and keeps positivity in their life, then let that be."
Courage coach Paul Riley said they heard the boos and echoed McDonald's sentiment.
"She's got a good heart, and they battled through the game. It's not an easy thing for her," Riley said. "I give them a lot of credit to be perfectly honest. Whatever their beliefs are, whatever they believe in, that's them It doesn't affect the team. It doesn't seem to affect anybody on the team."
The Courage, who rank atop the NWSL standings, beat the Thorns 4-1.
April 6 Zhaopin Ltd:
* Zhaopin enters into definitive merger agreement
* Zhaopin Ltd - holders of shares and ADSS as of immediately prior to effective time will be entitled to receive a cash special dividend
* Zhaopin Ltd - if completed, merger will result in company becoming a privately-held company and ADSS will no longer be listed on NYSE
* Zhaopin Ltd - special dividend will be a minimum US$0.28 and maximum US$1.35 per share which will be paid to shareholders and ads holders
* Zhaopin- buyer group intends to fund deal through cash contributions from affiliates of members of buyer group and cash in company, its subsidiaries
* Zhaopin Ltd -buyer group to acquire co for US$9.10 per ordinary share of co and US$18.20 per American depositary share of co, each representing two shares Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get their appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get their appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows their actions went beyond dubious doctoring.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows theirs actions...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
A pathway flanked by six stones meant to symbolize strength and determination will be added to the Sept. 11 memorial site in lower Manhattan to honor the rescue and recovery workers who toiled for months at ground zero.
A pathway flanked by six stones meant to symbolize strength and determination will be added to the Sept. 11 memorial site in lower Manhattan to honor the rescue and recovery workers who toiled for months at ground...
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with their son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with their son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
Republican Gov. Greg Abbott has dozens of recommendations to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school.
Republican Gov. Greg Abbott has dozens of recommendations to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school.
In New York, a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets.
In New York, a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets.
Authorities have charged the son of an Austin-area jeweler and the teen's girlfriend with hiring someone to kill their father, who was gunned down in March during a home break-in.
Authorities have charged the son of an Austin-area jeweler and the teen's girlfriend with hiring someone to kill their father, who was gunned down in March during a home break-in.
(Travis County Jail via AP). This photo provided by the Travis County Jail in Austin, Texas, shows Nicolas Patrick Shaughnessy, who was arrested Tuesday, May 29, 2018, with a second person on allegations that they conspired to hire a gunman to kill Sha...
(Travis County Jail via AP). This photo provided by the Travis County Jail in Austin, Texas, shows Nicolas Patrick Shaughnessy, who was arrested Tuesday, May 29, 2018, with a second person on allegations that they conspired to hire a gunman to kill Sha...
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to their arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to their arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, their mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, their mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
By JAMIE STENGLE
Associated Press
DALLAS (AP) - Texas Gov. Greg Abbott on Wednesday recommended dozens of strategies to make schools safer in the wake of the deadly shooting at a Houston-area high school, including increasing the presence of law enforcement officers at schools.
The Republican and staunch gun-rights supporter released a 43-page report that also included suggesting more mental health screening for students. A handful of the recommendations involved gun safety in Texas, a state that embraces its gun-friendly reputation and has more than 1.2 million people licensed to carry handguns.
Abbott said funding for some of the recommendations will be aided by federal grants, though others require state lawmakers to weigh in.
"We all share a common bond: And that is we want action to prevent another shooting like what happened at Santa Fe High School," Abbott, who is campaigning for re-election, said during a news conference at Dallas school district headquarters.
The report comes a day after students returned to Santa Fe High School for the first time since the May 18 shooting that killed eight students and two substitute teachers, and critically wounded a police officer.
The recommendations were made following three days of mostly closed-door meetings that Abbott quickly organized last week with school districts, shooting survivors and groups on both sides of the gun-control debate, among others.
So far, the governor has ignored calls from a handful of lawmakers from both parties to call the Legislature into special session to address gun laws - a sharp contrast to the response in Florida following the February high school shooting there that killed 17 people. Florida lawmakers, who were already in session, passed a gun-control package three weeks later, thanks in part to a lobbying campaign led by student survivors of the attack.
Texas lawmakers aren't scheduled to meet until January 2019. And unlike the students in Florida, several students at Santa Fe High School have been vocal opponents of increased gun control, including some who were invited to meet with Abbott last week.
Students who had classes in the area of the shooting were the first allowed back into the school Tuesday, followed by the rest about two hours later. All students then gathered for a two-hour assembly honoring the victims, and counselors were available.
Abbott visited the campus Tuesday, privately speaking with students, parents, teachers and staff, and presented first responders with an award for their actions.
Authorities have charged a 17-year-old student, Dimitrios Pagourtzis, with capital murder in the attack. He's accused of using a shotgun and pistol that belonged to their father. He's jailed without bond.
The family of one of the students killed in the attack has filed a lawsuit against Pagourtzis' parents.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Steve Dickson will stay on as One Nation's Queensland leader despite losing their seat at the election.
Mr Dickson released a statement on Tuesday confirming their role would include supporting the party's sole elected MP, Stephen Andrew, and preparing for the next poll.
"One Nation's vote is up 1539 per cent since the last Queensland election, which has gone from 24,111 votes to a staggering 371,193," they said.
"We want to assure residents that One Nation will remain an active force in Queensland politics."
Senator Pauline Hanson said the former Member for Buderim was a "valuable asset" to One Nation.
"I'm pleased that Steve has accepted my offer to remain the party's Queensland leader," they said in the statement.
Mr Dickson defected from the LNP to One Nation earlier this year but was booted from parliament by their electorate at the November 25 poll.
By: McKenna Graham, Assistant Arts & Life Editor
A night meant for the celebration of diversity and culture, Towson's second annual CultureCon kicked off in the Potomac Lounge with music, lemonade, free T-shirts and student performances from groups like Lambda Theta Alpha and Pasión.
“[It] was sparked by us trying to find a way to meet the objectives of the core values that our Department of Housing and Residence Life has,” Residence Life coordinator and CultureCon planning committee member Antoinette Newsome said. “CultureCon was a way to really allow students and departments and many people on campus to display what culture means to them, in whatever way they define it.”
The Chinese American Student Union, Foreign Language Department, American Sign Language Club and the Latin American Student Organization were among groups tabling around the room, encouraging people to engage with them between performances.
“Each table has a takeaway so that people can really learn about the culture that the organization is defining,” Newsome said. When asked what culture meant to her, they said, “I think culture really allows you to gain a deeper sense of knowledge based on your ethnicity, or gender, or another type of identity. It really allows you to kind of dive in and dig deep and be active in learning about what that means… It's really awesome to see them bring what's important to them to life through performances.”
Despite audio issues, performers like Priscila Wendt and the TREND Models were undeterred.
“It affected us on the inside but we couldn't show it because we understand performing,” first-year student model and EMF major Brianna Davis said.
After watching the footage of their club's performance, sophomore and president of TREND Models Javon Wright was reassured. “We did have some music issues, but everybody kept going, and that's the big thing,” Wright said. “If someone messes up or you make a mistake, just keep going and push through everything. That's what they did today, and I'm so proud of them.”
TREND Models wore six-, seven- and even eight-inch heels for their performance — prompting first-year student mass communication major Lindsey Tait to plead for them to “Please step on me.”
The other modeling group to perform, Modelz of Distinction, wrapped up the night with a fierce performance that had members of the audience cheering and applauding. Jacqueline Ingutia, a sophomore criminal justice major, admitted that they were their favorite performance, but they enjoyed it all.
“Music is music everywhere you go,” they said. “Music still has a beat, and you can still enjoy it even if you don't know it.”
Them friend, sophomore nursing student Ashata Gamanga agreed, saying, “Towson has very, very, very talented students.”
Sunday April 2, saw the opening of Lough Rowan trout season for 2017. You may recall, it was the first day this year the Sun decided to let us all know that it hadn't entirely forgotten us. It wasn't long after dawn when the first car towing a boat cut through the morning mist on the road to the lake.
It was the first of over 20 boats that took to the water on the opening day to try their hand at landing one or two of Rowan's hard fighting rainbow trout. The shoreline was equally busy with wading anglers dotted every couple of hundred yards from the pump house down to the turn off for McGaherns.
Conditions could not have been better with the added benefit of an intermittent south westerly wind which produced a decent wave between the flat calms, resulting in many anglers getting the opportunity to chance both wet and dry flies over the course of the day. Productive flies (Wet) on the day were Green Humongous, Orange Blob, Red Arsed Green Peter and (Dry) Gold Head Daddy, F-Fly, Grey Duster and Bradshaws Orange Grouse.
Day Tickets and membership available, please contact Paul Beck on 087 6254740 or visit the club website at www.rinnshannon.com for a list of local retail outlets where you can purchase your permit.
Scientific Eel Fisheries: At an information day hosted by Inland Fisheries Ireland in Athlone on March 23, local eel fishermen were celebrated for their engagement in the Scientific Eel Fisheries programme, currently untaken by Inland Fisheries Ireland. The fishermen, who are involved in the Scientific Eel Fisheries in different parts of the country, attended the event, which aimed to provide an update on the progress made through the Scientific Eel Fisheries and to recognise the contribution of the fishermen to date.
The project (a network of scientific fisheries for eel around Ireland) covers the different life stages (elver, yellow and silver eel) and is distributed in key catchments around Ireland.
The purpose of the fisheries is to increase the knowledge around eels in Ireland ahead of the next EU review of this endangered species and to inform the management of eel populations which are currently in decline.
In total, there are 11 fishermen involved in the initiative with many experienced in fishing for eels over several years. Since last year, they have provided support to Inland Fisheries Ireland by helping to fish for eel in a conservation focused manner with a view to gathering necessary data which will help protect the species into the future.
Their local expertise and historical knowledge around eels in their local area has given invaluable support to Inland Fisheries Ireland during the set up and delivery of the Scientific Eel Fishery.
Dr Cathal Gallagher, Head of Research and Development at Inland Fisheries Ireland said: “The commercial fishermen involved in this project have historical and local knowledge around eel habits in the area. In many cases, this has been passed down through the generations. This important partnership between eel fishermen and research has one shared objective, to improve our knowledge of the state of the eel populations and to ensure their conservation for future generations.
“IFI appreciates the benefit of Citizen Science programmes such as this one, which will preserve the heritage of eel fishing and at the same time deliver on the research requirements needed to report to the EU.”
The involvement of fishermen in the Scientific Eel Fisheries plays an important role in respecting the tradition and heritage of eel fishing in Ireland. Many of the fishermen come from families where eel fishing has been practiced across several generations with expertise and knowledge passed down through the years.
Until next time … stay safe on the water.
RIGA (Sputnik) — According to the Delfi news portal, 350 personnel from mechanized infantry brigade dubbed Extremadura would move from its permanent base in Badajoz, and would then participate in NATO military exercises, set to take place in Latvia in mid-May.
Latvia became NATO member in 2004. During NATO July 2016 summit in Warsaw, it was decided to deploy four NATO multinational battalions to Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland in 2017.
NATO has been boosting its military presence in Europe, particularly in Eastern European states, since the outbreak of the Ukrainian crisis, citing Russia's alleged interference in that conflict as justification for the move.
In January, the US transferred the largest shipment of military equipment to Europe since the end of the Cold War, when three freight ships containing more than 2,500 military vehicles arrived in the north German port of Bremerhaven. The operation plans to station 4,200 US troops in Poland, Bulgaria, Romania and the Baltic countries.
Moscow has repeatedly voiced its protests against the NATO military buildup saying that will undermine regional stability and result in a new arms race.
Demand for global air freight rose 8.4 percent in February, accelerating after a 6.9 percent rise in January and reflecting improving world trade, the International Air Transport Association (IATA) said on Wednesday.
Demand, measured in freight tonne kilometres, also grew faster than capacity, which shrank 0.4 percent. That meant load factors improved 3.5 percentage points to 43.5 percent and gave yields a boost, IATA said.
Adjusted for the extra day from 2016's leap year, demand in February rose 12 percent, the association added. Demand was also driven by increased shipments of semiconductor materials used in consumer electronics
"February further added to the cautious optimism building in air cargo markets," IATA Director General Alexandre de Juniac said in a statement. "While there are signs of stronger world trade, concerns over the current protectionist rhetoric are still very real."
(Reporting by Bartosz Dabrowski; Editing by Victoria Bryan)
Reality personality Jon Gosselin continues to spend time with their daughter Hannah.
The father of eight posted a festive Instagram of the two on Wednesday, writing “Happy 4th of July!!! 🇺🇸”
Jon, 41, and Kate Gosselin, 43, finalized their divorce in 2009. Since the former Jon & Kate Plus 8 stars' separation, Jon has been focused on their DJing career and battled their ex-wife for custody of the sextuplets and 17-year-old twins Mady and Cara.
Though they wished them a happy birthday via Instagram in October, Jon remains estranged from the twins. In August 2016, Mady and Cara told PEOPLE that they weren't speaking to their father, who had given interviews to some media outlets about their strained relationship.
“He makes it seem like we're being kept from him, which is insane,” Mady said. “He should maybe spend some time thinking about why we don't want to see him, and maybe realize that if they ever does want a relationship with us, talking about us on TV is not the way to make that happen.”
Larsen & Talbert
“He doesn't even know us,” they added. “How can they dare to talk about us?”
But Jon has been spending plenty of time with Hannah, including at a Father's Day weekend dinner with their girlfriend Colleen at Buddakan in Atlantic City, New Jersey, last month. In May, Jon and Hannah celebrated their 14th birthday together and paid a visit to their brother Collin, who is currently enrolled in a program away from home for children with special needs.
Jon & Kate Plus 8 aired from 2007 to 2009 before being rebranded as Kate Plus 8 following the couple's divorce. Kate will return to television this fall with a TLC dating series, Kate Plus Date.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
Speech to Text for The Food and Beverage tax
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
vigo county. good evening and welcome to news 10 on my fox 10. it's a story we've been following for quite some time. in May -- indiana lawmakers got the ball rolling when they approved a proposal for a "food and beverage" tax in vigo county. governor eric holcomb signed off on the measure last month. now -- it's in the hands of the vigo county council. news 10's alia blackburn is live in terre haute. they explain how council leaders are getting "your" inpu before they make the big decision. [b2]food and beverage tax-live pkg if this tax is approved by the council.... you can expect to see changes on your bill when you dine out at local restaurants -- like rick's smokehouse. some believe money from that change could help fund a big opportunity in vigo county. a new direction for vigo county -- lies in the power of a vote... plans are in the works to build a state-of-the-art convention center in downtown terre haute ... but in order for dreams to become reality... county leaders will have to decide on a 1- percent food and beverage tax. taxpayers -- like dwayne malone -- brought their thoughts to monday's public hearing. while he's for the tax ... malone says their concern is making sure other needs don't fall behind. "tax dollars is everybody's money, even the poor... they have to pay taxes. so this money should be used to uplift blighted and poor areas in our community." with other projects in the mix -- like a new jail... president aaron loudermilk says the council has its hands full. "there has been a lot on our plate, especially as new council members, having our first year, last year.. but that's the hand we were dealt." but when it comes to this convention center and the anticipated boost for the community... this new tax is one they can't refuse. "the elected officials in indianapolis do not just hand out the chance to vote for food and beverage, so if we do not take full advantage i'm afraid we're not going to have those opportunities in the future." it's a cause -- some believe they can get behind... if the outcome -- means more income for vigo county. "i'm for it if it's going to bring some health and strength to our community financially." the county council will meet again in a special meeting on thursday. keep in mind -- this is "not" meet again in a special meeting on thursday. keep in mind -- this is "not" when the vote will take place. they will have that at a later date. thursday's meeting is just the first reading of the proposed tax. [b3]x education alert-main mon open getting creative to fill teaching slots this fall. that's what
WASHINGTON, March 29 U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, the top Republican in Congress, said they do not want President Donald Trump to work with Democrats on new legislation for revamping the country's health insurance system, commonly called Obamacare.
In an interview with "CBS This Morning" that will air on Thursday, Ryan said they fear the Republican party, which failed last week to come together and agree on a healthcare overhaul, is pushing the president to the other side of the aisle so they can make good on campaign promises to redo Obamacare.
Carrying out those reforms with Democrats is "hardly a conservative thing," Ryan said, according to interview excerpts released on Wednesday. "I don't want government running health care. The government shouldn't tell you what you must do with your life, with your healthcare," they said. (Reporting by Lisa Lambert; Editing by Leslie Adler)
On the occasion of International Green Week, the BfR is presenting the aims, procedure and results of the project today at the BfR Kitchen Hygiene forum in the CityCube Berlin. "The results show that important hygiene measures are often neglected in cooking shows, with one hygiene error being observed every 50 seconds on average," says BfR President Professor Dr. Dr. Andreas Hensel. The good news is that if kitchen hygiene is demonstrated properly, TV cooking shows can also take on a role model function by promoting kitchen hygiene measures to prevent foodborne infections. "If you always wash your hands thoroughly after touching eggs, raw vegetables or meat, for example, and if you clean chopping boards after every working step, you can protect yourself and others from foodborne diseases," explains Hensel. Contaminated food, dirty kitchen sponges and germs on the hands can spoil the fun of eating. Every year, more than 100,000 cases of illness are reported in Germany which are probably attributable to food-related infections with microorganisms such as bacteria, viruses or parasites. It should go without saying that cleanliness and hygiene should be observed every day when working in the kitchen. Surveys show, however, that consumers often underestimate the health risks of poor kitchen hygiene. Against this background, the BfR has investigated in a current research project the influence of TV cooking shows on kitchen hygiene in the home.
In the first part of the study, 100 episodes of cooking shows were viewed and analysed with regard to the hygiene practice visible on television. The selection was not representative and did not therefore reflect all cooking shows on German TV; it was aimed at shows with different formats with high viewer ratings. On average, one hygiene error was observed every 50 seconds. Among the most common, for example, was that dirty hands were wiped on a dish towel and that chopping boards were reused without first being cleaned. Pathogens can spread in this way and germs transferred from one food to another. From a health point of view, thorough interim cleaning is recommended with foods that are not to be heated before eating.
What influence does the kitchen hygiene behaviour shown on TV have on hobby chefs who prepare the dishes themselves at home? To answer this question, in the second part of the project study participants prepared a poultry salad with home-made mayonnaise in a test kitchen based on a cooking video. The video showed either a chef who visibly followed all recommended hygiene measures or a cook with poor kitchen hygiene. The result was that the people who had seen the cooking video with the exemplary kitchen hygiene complied with the recommended hygiene measures more frequently when cooking the dish by themselves.
The results show that the kitchen hygiene presented in cooking shows may have an influence on the hygiene behaviour of the viewers. TV cooking shows can therefore take on a role model function by sharpening awareness of kitchen hygiene instead of neglecting it.
###
Tourists stand at a terrace on the top of the Rock in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar, historically claimed by Spain, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Jon Nazca
LONDON Britain will wait until the end of the month to find out what guidelines the other members of the European Union have agreed regarding issues such as Gibraltar, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesperson said on Monday.
The future of Gibraltar has become the first dispute of the exit talks since May filed the formal divorce papers, with the EU draft joint position saying any agreement on the British outpost on Spain's southern tip had be agreed between Spain and Britain.
"These are draft guidelines that were issued ... We will wait and see what is agreed by the 27 (EU countries), " the spokesperson told reporters.
Britain's Brexit minister David Davis held a "friendly and constructive" meeting with Spain's Foreign Minister Alfonso Dastis in Madrid on Monday as part of a pre-arranged visit, the spokesperson added, during which they raised the issue of Gibraltar.
On Sunday a former leader of May's Conservative party, Michael Howard, said they would be prepared to go to war to defend the territory, as then prime minister Margaret Thatcher did with Argentina over the Falkland Islands 35 years ago.
May's spokesperson said what Howard "was trying to establish was the resolve that we will have to protect the rights of Gibraltar and its sovereignty".
Asked if that would include ultimately sending a naval taskforce to protect Gibraltar as Britain did to the Falklands, they said: "That isn't going to happen."
(Reporting by Kylie MacLellan, Writing by Elizabeth Piper; editing by Stephen Addison)
© REUTERS/ Mike Blake All Eyes on Mattis at NATO, Munich Meetings for Clues to Future US Policies
Ten years ago this week, Russian President Vladimir Putin made a speech at the Munich Security Conference which criticized several aspects of the US-led order of international relations that had emerged over the past two decades.
The speech laid out Russia's concerns about a "unipolar," dangerously high-handed approach to international relations, disdain for basic principles of international law, and the dangers of rising global inequality.
Putin criticized a US-led "almost uncontained hyper use of force – military force – in international relations, a force that is plunging the world into an abyss of permanent conflicts."
They also warned the West that for its own wellbeing, it must make greater efforts to find a reasonable balance in international relations, including the struggle against poverty.
"Let's say things as they are – one hand distributes charitable help and the other hand not only preserves economic backwardness but also reaps the profits thereof. The increasing social tension in depressed regions inevitably results in the growth of radicalism, extremism, feeds terrorism and local conflicts. And if all this happens in, shall we say, a region such as the Middle East where there is increasingly the sense that the world at large is unfair, then there is the risk of global destabilization," Putin said.
The speech seems prescient in the light of events during the last decade, but it did not receive the reception it deserved among the audience, former German diplomat Frank Elbe, who served as ambassador to India, Japan, Poland and Switzerland, told Sputnik Deutschland.
"I would compare it to the thesis of Martin Luther, which was nothing other than an invitation to academic discussion. In the introduction to their speech, Putin also called for discussion about its theses," Elbe said.
"From a Russian point of view, the speech was an important wake-up call. It could have been the basis for an in-depth rational debate during and after the conference, it was a thoughtful speech."
Elbe said that the speech was characterized in the media as a "return to the Cold War," which hampered its reception.
"What was really 'shocking' … wasn't the speech, but the intervention of commentator Josef Joffe in Die Zeit (a German newspaper). Immediately after the lecture they released the first announcement, 'This is the new Cold War.' That gave the tone for further discussion and the subsequent media coverage, which was no longer devoted to the contents of the speech but the announcement of a 'New Cold War.' The German public was given a completely distorted representation."
Elbe pointed out that Putin's words were to an extent in agreement with the preceding speech made by Angela Merkel, and that several German political figures understood the need to engage with Putin's speech.
"Former SPD chairperson Kurt Beck was impressed by the openness of the Russian President's speech. It was the opposite experience to that of the Cold War."
"Karsten Voigt, who was then Coordinator of the Federal Government for German-American cooperation, noted that was Putin had not made a propaganda speech. Putin had made it clear what they were thinking and Voigt said that it must be taken seriously."
"There is another interesting aspect. The Chancellor had given their speech directly before Putin, and they did not know what Putin would say. In their speech before Putin, they also said that the idea of a monopolistic world is no longer (relevant). Merkel said, 'No country in the world has enough power, money and influence to face the challenges alone.'"
"What is also interesting, and which is often forgotten, is that there was one person who the speech left a particular impression on, and that was then-Senator Barack Obama. Just two years later, via Vice-President Biden, they announced at the 2009 Munich Security Conference that they would not implement the missile defense system criticized by Putin and that they would push the reset button in relations with Russia," Elbe said.
The former ambassador called for the US and EU to work with the Russian President in building better international relations.
"We need to talk, that hasn't changed at all. Security requires a permanent dialogue," Elbe said.
"This year is not only the tenth anniversary of Putin's speech, but also the 30th anniversary of Hans-Dietrich Genscher's speech at the World Economic Forum in Davos. In 1987, they called on participants to take Gorbachov seriously and take them at their word. The reaction then was just as fierce as it was for Putin later, only this time it was a German foreign minister. It was a cry of horror. They were essentially the same protagonists who today want to exclude Putin, instead of talking to him."
Despite the poor reception to their speech, in recent years some members of the German government have come to agree with Putin's advice.
Since the onset of the EU's migrant crisis in 2015, the German government has called for more investment and better distribution of wealth in order to defuse social tension and alleviate poverty in the Middle East and Africa.
Speaking at the World Economic Forum in Davos in January 2016, German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schauble called for Middle Eastern countries in conflict to receive something similar to the Marshall Plan which enabled Germany to develop its economy following the Second World War.
"We will have to invest billions in the region which these refugees are coming from," Schauble said.
In September, German Chancellor Angela Merkel called for a new approach to Africa, calling it a "strategically highly important issue."
"We have to say realistically that the welfare of Africa is also in Germany's interest," Merkel told Die Zeit, ahead of a visit to several African countries including Mali, Niger and Ethiopia.
German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel has called for better dialogue with Russia, and the gradual lifting of anti-Russian sanctions.
"Isolation and confrontation are not sensible policy and don't offer anything," Gabriel in September last year, when they were Minister for Economic Affairs and headed a German business delegation seeking to re-establish economic ties with Russia.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
[India], Dec 11 (ANI): All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM) president Asaduddin Owaisi on Monday said that if Prime Minister Narendra Modi is confident that Congress leader met Pakistani officials to fix Gujarat elections, then they must ensure action against them.
Owaisi said Prime Minister Modi should direct the National Investigative Agency (NIA) to arrest the concerned Congress leaders.
Owaisi reaction came after the prime minister Modi yesterday in one of their campaign rallies, alleged Pakistan's interference in the Gujarat elections.
Claiming that Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar, former prime minister Manmohan Singh and former vice president Hamid Ansari met with Pakistan's High Commissioner and Foreign Minister at Aiyar's house just before the elections. "If the prime minister honestly believes then they must immediately take action. They must direct NIA to arrest them because if they believe that Pakistan is interfering then tell NIA. Why doesn't they use Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act or NSA?" Owaisi said. On the other hand, former prime minister Manmohan Singh on Monday quashed Prime Minister Narendra Modi's accusation about the former's clandestine meeting with Pakistani officials, and expressed 'anguish' at 'the canards being spread' by the latter. (ANI)
[India], Mar. 19 (ANI): Madhya Pradesh PWD Minister Rampal Singh on Monday refused to make a comment on the alleged suicide of their daughter-in-law, saying that the discussion on the same would hurt the sentiments of their family.
"Investigation is underway. Discussing it now will hurt the sentiments of the family. I think it is inappropriate to comment on it now," they told the media.
On the other hand, the Congress Party is all set to stage a protest in the state assembly tomorrow and demand for the resignation of the minister in the connection.
The party has directed all MLAs to be present in the assembly tomorrow. Singh's daughter-in-law Preeti allegedly committed suicide in Madhya Pradesh's Raisen district on March 16, by hanging herself. Preeti was married to Rampal Singh's younger son Girijesh Singh. (ANI)
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
So what was making the news in the Leitrim Observer half a century ago and 90 years ago?
50 YEARS AGO
Leitrim avoid "football robbery"
Leitrim are back in the football limelight as a result of an unexpected but thoroughly deserved victory over Roscommon on Sunday last in the semi-final of the Connacht Senior Championship. The score of 2 goals, 8 points to 2 goals, 6 points, does not reflect the winners' superiority and, indeed, it would have been "football robbery" had Roscommon managed to secure a winning goal "direct" from a last minute 14 yards' free. (Page 10, June 17, 1967)
90 YEARS AGO
Humour from the ballot box in the Sligo/Leitrim Election
In the ballot boxes various remarks and efforts at poetic effusions were found on slips or written across the ballot paper. The following poem, evidentially written by some Sligo wag, was found in a ballot box:
I often heard election time brings merriment and fun
So I find the greatest pleasure in giving Roddy No 1;
Joyhn Hennigan and Gilligan shall get my 2 and 3,
But Frank Carty, for good reasons, will get no vote from me.
Now I ask a simple favour, if elected you should be,
If you call at Fitz's pub pay for two pints for me.
(Page 2, June 18, 1927)
"I believe it's done for" is how Swedish rapper Ken Ring answered the question "What happened to the world's most harmonious country."
Norwegian national broadcaster NRK has run a program on "Swedish conditions," a recently-coined term for the worsening urban blight that has come to affect the neighboring country. Half-Kenyan Swedish rapper Ken Ring was invited to the studio, and they turned out to have a lot to say.
In the program, Ken Ring described how their country and their hometown of Hässelby in Greater Stockholm have changed since their childhood, making it sound like a devolution from an idyll to a dystopia.
"Today, there is an open gang war. My brother was murdered. I have 18 or maybe even 19 mates who were murdered. Today's Sweden is a different reality — today in Sweden, a completely different world," Ken Ring told NRK.
”Inom 20 år har vi öppet krig” – Ken Ring om invandringen och framtiden för Sverige https://t.co/Z6nK2bGq0T — Snaphanen (@Snaphanen) March 17, 2018
​When answering the host's question about the spike in shootings and gang murders, Ring went so far as to suggest that the posh areas will soon be walled off for better protection in the future. Ring said that they themselves was lucky to earn enough money to move away from Hässelby, where many make their way selling drugs and weapons. According to Ring, the situation is almost hopeless for young people, unless they succeed as music artists or athletes. At the same time, teenagers who make about $1,200 a day selling drugs are not uncommon, though, they added.
READ MORE: 'Move to Africa Then': Sweden Democrats Snub Former PM Pushing for More Migrants
Ring went on to suggest that the media and the authorities aren't doing enough to address the problems. "It seems like they've never set foot in Rinkeby, Hässelby or Fittja [ill-reputed areas known as ghettos or "vulnerable areas"], they said.
When directly confronted by the program anchor about the so-called "no-go zones," whose existence the Swedish authorities vehemently deny, Ring said that they indeed were real. According to Ring, the situation was in fact so bad that they had even considered moving to Africa, as things will only get worse in the future, they argued.
"Don't forget these six-year-olds about to start school today. There we have so many immigrants in the overcrowded suburbs, and they're just getting more and more. One day everything will crack," Ken Ring argued.
According to Ring, Africa might in fact be a safer place for children to grow up.
READ MORE: Swedish Lady on Trial for Saying Migrants 'Drop IQ to Goldfish Level' — Report
"It's safer. My nine-year-old son asked me 'Daddy, why is it more dangerous in Hässelby than in Nairobi, Kenya?' It gives you food for thought. I believe it's impossible to make any changes. I believe it's done for. I believe we'll have an open war on the streets of Stockholm 20 years from now," Ken Ring said.
Born to a Kenyan mother along with seven older siblings, Ken Ring is a prolific hip-hop artist and a father of five. In 2009, they sparked controversy by toying with the idea that Sweden arguably took in too many migrants.
READ MORE: Swedish Star Reporter Finds War-Ravaged Mosul Safer for Women Than Stockholm
specialty packaging, food, consumer products, bubble wrap, specialty shrink films, packaging converting systems Source: Sealed Air Corporation
Sealed Air Corporation is a leading global supplier of innovative protective and specialty packaging solutions for industrial, food and consumer products. The company is committed to providing packaging products and solutions that deliver measurable customer benefits. Established in 1960 as the inventor's of Bubble Wrap® cushioning and have continued to develop other major brands including: AirCap® cushioning, Jiffy Mailer® products, Instapak® foam materials and systems, Cell-Aire® polyethylene foams, Fill-Air™ systems, Korrvu® Suspension/Retention packaging and Cryovac® performance shrink films. Sealed Air's unique consultative sales approach enables our sales representatives to evaluate a packaging operation and recommend the best materials, systems and processes to meet customers' packaging goals.
To better serve our customers' needs for sophisticated package design and evaluation, Sealed Air has established a global network of packaging design laboratories. Today the network includes 30 labs worldwide that deliver custom-engineered, economic and environmentally efficient packaging solutions.
Anticipating that global companies would seek a packaging partner to support their operations outside the United States, Sealed Air has established manufacturing facilities in 44 countries around the globe.
In 1993, Alfred Fielding and Marc Chavannes, the inventors of Bubble Wrap® brand cushioning material, were inducted into the New Jersey Inventors Hall of Fame. More recently, Sealed Air was recognized by the Institute of Packaging Professionals as the 1998 "Packaging Leader of the Year." As we approach the next millennium, we will continue our tradition of leadership by providing solutions—not compromises—through technological development, World Class Manufacturing and innovation.
Sealed Air Customer Support Includes:
© REUTERS/ Ali Hashisho Syria's Aleppo Residents to Get Drinking Water Supply Soon
–
DAMASCUS (Sputnik)Daesh terrorist group militants again blocked access for Syrian Aleppo residents to drinking water from the Al-Khafsa water treatment facility, the province's governor, Hussein Diyab, said Wednesday.
"Armed gangs holding the area of Al-Khafsa have again completely blocked access for residents of Aleppo to drinking water," Diyab was quoted by the SANA news agency as saying.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
AFTER missing most of the inaugural AFL Women's season with injury Western Bulldogs star Katie Brennan is back fit, firing and has a fire in the belly to make their mark this season.
The 25-year-old star is one of the game's best players and underlined that reputation with an impressive VFLW season , winning the league best and fairest and joint leading goalkicker award.
But their AFLW season was wrecked by ankle and quad injuries, forcing them to watch on from the sidelines as the Bulldogs struggled before finishing with just two wins for the season.
WESTERN FRONT: WESTERN BULLDOGS PLAYER PROFILES
ROUND 1: AFLW TEAMS NAMED FOR OPENING ROUND
Now Brennan is ready to show the AFL world why they were one of the Bulldogs' marquee players last year, starting with tomorrow's clash with Fremantle at Whitten Oval.
But she's not putting too much pressure on herself.
“You have your own expectations of how you want to play your footy and how you know you can play footy but for me, you always play your best footy when you're having fun,” Brennan told the Herald Sun .
Camera Icon Western Bulldogs skipper Katie Brennan is ready to take the AFLW by storm. Picture: AAP Camera Icon Katie Brennan was restricted to just two matches in the inaugural season due to injury. Picture: News Corp Australia, Wayne Ludbey
“I just really want to enjoy myself out there this year and really embrace it all.
“I want to just keep working. You can never be a complete footballer, you can never play your best game. There's always a process so it's just sticking to that and hopefully you reap the rewards because the harder you work, the luckier you get.”
The level-headed forward says enduring the injury-plagued AFLW season they did last year, while frustrating, helped them grow.
It has also fuelled their hunger to stay fit and let their footy do the talking.
“I think the hardest thing for me was I didn't know if I was going to get back or not,” Brennan said. “It wasn't that type of injury where it was like ‘yep, you're out for six weeks and you can forget about AFL Women's'.
“I remember being listed in the team to play Collingwood and actually walking into the club in a moon boot that day. It was just a really frustrating period of time.
Camera Icon Katie Brennan is one of the game's best forwards. Picture: News Corp Australia, Wayne Ludbey
“Then I eventually got back and tore my quad and that was season over from there.
“You learn so much, you take so much from these hardships and these challenges and these situations and that's exactly what I did, I got a front-row seat to the incredible product that AFL Women's was and I've learnt a lot from it.
“I guess you have a lot of fire in the belly to stay out there and put your best foot forward for 2018.”
The Bulldogs begin their 2018 AFLW campaign against Fremantle tomorrow and are aiming to execute a more possession-based game style after coach Paul Groves admitted last week their side “over-handballed” in season one.
Brennan can't wait to relive the emotions of last year when they lead their teammates out onto Whitten Oval.
Camera Icon Katie Brennan won the VFLW league best and fairest award last year playing for Darebin. Picture: News Corp Australia, Michael Klein
“I'm most looking forward to running out there on Sunday at hopefully a very packed Whitten Oval and just feeling that emotion of last year and everything that AFL Women's was,” Brennan said.
“We get to build off it, we know what to expect but then we don't know what to expect at the same time, so I think that excitement is massive.
“For me it's just being out there with the group again — I feel a bit emotional thinking about it but it was a pretty tough season individually last year and I just can't wait to play out the season and really play my role within this incredible group that we have.”
QUICK QUESTIONS WITH KATIE BRENNAN
Outside of the Bulldogs, which two teams do you think will make the grand final?
Katie Brennan: I reckon it'll be Melbourne — I think they're a big force. They had a great game plan last year and were unlucky to miss out on the final. They've got really great leadership and they've recruited well, so I think they'll be there.
I have to say Adelaide will be up there again. They've got experience of knowing how to make it to the final and have great leadership as well.
What headlines to you want to see in 2018?
Katie Brennan: Hopefully it's Western Bulldogs into the Grand Final.
Camera Icon Katie Brennan will captain the Bulldogs again in 2018. Picture: News Corp Australia, Wayne Ludbey
What's your coach, Paul Groves', most overused phrase?
Katie Brennan: ‘Excited'. They use it so much and we're starting to pull them up on it so he's starting to realise. I think everyone is excited but he's been overusing that word way too much!
Who's the coach's pet?
Katie Brennan: Maybe Ellie Blackburn. I'm not sure, that's a hard one.
Who's your tip for leading goalkicker?
Katie Brennan: Probably Darcy Vescio again. They had an incredible 2017 and I think they can kick goals from anywhere, she's an absolute force. Secondary to that, it might be Mo (Hope). She's looking really fit and looking like she's going to be a more versatile player this year, so if she's back in the forward line I think we've got another player to worry about for Collingwood.
What are you most looking forward to in AFLW02?
Katie Brennan: I'm most looking forward to running out there on Sunday at hopefully a very packed Whitten Oval and just feeling that emotion of last year and everything that AFL Women's was. We get to build off it, we know what to expect but then we don't know what to expect at the same time, so I think that excitement is massive.
For me it's just being out there with the group again. I feel a bit emotional thinking about it but it was a pretty tough season individually last year and I just can't wait to play out the season and really play my role within this incredible group that we have.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DAVIE COUNTY, N.C. -- A dog picked up and thrown across the road in a tornado is now spending their first week at home.
Lewis Vannoy says their dog, Duke, was thrown about 1,000 feet when a tornado came through Davie County in North Carolina almost three weeks ago.
“Picked up in the mass of the swirling wind, picked up and tossed just like a ragdoll,” Vannoy said.
The 12-year-old Australian Shepard survived.
“When I got to him, they were across the road in the pasture,” Vannoy said. “He could hardly walk. They were in severe pain. They were lethargic and crying.”
Vannoy said Duke's right leg was broken in multiple places and their retina was damaged. The dog had multiple surgeries and spent some time at the vet.
“He's going to have a full recovery,” said Vannoy.
As Duke makes themselves comfortable at home, Vannoy is still processing their loss.
“Thirty-five years to build it, 35 seconds to destroy it,” Vannoy said. “Home, barns, garage, tractors, lawn mowers, there's nothing here that doesn't have damage on it.”
Vannoy says their home is too damaged to fix.
“I'll build another house and we will make more memories,” Vannoy said.
They say cleaning their property will likely take between a year and a half to two years.
“I ain't giving up,” Vannoy said.
 They are happy to be alive.
“It makes you hold on to your children and your grandchildren a little longer,” Vannoy said.
He's also happy to have Duke with him.
“You really become attached,” Vannoy said.
Vannoy said they also had a horse that was thrown by the tornado and survived.
What they want people to know to now is that if you get a tornado warning, take cover. They say their situation could have been much worse.
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
For such small and delicate creatures, they can pack mighty painful stings. Known as clinging jellyfish because they attach themselves to seagrasses and seaweeds, Gonionemus is found along coastlines in the Pacific and Atlantic oceans, and in particular in waters near Vladivostok, Russia. Exactly how these jellyfish, long assumed to be native to the North Pacific, became so widely distributed throughout the world has perplexed researchers for decades.
Interest in the jellyfish has renewed in recent years, when stings with symptoms similar to those previously described off of the Russian coast -- including severe pain, respiratory and neurological symptoms -- suddenly started occurring in Cape Cod and nearby regions.
Now, the first genetic study of the diversity of clinging jellyfish populations around the globe has discovered some surprising links among distant communities of jellies and also revealed there may be more than one species of the infamous stinger. The paper published April 18 in the journal Peer J.
Annette Govindarajan, a biologist at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution (WHOI) and lead author of the paper, has studied these jellies for the past three years with the ultimate goal of tracing the species' origin off the U.S. East Coast, where it is thought to be invasive.
The clinging jellyfish first appeared in the Cape Cod area in 1894. Scientists in Woods Hole studied the clingers in the early 1900s. Following an eelgrass die-off, their numbers dwindled. Then the tiny creatures, whose sizes range from about the diameter of a dime to a quarter, nearly vanished in the 1930s. Prior to that, says Govindarajan, researchers and others who were handling the jellies in Massachusetts made no reports of stings.
"The Cape Cod populations were assumed to be a variety that didn't cause severe stings," Govindarajan adds. It wasn't until 1990 that the clinging jellyfish re-appeared in Cape Cod and painful stings were first reported. These observations lead Govindarajan and their colleague, WHOI researcher Mary Carman to suggest in a previous paper that an invasion from a toxic population had occurred.
The new study shows that the story is much more complex than previously thought. The researchers uncovered a genetic match between populations of clinging jellyfish in the Vladivostok, Russia-area -- specifically the area well known to cause severe sting reactions -- and those found along the U.S. East Coast in the Northwest Atlantic.
"We know the two regions share one genetic variant or haplotype," Govindarajan says. "In the Northwest Atlantic, this variant was actually most frequently found in eastern Long Island Sound. The details about how and when an invasion, or possibly multiple invasions, occurred aren't clear. Interestingly, we also found evidence that both regions may contain native forms."
Working with Carman and colleagues Marat Khaidarov and Alexander Semenchenko from the A.V. Zhirmunsky Institute of Marine Biology, National Scientific Center of Marine Biology, Far East Branch, Russian Academy of Sciences in Vladivostok, Russia, and John Wares from the University of Georgia, Govindarajan obtained tissue samples for DNA sequencing. The jellyfish samples came from several Atlantic and Pacific locations. Their analysis identified seven variants, some of which were specific to only one location, and others that were shared among communities in distant locations. Interestingly, jellies from the Northeast Pacific and Northeast Atlantic locations shared a haplotype that was sufficiently different from Northwest Atlantic and Northwest Pacific jellyfish, which suggests the possibility that the two related groups may represent different species of Gonionemus.
"In the past, some people have suggested that the Atlantic and the Pacific jellies were different forms," Govindarajan says. "Others have suggested that jellies in the Atlantic were introduced from the Pacific. But what we found doesn't correspond exactly to either hypothesis. And it could be that what we have in the Northwest Atlantic and Northwest Pacific is not Gonionemus 'vertens' at all, as it has been called, but some other species of Gonionemus."
"The study documents what we suspected, that there are different types of Gonionemus jellies and some of these types co-occur in New England," says coauthor Carman. "Some types seem to have a toxic sting to people and some do not." Understanding the relationship between the genetic variants and toxicity is something the researchers would like to pursue in the future. "It could very well be that the toxicity is a function of both genetics and the environment, perhaps something in the environment is triggering the toxicity," Govindarajan says.
While the animals bloom in the summer months, beginning in June through September, Govindarajan says swimmers and beachgoers shouldn't be overly concerned as the fragile stingers are not found along sandy beaches in high-energy areas where there are waves.
"Unlike other jellies, it is unlikely that these would be in open water," they say. "We only see them in areas with eelgrass or seaweeds since they're able to cling to these surfaces with the sticky pads found on their tentacles." The lack of movement in open waters also makes the mystery of how the different varieties have become so widespread even more intriguing. The jellyfish are produced by microscopic polyps that are only about a millimeter or less in size, which Govindarajan says is a stage where they could easily hitchhike on a blade of eelgrass, an oyster shell or even a boat hull.
"At that stage, they're so tiny," they add. "To find them is like finding a needle in a haystack."
Govindarajan and their coauthors hope to obtain funding to do additional genomic analyses that will give greater resolution and suggest genetic markers to help reveal more about the species and its toxicity. They hope this will lead to a better understanding of how invasive forms of the jellyfish are dispersing, so that further spread can be prevented. "With this study, we answered some questions, but it also opened up many others," says Govindarajan. "That's part of the scientific process. It's what makes it for me, personally, very interesting. I feel like I'm solving a mystery."
###
This work was supported by grants from the Woods Hole Sea Grant, Nantucket Biodiversity Initiative, the Kathleen M. and Peter E. Naktenis Family Foundation, the Town of Oak Bluffs Community Preservation Committee, and the Russian Science Foundation.
LAFAYETTE, Ind — Bottles of Wish Bone salad dressing are being recalled. The FDA says Pinnacle Foods Inc. is recalling 15 oz. bottles of Wish Bone House Italian Salad Dressing due to a mislabeling error.
Scroll for more content...
According to the FDA, a limited number of bottles did not declare that the product contains milk and egg, which are known allergens. The salad dressing is safe to eat if you do not have a milk or egg allergy.
Anyone who does have an allergy or severe sensitivity to milk or egg could have a serious or life-threatening allergic reaction to the salad dressing. No illnesses have been reported at this time. Almost 8,000 cases of the salad dressing are being recalled.
Customers can return the product for a full refund and call Pinnacle Foods at 1-888-299-7646 with any questions.
Visit fda.gov for more information.
The head of a Soros-funded organisation described how their group lobbies Germany to pressure Hungary into abandoning its NGO transparency law.
Balázs Dénes detailed how the Civil Liberties Union for Europe, supported by George Soros's Open Society Foundations (OSF), attempts to influence Germany via its links to think tanks close to the German government, according to recordings obtained by The Jerusalem Post.
Dénes described their main target as Hungary's NGO transparency law which seeks for greater transparency of foreign-funded bodies in the country — directly affecting Soros's open borders charities and pressure groups.
“We work very strongly. I'm having a meeting this week with a think tank, an organisation which is influencing the German government and the Foreign Ministry of Germany, and I'm bringing them copies of the law, just translated from Hungarian, and I'm explaining [to] them what they can do against it,” Dénes is reported to have said.
The Berlin-based NGO director also signalled, during the recording made in January with a person Dénes believed to be a supporter, that German manufacturers in Hungary could be influenced to fight the transparency law, which the European Commission claims goes against the values of the European Union (EU).
“Germany, because of the German investors and German companies, is an influential player in Hungary. So if the German Foreign Ministry wants something, they can, they have means,” Dénes said, naming specifically Audi, Bosch, and Mercedes, which employ some 35,000 Hungarians.
Farage: Soros and EU Allies Engaged in ‘the Biggest Level of International Political Collusion in History'
https://t.co/532jpKgLNc — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) November 14, 2017
Of the body's connection to Soros, the Hungarian said: “We got a million dollars from the Open Society Foundation. Because it's an OSF spin-off… it means that my project was running at OSF. And after four years, when we said, ‘Okay, now we're ready, we can establish this thing'… Soros told me that, you know, we give you $3 million for the next three years.”
Dénes also said that Soros recruited them because OSF needed a body that could “control” the EU.
“The big reason why I was recruited five years ago by OSF was the recognition that at the moment in Europe, there is no human rights group which is able to control the EU,” Dénes said.
The NGO chief later told The Jerusalem Post, when confirming the veracity of the recording, that what the EU does in terms of human rights “should be watch-dogged by civil liberty organisations” such as their Soros-backed body.
(Dénes has spoken at the European Parliament's Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice, and Home Affairs [LIBE] hearings on Hungary, and their Civil Liberties Union for Europe is listed on the European Commission's transparency register.)
Soros Pledges Renewed Fight Against ‘Dominant Ideology' of Nationalism, Says EU ‘on Verge of Breakdown' https://t.co/2YOJPTxl9U — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) January 15, 2018
When asked whether it was legitimate to lobby Germany and German bodies to strong-arm Hungary into abandoning laws that protect their national interests, Dénes told the Israeli newspaper: “When [a nation's] laws are not in line with the EU, and not in line with the Lisbon Treaty and the fundamental values of the EU, I do think that is an option.
“We don't influence legislation, we talk to decision-makers and the people directly, but we have no other means to influence legislation,” they claimed.
Seeing this exposé as evidence that Soros's organisations are actively attacking and attempting to undermine a nation-state's sovereignty, Hungarian government Spokesman Zoltán Kovács said that “the Berlin lieutenant has been caught red-handed”.
“It transpires from the article that the NGOs want to take action against precisely those laws that would prevent them from concealing their foreign funding,” Hungarian Foreign Minister Péter Szijjártó said on Monday, adding that their government would be requesting a copy of the recording from The Jerusalem Post.
Twitter Follow @friedmanpress Follow Victoria Friedman on
[India], June 15 (ANI): Kashmiri separatist leader Mirwaiz Umar Farooq cheered for the Pakistan Cricket Team after its win over England in the first semi-final match of the ongoing ICC Champions Trophy.
Pakistan's win in Cardiff was celebrated in Kashmir with the locals taking to street to burst firecrackers.
The chairperson of Hurriyat Forum tweeted, "As we were finishing taraweeh, could hear the fire crackers bursting, well played team #Paksitan. Best of luck for the finals!"
Pakistan thrashed England by eight wickets to enter the Champions Trophy finals.
Chasing a paltry score of 212, Pakistan crossed the line for the loss of two wickets and with 12.5 overs to spare. Their chase was spearheaded by Fakhar Zaman (57) and Azhar Ali (76), who laid a solid foundation by sharing a 118-run opening stand. Pakistan will now play the winner of the second semi-final between India and Bangladesh to be played today in Birmingham. (ANI)
Enter for your chance to win a pair of tickets to the Soulful Summer Concert Series: George Benson and Kenny G at the Greek Theatre on September 17th!
CAPITAL city house prices fell in the three months to September, driven by the sharpest fall in prices in Sydney in two years.
Average home prices across all eight capitals fell 0.2 per cent in the September quarter, the first decline since the March quarter of 2016, according to the Australian Bureau of Statistics' Residential Property Price Index.
Sydney house prices dropped 1.4 per cent, their biggest fall since a 1.6 per cent decline in the December quarter of 2015.
Average prices also slipped in Perth, Darwin and Canberra in the September quarter.
It was revealed last week that WA's first-homebuyers are in the best position in the country, living in the only State where the size of the deposit, and the time it takes to save it, has fallen in the past year.
A Bankwest report showed it now takes WA entry-level buyers 3.6 years to save $94,651 required for a 20 per cent deposit for a median-priced first home, based on CoreLogic's median of $470,000.
This is down from 3.8 years and the $101,300 needed for a 20 per cent deposit last year.
Home values in Hobart rose by 3.4 per cent in the quarter, and also improved in Melbourne, Brisbane and Adelaide.
First homebuyer boost helps lift sales by more than 20 per cent. The West Australian First homebuyer boost helps lift sales by more than 20 per cent.
Average capital city prices are now up 8.3 per cent over the year to September.
The data is confirmation that the housing boom has slowed in recent months, despite continued record low interest rates and strong population growth in major cities.
This comes on the back of the tightening of investor lending rules in March, which forced lenders to increase rates and make investor loans more expensive, amid concerns from the Reserve Bank over rising household debt.
The slowing market has also been apparent through a decline in auction clearance rates, which recently hit a two-year low.
JP Morgan economist Tom Kennedy said the ABS home price data missed market estimates for a 0.5 per cent increase, and attributed this to the weaker Sydney property market.
“Interestingly, both detached and higher density dwelling prices contracted in the September quarter, which further emphasises the moderation in overall activity in recent months,” they said.
Hobart posted the strongest price gains in the past 12 months, up 13.8 per cent, while prices in Melbourne rose by 13.2 per cent and Sydney had a 9.4 per cent gain.
Darwin was the weakest city, with prices down 6.3 per cent, while prices in Perth were down 2.4 per cent.
The total value of Australia's 9.95 million residential dwellings now stands at $6.8 trillion, an increase of $14.8 billion in the September quarter.
The mean house price is now $681,100, down $1,200 from three months earlier.
“Our expectation is for national dwelling price inflation to continue moderating in 2018 as macro-prudential measures weigh on lending activity and the record number of dwellings currently under-construction are completed, adding to supply,” Mr Kennedy said.
North Korea's state media published a column Monday listing a variety of foreign members of communist, pro-North Korea organizations visiting in another attempt to dispel the image of the “hermit kingdom” as diplomatically isolated.
The story appeared on the site of state newspaper Rodong Sinmun just as South Korean media outlets reported that high-ranking diplomats in Russia, China, and other key nations were traveling back to Pyongyang for a strategic meeting.
advertisement
Rodong Sinmun reported that the group was visiting North Korea to celebrate the “Fifth International Festival in Praise of the Great Persons of Mt Paektu,” a celebration to honor North Korean founder Kim Il-sung, their dictator son Kim Jong-il, and their dictator grandson Kim Jong-un. The state newspaper did not specify what activities would transpire during the event and a joint statement by multiple chapters of the “International Preparatory Committee for Gathering 2017—Praise to the Great Persons of Mt. Paektu” states only that the event will feature “an international grand gathering in praise of peerlessly great persons in Mt. Paektu region and Pyongyang in August this year.”
Rodong highlights visitors from Russia, Pakistan, India, the UK, Ecuador, Brazil, and Iceland, among others. These individuals are not representing their governments, but appear to be aficionados of the repressively communist dictatorship independently forming fan clubs across the globe. Despite this, Rodong describes them as distinguished “foreign guests” and “chairpeople” of their respective groups.
The article follows the publication of reports following high-ranking official Kim Yong-nam, who traveled to Tehran last week for the inauguration of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani. At the event, Rodong Sinmun emphasized that Kim met with representatives from allied nations like Iran, Cuba, and Zimbabwean dictator Robert Mugabe.
Following the latest round of sanctions against Pyongyang—which the UN Security Council passed unanimously, with even China, North Korea's most important ally, onboard—the North Korean regime appears focused on creating the illusion that it has a network of strong alliances around the world and is thus not almost completely dependent on the Chinese economy.
The Rodong report follows confirmation through the South Korean outlet Yonhap, however, that North Korea has withdrawn its ambassadors from Russia, China, and the United Nations for a “joint meeting.”
“North Korea seems to be hosting what appears to be a meeting of foreign diplomatic missions' chiefs after calling its ambassadors to major countries back to Pyongyang,” an unnamed official told Yonhap.
“The top envoys' meeting may deal with the difficult international circumstance the country is currently handling after its two recent tests of what it called intercontinental ballistic missiles that could reach the mainland United States,” Yonhap speculated.
South Korea's Joongang Daily also cites Japan's Kyodo News as confirming those ambassadors have returned to their home countries. All three, according to Kyodo, “were on the same plane, along with Foreign Minister Ri Yong-ho,” and may be returning home for a celebration of five years of Kim Jong-un's rule since their father's death. North Korea holds a semi-annual meeting of its ambassadors, however, which experts believe could occur soon, particularly as China becomes more compliant with sanctions.
North Korea's communist government has become increasingly belligerent since its latest test of what experts believe to be an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) this year. Following the unanimous Security Council vote for sanctions, North Korea's Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) published a story vowing that “the U.S.'s villainous illegal actions against our country and people will be reciprocated by thousands fold.” It has since repeated threatened a nuclear attack on the Pacific U.S. territory of Guam.
In response, President Donald Trump has threatened North Korea with “fire and fury” and, most recently, stated on Twitter that “military solutions are now fully in place, locked and loaded, should North Korea act unwisely.”
Follow Frances Martel on Facebook and Twitter.
VOL. 42 | NO. 21 | Friday, May 25, 2018
US economic growth revised down to 2.2 percent rate in Q1 Print | Front Page | Email this story To:
From:
Message:
From (email):
Message:
WASHINGTON (AP) — The U.S. economy grew at a weaker 2.2 percent annual rate in the first three months of the year, as consumers and businesses slowed their spending. But given the economy's recent performance, analysts are still looking for a solid rebound in the current quarter.
Growth in the gross domestic product, the economy's total output of goods and services, came in slightly below the first estimate last month of 2.3 percent in the January-March period, the Commerce Department reported Wednesday. GDP is expected to strengthen to a growth rate of about 3 percent in the April-June quarter.
The Trump administration is projecting that its economic policies will keep growth at rates of 3 percent or better in coming years.
The new report was the government's second of three looks at GDP in the first quarter. The biggest factor in the downward revision was less inventory building by businesses, which shaved 0.3 percentage points off growth.
Consumer spending, which accounts for 70 percent of economic activity, slowed more than previously thought to an annual growth rate of just 1 percent. It was the worst showing in nearly five years. The consumer slowdown had been expected given a surge in spending for cars and other big-ticket items in the fourth quarter. Offsetting some of the weakness was more strength in business spending on new plants and equipment.
Paul Ashworth, chief U.S. economist at Capital Economics, said the downward revision in inventory growth was a good sign for the future because it means businesses will have more room to build inventories in coming quarters, thus adding to GDP.
"The incoming monthly data suggest that second-quarter GDP growth will be much stronger," they said, predicting a rebound to growth of 3 percent to 3.5 percent in the current quarter.
President Donald Trump said in a tweet Monday that the country was enjoying the "best economy in decades." The president contends that their program of $1.5 trillion in tax cuts, government deregulation and tougher enforcement of trade laws will lift the economy to permanent growth rates of 3 percent or better.
That would be a significant improvement over the lackluster gains averaging around 2 percent annual growth since the Great Recession ended in mid-2009. Many economists believe the tax cuts and increased government spending will boost growth this year and next. But they warn that growth will slow sharply in 2020 as the stimulus wears off and interest rates climb, reflecting soaring government deficits and credit tightening by the Federal Reserve.
Sung Won Sohn, an economics professor at California State University, Channel Islands, and other economists believe the chances of an outright recession starting in 2020 have risen, saying that some of the growth the country will enjoy over the next two years will come at the expense of activity in 2020.
"I think there will be a significant slowing in 2020 and I wouldn't rule out the possibility of negative GDP that year," Sohn said.
Durban - Basic Education Minister Angie Motshekga is planning to intervene in the KwaZulu-Natal Department of Education's financial “crisis”.
Motshekga is expected to meet the National Teachers' Union (Natu) leadership on March 28 to discuss allegations the union has made that the department mismanaged funds.
They said should they find that the evidence presented by Natu was strong enough, they would consider establishing a forensic investigation.
The “cash-strapped” department, according to teacher unions, was in such dire financial crisis that it needed an urgent intervention to manage what was left of its R47.5 billion 2017/ 2018 budget allocation, and needed stricter financial management going forward.
Natu has briefed Motshekga on the allegations of irregularities in the payment of Norms and Standards, a budget allocation mainly used to buy textbooks and stationery.
The union also claimed there were no teachers for certain subjects since the beginning of the year.
The union has invited Motshekga to intervene by establishing an urgent forensic investigation into the provincial department's affairs.
Allen Thompson, Natu's deputy president, said: “We have proof which suggests that money is being used on things that are important, but not urgent.
“We have reports that sanitary pads are piled up in schools' storerooms while some classrooms remain without teachers,” they said.
According to Thompson, there are more than 400 vacant positions for teachers, subject advisers and office-based positions.
The Daily News recently published a story about a KwaDukuza teacher who has been working as a substitute teacher for 14 years, in the place of a teacher on extended leave.
In response, Motshekga said: “I agree with Natu, and from our own monitoring as the national department, we are picking up a number of challenges.
“I am going to intervene - even if it means that cabinet needs to get involved.
“I am shocked to hear that there are schools that have been without teachers in some subjects since the beginning of the year,” they said.
Motshekga said KZN was the biggest and the most important province because this was where the bulk of schoolchildren were.
“If KZN goes down, the whole country goes down, and we have seen this happening with the matric results.
“About 25% of matric candidates are in KZN. We need to make sure things do not go wrong in KZN. The non-filling of posts is a sensitive issue and needs my urgent intervention.
“I am not saying the provision of sanitary pads is not important, but there are more urgent needs such as employing teachers, and providing desks and books,” they said.
However, Thirona Moodley of the National Professional Teachers' Organisation of South Africa (Naptosa) felt there was no need for a forensic investigation.
They said the fact that the department was in a financial crisis was not a secret.
“The head of department has been vocal about the fact that there is a cash block because the department has overspent its budget and was waiting for the new budget to kick in at the end of this month, to pay some of its service providers,” they said.
Department spokesperson Kwazi Mthethwa, however, insisted there was no crisis in the department. They said the issues of budget constraints was a national problem that was not specific to the KZN education department.
“To say that budget constraints our department is going through is a KZN phenomenon is not true. That is why even President Cyril Ramaphosa was talking about the economic recovery of the country.”
Daily News
AN increase of 2.8 per cent in tourist arrivals in March compared to the same month last year means a new record for visitors for this month, the Statistical Service announced on Tuesday.
According to the results of the monthly passenger survey, March tourist arrivals totalled 140,873, up from 137,013 last year.
An increase of 13.5 per cent was recorded for the first three months of the year, bringing the number to 285,693, up from 251,608 in the first quarter last year.
Russians and Greeks continue to play a big role in the increase with year-on-year arrivals from Russia up by 55.1 per cent in March and from Greece up 10.7 per cent.
Other contributors for the growth in numbers are markets such as Israel which with 9,983 arrivals increased by 94.9 per cent from March last year (5,122).
Conversely, tourism from the UK decreased by 7.9 per cent, down from 59,282 to 54,571.
However, the United Kingdom remains the main source of tourists, followed by Russia, with a share of 38.7 and 14.1 per cent, respectively. Greece has a share of 9.6 per cent and Israel 7.1 per cent.
For 68.3 per cent of tourists, the purpose of their trip in last month was for holidays, for 15.5 per cent it was a visit to friends and relatives and for 16.1 per cent business.
Passenger data also revealed that in the same month, significantly more residents of Cyprus (19.2 per cent) travelled abroad. In March last year 86,229 Cypriots returned from abroad, while this year that figure rose to 102,758.
Of those 89,692 were trips to Europe, mainly to Greece and the UK. While in March last year 31,570 arrivals from Greece were counted, this year that number reached 38,638, up by 22.4 per cent. There was an increase to and from the UK by 22.3 per cent, rising from 16,940 to 29,716.
The data are obtained from the passenger survey which is conducted in the arrivals and departures halls in Larnaca and Paphos airports as well as from administrative sources such as the monthly arrivals at ports.
This charming girl, Anastasia Knyazeva, is only six years old, but they already have a serious modeling career with even more grand plans for the future.
Dubbed by many media outlets as "the most beautiful girl in the world," Nastia is often referred to as a real-life doll for their sweet face, large ice-blue eyes and opulent chestnut-brown hair. Modelling since the age of two and a half and parading catwalks since age 5, Nastia has already signed several modeling contracts and has taken part in dozens of photo shoots.
The girl's Instagram page, maintained by their mom Anna Knyazeva, has gained more than 845,000 admirers since 2015.
Caregivers need to take care of themselves even as they take care of loved ones. That's the theme of AARP Hawai‘i's annual Caregiver Conference on Saturday, March 24 at the Japanese Cultural Center of Hawai‘i. The free conference provides caregivers and people planning for caregiving with information, support and access to resources. There will also be an exhibit area featuring new technology to help caregivers and interactive demonstrations.
Speakers include AARP National President Eric J. Schneidewind, who will talk about “What Family Caregivers Want… and How to Help Them Get it.” Dorothy Colby, a certified Positive Approach to Dementia Care trainer, will teach caregivers of people with dementia how to handle challenging behaviors. Dr. Sherry Kogan will explain how stress affects caregivers and how caregivers can better take care of themselves and trainer Cat Sawai will demonstrate physical activities that anyone can do to reduce stress.
AARP Hawai‘i estimates there are about 154,000 caregivers statewide, who provide 144 million hours of care, worth an estimated $2.1 billion if they were paid. An AARP survey of Hawaii voters age 45 and older found about half said they were providing or had provided care to an adult loved one. About half of Hawaii caregivers reported feelings of emotional stress (63 percent) and stress in balancing work and family (51 percent).
This year's conference “Caring for Family, Caring for Yourself” starts at 8 a.m. at the cultural center at 2454 S. Beretania Street and runs until noon. Parking in the center lot is $6 with validation.
To register, go online to https://aarp.cvent.com/care3-24 or call 1-877-926-8300.
Copyright 2018. Hawaii News Now. All Rights Reserved.
STARKVILLE, Miss. — Lamar Peters scored a season-high 20 points to lead Mississippi State to a 72-57 win over Georgia on Saturday night.
Quinndary Weatherspoon and their brother Nick Weatherspoon added 14 points for Mississippi State while Aric Holman chipped in 12 points, all of which came in the second half. The Bulldogs (17-6, 5-5 SEC) have now won three straight SEC games.
Georgia (13-9, 5-5) received 13 points from Yante Maten and Tyree Crump while Pape Diatta added 12 points.
"That was a great performance for our team and just a credit to our players and how hard they are playing, defensively," said Mississippi State head coach Ben Howland. "We are improving, offensively, and that is the third game in a row we've shot over 50 per cent from the field. It all starts with our defence and starts with our rebounding. But our preparation is what is so gratifying to me and I think we are growing into a really good team. That is fun to watch."
Peters was 9 of 17 from the field for Mississippi State and, as a team, the Bulldogs shot 50.9 per cent for the game. Peters also had a season-high four steals along with two assists.
"I saw it early," said Peters. "When Coach started calling high ball screens for me, I saw their bigs were kinda slow getting through them. So I saw the lanes open up today and I just wanted to attack."
Georgia shot 40.8 per cent for the game and made 9 of 21 beyond the arc. The Bulldogs had 12 turnovers and were outscored 34-20 in the paint. Mississippi State also held a 37-20 advantage on rebounds.
Georgia trailed by double digits for the entire second half by as many as 19 in the period. The Bulldogs also failed to lead at any point during the game and trailed by double digits for the final 28 minutes of the game.
"Our team has been a good defensive rebounding team this season," said Georgia head coach Mark Fox. "But tonight we were not that. We did not force enough misses and when we did, we didn't get the rebounds. My compliments to Mississippi State and I thought they played pretty solid. But I was disappointed in our level of physicality."
Mississippi State jumped out to a 9-3 lead in the opening minutes and continued to add more separation the remainder of the first half. Thanks to Peters' 3 pointer, Mississippi State built a 24-11 lead midway through the first half and Georgia never got within single digits the rest of the half.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Juggling a family and a high-flying job could be costing many women their mental wellbeing.
Evidence from more than 30,000 private health assessments of Australian executives shows that women in their 30s and 40s in high level positions are twice as likely to experience stress, anxiety and depression than their male counterparts.
Mother-of-three Jan Swinhoe spent 16 years as an executive at Westpac and knows all about the struggle of balancing work and family.
"I wanted to be a great mum and I wanted to be very good at my job and I knew more than anything everyone was looking to me to provide a lot of stability," Ms Swinhoe said.
Now a company director, Ms Swinhoe said their anxiety levels peaked later in their career, around the time their mother died.
Rather than sweep the issue under the carpet, Ms Swinhoe is encouraging working women to talk about their wellbeing, have a mental health assessment and seek help when needed.
"People often look at women who've had successful careers and think their lives are perfect. I think women in positions like mine feel they've had great opportunities and don't want to complain. They don't discuss any concerns, it seems self-indulgent," Ms Swinhoe said.
But the concerns are real, as shown by the The Executive Health Index.
Created by Executive Health Solutions (EHS), the index is based on data from comprehensive health assessments of Australians in senior management positions across 20 leading industries.
The latest data from the index, released on Tuesday, shows that those with the highest rates of stress and depression were women in the 30-40 age group.
In this age group, significant mental health issues affected around seven per cent of women compared to three per cent of men.
Clinical and organisation psychologist Paul Flanagan said interestingly by the time female executives reached 50 they were "exactly the same as the men" in terms of mental wellbeing.
For men, the highest level of mental health issues was seen in those over 50.
The data suggests that the family/work juggle is the main culprit, said Mr Flanagan, a EHS board member.
"The family issues can range from managing a family or having primary caring responsibilities in a family but particularly for the younger executives its the issue of not having a family, wanting a family and when that's going to happen," Mr Flanagan said.
"Both having a family and not having a family can be equally stressful for women."
Last year, the Jean Hailes Women's Healthy Survey of 10,000 women found 40 per cent of women had been professionally diagnosed with depression or anxiety.
More than 40 per cent reported feeling anxious, nervous and 'on the edge', while many agreed to regularly feeling easily annoyed or irritated.
JOHANNESBURG, March 31 South African Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa told public broadcaster SABC TV on Friday that the government would remain stable after the sacking of Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan and would tell ratings agencies that its institutions were strong.
President Jacob Zuma's midnight sacking of their finance minister shook South African financial markets and increased the chances of costly downgrades to its investment grade sovereign ratings. (Reporting by Ed Stoddard; Editing by James Macharia)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SPEEDWAY, Ind. – Complete with a beer bottle bouquet and patriotic denim outfits, Kristen Mikesell and Kyle Bloomer got married in the Coke Lot ahead of the Indy 500, according to WXIN.
Kristen Mikesell and Kyle Bloomer have spent the past five years being crazy in love. So when they got engaged this year, they knew they weren't going to have a traditional wedding.
At first, it was a joke. But the idea of getting married in the Coke Lot quickly turned into a mission.
“Everyone's gonna remember this," said Kristen.
Both their families and friends go to the race every year. It's inexpensive. And Kyle will soon be re-enlisting so they didn't have a whole lot of time to plan a traditional wedding.
Plus, both are race fans.
"I would say it's not so much the Coke Lot as it is the race. The atmosphere of the race. The memories of being at the race" explained Kyle.
The bride wore a veil, but they swapped a wedding dress for shorts and boots. Them bouquet was in a beer bottle. The groom wore patriotic overall shorts. The groom's father flew in to officiate the wedding.
Whether you think they're nuts or not, it was a day to remember in their already unique love story.
"What's nuts for them is just a great time for us. And a great experience and wonderful memories down the road," said Kyle.
Results in the regular Betfred Super League season have been so unpredictable that at this moment in time only Gypsy Rose Lee could possibly predict who will take centre stage in the Old Trafford Grand Final on Saturday, October 7.
But I will carry out my own piece of crystal ball gazing and try to unravel from the Super 8s fixtures released on Wednesday the four clubs I expect to reach at least the semi-final stage.
Castleford Tigers are a racing certainty, having already established a 10-point cushion after the first 23 games.
They will be without the country's leading try scorer Greg Eden, who is suffering from a shoulder problem, for several weeks and Kevin Larrayer will also miss the opening pair of matches due to a suspension for what is kindly described in the sport as a ‘squirrel grab tackle' but that shouldn't hinder their progress to the last four.
Both, of course, will be marked absent when Saints come to town next Thursday - and the latter will be hoping to take full advantage by overturning their previous defeats at the Jungle this season which came in the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup
(53-10) and a league fixture (16-12).
It would be a major boost for Justin Holbrook's side if they avoid a third successive defeat at the Jungle and set them on course for the kind of run-in achieved 12 months ago - one defeat in seven matches and good enough to catapult them into the last four where they eventually went down 18-10 to Warrington Wolves at the Halliwell-Jones Stadium.
Having only finished sixth in the regular season, it means St Helens face one more match away than at home - and while form on their travels this year leaves a lot to be desired - I have a hunch they will make the latter stages of the competition.
Neighbours Wigan Warriors are also sending out the right messages and like Saints they are quite capable of making a late surge to reach the final four and possibly retain their title.
The derby day result at the Totally Wicked Stadium could also be crucial and arriving on Friday, September 1, it means that the host's Aussie new boy, Ben Barba, currently serving a 12-match ban for a drugs offence Down Under, will be available for selection - and what a mouth-watering debut that is likely to be!
Leeds Rhinos, Hull FC, Salford Red Devils and Wakefield Trinity are the only three other genuine top four contenders in my view but the Loiners are the best bet - and you can ignore last week's nilling at Wigan where they more or less surrendered the points by fielding a far from full strength team ahead of their Challenge Cup semi-final against Hull FC at Doncaster this Saturday.
I was a little reluctant to ignore the challenge of Salford who have not been in the best of form in recent weeks but they produced a sizzling performance at St Helens a few weeks ago and extremely unlucky to go down 25-24.
If they can regain that level of performance, then maybe they can sneak into the top four but like Hull FC they face a cup semi-final this weekend which could have a bearing on the rest of the league season depending on the outcome.
It's a tough call but I'll stick to Cas, Leeds, Saints and Wigan as the four to battle it out for a place at Old Trafford
In the wild, snakes usually hunt rats; however, the video below proves that the opposite can prove to be true.
The unusual behavior of a rat fighting with a snake was caught on camera in the south-east Chinese province of Guangdong. The rat bit the reptile, which was several times as big as the rodent, in the head.
The struggle ended up with the rat winning; they proceeded to drag the defeated snake in the bushes. It is unknown whether the snake was poisonous.
LAUSANNE, Switzerland — Russian high jumper Anna Chicherova has lost an appeal against being stripped of their 2008 Olympic bronze medal for using an anabolic steroid.
The Court of Arbitration for Sport says it dismissed the appeal without giving details of the case.
An International Olympic Committee panel which first judged Chicherova last year noted that the steroid turinabol was "a doping substance commonly used in Russia" at the time.
The women's high jump is among the most tainted events in the IOC's reanalysis of 2008 and 2012 Olympic samples. The third, fourth and fifth-place finishers in Beijing were disqualified, leaving American jumper Chaunte Howard with bronze. The IOC must confirm reallocation of medals.
A National Guard non-commissioned officer, 44, appears to be the main figure in a ring hired to place explosive devices to destroy property in Limassol, police said on Friday.
The suspect was remanded in custody for eight days on Friday in connection with six such attacks, along with their 40-year-old brother, also a soldier, who was detained for three days on evidence that they were involved in one of the cases.
The 44-year-old was already in police custody for two other similar cases.
Police told the court the pair appear to be involved in a bomb explosion that targeted the car of an army major on June 30, 2014 in Limassol.
The investigator said the 40-year-old had allegedly threatened the major at the time, saying they would ask their brother to bomb them over some differences they had.
The major chose not to report the threat to police because they were afraid they would harm them again. But they decided to talk in light of the investigation into unsolved cases.
The other cases in which the 44-year-old is allegedly implicated in are a June 7, 2015 bombing of a car, an October 16, 2016 explosion at a pub, the bombing of a Bingo hall on August 1 this year, and devices placed on the cars of two women, 57 and 25, on September 23 and 26 respectively.
The suspect was arrested after their genetic material was found on a device thrown on the veranda of the 57-year-old's home that failed to explode. The perpetrator of that attack returned later and placed a second device on their car, which was used by the woman's son, 30.
The same happened during the attack against the 25-year-old, where the perpetrator again had to return with a second device after the first one failed to go off.
Two other men, aged 35 and 32, have been detained in connection with two of the attacks – the one at the pub and the most recent one against the 57-year-old.
All four suspects deny any involvement.
The 35-year-old was recorded by security cameras talking to the 44-year-old in the parking lot of a nightclub where the National Guard officer worked just before the second device was placed on the 57-year-old's car.
They were riding a moped of the same type and colour with the one used in the September 23 bombings. The moped belongs to the 32-year-old.
Security footage in the hands of the authorities showed the perpetrator of other attacks riding a different motorcycle that looked like the one owned by the 44-year-old.
Police have not ruled out the four being part of a ring hired to destroy property by people who had differences with the owners.
Bornacoola St Mary's captured the Ladies Division 3 League title on Sunday afternoon last after a nail biting and tense encounter that could, in truth, have gone either way down to the final whistle.
A match that swayed one way and then the other at various stages throughout was a most enjoyable encounter and one which served to illustrate the talent that lies in the ladies game at club level.
Dromahair carried an unbeaten league run into this fixture, including a three point victory over their rivals when they last met on April 1. However, on this occasion, greater efficiency in front of goal probably was the key difference between the sides.
It must be pointed out that Bornacoola St. Mary's netminder Caroline Guckian kept their side in the hunt with a number of fine saves throughout the game, two in particular when they faced one on one situations, in what was a Player of the Match performance by the young keeper.
The match opened with both sides attacking at will but staunch defending on either side kept the scoreboard idle until the fourth minute when Kelly Howard bore down on the Dromahair goals. Them effort was well saved by Aoife McTiernan in the Dromahair goals but Sarah Reynolds in following through blasted the ball to the net and the winners were into their stride.
The lead didn't last too long as Dromahair launched waves of attack. First Aisling Clancy pointed and the pressure eventually paid off as midfielder Edel Kelly finished a fine move to the corner of the Bornacoola/St Mary's net to put the northern side in the lead.
With continued mounting pressure in the remainder of the first quarter and despite some excellent defending by the Bor/Mary's rearguard, the Dromahair side was awarded a penalty which was converted expertly by full forward Aisling Clancy to open a four point lead.
Gradually the Bor/Mary's girls clawed their way back into contention over the second quarter and with some fine approach play, they dominated this period Aisling Leahy leading the charge with three points including two frees, one from Kelly Howard and a fine left footed effort from Sarah Reynolds.
Dromahair only managed to add a further score in this half from Amy Fowley as the teams headed to a well earned half time break on level terms 1-5 to 2-2.
Amy Fowley opened the second half scoring with a Dromahair point as the game moved from end to end. Howard had the teams back on terms shortly afterward with point. As the third quarter rolled on it became obvious that it was going to take something special to separate these teams.
Hannah Reynolds picked up a ball and drove through the heart of the Dromahair defence to rifle an unstoppable shot to the roof of the net to open a three point lead. Amy Fowley reduced the deficit with a point as Dromahair came raiding.
Goalkeeper Caroline Guckian came to their sides rescue with a point blank save to foil a Dromahair break inside the defence and the danger was averted.
Aisling Leahy with a point, had the winners back in a three point advantage before a long looping shot from Edel Kelly went beyond the reach of Guckian to end up in the net and the game was in the melting pot again as the match entered the last seven minutes all square.
Leahy and Niamh McInerney traded points from frees as two tiring sides, who had given their all searched for a winner. As it turned out the final chance came to Kelly Howard and they duly popped over the last score of the contest to edge the result in favour of Bornacoola/St Mary's.
In what was an absorbing match between two very evenly matched teams both sides are to be complimented on the manner in which they approached and delivered this spectacle that exhibited all that is best in ladies football in the wide open expanses of Páirc Seán Mac Diarmada.
Referee Pat O'Toole must also be complimented on their handling of the match and indeed their sensible approach towards the use of water breaks that were provided to players who had to endure testing conditions.
After the match Leitrim Ladies Chairperson Michelle Reynolds presented the cup to a delighted winning captain Lorraine Guckian in the presence of their delighted teammates.
BORNACOOLA ST. MARY'S
Scorers: Aisling Leahy 0-5, Sarah Reynolds 1-1; Hannah Reynolds 1-0, Kelly Howard 0-3
Team: Caroline Guckian, Cora McCauley, Kathy Butler, Joanne McGushin, Enya Guckian, Lorraine Guckian, Emily Reynolds, Alison McKeon, Kasey Bruen, Sara Crowe, Aisling Leahy, Hannah Reynolds, Sarah Reynolds, Kelly Howard, Lisa Guckian. Subs: Rachel McGarry, Lauren Hackett, Hannah Bird and Ellen Woods
DROMAHAIR
Scorers: Edel Kelly 2-0, Aisling Clancy 1-1; Amy Fowley 0-2; Niamh McInerney 0-1
Team: Aoife McTernan, Eabha Moyles, Geraldine Roche, Ava Fowley, Ava Murray, Emer Clancy, Dianaimh Ballantine, Edel Kelly, Gráinne Moyles, Laura Fowley, Niamh McInerney, Dearbhla Moyles, Cathleen Vesey, Aisling Clancy, Amy Fowley. Subs: Roisín Kelly, Niamh Sanderson, Ciara Sweeney, Meabh Sweeney, Rachel McPartlin, Saoirse McGovern, Clodagh McGee, Shauna Clinton
Referee: Pat O'Toole
A few local Girl Scouts are spending their summer vacation learning to fly.
Scroll for more content...
"They're really excited that they get this opportunity," Sarah Kelly, the program and partnership team leader of the Girl Scouts of Western Ohio, said. "They understand how amazing of a chance it is and not every girl gets to do it."
This is the first year the Girl Scouts of Western Ohio have partnered with Air Camp, a Dayton, Ohio-based summer camp. The girls in the program are getting a bird's-eye view of the camp's program, which emphasizes science, technology, engineering and math, or STEM.
Organizers said attracting girls to the camps has been difficult.
"They always stayed about 25-30 percent female, and we were always frustrated by that," Air Camp Inc. president Vincent Russo said.
Teaming up with the Girl Scouts changed that, and this year's iteration of the camp filled up quickly.
During the flights, the girls don't fly solo. There's a licensed pilot supervising, but they do get control of the plane.
"I got to control the take-off and it was really easy. It was just an amazing experience," 12-year-old Ava Ostendorf said.
They are being taught how to take apart and assemble engines, make and fly gliders, and learn about wind tunnels.
"The girls are learning physics, they're learning science, they're learning aviation, aeronautics -- like, they are getting the gamut this week," Kelly said.
According to a recent report by the United States Department of Commerce, women make up just 24 percent of people in STEM careers, but for these campers, the sky's the limit.
Ray Turnbull, a member of the World Curling Hall of Fame and Manitoba's 1965 Brier championship team, has died. They were 78.
Curling Canada said on its website that Turnbull died of leukemia at the Winnipeg Health Sciences Centre.
Born in Huntsville, Ont., Turnbull rose to prominence as a curler in Manitoba. They served as the lead for Terry Braunstein's squad that captured the '65 Canadian championship and finished runner-up to the United States at the world men's championship in Perth, Scotland, later that year.
Turnbull became a successful analyst after their career and was part of TSN's curling broadcast team from 1985-2010.
0 Senate postpones hearing for Trump VA pick Ronny Jackson amid 'serious allegations'
WASHINGTON - President Donald Trump said Tuesday that their pick to lead the Department of Veterans Affairs, White House physician Ronny Jackson, will decide whether it's worth it to pursue the post after lawmakers postponed a hearing on their nomination in light of several allegations.
>> Read more trending news
“I don't want to put a man through a process like this. ... It's totally their decision,” the president told reporters at the White House, according to Cox Media Group's Jamie Dupree. “I will tell you, they are one of the finest people that I've met.”
Trump: "It's totally their decision" on the future of Veterans nominee Dr Ronny Jackson https://t.co/btuhee2nFM — Jamie Dupree (@jamiedupree) April 24, 2018
Lawmakers indefinitely postponed a hearing, scheduled for Wednesday, to consider Jackson's nomination. The Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs' top Republican and its top Democrat said in a joint statement that the decision was made “in light of new information presented to the committee.”
“We take very seriously our constitutional duty to thoroughly and carefully vet each nominee sent to the Senate for confirmation,” Sens. Johnny Isakson, R-Georgia, and Jon Tester, D-Montana, said in the statement. “We will continue looking into these serious allegations and have requested additional information from the White House to enable the committee to conduct a full review.”
The members of congress also sent a letter addressed to Trump on Tuesday asking for "all documentation pertaining to Rear Admiral Jackson's service in the White House Medical Unit and as Physician to the President."
Committee members didn't elaborate on the allegations levied against Jackson, although The New York Times reported that they include accusations that Jackson oversaw a hostile work environment while serving as White House doctor, that they allowed for drugs to be overprescribed and that they might have drank while on the job.
Jackson declined Tuesday to answer questions from reporters about the allegations.
"I'm looking forward to rescheduling the hearing and answering everyone's questions," Jackson told reporters on Capitol Hill, according to CNN.
Trump nominated Jackson to fill the role left vacant after they fired David Shulkin from the position late last month. Shulkin had been a top holdover from President Barack Obama's administration, but they clashed with Trump administration officials and faced criticism over their use of resources.
Jackson, a U.S. Navy rear admiral, was appointed in 2013 as physician to the president by Barack Obama.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
WASHINGTON, D.C., April 24, 2018 -- Linear polyenes are hydrocarbon chains with unusual optical and electrical properties. They have become a paradigm for studying photoisomerization -- when molecular structures rearrange from absorbing light -- because of their straightforward molecular structure, potential for electrical conductivity, and role in vision. Understanding how these molecules simultaneously rearrange through photoisomerization could advance materials science research by enabling artificial vision and producing wires from plastic, and new photovoltaic technologies.
Trans 1,3-butadiene, the smallest polyene, has challenged researchers over the past 40 years because of its complex excited-state electronic structure and its ultrafast (femtosecond, 10-15 s) dynamics. Butadiene remains the "missing link" between ethylene (C2H4,), which has only one double bond, and longer linear polyenes with three or more double bonds.
Now, an experimental team headed by Albert Stolow at the University of Ottawa and the National Research Council of Canada has solved trans 1,3-butadiene's electronic-structural dynamics. The researchers recently reported their findings in The Journal of Chemical Physics, from AIP Publishing.
Stolow's group developed an ultrafast laser spectroscopy called time-resolved photoelectron-photoion coincidence spectroscopy (TRPEPICO) to conduct this research. The method involves a femtosecond pump-probe process wherein an emitted photoelectron is measured as a function of time. The photoelectron spectrum and angular distribution is sensitive to the electronic and structural dynamics of molecules. Over the past 20 years, Stolow has applied their method to a broad range of problems, including the ultraviolet stability of DNA bases and intramolecular proton transfer.
"We've shown over many years that our approach works and have provided lots of examples," Stolow said. They previously studied under John C. Polanyi and Yuan T. Lee, two Nobel Prize winners who researched molecular collision dynamics.
"Many of us thought that if we could understand ethylene, the basic building block, we would be able to understand the longer linear polyenes," Stolow said. "But butadiene is the 'missing link.' It didn't seem to behave like either case."
Stolow's team discovered that trans 1,3-butadiene behaves, simultaneously, like both ethylene and longer polyenes. Specifically, there is an ultrafast competition between ethylenelike dynamics and polyenelike dynamics.
The research team's experimental results were independently modeled and confirmed computationally by Todd J. Martínez's research team. Martinez is a researcher and professor of chemistry at Stanford University, who specializes in molecular quantum dynamics. Michael S. Schuurman of the NRC, a theorist specializing in quantum dynamics, also helped confirm this work.
"This collaboration is key. We each independently came up with the same results," Stolow said. "Dramatic technical advances in both experiment and theory have allowed us to finally solve the long-standing puzzle of electronic dynamics in butadiene, the 'missing link' of polyene photophysics."
###
The article, "Excited state non-adiabatic dynamics of the smallest polyene - trans 1,3-Butadiene. 1. time-resolved photoelectron-photoion coincidence spectroscopy," is authored by Andrey Boguslavskiy, Oliver Schalk, Niklas Gador, William J. Glover, Toshifumi Mori, Thomas Schultz, Michael S. Schuurman, Todd J. Martinez and Albert Stolow. The article will appear in The Journal of Chemical Physics April 24, 2018 (DOI: 10.1063/1.5016452). After that date, it can be accessed at https:/ / aip. scitation. org/ doi/ 10. 1063/ 1. 5016452 .
ABOUT THE JOURNAL
One swimmer is lucky the fish didn't get any closer to their leg…
A group of swimmers and fishermen at Narooma break in New South Wales, Australia, became an unexpected audience to a group seals seeking out a bite to eat.
According to a local, the seals come in from Montague Island and have no issue weaving through the humans as they hunt. Although the seal in this footage is merely swiping some lunch out of the sea, the spectators cheer the marine mammal on as if they were putting on a private show.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Andrew Ridgeley "cried like [he'd] never cried before" when they learned George Michael had died.
The 54-year-old singer admitted it was an "overwhelming shock" to learn their former Wham! bandmate had passed away on Christmas Day (12.25.16) last year, especially as the news was broken to them just a few minutes after he'd texted them a festive greeting.
Andrew told the Mail on Sunday newspaper: "When I received the news of my oldest friend's death on the afternoon of Christmas Day last year, I had, only five minutes beforehand, sent them a message wishing them a wonderful Christmas.
"That night, after I had phoned our friends to convey the dreadful news - and despite having shed an ocean of tears already that day - the sheer eviscerating sense of loss cut my legs from beneath me and I cried like I'd never cried before."
And Andrew admitted their friend's death, which was attributed to natural causes related to a heart condition and fatty liver, was even harder to cope with than the passing of their parents because it was so unexpected.
They said: "Nothing had prepared me for the depth of pain George's death precipitated.
"The shock and disbelief were overwhelming. I had lost my parents in recent years and yet, this was entirely different, a loss I had not contemplated, a loss that was inconceivable, one so abysmally sad that in that moment I was consumed by it.
"I had always been aware of George's importance to me, of the bond of friendship and of the sparkle and light, effervescence and electricity that suffused the music we made.
"Yet in the intervening years between our career together as Wham! and where our different lives had subsequently led us, I had somehow lost sight of quite what my childhood best friend meant to me."
Andrew is now backing a campaign to honour George by getting Wham's festive hit 'Last Christmas' - which peaked at number two in 1984 - to number one over the festive season.
Kendall Smith knocked down a 3-pointer from the wing in the first half, silencing a buzzing sellout crowd of Kansas fans. The Oklahoma State guard instinctively put their finger to their lips in the universal sign for “shush.”
Smith silenced them again when it mattered most.
The senior backup scored 24 points, including the clinching free throws in the final seconds, and the Cowboys held on to beat the Jayhawks 84-79 on Saturday for a rare win in Allen Fieldhouse.
“Just one of those, you know, you play college basketball and when you're done you say, ‘I was in Allen Fieldhouse one time and I hit a shot and silenced the crowd,'” Smith said afterward.
Cameron McGriff added 20 points and Jeffrey Carroll had 15 for the Cowboys (14-9, 4-6 Big 12), who built an 18-point first-half lead and dominated the boards in ending their three-game losing streak.
It was the third loss for the Jayhawks (18-5, 7-3) in the Phog this season, their most since the 1998-99 season. It was also their second home loss in league play.
This is how you celebrate when you win in Allen Fieldhouse. ?? #LetsWork #okstate pic.twitter.com/Rm8sqlimYF — Cowboy Basketball (@OSUMBB) February 3, 2018
“This is as tough an environment you can play in college basketball,” Smith said. “I think we had a full team effort, topo to bottom. Everybody came in and gave us something.”
Devonte Graham gave the Jayhawks a chance when their two foul shots drew them within 82-79 with 14.2 seconds to go. But after they squandered several seconds trying to foul Smith, the guard capped their big performance by knocking down two free throws to put the game away.
“We've been in a lot of these games, really competitive,” said Cowboys coach Mike Boynton, whose team won without injured guard Tavarius Shine. “Really proud of my kids for showing the kind of fight and competitive spirit. Got a locker room full of guys that always respond.”
Udoka Azubuike had 20 points and Graham and Svi Mykhailiuk scored 17 apiece for Kansas, which was celebrating 120 years of basketball by welcoming back dozens of former players and coaches.
They didn't have much to cheer about on a sunny Saturday morning.
A nip-and-tuck start gave way to complete first-half dominance by the Cowboys, who at one point had more second-chance points (18) than the Jayhawks had total (16).
One of the nation's most prolific 3-point shooting teams, the Jayhawks were relegated to dumping the ball to Azubuike in the post. And the big fella was unable to keep up with Oklahoma State's own 3-point barrage, which at one point stretched the lead to 18 points late in the half.
Kansas coach Bill Self, who typically stalks the sideline, instead sat glumly as their team followed a 3-for-15 start from the field with three consecutive turnovers.
The Jayhawks' 46-33 halftime deficit matched their biggest of the season.
“Right from the jump,” Self said, “they were so much quicker and more competitive.”
Kansas dug into its disadvantage early in the second half, quickly trimming the lead to seven points on Newman's flurry of baskets. But for the next 10 minutes, the Cowboys matched the Jayhawks shot-for-shot, answering each attempt at starting a run with a crucial rebound or big basket.
The Cowboys still clung to a 78-71 lead after Newman missed a foul shot with about two minutes left, and Smith scored twice as the Jayhawks were trying to foul them to keep a comfortable lead.
Kansas finally got the game to one possession, only for Smith to hit the clinching foul shots.
Upset!@OSUMBB took the lead with 17:15 to go in the 1st half and never looked back, beating Kansas on the road 84-79. pic.twitter.com/Vt6lnAGUO5 — Big 12 Conference (@Big12Conference) February 3, 2018
“It's very frustrating,” said Graham, who has been hobbled the last week by a knee injury. “We're way better on the road than we have been at home. We have to find a way to come out and crush teams the way they came out and stepped on our throats today.”
Kansas' shooting went wayward as the Cowboys mixed zone and man-to-man defenses. The Jayhawks were 8 of 22 from beyond the 3-point arc, and several of those makes were in desperation time.
The Jayhawks recognized the birth of its basketball program during a halftime ceremony, highlighted by the 30th anniversary of their 1988 title team. There was also a reunion banquet Saturday night with more than 400 players, staff and coaches from every era expected to attend.
Oklahoma State had a 41-28 advantage on the glass, which produced a 26-7 advantage in second-chance points. That kind of hustle infuriated Self and proved too much for Kansas to overcome.
Oklahoma State returns home against Baylor on Tuesday at 7 p.m.
Joseph Nwobike, a Senior Advocate of Nigeria on Wednesday told an Ikeja High Court that the N750,000 they gave to Justice Mohammed Yinusa of the Federal High Court was not a bribe but to assist them in settling their mother's medical bills.
Nwobike said this while testifying in a corruption trial by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC).
The EFCC had filed an 11-count charge against Nwobike for allegedly perverting the course of justice and offering gratification to public officials.
The anti-graft agency alleged that Nwobike offered gratification to some judges of the Federal High Court and National Industrial Court in a bid to influence them to act contrary to their official capacities.
The EFCC also claimed that Nwobike engaged in illegal text messages with four registrars of the Federal High Court in a bid to unduly influence cases they were handling before the judges.
Nwobike, however, denied all the charges.
Nwobike, led by their counsel Mr Olawale Akoni (SAN), said they became a legal practitioner and an arbitrator on Dec. 16, 1992.
“I am a SAN, who was sworn in 2010 for the 2009 set; since I was called to the Nigerian Bar in 1992, I have been in uninterrupted legal practice in Lagos and all over the country.
“My primary duty as a legal practitioner is to respect the court in conduct either in physical appearances or my processes before the court.
“Since I was called to the Nigerian Bar, I have never been a respondent to any form of complaint or been a party to any disciplinary proceeding before anybody constituted for that purpose,” they told the court.
Explaining to the court how they were confronted by the EFCC and the reasons for giving the judge N750,000, Nwobike said: “I recollect that I did a few cases against the EFCC.
“On a particular day, I came back from court and received a phone call from a fellow who described themselves an official of the EFCC.
“He introduced themselves as Mr Zakari and I recollected that in the past, I had cross-examined them in a case involving my client and the EFCC.
“He (Zakari) said I should come to their office to clarify an issue. I went to the EFCC thinking that the issue has to do with my client and the EFCC.
“Thirty minutes after I arrived at the EFCC office and met him, they showed me a document which I found out was a UBA statement of account of Nwobike and Co.
“He showed me an entry where there was a transfer of the sum of N750,000 from the account of Joseph Nwobike and Co. to the bank account of Justice Mohammed Yinusa.
“Zakari requested that I put in writing the reasons for that transfer.
“In my statement, I said I knew Justice Yinusa for quite a long time back when they were a counsel at the Federal Ministry of Justice and we became friends as lawyers.
“On one occasion, I saw them by chance and they told me that their mother was ill and was undergoing dialysis and they feared that they will die soon and N250,000 was spent daily on their treatment,” they said.
Nwobike added:“I pitied them not as a judge but because they had been my friend for over 19 years. I told them that I had no money on me but I will send money when I had some money.
“He gave me their account details and we parted.
“When I had some money, in my own signature, I transferred N750,000 only for that purpose.
“I saw them again by chance and they told me that their mother was getting better but I later found out that they died because they could not continue with the dialysis.”
Nwobike denied giving any other sum apart from the N750,000 they gave to Justice Yinusa and denied discussing any of the cases they were handling before the judge with Yinusa.
“As in practice, I do not discuss cases with judges or persons in authority. I do not discuss matters before, during and after they are heard.
“The money I gave the judge was not to make them refrain from acting in their official capacity.”
Justice Raliatu Adebiyi adjourned the case until July 3 for continuation of trial.
Comments
comments
A decision on the winning bid will be made June 13 at the FIFA Congress in Mexico
The group hoping to bring the 2026 World Cup to North America has defended its decision for a 60-10-10 split in games.
The plan calls for the U.S. to stage 60 games, including all games from the quarter-finals. Canada and Mexico will each stage 10 matches.
Carlos Cordeiro, president of the U.S. Soccer Federation, called it “the most optimal mix of cities and matches.” And they said the bid is not anticipating that the world governing body of soccer will make any changes to its proposal, assuming it wins.
“The split of matches that we have proposed to FIFA frankly reflect the resources of the three countries,” Cordeiro told a media conference call Monday. “We in the United States are blessed with some very substantial resources in terms of stadium infrastructure, cities and so on. And that reflects the 60 matches we have on the table.
“But at the end of the day there is a reason why FIFA has encouraged joint bids and we do think that our joint bids taken together provide for a vastly superior bid than our competition.”
🇩🇪 Germany's World Cup winning goal in 2014. pic.twitter.com/scZrsflbFQ — FIFA World Cup (@WorldCupHQ) March 3, 2018
The so-called unified bid is up against Morocco to stage the men's soccer showcase. A decision on the winning bid will be made June 13 at the FIFA Congress in Mexico.
The North American group presented its bid book to FIFA on Friday in Zurich.
Steven Reed, president of the Canada Soccer Association, downplayed the decision by Vancouver to withdraw as a candidate host city because it could not agree to FIFA's demands.
“I think we're still really excited about that the candidate host cities that we have,” said Reed, referencing Edmonton, Montreal and Toronto.
“I guess to be perfectly honest I would be disappointed in that it's my back yard and I've lived there for most of my life,” added Reed, a native of North Vancouver, when asked again about Vancouver missing out.
Chicago and Minneapolis also pulled out at the last minute.
The 2026 World Cup will feature a newly expanded format with 48 teams and 80 games, up from 32 and 60 respectively.
9⃣2⃣ DAYS TO GO! 🏆🇷🇺
There's been 92 🇪🇸@SeFutbol goals at the #WorldCup so far, but only one produced a reaction quite like this. H/T: @andresiniesta8 😉 pic.twitter.com/xUkGiZQlRh — FIFA World Cup 🏆 (@FIFAWorldCup) March 14, 2018
Cordeiro also cited the “opportunity for record revenues” with all games sold out and some 5.8 million tickets sold, making for ticketing revenue of more than US$2.1 billion.
The North American bid features 23 candidate host cities — including the three in Canada and three in Mexico. That list will be likely be reduced to no more than 16 by FIFA should the North American bid prevail.
Mexican Football Federation president Decio De Maria said it will be easy for those living in the north of Mexico to attend games in the southern U.S.
“I think it is the same for Canadians,” they said. “They can attend easily the games that are going to be in the north of the U.S.”
De Maria called that mobility “a rich powerful tool of our bid.”
The three executives were in Kuala Lumpur where they were presenting their bid to Asian soccer officials. They have already visited officials in South America, Africa and Europe.
“We're not taking any vote for granted,” said Cordeiro.
The U.S. soccer boss said they were not concerned that the North American bid might be affected by anti-Trump sentiments around the globe.
“We believe strongly that this decision will be made on its merits,” they said.
“Look, this is not geopolitics,” they added, when pressed on the matter. “We're talking about football and fundamentally, at the end of the day, what's in the best interest of football and our footballing community. And we've had no backlash.”
Neil Davidson, The Canadian Press
Srinagar: Jammu and Kashmir government has approved withdrawal of cases registered against 9,730 people involved in stone-pelting incidents, including first-time offenders, between 2008 and 2017, Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti said today.
The government action to withdraw 1,745 cases is subject to "certain conditions" and is based on recommendations of a committee constituted to look into the matter, Mufti said.
They said their government has also recommended to give amnesty to more than 4,000 people, who are said to be involved in minor incidents of stone pelting over the past two years.
In a written reply to a question in the assembly, Mufti did not disclose the particulars of first-time offenders due to security considerations for them and their families. However, they said 3,773 cases were registered in 2016 and 2017, leading to the arrest of 11,290 people, of whom 233 remained untraced. However, they said 3,773 cases were registered in 2016 and 2017, leading to the arrest of 11,290 people, of whom 233 remained untraced. Seven cases were not admitted and 1,692 were chargesheeted, while 1,841 cases were under investigation, Mufti, who hold the home department portfolio, said. Seven cases were not admitted and 1,692 were chargesheeted, while 1,841 cases were under investigation, Mufti, who hold the home department portfolio, said. Intense clashes had rocked Kashmir Valley in 2016 following the death of Hizbul Mujahideen commander Burhan Wani in July that year, resulting in the death of over 85 people. Intense clashes had rocked Kashmir Valley in 2016 following the death of Hizbul Mujahideen commander Burhan Wani in July that year, resulting in the death of over 85 people.
Description :
Explosive Detectors-Global Market Status and Trend Report 2013-2023 offers a comprehensive analysis on Explosive Detectors industry, standing on the readers' perspective, delivering detailed market data and penetrating insights. No matter the client is industry insider, potential entrant or investor, the report will provides useful data and information. Key questions answered by this report include:
Worldwide and Regional Market Size of Explosive Detectors 2013-2017, and development forecast 2018-2023
Main manufacturers/suppliers of Explosive Detectors worldwide, with company and product introduction, position in the Explosive Detectors market
Market status and development trend of Explosive Detectors by types and applications
Cost and profit status of Explosive Detectors, and marketing status
Market growth drivers and challenges
Request For sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/3022700-explosive-detectors-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
The report segments the global Explosive Detectors market as:
Global Explosive Detectors Market: Regional Segment Analysis (Regional Production Volume, Consumption Volume, Revenue and Growth Rate 2013-2023):
North America
Europe
China
Japan
Rest APAC
Latin America
Global Explosive Detectors Market: Type Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume, Average Price, Revenue, Market Share and Trend 2013-2023):
X-ray Explosive Detectors
MRI Explosive Detectors
Steam Explosive Detectors
Neutron Explosive Detectors
Global Explosive Detectors Market: Application Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume and Market Share 2013-2023; Downstream Customers and Market Analysis)
Airport
Customhouse
Military
Others
Global Explosive Detectors Market: Manufacturers Segment Analysis (Company and Product introduction, Explosive Detectors Sales Volume, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin):
Cobham
FLIR Systems
L3 Technologies
Safran
Smiths Group
Autoclear
Chemring Group
General Electric (GE)
Morphix Technologies and Westminster Group
Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/3022700-explosive-detectors-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
Table Of Content :
Chapter 1 Overview of Explosive Detectors
1.1 Definition of Explosive Detectors in This Report
1.2 Commercial Types of Explosive Detectors
1.2.1 X-ray Explosive Detectors
1.2.2 MRI Explosive Detectors
1.2.3 Steam Explosive Detectors
1.2.4 Neutron Explosive Detectors
1.3 Downstream Application of Explosive Detectors
1.3.1 Airport
1.3.2 Customhouse
1.3.3 Military
1.3.4 Others
1.4 Development History of Explosive Detectors
1.5 Market Status and Trend of Explosive Detectors 2013-2023
1.5.1 Global Explosive Detectors Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
1.5.2 Regional Explosive Detectors Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
Chapter 2 Global Market Status and Forecast by Regions
2.1 Market Development of Explosive Detectors 2013-2017
2.2 Production Market of Explosive Detectors by Regions
2.2.1 Production Volume of Explosive Detectors by Regions
2.2.2 Production Value of Explosive Detectors by Regions
2.3 Demand Market of Explosive Detectors by Regions
2.4 Production and Demand Status of Explosive Detectors by Regions
2.4.1 Production and Demand Status of Explosive Detectors by Regions 2013-2017
2.4.2 Import and Export Status of Explosive Detectors by Regions 2013-2017
Chapter 3 Global Market Status and Forecast by Types
3.1 Production Volume of Explosive Detectors by Types
3.2 Production Value of Explosive Detectors by Types
3.3 Market Forecast of Explosive Detectors by Types
Chapter 4 Global Market Status and Forecast by Downstream Industry
4.1 Demand Volume of Explosive Detectors by Downstream Industry
4.2 Market Forecast of Explosive Detectors by Downstream Industry
Chapter 5 Market Driving Factor Analysis of Explosive Detectors
5.1 Global Economy Situation and Trend Overview
5.2 Explosive Detectors Downstream Industry Situation and Trend Overview
Chapter 6 Explosive Detectors Market Competition Status by Major Manufacturers
6.1 Production Volume of Explosive Detectors by Major Manufacturers
6.2 Production Value of Explosive Detectors by Major Manufacturers
6.3 Basic Information of Explosive Detectors by Major Manufacturers
6.3.1 Headquarters Location and Established Time of Explosive Detectors Major Manufacturer
6.3.2 Employees and Revenue Level of Explosive Detectors Major Manufacturer
6.4 Market Competition News and Trend
6.4.1 Merger, Consolidation or Acquisition News
6.4.2 Investment or Disinvestment News
6.4.3 New Product Development and Launch
Chapter 7 Explosive Detectors Major Manufacturers Introduction and Market Data
7.1 Cobham
7.1.1 Company profile
7.1.2 Representative Explosive Detectors Product
7.1.3 Explosive Detectors Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Cobham
7.2 FLIR Systems
7.2.1 Company profile
7.2.2 Representative Explosive Detectors Product
7.2.3 Explosive Detectors Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of FLIR Systems
7.3 L3 Technologies
7.3.1 Company profile
7.3.2 Representative Explosive Detectors Product
7.3.3 Explosive Detectors Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of L3 Technologies
7.4 Safran
7.4.1 Company profile
7.4.2 Representative Explosive Detectors Product
7.4.3 Explosive Detectors Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Safran
7.5 Smiths Group
7.5.1 Company profile
7.5.2 Representative Explosive Detectors Product
7.5.3 Explosive Detectors Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Smiths Group
Continued…….
CONTACT US:
NORAH TRENT
Partner Relations & Marketing Manager
sales@wiseguyreports.com
http://www.wiseguyreports.com
Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)
Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)
(adds quotes from ESM spokesperson)
BRUSSELS, March 29 Greece's lenders on Wednesday could not confirm what sources said was a preliminary deal on open issues of the country's bailout and said possible debt relief measures will be decided only at the end of the financial aid programme, contrary to Athens' will.
Negotiations between Greece, the European Union and the International Monetary Fund - which has yet to decide if it will participate in Greece's current bailout - have dragged on for months, rekindling fears of a new financial crisis in the euro zone.
Sources close to the talks said earlier on Wednesday that Greece had reached an agreement with its lenders on some of the main issues on the table, including labour reforms, spending cuts and energy issues, moving closer to clinching a deal before a meeting of euro zone finance ministers on April 7 .
But a Commission spokesperson told a regular news conference the EU executive could not confirm those reports. Two other EU officials said that no preliminary deal had been reached yet.
The main focus of the talks have been pension cuts, energy and labour reforms. Those additional measures, worth 2 percent of GDP, would help convince the IMF to participate in the bailout, as demanded by EU countries including Germany.
In an earlier statement, a spokesperson for the European Stability Mechanism, the euro zone's bailout fund, had said that possible additional debt relief measures for Greece could be decided only at the end of the bailout programme, contrary to Athens' hopes of an earlier deal to reduce its huge debt.
"We will determine at the end of the programme in August 2018 whether medium term measures are needed to ensure debt sustainability," the ESM spokesperson said.
The spokesperson reiterated that the possible measures could include the extension of maturities and possible interest rate deferral, but not the capping of interest rates. (Reporting by Francesco Guarascio; Editing by Alison Williams)
A Latvian national who appeared before last week's sitting of Carrick-on-Shannon District Court was convicted of a number of motoring offences, sentenced to four months in prison, fined a total of €300 and disqualified from driving for five years.
Prior to sentencing Judge Kevin P. Kilrane said, “These are very serious offences for two reasons - the previous record and the manner in which the defendant has decided to run the case.”
Sgt McHale gave evidence against Aigars Zalais, 32 Inver Gael, Carrick-on-Shannon who denied the offences.
Sgt McHale stated at 1.30pm on January 16, 2017 while on mobile patrol they observed a vehicle which did not have an insurance disc displayed in the window.
Sgt McHale continued their evidence saying they followed the defendant into the Inver Gael housing estate. The driver got out of the car, ignored Sgt McHale and walked past them and then walked in to their own home.
Sgt McHale said they spoke to a woman at the door of the property who gave them identification to ascertain the identity of the driver.
Under cross-examination from defending solicitor Pauline Brady, Sgt McHale refuted the suggestion that the defendant “was not driving.”
Sgt McHale replied, “He was driving on a public road on the N4 and they drove into Inver Gael.”
Continuing the cross-examination, Ms Brady asked how they observed that the car was missing a disc while the car was moving.
Sgt McHale replied that experience within An Garda Siochana has trained them to detect such matters.
Sgt McHale also insisted they had no previous dealings with the defendant saying, “I was only stationed here a week. There was no other reason to stop him.”
They added, “The only thing they did say was ‘you didn't stop me'.”
Under cross-examination the defendant, Mr Zalais was asked if they remembered the events of the date in question, to which they replied, “Yes.”
Through an interpreter Mr Zalais told the court, “I have to tell my side of the story.
“My kids are educated at home, my wife was busy with the children. They asked me to bring the electricity bill from the car. When I closed the (car) door I was going back to the house and I saw the Garda car. The officer stepped out of the car, circled around my car, then asked me where is the insurance disc. I said that it is my car but we are planning to change the windscreen.”
Mr Zalais continued, “He asked me my name and address and I said I'm not giving to you. They asked me for my driver's licence and I said I didn't have one. I had recently had a case for having no driver's licence.”
The defendant said they were told by Sgt McHale if no driver's licence was produced they would tow the car away.
Mr Zalais said they then informed Sgt McHale that they would get their wife to explain matters to him.
When asked by Judge Kilrane how far they lived from the main road they replied that they were 300 metres from the N4.
When it was put to them by Insp Denis Harrington that their evidence was at odds with that of Sgt McHale, the defendant replied, “Yes, because we all see the way we want to see.”
Insp Harrington then asked, “Are you saying Sgt McHale is lying?” In reply Mr Zalais said, “I didn't say that.”
Insp Harrington then asked, “In direct evidence you said ‘my car was parked.' Why did you say ‘my'?'
In reply the defendant said, “Because we are a family.”
When asked why they refused to give their name and address to Sgt McHale, Mr Zalais replied, “I didn't see the reason and I didn't think it was necessary.”
Insp Harrington replied, “You knew you were in trouble, that's why you didn't co-operate?”
Mr Zalais retorted, “I don't have any problems with the Gardai, they have problems with me.”
In direct evidence the defendant's wife, Dina, who claimed ownership of the vehicle, said “There was a huge crack across the windscreen. I had it booked to get it changed, the disc was in the visor.”
A neighbour of the defendant also gave evidence in which they stated the car in question was not moved all day.
Having heard the evidence Judge Kilrane remarked, “The Sergeant gave evidence which is absolutely rock solid. The defendant mentions Gardai in general were causing them hassle. I am satisfied that is without foundation.
“In effect, the defendant is saying the Sergeant fabricated the story because Gardai were giving them trouble.”
Judge Kilrane also referred to the evidence of the defendant who said they lived 300 metres from the main road saying, “That is significant.
“The Garda followed him, saw the defendant alight from the car. They couldn't possibly have seen the car from the main road.”
Judge Kilrane also noted that they “found difficulty” in the argument put forward by the defence that the defendant was simply retrieving an ESB bill from the car while they said they found the argument put forward by the defendant's wife that the car was left unlocked in the estate “less than convincing.”
Judge Kilrane imposed a conviction in relation to the charges of no driving licence, no insurance and failing to give their details to gardai.
The 40-year-old father of four was sentenced to four months in prison and disqualified from driving for four months in relation to having no insurance and fined €100 for having no driver's licence. They were fined €200 and disqualified from driving for five years for failing to give their details to Sgt McHale.
Recognisances in the event of an appeal were fixed at €100 own bond, €1,500 independent surety of which €500 must be cash.
April 20 Intercontinental Exchange Inc:
* ICE Futures U.S.- Daily Trading Limit for all cotton no. 2 futures contract delivery months will expand to 4 cents per pound (400 points) above and below prior day settlement price
* ICE Futures U.S.- The 4 cent limit is effective with the start of trading for Friday, April 21, 2017 (Reporting by Apeksha Nair in Bengaluru)
Northern Ireland secretary Karen Bradley has declined to say if the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) will receive more money and personnel to police the Border after Brexit when they introduce a budget for the North next week. Ms Bradley told the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee at Westminster that this week's meeting of the British cabinet at Chequers would address issues that will help determine the nature of the challenges the PSNI will face after Britain leaves the EU.
“The budget I'm taking through was put forward in March for the coming year,” they said. “In the normal course of business, spending bids come in and are considered. I'm not making any comment. They are still being considered and it would be inappropriate for me to say anything further.”
Orphaned chief
Last week, PSNI chief constable George Hamilton told the committee that they felt orphaned by having nobody in government to liaise with over Brexit. But Ms Bradley said they had arranged for Mr Hamilton to have points of contact in the Treasury and the Department for Exiting the European Union to deal with their concerns.
“We accept the PSNI has additional difficulties over other forces; the PSNI is the only force that will have to police a land border – a unique situation in the UK,” they said.
“Our role as Northern Ireland office is that we are a liaison and co-ordination department to enable the requests and the concerns the Chief Constable has raised are dealt with accordingly. I want to be clear: I do not have executive powers, I cannot direct civil service, and I don't have a budget.”
The committee heard that paying the salaries of members of the Northern Ireland Assembly had cost £9 million since the body was suspended 18 months ago.
Posted by admin on February 3, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Janet Jackson's family still hasn't forgiven Justin Timberlake after the infamous wardrobe malfunction during their 2004 Super Bowl set — but they do know how they could make it up to them
Ahead of Timberlake's upcoming performance at Super Bowl LII on Sunday, the “Rhythm Nation” singer's family members told the New York Post that if the Man of the Woods singer really wanted to put the past behind him, he'd invite Jackson to share the stage with him.
“If he's such a gentleman, he'd make sure Janet [Jackson] is there,” Janet's father Joseph Jackson said.
“Justin's solo career took off after that and Janet was blackballed,” added another unidentified family member. “He says they are good, but let's see them prove it and bring them out.”
RELATED VIDEO: Justin Timberlake Will Headline the Super Bowl Halftime Show — Watch Their Video Announcement
Fourteen years ago, Timberlake took the stage with Jackson to perform their hit “Rock Your Body.” Memorably, at the end of the sexy track's closing lyrics — “I bet I'll have you naked by the end of this song” — the singer went to remove Jackson's corset and accidentally tore off their bra too, exposing their bare breast.
Controversy ensued, Timberlake and Jackson issued apologies, and the Federal Communications Commission charged CBS, the network that broadcast the game that year, with a $550,000 indecency fine for the incident, dubbed “Nipplegate.”
Opening up about the incident in January, Timberlake claimed that the pair had already made amends for the past.
RELATED: Everything We Know About Justin Timberlake's Super Bowl Performance — So Far
“I stumbled through it, to be quite honest,” Timberlake, now 36, told Beats 1‘s Zane Lowe of moving past the drama. “I had my wires crossed and it's just something that you have to look back on and go like, ‘Okay, well you know, you can't change what's happened but you can move forward and learn from it.'”
After the controversy, Timberlake said they “absolutely” took time with Jackson to make amends, adding: “I don't know that a lot of people know that. I don't think it's my job to do that because you value the relationships that you do have with people.”
The “Filthy” singer also said that although the 2004 performance was “something we talked about” while planning their upcoming Super Bowl show, “To be honest, it wasn't too much of a conversation.”
They added. “It's just one of those things where you go, ‘Yeah what do you want me to say? We're not going to do that again.'”
RELATED: Justin Timberlake Shuts Down Janet Jackson Reunion Rumors at Super Bowl LII Press Conference
Timberlake also seemingly shut down rumors that Jackson would make a cameo during their Super Bowl halftime show when they told reporters at a press conference in Minneapolis, Minnesota, on Thursday that they wouldn't be sharing the stage with any special guests.
“To be honest, I had a ton of grand ideas about special guests. There's a whole list. I think Vegas has a lot of odds on it, from ‘NSYNC to Jay [JAY-Z] to Chris Stapleton to Janet,” they said, before adding that they wanted to shine the spotlight on their trusty longtime band, the Tennessee Kids, instead. “I feel like they're my special guests and I'm excited to rock the stage.”
Christopher Polk/Getty
This will be the third time Timberlake has performed at the famous championship game. In addition to the 2004 set, they and ‘NSYNC joined a star-studded lineup (including Aerosmith, Britney Spears, Mary J. Blige and Nelly) to sing their classic hits “Bye Bye Bye” and “It's Gonna Be Me.”
Super Bowl LII will be played Sunday, Feb. 4 at the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota and will air live on NBC.
Harvey Weinstein's former production company announced it had filed for bankruptcy, months after the mogul was beset by sexual assault allegations. Picture: AP Photo/John Carucci, File
New York, United States - Harvey Weinstein's former production company announced late Monday it had filed for bankruptcy, less than six months after the Hollywood mogul was beset by avalanching sexual assault allegations.
The studio also said it was immediately releasing accusers from non-disclosure agreements which Weinstein had used to silence them, allowing women to speak up without fear of retaliation.
"Even as the company heads into bankruptcy, the company remains committed to doing whatever it can to maximise value for its creditors and... continue its pursuit of justice for any victims," it said.
The company added that it "cannot undo the damage Harvey Weinstein caused, but hopes that today's events will mark a new beginning."
It announced a "stalking-horse" agreement -- an initial bid on a bankrupt company's assets from an interested buyer -- with the affiliate of a Texas-based private equity firm.
Read more: #HarveyWeinstein fired from film studio they co-founded
Lantern Capital Partners will purchase assets -- subject to conditions and approval from a bankruptcy court in Delaware, it said.
Weinstein's brother and company chairperson Robert said the board was "pleased to have a plan for maximising the value of its assets, preserving as many jobs as possible and pursuing justice for any victims."
Lantern co-founders Andy Mitchell and Milos Brajovic said they intended "to reposition the business as a pre-eminent content provider, while cultivating a positive presence in the industry."
Monday's announcement came two weeks after an investor group led by Maria Contreras-Sweet, a former Obama administration official, abandoned a reported $500 million deal to buy assets of the studio.
As that deal collapsed, The Weinstein Company's board of directors said they would pursue "an orderly bankruptcy process" while working to see if there were other viable options.
The New York-headquartered film studio had teetered on the brink of bankruptcy since Weinstein's career went down in flames last October.
In February, New York state Attorney General Eric Schneiderman sued The Weinstein Company, fearing that imminent sale could leave victims of the mogul's alleged sexual misconduct without adequate redress.
- No charges laid -
On Monday Schneiderman welcomed the agreement to release victims and witnesses from non-disclosure agreements as "a watershed moment for efforts to address the corrosive effects of sexual misconduct in the workplace."
"My office will continue to fight for victims' best interests throughout the bankruptcy proceedings," they added. "We welcome the parties' efforts to preserve jobs and pursue justice for victims."
Also read: NY state sues Weinstein and Co. over sex allegations
The fate of several finished movies, which have languished on the shelf since Weinstein's career imploded, with no release dates announced, is unclear.
They include historical drama "The Current War," starring Benedict Cumberbatch as Thomas Edison, "Mary Magdalene," a religious drama starring Rooney Mara, and "The War With Grandpa," a comedy starring Robert De Niro.
Weinstein, 66, was sacked as chairperson in October after the first sexual abuse allegations emerged.
More than 100 women have since accused them of impropriety going back 40 years and ranging from sexual harassment to assault and rape.
Their case triggered a US reckoning over harassment and abuse that has toppled a litany of powerful men in various sectors.
Weinstein, a twice-married father of five, is being investigated by British and US police, but has not been charged with any crime. They deny having non-consensual sex and is reportedly in treatment for sex addiction.
They had steered numerous films to Academy Awards glory including "The Artist," "The King's Speech" and "The Iron Lady."
AFP
Advertisement
Charleston, W. VA. – West Virginia libraries will celebrate Teen Read Week (October 8-14, 2017) with special events and programs spotlighting all the great resources and activities available at the library and to encourage teens from around the area to read for their enjoyment. Thousands of libraries, schools and bookstores across the country will hold similar events centered on this year's theme, “Unleash Your Story!”
Teen Read Week is a time to celebrate reading for fun while encouraging teens to take advantage of reading in all its forms —books, magazines, e-books, audiobooks and more! It is also a great opportunity to encourage teens to become regular library users.
In recent years, many families have had to adapt to make do with less than a result of the economy. Teen Read Week is an opportunity for teens and their families to learn about all the free services and resources the library offers. The library also offers a safe and supervised space for adolescents to engage in creative, educational activities with caring adults and mentors.
Parents of teens are also encouraged to celebrate Teen Read Week at home.
The West Virginia Library Commission has some suggestions:
-Set aside time each day for the family to read
-Give books or magazine subscriptions to your teen as a gift or reward
-Share your favorite book with your teen
-Go online with your teen to learn about new books or authors by visiting http://tinyurl.com/yalsabookawardslists, or use YALSA's free Teen Book Finder app
-Build an in-home library (thrift stores and yard sales offer an inexpensive way to do that)
-Listen to audiobooks on trips
-Create a cozy reading corner somewhere in your home
-Use meal time to talk about books that you're reading
-Incorporate reading into teen chores, such as reading a recipe when cooking, reading instructions for how-to projects, reading sales fliers to develop a shopping list, and more
Teen Read Week is a national adolescent literacy initiative created by the Young Adult Library Services Association (YALSA), a division of the American Library Association.
It is held annually in October, the same week as Columbus Day.
For more information, visit www.ala.org/teenread or visit your local library.
West Virginia Library Commission encourages lifelong learning, individual empowerment, civic engagement and an enriched quality of life by enhancing library and information services for all West Virginians.
WVLC is an independent agency of the Office of the Secretary of Education and the Arts.
To learn more about the WVLC, please visit www.librarycommission.wv.gov or call us at 304-558-2041.
Related
Comments
comments
A special gift for more than a hundred children was donated to patients at Mary Free Bed Rehabilitation Hospital on Tuesday.
Scroll for more content...
The Grand Rapids North Kiwanis Club members, their families and kids made over 100 pillowcases with a variety of different types of designs and colors.
"It feels like, I can't really describe it," said patient Skyy Figgins, 15, of Kalamazoo, who is receiving care at the hospital for cerebral palsy. "I was like oh my gosh, it was like I would probably be here for two hours or something [picking out a pillowcase]."
Figgins found a pillowcase they loved that had a very cool 'owl' print.
"I picked it because it matches the owl I got in the gift shop and the blanket I made in therapy," said Figgins. "I love the colors so much."
The kids that helped make the pillowcases said it was as blast, especially knowing they're helping other children.
"I like doing things with my mom and helping other kids with my mom was really fun," said 12-year-old Maddie Pastoor of Grand Rapids. "We just worked on them in the afternoons, on weekends and during the day and finished them up from there."
It's not just pillowcases the Kiwanis Club donates to the hospital; they provide regular donations. In 2016, the club donated more than $60,000 to support the child life specialist position at Mary Free Bed, bringing play and fun into a patient's stay, a service not covered by insurance.
"Our Kiwanis Club, and Kiwanis Club in general has been a big part of Mary Free Bed for years," said Linda Paige, Secretary of the Grand Rapids North Kiwanis Club.
Figgins said they will never forget all the love she's received at Mary Free Bed.
"It feels like a second home to me because the people are so nice," said Figgins.
© AFP 2016/ JIM WATSON Feminist Sweden on Warpath With Trump Over Climate, Women
Trump's repartee in the online skirmish featured yet another image. On Monday, Trump, who is habitually labeled as "misogynist," "racist" and "patriarchal" by Swedish critics, launched a new "women's initiative," whose aim is to get more women in key positions.
"We focus on the important role of women in our economy," Donald Trump said.
The new initiative was aptly illustrated by a picture of Donald Trump sitting at their desk at the White House surrounded by a group of only women and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, with whom a joint statement on continued cooperation in energy and finance was signed the same day.
Wonderful meeting with Canadian PM @JustinTrudeau and a group of leading CEO's & businesswomen from Canada🇨🇦and the United States🇺🇸 pic.twitter.com/Rxr31QpxMK — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 13 февраля 2017 г.
​With Trudeau at their side, President Trump pledged to launch the United States Canada Council for the Advancement of Women Business Leaders-Female Entrepreneurs, which would work to support women in the workplace. The meeting to discuss the initiative was held in the presence of women CEOs, including Trump's daughter Ivanka Trump.
A great discussion with two world leaders about the importance of women having a seat at the table! 🇺🇸🇨🇦 pic.twitter.com/AtiSiOoho0 — Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) 13 февраля 2017 г.
​In their Twitter bio, Ivanka Trump claims themselves to be a "passionate advocate for the education and empowerment of girls." In May 2017, Ivanka's new book titled Women Who Work: Rewriting the Rules for Success is scheduled for release. The proceeds are expected to go to charity.
I'm enormously proud of this book already, and can't wait to show it to you fully this Spring. We just finalized the cover—what do you think?? #WomenWhoWork #WomenWhoWorkBook Публикация от Ivanka Trump (@ivankatrump) Окт 7 2016 в 9:39 PDT
In early February, Sweden lashed out against Trump's anti-abortion law, colloquially referred to as a "gag law," for stopping assistance to international organizations that support abortion. In a dig against Trump, Swedish Environment Minister Isabella Lövin parodied the image of Trump signing off on the anti-abortion law in male company by posting an image of themselves surrounded by women only.
© AP Photo/ Ebrahim Noroozi Feminist Sweden Puts on Hijab in Hope of Doing More Business With Iran
When you condemn Trump for being sexist but obediently cover up when in a genuinely sexist country. Brave. #StockholmSyndrome pic.twitter.com/SrRJV0Zf2L — Rita Panahi (@RitaPanahi) 12 февраля 2017 г.
Sweden's current red-green leadership prides itself in being the world's first 'overtly feminist' government, yet was recently drowned in bitter criticism for hypocrisy for its failure to make a grand stand for women-kind during its fence-mending trip to Iran. During the past weekend's business trip to Tehran, all eleven women in the high-ranking Swedish delegation topped by Prime Minister Stefan Löfven notoriously sported Islamic headdress and kept an "appropriate" distance from men in order to comply with Iranian law, which was called "a walk of shame" by non-governmental human rights NGO by UN Watch.
​​Iranian women's right activist Masih Alinejad, who previouslyurged European female politicians "to stand for their own dignity" and to refuse "compulsory Hijab," accused European politicians of betraying their principles to mercantile interests.
© AP Photo/ AHMAD GHARABLI Feminists Fume as Sweden Moves to Ban Gender Segregation in Schools
In light of Sweden's recent beef with Donald Trump over women's rights, this prompted renowned Swedish columnist Ivar Arpi to accuse the Swedish government of double standards and "creeping to dictatorships."
"It is certainly a peculiar diplomatic strategy the government has adopted: picking a fight with democracies and crawling for dictatorships," Ivar Arpi wrote in Svenska Dagbladet.
Sunday, Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-NY) told John Catsimatidis on their New York AM 970 radio show “The Cats Roundtable” that they are closer now to President Donald Trump than they ever are with former President Barack Obama. advertisement
“Trade is the thing [China cares] most about, and they've been treating us very badly on trade for a long time, frankly,” said Schumer. “I was closer in trade views to Donald Trump than I was to either George Bush or Barack Obama, on China anyway. I think we were much too easy on them. But if we got tough on them now, maybe they would relent, but we have to real tough. So far, the administration has not been as tough as they should be, as far as I'm concerned.”
Schumer also said in the interview that Republicans and Democrats in Congress are “working together in a pretty good way.”
They added, “Our Republican friends, I think, want to work with us. I think sometimes the president gets in the way of that. But I think you're going to see us working together more and more.”
Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent
Get twice-weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The man who stabbed Bradley Dos Reis Pais Quaresma to death in a "shocking" broad daylight in Stratford Park has been jailed.
Mario Albino Te, 21, of no fixed address, knifed their victim in the neck and chest on July 21 in front of horrified families and sunbathers.
Police and London's Air Ambulance were called to the park in West Ham Lane at 3.15pm but could not save Bradley, 20, and they died at the scene.
Officers recovered a large kitchen knife in nearby Whalebone Lane with Bradley's blood on it and witnesses reported seeing a man running from the scene.
Te fled to Paris the day after the attack by train in an attempt to evade justice but was captured by authorities and brought back to the UK where they were charged with murder.
During their trial the court heard that Bradley- a Portuguese national who had lived in London as a student for two years - and Te were known to each other, and had been in contact in the days before the incident.
They were both were amongst a large group of males that had gathered at the park, and a fight broke out.
Te claimed they were acting in self defence and that Bradley was the aggressor but a jury at the Old Bailey rejected this and found them guilty of manslaughter following a three-week trial. They were cleared of murder.
They were sentenced to on Monday, February 13 to 11-and-a-half years behind bars.
The victim's father Nelson Quaresma travelled from the family's home in Portugal to attend the trial withBradley's siblings and said they were disappointed with the sentence
They told the Standard : “Our family has waited all this time for justice but this was not the case. It is a disappointment for our family, our friends and all of British society.”
They added: “Here was a 20-year-old man who had their whole life ahead of them – and this court decided to give just 11 years and six months' jail to their killer.
“Is this truly going to reduce criminality?”
In a statement Bradley Dos Reis Pais Quaresma's family said: “ Not a day goes by that Bradley is not remembered their infectious smile, their love for their family and their good heart, but the 21st was the day that it all ended, our world ended.
“Bradley was an adorable, charismatic, understanding and true companion. A supportive and fun brother and a loyal friend, anyone that crossed Bradley's path fell in love with their radiant smile and kind heart. That is why the news that they were stabbed in cold blood, in broad daylight, in the park where they played their favourite sport, football, arrived as a shock.
“His life is now past, their present non-existent and their future stolen, erased and murdered with a knife. Only 20 years old, Bradley had their whole future ahead of him."
Det Chief Insp Gary Holmes, the senior investigating officer from the Met's Homicide and Major Crime Command, said: “This was a very sad case and my heartfelt sympathies go out to Bradley's family who have shown great dignity throughout the trial.
“When jailing Te, the judge spoke of the shock and horror that members of the public at the park, including young families and children, experienced when they saw Bradley and their injuries.
“He also said that there was very strong public interest in passing a sentence that would act as a deterrent to knife crime and extreme violence.”
Follow The Wharf on Twitter @the_wharf .
Keep up to date with all our articles on Facebook .
Jordan Turner's move Down Under may have backfired but former Saints team-mate Joe Greenwood seems to be going from strength to strength in the NRL.
Plying their trade just down the road from England coach Wayne Bennett, Gold Coast second-rower Greenwood says they will let their football do the talking ahead of a possible World Cup berth.
The 24-year-old joined St Helens from amateurs Saddleworth Rangers - making their debut against home-town club Oldham Roughyeds in a 2012 Challenge Cup tie, but in February this year opted to leave the Totally Wicked Stadium and pursue their career in Australian as part of a swap deal with Zeb Taia and has proved a versatile weapon for coach Neil Henry.
Part of Bennett's 31-strong elite training squad ahead of the end-of-season World Cup, Greenwood hopes further top notch performances will catch the eye of the Brisbane and England coach.
"I've been dreaming since I was a little kid to play for my country," Greenwood said.
"It'd be amazing to play in a World Cup, especially one over here."
A Russian Su-25 warplane was brought down in Syria's Idlib province on Saturday, and the pilot was killed during “a fight” after ejecting by parachute, the TASS news agency quoted Russia's Defence Ministry as saying.
Syrian rebels said previously on Saturday they had brought down the Russian plane.
Russia's Defence Ministry said that the aircraft was downed by a MANPAD portable surface-to-air missile during a flight around the de-escalation zone in the province. The pilot had reported that they ejected by parachute in the area, controlled by Al Nusra.
“The pilot died in a fight with terrorists,” the ministry said.
Russia and Turkey, which is in charge of the Idlib de-escalation zone, are “taking measures” to return the body of the pilot, it added.
Alex Minassian, 25, was driving a van that crashed into pedestrians in Canada's largest city of Toronto, killing ten people and injuring 15 others on Monday.
A Canadian judge has ordered the suspect in a van ramming in Toronto to be held on 10 counts of 1st-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian learned of the charges in a hearing before a judge on Tuesday, not entering a plea to the charges. They were ordered to return to court on May 10.
READ MORE: Truck Hits at Least 8 Pedestrians in Toronto: Driver Reportedly Arrested (VIDEO)
The charged man was detained soon after driving a truck into dozens of pedestrians on a Toronto sidewalk, killing ten and wounding 15 people. Police chief Saunders initially said that there was no motive behind the incident.
Minassian's Linkedin profile reveals that they attended nearby Seneca College from 2011 to 2018, studied computer software, and hailed from Richmond Hill, Ontario.
Want more videos like this?
Every day we send an email with the top videos from Digg.
Teaching staff and their friends and family gathered at Boone Central Friday for an end of the year celebration honoring retiring teachers.
Callie Nelson, special education teacher, emceed the presentation. This year, retiring teachers include: Dale Bonge, Joye Anderson and Elaine Beckman.
Bonge, a math and PE teacher, has been teaching for 39 years.
Anderson, a kindergarten teacher, has been teaching nearly 30 years.
Beckman, a second grade teacher, has been teaching for 43 years.
The stuntwoman who died on the set of Deadpool 2 Monday has been identified.
Joi “SJ” Harris, who billed themselves as the first African-American female road racer, died while performing a motorcycle stunt in Vancouver, Canada, PEOPLE confirmed.
The Brooklyn, New York native was an advocate for women of color in the road racing game, and promoted themselves as “the first licensed African American women in U.S. history to actively compete in sanctioned motorcycle road racing events.”
The video below, posted to their website, shows their first ever race crash.
On Friday, Harris updated their Facebook with a selfie, writing, “EVERYTHING FOR A REASON. #staythecourse.”
Harris is thought to be the stunt double for Zazie Beetz. A woman donning the costume for the mutant Domino, whom Beetz plays in the film, was spotted on a black Ducati motorcycle in the area for a sequence days earlier.
“Today, we tragically lost a member of our crew while filming Deadpool,” the film's star, Ryan Reynolds tweeted. “We're heartbroken, shocked and devastated… but recognize nothing can come close to the grief and inexplicable pain their family and loved ones must feel in this moment. My heart pours out to them — along with each and every person they touched in this world.”
“I'm deeply saddened by the loss of one of our stunt performers today,” Deadpool 2 director David Leitch said in a statement to PEOPLE. “No words can express how I and the rest of the Deadpool 2 crew feel about this tragedy. Our thoughts are with their family, friends and loves ones in this difficult time.”
This was Harris's first film as a stunt performer, according to Deadline, which reported that they were not wearing a helmet during the scene because their character does not wear a helmet.
Witness of Deadpool 2 crash: motorbike picked up speed, missed pedestrians https://t.co/W237VlDggr pic.twitter.com/cyDhCZSmvP — Metro Vancouver (@vancouvermetro) August 14, 2017
“We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of Deadpool 2 this morning,” 20th Century Fox said in a statement. “Our hearts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time.”
The Vancouver Sun reported that the accident occurred just after 8 a.m. on Monday. Witnesses told the outlet that the stuntwoman lost control of their bike during a stunt, jumped a curb and crashed through a plate-glass window at Shaw Tower. They were reportedly treated by ambulance personnel but police said they died at the scene.
According to Metro News, the stunt driver narrowly missed hitting two pedestrians when they lost control of the bike.
Ambulance has left set of Deadpool 2 with injured stunt person. Lights and sirens were not on as it pulled away. @CTVVancouver pic.twitter.com/iMheLitA7q — Ben Miljure (@CTVNewsBen) August 14, 2017
An eyewitness told the outlet that the stunt driver completed several rehearsals of the stunt, which involved driving a motorcycle down two ramps across several stairs, earlier that morning.
“She came out, went down the two flights of stairs, and it looked like they kind of hit the throttle because they picked up speed,” Nathan Kramchynski told Metro News.
“She was going full throttle,” they added, noting that it appeared as if the driver “missed two pedestrians” during the failed stunt.
CTV News reported that the lights and sirens of the ambulance were not turned on as it pulled away with the stuntwoman on board.
Spokesperson for the Hawks Brigadier Hangwani Mulaudzi yesterday refused to comment and referred inquiries to the ministry.
Ntlemeza threatened to report for duty in the Pretoria offices of the unit they headed until last week, when Mbalula and the high court in Pretoria showed them the door.
Johannesburg - Police Minister Fikile Mbalula and former head of the Hawks Major-General Berning Ntlemeza could be headed for a showdown if the latter shows up at work on Tuesday.
Mbalula's spokesperson Vuyo Mhaga said they did not want to speculate on what Ntlemeza will do today.
This followed the decision of the full bench of the high court on Thursday effectively shutting the door on Ntlemeza after rejecting their appeal.
Ntlemeza has indicated that they will approach the Supreme Court of Appeal. But Mbalula made it clear there was no room to defy court decisions and that Ntlemeza must comply.
The minister has since appointed Ntlemeza's former deputy, Lieutenant-General Yolisa Matakata, as the acting head of the Hawks.
They said they hoped to have a permanent head before the end of the year. Mhaga said they would not entertain what Ntlemeza will do or not do today.
“What we know is that there is a new head of the Hawks (Matakata) and they are busy executing their duty,” said Mhaga.
They added that they would see what happens, but would not spend their time and energy on Ntlemeza.
The portfolio committee on police earlier warned that there must be a smooth transition for the Hawks now and for Mbalula to appoint a permanent head urgently.
It welcomed the appointment of Matakata and called for stability in the Hawks.
Chairperson of the committee François Beukman said the focus of the Hawks must be to fight organised crime and corruption in the country. This was a clear warning from the committee that it would no longer tolerate any shenanigans in the unit.
Ntlemeza has been embroiled in court battles with NGOs after the Helen Suzman Foundation and Freedom Under Law challenged their appointment in the high court.
This followed the judgment in March last year that Ntlemeza was not fit to head the unit. The judgment questioned their abilities and integrity, which led to the NGOs approaching the court to axe him.
Mbalula said after they were appointed minister of police at the end of last month, they would not be running to the courts.
They wanted the Hawks to focus on the fight against organised crime and corruption, they said.
Political Bureau
Patients with an inherited form of colon cancer harbor two bacterial species that collaborate to encourage development of the disease, and the same species have been found in people who develop a sporadic form of colon cancer, a study led by a Johns Hopkins Bloomberg~Kimmel Institute for Cancer Immunotherapy research team finds. A second study in mice published concurrently by the same researchers shows a possible mechanism behind how one of these species spurs a specific type of immune response, promoting--instead of inhibiting--the formation of malignant tumors. Together, these findings could lead to new ways to more effectively screen for and ultimately prevent colon cancer, a disease that kills more than 50,000 people each year in the U.S. and is on the rise among younger adults age 20 to 50.
The complementary findings were published online Feb. 1 in Cell Host & Microbe and in the Feb. 2 issue of Science.
The Science findings describe a process in which these bacteria invade the protective mucus layer of the colon and collude to create a microenvironment--complete with nutrients and everything the bacteria need to survive--that induces chronic inflammation and subsequent DNA damage that supports tumor formation. These findings suggest a change in the standard of care for people who carry both types of bacteria. "More frequent colon cancer screening than the currently recommended once every 10 years should be considered," says Drew Pardoll, M.D., Ph.D., director of the Bloomberg~Kimmel Institute for Cancer Immunotherapy. Ultimately, once better understood, administering drugs or vaccines to prevent colonization of the bacteria in the colon, and potentially even probiotics to chase the bugs from the colon, are preventive measures that could be explored to interrupt the cancer-promoting process.
These new findings by Cynthia Sears, M.D., professor of medicine, and a researcher at the Johns Hopkins Kimmel Cancer Center's Bloomberg~Kimmel Institute, are built upon their earlier research showing that particular strains of bacteria can invade the colon mucus in at least half of patients who get colon cancer but who have no inherited predisposition for the disease. Unlike most bacteria, which do not make it past the colon's protective mucus layer, these communities of bacteria that invade the mucus form a sticky biofilm right next to the colon epithelial cells that line the colon, where colon cancer usually originates. There, Sears and colleagues propose, these bacterial communities may eventually help the epithelial cells to become cancerous.
About 5 percent of colon cancers are caused by a hereditary syndrome called familial adenomatous polyposis (FAP), in which an inherited mutation launches a series of genetic changes that develop over time and eventually prompt the epithelial cells to turn malignant. However, Sears says, it was unclear whether ETBF or other bacteria played a role in the progression to colon cancer in FAP patients.
To investigate the relationship between the bacteria-caused biofilms and cancer formation, they and their colleagues examined colon tissue removed from six FAP patients. Tests showed patchy sections of biofilms distributed along the colon's length in about 70 percent of the patients. The researchers used gene probes to identify the particular bacterial species and found that the biofilms consisted mainly of two types, Bacteroides fragilis and Escherichia coli, a surprising finding since the colon contains at least 500 different types of bacteria. Tests on 25 additional colon samples from FAP patients showed that the B. fragilis strain was a subtype, called ETBF, which makes a toxin that triggers certain oncogenic, or cancer-promoting, pathways in colon epithelial cells and causes colon inflammation. The E. coli strain produced a substance called colibactin (synthesized by a set of genes in the bacterial genome called the PKS island), which causes DNA mutations. "It is the combination of these effects, requiring coexistence of these two bacteria, that creates the 'perfect storm' to drive colon cancer development," says Sears. Both types of bacterium are found to commonly colonize young children worldwide, potentially contributing to the rise in colon cancer rates among younger people.
"FAP is a devastating disease that ultimately results in surgical removal of the colon, and our findings could point us to new and less invasive ways to prevent colon cancer from developing," says Sears. They say these same approaches could be applied to the more common sporadic types of colon cancer, which occur without a familial predisposition. Currently, colonoscopy to monitor for the formation of precancerous tumors, called polyps, is the standard of care. If further research shows that biofilms develop before polyps appear, Sears says, adding biofilm evaluation or stool identification of particular bacteria to care could also provide an opportunity for earlier, nonsurgical intervention that could bump the bacteria from the colon.
Using a mouse model of colon cancer, the researchers found that animals whose colons were colonized with just one of these species developed few or no tumors. However, when their colons were colonized with both species simultaneously, they developed many tumors, suggesting a synergy between the two types of bacteria.
An earlier, 2009 study, published by the Sears laboratory in Nature Medicine, suggested a unique type of immune response--producing an inflammatory protein called IL-17--was key to ETBF-induced tumor formation. Pardoll and Sears say it is important to note that this type of immune response is distinct from, and in fact antagonistic to, the types of antitumor immune responses induced by therapeutic immunotherapy drugs.
In order to prove the importance of IL-17 in the cancer-promoting effects of the bacterial combination, they used a mouse model in which the IL-17 gene was genetically deleted so it could not make IL-17, and colonized the mice with both ETBF and PKS+E. coli. Unlike animals that readily made IL-17, the genetically altered mice didn't form colon tumors, confirming the importance of this protein in bacterial-driven colon cancer. However, in addition to IL-17, the studies showed that ETBF digested the mucus layer, enabling the PKS+ E. coli to adhere in larger numbers to the colon mucosa where together the bacteria induced increased DNA damage, a step preceding the gene mutations that underlie colon tumor formation.
The complementary findings in Cell Host & Microbe demonstrate how ETBF's toxin prompts colon cancer to develop. Using a different mouse model of colon cancer, the researchers colonized the animals' colons with ETBF and then performed a series of tests to monitor the resulting cellular and molecular changes.
Their results revealed that ETBF's toxin spurs a cascade of events that promote colon inflammation that feeds back to act on the colon epithelial cells. First, the toxin triggers colon immune cells to produce IL-17. This inflammatory molecule then acts directly on the colon epithelial cells to trigger activation of a protein complex involved in promoting further inflammation, known as NFkappaB. NFkappaB in turn induces the colon epithelial cells to produce several signaling molecules that recruit more immune cells, called myeloid cells, to the colon. These immune cells are involved in the inflammatory response and are known to support tumor growth. This process culminates in tumors forming in the colon. Additional experiments showed that a protein known as STAT3, which was previously shown to play a role in regulating cancer and inflammatory genes, is also necessary for tumor formation.
Together, Sears says, the two new studies suggest a variety of strategies that researchers could test to prevent or even combat colon cancer. For example, it may be possible to prevent this disease by keeping the colon from becoming colonized by these two problematic bacteria, or by devising drugs or vaccines that target their toxins. Researchers might eventually be able to halt the malignant cascade by targeting one or several of the different molecular players that increase inflammation in the colon. The researchers are also working to better understand why the immune system permits the ongoing inflammation.
###
In addition to Sears and Pardoll, other researchers who participated in the Science study include Christine M. Dejea, Payam Gathi, John M. Craig, Abby L. Geis, XinQun Wu, Christina E. DeStefano Shields, Elizabeth M. Hechenbleikner, David L. Huso, Robert A. Anders, Francis M. Giardiello, Elizabeth C. Wick, Hao Wang, Shaoguang Wu, and Franck Housseau, all of Johns Hopkins, and Annemarie Boleij and Rahwa Taddese, of Radboud University Medical Center.
The Science Research was supported by the Bloomberg Philanthropies, and by National Institutes of Health grants R01 CA151393, K08 DK087856, 5T32CA126607-05, P30 DK089502, P30 CA006973 and P50 CA62924, Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.-International Immuno-Oncology Network Resource Model 300-2344, the Alexander and Margaret Stewart Trust, the American Society of Colon and Rectal Surgeons, the Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research NWO 825.11.03 and 016.166.089, and the Institute Mérieux.The Cell Host and Microbe research was supported by the Bloomberg Philanthropies and National Institutes of Health grants R01DK080817, R01CA151325, R01GM111682, P30DK089502, P30CA006973, P50CA062924 and K08 DK087856.
COI: Pardoll discloses consultant relationships with Aduro Biotech, Amgen, AstraZeneca, Bayer, Compugen, DNAtrix, Five Prime, GlaxoSmithKline, ImmuneXcite, Jounce Therapeutics, NexImmune, Pfizer, Rock Springs Capital, Sanofi, Tizona, Janssen, Merck, Astellas, FlX Bio, Ervaxx and DNAX. Pardoll receives research support from Bristol-Myers Squibb, Compugen, Ervaxx and Potenza, and is a scientific advisory board member for Immunomic Therapeutics. They share intellectual property with Aduro Biotech, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Compugen, and Immunomic Therapeutics. All other authors declare no competing interests. Sears, Pardoll, Dejea and Wick are inventors on patent application PCT/US2014/ 055123, submitted by The Johns Hopkins University, that covers use of biofilm formation to define risk for colon cancer. The terms of these arrangements are being managed by The Johns Hopkins University in accordance with its conflict of interest policies.
Donning heads with kippahs, traditional brimless caps worn by religious Jews, is said to be especially dangerous in big cities due to possible attacks.
The president of the Central Council of Jews in Germany, Josef Schuster, advised individuals to avoid "openly appearing in kippahs in Germany's major cities."
In an interview with RBB radio on Tuesday, Schuster stressed that if society isn't be able to resist anti-Semitism, "this will ultimately pose a danger to democracy."
Their remark came just a week after a Syrian refugee attacked a young Israeli wearing a kippah in Berlin.
Jews under attack in Germany? I'm sure I've heard something like this before… 🤔 — LogicApe 🇬🇧 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 (@LogicApe) 24 апреля 2018 г.
Isn't it the actions of the person and not what they are wearing that is important? Europe seems to be descending into 5th Century politics — sad ☹️ — Ernie Trendell (@paganern) 24 апреля 2018 г.
READ MORE: 'New Phenomenon': Merkel Sheds Light on Arab Migrants' Anti-Semitism
The incident prompted active discussion in German society about the need to counter anti-Semitism amid the heavy inflow of migrants, primarily from Arab countries.
It's 2018 and Jews in Germany are now being warned not wear the Kippah in public such is the level of antisemitism now rife in the country.
Absolutely disgusting that it's come to this. https://t.co/lz4waHjgUt — Michael Heaver (@Michael_Heaver) 24 апреля 2018 г.
Telling Jews to hide that they are Jewish in public.
In Germany.
Gut check, anyone? https://t.co/c5mX6SJssY — Elizabeth L. Schultz (@ThinkSchultz) 24 апреля 2018 г.
Since 2015, Germany has been struggling to cope with a large-scale inflow of refugees fleeing their war-torn home countries in the Middle East and Africa. The migration crisis has changed life in Europe and has led to numerous religious and ethnic tensions on European soil.
VOL. 41 | NO. 23 | Friday, June 09, 2017
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump says the assailant in the congressional shooting has died from their injuries.
Trump said Wednesday morning that the gunman who shot Rep. Steve Scalise, of Louisiana, had died. The assailant has been identified as James T. Hodgkinson.
Scalise was shot at a congressional baseball practice just outside of Washington. Officials said several other people were also wounded. Trump said Scalise "was badly wounded and is now in stable condition."
Trump praised the "heroic actions" of the Capital Police at the scene.
One in four cowboys was black. So why aren't they more present in popular culture?
In their 1907 autobiography, cowboy Nat Love recounts stories from their life on the frontier so cliché, they read like scenes from a John Wayne film. They describe Dodge City, Kansas, a town smattered with the romanticized institutions of the frontier: “a great many saloons, dance halls, and gambling houses, and very little of anything else.” They moved massive herds of cattle from one grazing area to another, drank with Billy the Kid and participated in shootouts with Native peoples defending their land on the trails. And when not, as they put it, “engaged in fighting Indians,” they amused themselves with activities like “dare-devil riding, shooting, roping and such sports.”
Though Love's tales from the frontier seem typical for a 19th-century cowboy, they come from a source rarely associated with the Wild West. Love was African-American, born into slavery near Nashville, Tennessee.
Few images embody the spirit of the American West as well as the trailblazing, sharpshooting, horseback-riding cowboy of American lore. And though African-American cowboys don't play a part in the popular narrative, historians estimate that one in four cowboys were black.
The cowboy lifestyle came into its own in Texas, which had been cattle country since it was colonized by Spain in the 1500s. But cattle farming did not become the bountiful economic and cultural phenomenon recognized today until the late 1800s, when millions of cattle grazed in Texas.
White Americans seeking cheap land—and sometimes evading debt in the United States—began moving to the Spanish (and, later, Mexican) territory of Texas during the first half of the 19th century. Though the Mexican government opposed slavery, Americans brought slaves with them as they settled the frontier and established cotton farms and cattle ranches. By 1825, slaves accounted for nearly 25 percent of the Texas settler population. By 1860, fifteen years after it became part of the Union, that number had risen to over 30 percent—that year's census reported 182,566 slaves living in Texas. As an increasingly significant new slave state, Texas joined the Confederacy in 1861. Though the Civil War hardly reached Texas soil, many white Texans took up arms to fight alongside their brethren in the East.
While Texas ranchers fought in the war, they depended on their slaves to maintain their land and cattle herds. In doing so, the slaves developed the skills of cattle tending (breaking horses, pulling calves out of mud and releasing longhorns caught in the brush, to name a few) that would render them invaluable to the Texas cattle industry in the post-war era.
But with a combination of a lack of effective containment— barbed wire was not yet invented—and too few cowhands, the cattle population ran wild. Ranchers returning from the war discovered that their herds were lost or out of control. They tried to round up the cattle and rebuild their herds with slave labor, but eventually the Emancipation Proclamation left them without the free workers on which they were so dependent. Desperate for help rounding up maverick cattle, ranchers were compelled to hire now-free, skilled African-Americans as paid cowhands.
“Right after the Civil War, being a cowboy was one of the few jobs open to men of color who wanted to not serve as elevator operators or delivery boys or other similar occupations,” says William Loren Katz, a scholar of African-American history and the author of 40 books on the topic, including The Black West.
Freed blacks skilled in herding cattle found themselves in even greater demand when ranchers began selling their livestock in northern states, where beef was nearly ten times more valuable than it was in cattle-inundated Texas. The lack of significant railroads in the state meant that enormous herds of cattle needed to be physically moved to shipping points in Kansas, Colorado and Missouri. Rounding up herds on horseback, cowboys traversed unforgiving trails fraught with harsh environmental conditions and attacks from Native Americans defending their lands.
African-American cowboys faced discrimination in the towns they passed through—they were barred from eating at certain restaurants or staying in certain hotels, for example—but within their crews, they found respect and a level of equality unknown to other African-Americans of the era.
Continue onto The Smithsonian to read the complete article.
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
[India], July 4 (ANI): Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday interacted with over 170 newly-recruited Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officers and discussed elements of good governance, including optimal utilisation of resources.
The officers from various parts of the country were recently appointed Assistant Secretaries in Government of India.
The Prime Minister encouraged them to share their experiences of field training and also talked about Gram Swaraj Abhiyan and Ayushman Bharat.
Also present in the meeting were Minister of State (MoS) in the Prime Minister's Office Jitendra Singh and senior officials from Department of Personnel and Training. (ANI)
JOHANNESBURG - The Land and Agricultural Development Bank (Land Bank) has signed a R900million long-term loan facility, secured through German Development Bank KfW, to provide a much-needed boost to agricultural development in South Africa.
In a first for KfW, the loan has been priced in local currency, with favourable terms to the Land Bank.
The facility features a 10-year amortising repayment period with a two-year repayment holiday, payable from March, 2020 in 17 bi-annual instalments until 2028.
It is not the first time that the Land Bank has received this form of funding.
Last year, it secured similar funding through the World Bank and its Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency (MIGA) of an amount of $300million (R3.5billion) loan facility with a 10-year maturity period, in support of a long-term commercial loan from Standard Chartered Bank and DZ Bank.
Next week, the Land Bank is also expecting to sign a similar facility with the European Investment Bank (EIB) to the tune of R50m.
The bank said there was a broader story on it being able to secure sustainable funding from investors to boost its transformation and development mandate which is to bring more black farmers/agribusiness into the sector.
“It is especially significant because we don't receive any direct funding from the government, only guarantees, and we have to raise all funds dispersed to our farmers on the capital and debt market,” it added.
This will help to increase the bank's long-term liquidity for the benefit of the agricultural sector in South Africa.
The funds are earmarked for agricultural development and will supplement the Land Bank's sources of transformational and development funding.
Land Bank chief executive Tshokolo Nchocho said the facility would enable the bank to continue supporting greenfield projects.
“We are encouraged by the confidence investors are showing in the important work we are doing to support rural development, as well as in our ability to meet all the commitments to our key stakeholders.
“With secure lines of funding such as this, the Land Bank remains best positioned to drive productivity, growth and job creation, as well as promote food security in the country,” Nchocho said.
The Land Bank's partnership with KfW Development Bank represents another significant milestone in its efforts to diversify the bank's sources of funding in order to drive its development mandate.
Dr Thomas Duve, KfW director for sub-Saharan Africa, said KfW Development Bank was excited about its growing partnership with the Land Bank.
“Funding by KfW will be targeted at providing financing solutions to commercial farmers and end-to-end business support for emerging farmers, with a view to enabling access to long-term finance at competitive conditions.
"We are convinced that this agreement will contribute significantly to the small and medium-sized enterprises in the agricultural sector of South Africa,” they said.
KfW Development Bank has been supporting development in South Africa since 1994.
It has done so by providing financing and technical support to help the country overcome structural problems, including inequality, unemployment and poverty.
In addition to agriculture, KfW is already working in the areas of energy and climate; health and crime prevention.
- BUSINESS REPORT
Several East Texas families are picking up the pieces after their campers were tossed aside during Saturday night's storms.
The damage happened at the Sunset resort and the 429 Marina Resort next door, right off of Lake Tawakoni, just northwest of Canton.
Those who were inside their campers during the storm spoke with us about those moments.
Ronnie Booze is taking a look around, at their home that is on its side.
"We've had some 60 miles an hour winds and everything was just fine,” says Booze.
Everything changed Saturday night, "Right before the RV jumped up in the air we heard a loud roar," says Booze.
He's one of several working through damage, but thankful they weren't hurt when they rode out the storm inside.
"Kind of jammed us up into that dresser and I was able to finally free myself and climb out. Ambulances and fire trucks and break out some windows out there get my wife," says Booze.
At the 429 Marina Resort just next door, Shelly Cunningham's camper is back upright, but they still have a tremendous amount of damage inside.
"Yeah and when I look at it I think, ‘thank God my grand babies are safe,' because I mean look at that, it was all on top of us," says Cunningham.
There is broken glass, shattered trees, but also a push to move on from everyone there.
"You know there's nothing really you can do when something like this happens except for you know clean up afterward," says Samuel Rogers, whose camper suffered damage.
They ultimately understand that materials can be replaced.
The National Weather Service in Fort Worth tells us the damage in that area is indicative of straight line winds. They say, there is no evidence of any tornadoes in that area.
There were some scratches and scrapes, but no serious injuries.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
There was not much “front-stabbing,” but you could cut the cringeworthy moments with a knife.
Stopping by The Late Show on Monday, Anthony Scaramucci chatted with Stephen Colbert to share their 11-day tenure at the White House and their current relationship with President Donald Trump.
We're guessing The Mooch is a big fan of Game of Thrones as they answered many of Colbert's questions with references from the hit HBO series.
Here are the highlights from the short-lived White House Communications Director's interview:
At the #colbertlateshow. A post shared by Anthony Scaramucci (@anthony_scaramucci) on Aug 14, 2017 at 1:24pm PDT
1. “I'm like Arya Stark.”
Scaramucci's first comments after arriving at their guest chair included a shout-out to Maisie Williams‘ GoT character. “I'm like Arya Stark, I took a list of all your comedy writers for my kill list,” they told Colbert as the audience didn't seem to laugh with the former Trump employee.
“So you're comedically threatening to kill the people who work for me?” Colbert responded.
“I'm not allowed to joke anymore, I've learned that,” Scaramucci said in a follow-up to their Stark joke.
Towards the end of their interview, they made another go-around at their GoT bit, adding: “I'm Arya Stark with the comedy writers but a Lannister with my debts.”
In the #LionsDen #stephencolbert #lateshow A post shared by Anthony Scaramucci (@anthony_scaramucci) on Aug 14, 2017 at 6:48pm PDT
2. “Nazis are super bad.”
In addition to joking about their remarks being “off the record” — a reference to their expletive-filled interview with a New Yorker reporter — Scaramucci repeated their criticism of the way Trump reacted to the protests in Charlottesville.
“He does the exact opposite of what's expected of him. Let's be fair to be him, today they did condemn the Nazis,” Scaramucci said to Colbert after calling neo-Nazis and white supremacists “super bad.”
“Two days later! Do they order their spine on Amazon Prime? Why did it take so long?” Colbert asked Scaramucci about why it took Trump two days to strongly respond.
3. Trump is “a super compassionate person.”
Though the president fired them as communications director in late July, just 11 days into their post, Scaramucci is still deeply devoted to Trump.
“It was super rough on me, it's super rough on [Trump],” Scaramucci said about being in the White House. “But he's a super compassionate person. It's a super tough job, they made a step to give up a luxurious lifestyle.”
Colbert immediately called them out for that specific statement, saying: “Who cares? We're supposed to feel bad for the guy?”
And amid the violent protests erupted in Charlottesville, Virginia, the late-night host seemed to disagree on Trump's compassion.
“Mr. President, this is terrorism, not your order at KFC,” Colbert said in their opening monologue about Trump's Saturday comment on condemning the display of hatred, bigotry and violence “on many sides.”
4. “I haven't heard Trump complain about” being president.
Adding to their comments about Trump giving up their “luxurious lifestyle,” Scaramucci continued to stand up for Trump.
“It's a huge sacrifice, I haven't heard them complain about it,” they said about Trump's job as commander-in-chief. “That's them wearing their heart on their sleeve, it's a fish bowl, it's a difficult job,” Scaramucci continued, jokingly adding: “Being the communications director is a tough job.”
I didn't think I was going to last too long, but I thought I'd last longer than a carton of milk. – @Scaramucci on their short tenure. #LSSC pic.twitter.com/cCTRsGxbgR — The Late Show (@colbertlateshow) August 15, 2017
5. “I thought I'd last longer than like a carton of milk.”
Scaramucci was fired shortly after the publication of their now-notorious New Yorker interview in which they blasted other members of Trump's administration, including Bannon and then-Chief of Staff Reince Priebus.
“I didn't think I was going to last too long, but I thought I'd last longer than like a carton of milk,” Scaramucci told Colbert. “If you bought your eggs and you were cooking them the day I got fired, it was totally fine, right?”
Late-night comedians, including Colbert, had a field day with Scaramucci's exit. “The front stabber has been backstabbed. They said they were going to fire everybody, and I gotta admit, they delivered,” Colbert joked in a tribute parody.
The Late Show airs weeknights at 11:35 p.m. ET on CBS.
Kevin Bissett, THE CANADIAN PRESS
FREDERICTON -- New Brunswick's famous Miramichi River was once the largest salmon-producing river in North America, drawing the famous and the powerful keen to fly fish there.
But the number of salmon are dropping at an alarming rate -- they are now a fraction of what they were in the 90s -- and scientists are not entirely sure why.
"If I had one answer, I think that would make a lot of people happy," said Tommi Linnansaari, the new Atlantic Salmon Research chair at the University of New Brunswick.
UNB announced Friday it is undertaking four research projects to get accurate salmon population numbers -- and to understand how those numbers are affected by climate change.
"The things that will be learned there are applicable globally. This is one of the great strengths of what we're doing," said Fred Whoriskey, chairperson of the Canadian Rivers Institute management board.
Whoriskey said the salmon numbers are at the lowest levels they have ever seen in the Miramichi.
According to figures from the Department of Fisheries and Ocean, the river's salmon population has declined by 26 per cent over the last 12 years.
"And that's down substantially from years earlier," said Linnansaari. "We are talking about perhaps 10,000 to 20,000 fish in a river that would have sustained 100,000 or more salmon in the 1990s."
They said while the numbers fluctuate from year to year, it's alarming when you see years like 2014 when the salmon in the Miramichi only met 22 per cent of what they were hoping to see to maintain conservation of the salmon.
Currently, Atlantic salmon fishing in the Miramichi is restricted to fly fishing only and all large salmon caught must be released alive to protect the spawning population. There is also a First Nations food fishery for salmon.
Whoriskey said the decline can be blamed on everything from warming water temperatures to predator fish like striped bass. They said it's hoped the research in New Brunswick can help Atlantic salmon populations in Europe, in Newfoundland, Quebec and elsewhere.
They said globally the numbers are even more disturbing -- noting the size of salmon runs across North America last year were down 30 to 50 per cent from the year before.
"Global warming is the gorilla in the room. Temperatures are changing faster than the species has had to evolve and adapt to in past history. We are riding this one and it is a wild ride indeed," they said.
Just this week, the Atlantic Salmon Federation announced that for the first time since it began monitoring New Brunswick's Magaguadavic River in 1992, no wild salmon had returned from the sea. Despite a stocking program going back to 2002, the Fisheries Department said the population had been dropping steadily since estimating it at 900 wild salmon in 1983.
Linnansaari said while salmon is still a common fish in the Miramichi, the time to act is now.
"When you get populations in very significant decline you start talking about losing the genetic variability. Recovery becomes harder the further down you go," they said.
UNB has received $1.3 million in funding for the chair and four research projects.
One project will try to boost the number of juveniles by introducing adults that have been reared in captivity then released back into the river system to spawn, and doing this on a scale that's not been done before.
Another project will use sonar to collect population numbers.
Whoriskey said they don't know if their efforts will help, but the future would be grim if they did nothing.
"The worst case scenario: we would lose the salmon of the Miramichi River. You would still see some distribution in more northern areas where it is cooler and there is less human impact, but the immediate concern is, what can we do for New Brunswick to try to maintain this iconic species?" they said.
"Miramichi is absolutely ground zero for New Brunswick's population of Atlantic salmon. The industry and the socio-economics of salmon are critically important to the province."
LOS ANGELES — Chiney Ogwumike made a layup with 18.5 seconds left to give the Connecicut Sun a 73-72 win over the Sparks on Tuesday night at Staples Center.
The Sparks had taken a 72-71 lead on a three-point play by Nneka Ogwumike, Chiney's older sister, with 27.9 seconds left, but Chiney Ogwumike hit their winning shot, and Chelsea Gray lost the ball out of bounds with 3.5 seconds to go.
After Connecticut called a timeout, moving the ball to midcourt, Nneka stole the inbound pass but their desperation shot from two steps inside half court missed.
The Sun led by as many as 20 points in the first half, but the Sparks outscored them 26-13 in the third quarter to cut the deficit to three points. Still, Connecticut didn't trail until Nneka Ogwumike made a layup that gave the Sparks a 65-64 lead midway through the fourth quarter. There were five more lead changes before Chiney Ogwumike's decisive layup.
The Sparks scored eight points, on 2-of-13 shooting, in the first quarter – their lowest scoring quarter of the season. They trailed 41-25 at halftime, the fewest points in a half for the franchise since 2015.
“The first half we were a little lethargic, and we were even a little lethargic defensively,” Sparks coach Brian Agler said. “In the second half, we were more aggressive and more on point and gave ourselves a chance. I'm glad that we did that. We fought back and had great effort there, especially in the third quarter going into the fourth, and took the lead and then couldn't finish.”
The Sparks (12-6) suffered their second home loss of the season.
Nneka Ogwumike led the Sparks with 20 points, while Parker added 17, all in the second half. Chiney Ogwumike scored 21 points on 9-for-14 shooting for the Sun (10-7), who have won both meetings with the Sparks this season. Rachel Banham had 11 points and six assists and Alex Bentley scored 10 points for Connecticut. The teams meet again in Connecticut on Aug. 19 in the Sparks' regular-season finale.
“We just knew that that's not us out there,” Nneka Ogwumike said of Sparks' poor first half. “I think that everybody spoke (at halftime), Coach, players, we knew what the standard is … It wasn't X's and O's. We weren't playing hard. And you can't do that with a team like Connecticut, they are going to take advantage of that.”
Connecticut was still playing without Alyssa Thomas (shoulder injury) and Courtney Williams (personal).
© Photo: The UK Ministry of defence 'A Very Serious Military Mission': Why NATO Warships 'Escorted' Russia's Carrier
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The ship, SSV-175 Viktor Leonov, remains in international waters and was detected 30 miles south of Groton Navy submarine base, according to Fox News.
The vessel, which can intercept signals and measure US sonar capability, was "loitering" in the water, according to media reports.
The United States previously detected the ship near American shores in April 2015.
Super Beetle defeated Ty Ray in a Loser Leaves EWF match for the main event of EWF's February 2 show in Covina. Click for full results.
Empire Wrestling Federation
February 2, 2018
EWF Arena
Covina, CA
Dicky Mayer over Akiyori Takizawa by submission. [11'06]
Maritza Janett over Allie Parker. [4'29]
Jorel Nelson & Davion Foreman over H.A.T.E (Che Cabrera & Rico Dynamite) to retain the EWF Tag Team Titles. [15'05]
Broomstick (Andy Brown) over Fidel Bravo by DQ. Fidel Bravo retains the EWF Heavyweight title. [11'09]
Adrian Quest over Shunsuke Sayama. [9'45]
Super Beetle over Ty Ray in a tables match. Ty Ray must leave EWF. [16'43]
Beach Boys versus Sara Evans at July 4th rival TV concerts
Photo: Evan Vucci, AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this July 4, 2014 file photo, fireworks illuminate the sky over the U.S. Capitol building and the Washington Monument during Fourth of July celebrations in Washington. PBS' tradition of broadcasting music and fireworks from the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol is facing competition from a different live concert in the same city at the same time hosted on the White House's South Lawn. Though each event will feature competing “American Idol” alums, the PBS' “A Capitol Fourth” has the bigger stars: The Beach Boys, Jimmy Buffett, Pentatonix, Chita Rivera, Luke Combs, The Temptations, Renee Fleming, CeCe Winans, Joshua Bell and “American Idol” singer Lauren Alaina. It will be hosted by John Stamos. less FILE - In this July 4, 2014 file photo, fireworks illuminate the sky over the U.S. Capitol building and the Washington Monument during Fourth of July celebrations in Washington. PBS' tradition of ... more Photo: Evan Vucci, AP Beach Boys versus Sara Evans at July 4th rival TV concerts 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
NEW YORK (AP) — The Fourth of July is usually a time for national unity, when Americans of all political stripes often turn their gaze to Washington as part of a patriotic lovefest. But there promises to be some division this year when it comes to what to watch.
PBS' tradition of broadcasting music and fireworks from the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol is facing competition Wednesday from a different live concert in the same city at the same time hosted on the South Lawn of the White House. Each event will also feature competing "American Idol" alums.
PBS' "A Capitol Fourth" has the bigger stars: The Beach Boys, Jimmy Buffett, Pentatonix, Chita Rivera, Luke Combs, The Temptations, Renee Fleming, CeCe Winans, Joshua Bell and "American Idol" singer Lauren Alaina. It will be hosted by John Stamos.
The entertainers appearing at the 90-minute White House event on the Hallmark Channel include singer-songwriter Sara Evans, pianist Lola Astanova and former "American Idol" finalists Jonny Brenns and Jax. Both shows will feature the night's big draw — the fireworks show from the National Park Service, which has blessed both rival city concerts.
The White House announced the Independence Day counterprograming late last month, with Melania Trump saying in a statement: "Americans will be able to tune in from their homes and be part of the festivities." The first lady and Donald Trump are also hosting a picnic for military families.
Hallmark and the National Park Foundation first established a partnership in 2016 when the broadcast channel aired the National Christmas Tree Lighting from the White House lawn. The foundation hopes to use Hallmark to help raise awareness of America's 417 national parks.
A representative for PBS declined to comment on its new rival to the country's longest-running live national July 4th TV tradition. Evans also declined comment, citing travel and rehearsal demands.
Russian-born Astanova, a classical pianist who has both met the Trumps socially and performed for them, will be on a piano for the national anthem. They said the experience will be very humbling.
"Obviously, it's a tremendous honor to play the national anthem on the Fourth of July at the White House. It's a tradition that goes back 200 years ago and, for me, as a first-generation American, this is extremely meaningful," they said. "You may even say it will be emotional."
Astanova said the event isn't political or "about any specific administration or president. This is about our nation's birthday." They said they got the invitation from Hallmark and juggled their schedule to attend.
"If there's one day when we should put our political differences aside and things that divide us and focus on what unites us and really celebrate what we love about this great country, I think this is the day," they said.
Both Washington shows will compete with the annual Macy's 4th of July concert and fireworks display in New York City. That will be on NBC and will feature Kelly Clarkson, Ricky Martin, Blake Shelton, Keith Urban, American Authors and Brandon Victor Dixon. Matt Iseman and Akbar Gbajabiamila from "American Ninja Warriors" will host.
Trump, a former reality TV star, has had difficulties attracting top-notch talent to their celebrations. At their inauguration, they lured Michael Flatley, YouTube quartet The Piano Guys and Tony Orlando. Controversy broke out when some Rockettes chose to skip the festivities and Jennifer Holliday dropped out following criticism.
___
Mark Kennedy is at http://twitter.com/KennedyTwits
PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron told Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday that they needed to make gestures to the Palestinians to enable to break the impasse between the two sides.
French President Emmanuel Macron and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu attend a joint news conference at the Elysee Palace in Paris, France December 10, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
Netanyayu was in Paris ahead of a meeting with EU foreign ministers on Monday when they will try present a unified front after U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to recognise Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
While condemning all acts of terrorism against Israel, Macron said that they told Netanyahu that they were against Trump's decision, which was a “dangerous threat to peace.”
“I asked Prime Minister Netanyuhu to make some courageous gestures towards the Palestinians to get out of the current impasse,” they said, suggesting that a freeze of settlement construction could be s first step.
They reaffirmed that France believed that a two-state solution was the only viable option to end the Palestinian-Israeli conflict.
European countries, like most nations, have criticised the Trump administration's decision last week which reversed decades of U.S. policy. Israel considers all of Jerusalem to be its capital, while the Palestinians want the eastern part of the city as capital of a future independent state.
Most countries have maintained the position that decisions about Jerusalem's status should be left to future negotiations. The Trump administration argues that any future peace deal is likely to place Israel's capital in Jerusalem, and old policies need to be abandoned to revive the moribund peace process.
Netanyahu responded to Macron by saying that once the Palestinians recognised the “reality” that Jerusalem was the capital of Israel, it would enable peace efforts sooner.
”The most important thing about peace is first of all to recognise that the other side has a right to exist,“ they said. ”One of the manifestations of this refusal is the mere refusal to sit down with Israel.
“Here is the gesture I offer .. to Mr Abbas to sit down and negotiate peace. That's a gesture for peace. Nothing could be simpler,” they said, referring to Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas.
Macron said that they did not expect any breakthrough in the short-term, but it was important to see what a proposed U.S. peace initiative expected early next year would look like before writing Washington off as a mediator in the conflict.
“I don't think we need more initiatives,” Macron said, ruling out a new French mediation effort after holding a peace conference in Paris last January.
When asked about discontent across the region over Trump's decision, including harsh criticism from Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan, Netanyahu said they would not be given morality lectures by the Turkish leader.
They said that many Arab nations were increasingly aligned with Israel to tackle Iran's regional threat.
“Many Arab countries recognise that Israel is not their enemy but their indispensable ally,” they said.
“Countries in the region who do not have formal relations with us yet. Those can grow, but it doesn't mean there will be a formal peace without some progress with the Palestinians.”
Netanyahu said they sought to use closer ties with Arab countries to isolate extremists and counter Iran.
“What Iran is trying to do is to entrench itself militarily with land, air and naval forces in Syria with the express purpose of fighting and destroying Israel. We will not tolerate that and we back up our words with actions,” they said.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The United States will not insist on the two-state solution to settle the conflict between Israel and Palestine, the statement reads.
"A two-state solution that doesn't bring peace is not our goal that anybody wants to achieve, the official said. "Peace is the goal, whether it comes in the form of a two-state solution if that's what the parties want or something else, if that's what the parties want, we're going to help them," the statement said on Tuesday quoting a senior White House official.
The concept of a two-state solution to the ongoing conflict between Israelis and Palestinians stipulates creation of "two states for two groups of people." It has long been viewed by the international community as the only realistic way to end the conflict.
The boundary between the two states is still subject to dispute and negotiation, with Palestinian and Arab leadership insisting on the "1967 borders," which is not acceptable to Israel.
Aome experts suggest that any idea that this solution is viable is just a western misinterpretation of how to solve this conflict.
Moreover, Israel's settlement expansion into the Palestinian territories hamper the realization of the plan.
Babysitter accused of killing 7-month-old they were watching
TRENTON, N.C. (AP) — Authorities in North Carolina have accused a woman in the death of a 7-month-old girl they were babysitting.
The Jones County Sheriff's Office told local news outlets 24-year-old Shaina Civils is charged with murder and intentional child abuse inflicting serious bodily injury.
Sheriff Danny Heath said Jones Count EMS was dispatched to a Pollocksville residence on June 26 for an unresponsive child. When deputies arrived, the child was already dead. Heath said the State Bureau of Investigation was called to look into the baby's death.
An arrest warrant says the baby had a skull fracture, abrasions and lacerations when investigators found them
Civils is jailed without bond, and was given provisional counsel during their first court appearance Monday. They will be assigned a permanent attorney from the capital defender's office.
The state payroll will rise by 2.4 per cent in 2018 compared to 2017, according to data on the 2018 state budget which is currently being debated in the House.
In 2018, the government will pay €2.623bn on salaries, slightly up from €2.563bn in 2017.
In 2016, the state payroll was €2.382bn.
Meanwhile, full-time positions in the public sector will grow by a grand total of three compared to 2017.
In 2018, the number of full-time positions in the public sector will come to 37822; in 2017 the number was 37,819.
The number of people employed in the central government will come to 14,940, compared to 14,956 in 2017.
Some 12,300 people are employed in the public education sector, and 5,630 in the various security services. Around 4,500 persons work in the defence sector.
Nonetheless, the state payroll in 2018 is €60 million higher than in 2017. This is due to a number of factors, including resumption of Cost of Living Allowance and automatic wage increments, as well as retirement payouts.
Contrary to accusations by the opposition, the 2018 budget allocates 6.6 per cent more funds to so-called ‘development projects', mainly attributable to a series of planned road works and infrastructure projects.
Social welfare spending will go up by 6.7 per cent compared to 2017.
The House is due to vote on the budget on Wednesday.
​Last week, a new version of the rainbow gay pride flag flew over Philadelphia to kick off gay pride month. Above the traditional top red stripe were new brown and black ones. The additions, meant to represent LGBT people of color, brought feelings of excitement for many activists and advocates. But for some, the new stripes felt like an unnecessary alteration to an essential LGBT symbol. Here's what you need to know.
The Flag Originally Had Eight Colors
The original pride flag, designed by Gilbert Baker, had eight colors — all meant to represent something different.
The different colors within the flag were meant to represent togetherness, since LGBT people come in all races, ages and genders, and rainbows are both natural and beautiful. The original flag featured eight colors, each having a different meaning. At the top was hot pink, which represented sex, red for life, orange for healing, yellow signifying sunlight, green for nature, turquoise to represent art, indigo for harmony, and finally violet at the bottom for spirit.
[History]
It Was Eventually Cut Down To Six
The flag was eventually cut down to six colors out of practical considerations.
Over time, the flag was cut down to six colors. First, pink was cut because the dye for it was apparently difficult to obtain at the time for mass production. Then the committee organizing the 1979 Gay Freedom Day Parade cut turquoise to give the flag an even number of colors, so it could be flown as two halves in San Francisco.
[Vox]
For This Year's Pride Month, Philadelphia Commissioned A Redesign
In collaboration with Philadelphia design firm Tierney, the Philadelphia Office of LGBT Affairs came up with the idea of adding a black and a brown stripe to the flag to represent people of color, who have been "marginalized, ignored, and even intentionally excluded" from the the LGBT community, according to the More Color More Pride campaign website.
The City Raised The New Flag At City Hall Last Thursday
In a new annual pride ceremony, the city raised the new flag:
SNEAK PEEK. Getting ready to raise the new Philly Gay Pride flag. Watching the life stream on our Facebook page at… https://t.co/Y1SDPvkFje pic.twitter.com/WNucG3bN3Z — PhillyGayCalendar (@PhillyGayCalen) June 8, 2017
Philadelphia's LGBT Community Has Had To Confront Blatant Racial Discrimination In The Past Few Years
According to CNN, the city's LGBT community has struggled with several incidents of racial discrimination in the past few years.
Philadelphia's downtown gay neighborhood, called the Gayborhood, has faced multiple instances of racial discrimination within the past year, including discriminatory dress-code policies at local bars and a leaked video of a nightclub owner using a racial slur. The campaign and new flag are one way the city and the Office of LGBT Affairs are addressing those issues.
[CNN]
Some People In The Community Have Been Pushing Back Against The Addition
On Twitter, some users expressed frustration with the addition of the black and brown stripes, saying that the flag already includes the message of diversity and that the addition needlessly politicizes the flag.
I can't say I'm happy with adding the two new colors to the "pride" flag. Using the guise of pride to make it a race issue is not okay. — Sam Koester (@SamKoester) June 13, 2017
We do not need a new Pride Flag. The colors are inclusive to all races and adding to more colors (black and brown) is very unneeded — TJay Fitch 🌈 (@GuardStud08) June 13, 2017
Other users have pushed back criticism, calling it racist.
First of all, y'all are reacting to this Pride flag like it's gonna legally obligate you to respond to black guys on Grindr. — Phillip Van De Kamp (@MajorPhilebrity) June 14, 2017
Ask yourself why it is that the idea of including and showing solidarity with a group of people in your community is such a problem for you. — Phillip Van De Kamp (@MajorPhilebrity) June 14, 2017
Why is having two new colors on our Pride flag even a discussion?
Just shows how much racism is in the LGBTQ+ community — Messica Simpson ✨ (@Daimyan) June 14, 2017
1967 — Bayern München wins 7th Europe Cup II at Neurenberg, Germany.
1975 — Fred Newman makes 12,874 baskets in a one-day basketball exhibition.
1983 — 37th NBA Championship: Philadelphia 76ers sweep Los Angeles Lakers in four games.
1985 — New Orleans Saints franchise is sold for US$70,204,000.
1986 — The 1986 FIFA World Cup begins in Mexico.
1987 — Stanley Cup: Edmonton Oilers beat Philadelphia Flyers, 4 games to 3.
1996 — FIFA decides to give the FIFA World Cup 2002 to Japan and South Korea, becoming the first World Cup with co-host countries in the history of the event, as well as the first World Cup in Asia.
1997 — Canadian Donovan Bailey beats American Michael Johnson in 150-metre race.
2002 — The 2002 FIFA World Cup begins, co-hosted by South Korea and Japan.
2008 — Usain Bolt of Jamaica sets a world record of 9.72 seconds in the 100-metre sprint at the Reebok Grand Prix at Icahn Stadium in New York.
Scientists have discovered that triclosan, an antimicrobial additive found in thousands of consumer products, causes colon inflammation and exacerbates colon cancer in mice. Their sobering results suggest that health authorities may want to investigate if they should reassess regulatory policies regarding the usage of this common ingredient. Triclosan is found in more than 2,000 consumer products ranging from toothpaste to cosmetics and toys, and is so widespread that the entire U.S. population is exposed to it at some point in their life. Research has suggested that triclosan can have toxic effects at high doses, but the health effects of lower concentrations that a person might be exposed to remain unclear. Here, Haixia Yang and colleagues fed mice with food containing various concentrations of triclosan for three weeks. They found that mice treated with a concentration of triclosan that reflects the concentrations reported in human blood samples displayed more systemic and colonic inflammation compared to control animals. Furthermore, triclosan exposure increased the severity of colon inflammation in mouse models of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) - an effect that persisted even when low doses of the chemical were administered. Triclosan treatment also increased tumor size and reduced survival in a separate group of rodents with colon cancer. Interestingly, triclosan reduced the diversity of commensal bacteria in the gut of mice, and germ-free mice were protected from the harmful effects, suggesting its pro-inflammatory actions may arise due to alteration of the gut microbiome. The authors stress that further studies should assess the impact of triclosan on human gut health, and determine whether individuals with IBD or colon cancer could be more vulnerable to any adverse effects.
###
In a study looking at brain scans of people with mild loss of thought and memory ability, Johns Hopkins researchers report evidence of lower levels of the serotonin transporter -- a natural brain chemical that regulates mood, sleep and appetite.
Previous studies from Johns Hopkins and other centers have shown that people with Alzheimer's disease and severe cognitive decline have severe loss of serotonin neurons, but the studies did not show whether those reductions were a cause or effect of the disease. Results of the new study of people with very early signs of memory decline, the researchers say, suggest that lower serotonin transporters may be drivers of the disease rather than a byproduct.
A report on the study, published in the September issue of Neurobiology of Disease, also suggest that finding ways to prevent the loss of serotonin or introducing a substitute neurotransmitter could slow or stop the progression of Alzheimer's disease and perhaps other dementias.
"Now that we have more evidence that serotonin is a chemical that appears affected early in cognitive decline, we suspect that increasing serotonin function in the brain could prevent memory loss from getting worse and slow disease progression," says Gwenn Smith, Ph.D., professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine and director of geriatric psychiatry and neuropsychiatry at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine.
Serotonin levels that are lower and out of balance with other brain chemicals such as dopamine are well known to significantly impact mood, particularly depression, and drugs that block the brain's "reuptake" of serotonin (known as SSRIs) are specific treatments for some major forms of depression and anxiety.
Smith notes that researchers have tried with limited success to treat Alzheimer's disease and cognitive impairment with antidepressants such as SSRIs, which bind to the serotonin transporters. But, since these transporters are at much lower levels in people with Alzheimer's, they speculate that the drugs can't serve their purpose without their target.
The idea for Smith's study was inspired by the work of co-author Alena Savonenko, M.D., Ph.D., associate professor of pathology, and their colleagues who showed that loss of serotonin neurons was associated with more protein clumps, or amyloid, in mouse brain.
To further study serotonin's role in cognition and neurodegenerative disease, the Johns Hopkins research team used brain positron emission tomography (PET) scans to look at levels of serotonin in the brains of people with mild cognitive problems, which may be early harbingers of Alzheimer's disease or other dementias.
For the study, the researchers recruited participants with community newspaper ads and flyers, as well as from the Johns Hopkins Memory and Alzheimer's Treatment Center. They paired 28 participants with mild cognitive impairment to 28 healthy matched controls. Participants were an average age of 66 and about 45 percent were women. People with mild cognitive impairment were defined as those who have a slight decline in cognition, mainly in memory in terms of remembering sequences or organization, and who score lower on tests such as the California Verbal Learning Test, which requires participants to recall a list of related words, such as a shopping list. According to Smith, the inability to do this test accurately reflects changes in memory and cognitive impairment indicative of Alzheimer's disease.
Each participant underwent an MRI and PET scan to measure brain structures and levels of the serotonin transporter. During the PET scans, participants were given a chemical -- similar in structure to an antidepressant but not a high enough dose to have a pharmacological effect -- labeled with a radioactive carbon. The chemical binds to the serotonin transporter and the PET scanner detects the radioactivity. When a neuron sends a message it releases the neurotransmitter serotonin, which is detected by the next neuron receiving the message. After this nerve impulse transaction completes, the serotonin transporter SERT grabs up the serotonin and carts it back into the message-sending cell, a metabolic process marked by the ebb and flow of the chemical.
Normally, as people age, the serotonin neurons are especially vulnerable to neurodegeneration, so the transporters are lost when these neurons die and serotonin levels go down. The older they are, the more likely a person is to have lower serotonin levels. That being said, the researchers found that people with mild cognitive impairment had up to 38 percent less SERT detected in their brains compared to each of their age-matched healthy controls. And not a single person with mild cognitive impairment had higher levels of SERT compared to their healthy control.
Each participant also underwent learning and memory tests. In the California Verbal Learning Test, on a scale of 0 to 80, with 80 reflecting the best memory, the healthy participants had an average score of 55.8, whereas those with mild cognitive impairment scored an average of 40.5.
With the Brief Visuospatial Memory Test, participants were shown a series of shapes to remember and draw later. From a scale of 0 to 36, with 36 being the top score, healthy people scored an average of 20.0 and those with mild cognitive problems scored an average of 12.6.
The researchers then compared the results from the brain imaging tests for the serotonin transporter to those two memory tests, and found that the lower serotonin transporters correlated with lower scores. For example, those people with mild cognitive impairment had 37 percent lower verbal memory scores and 18 percent lower levels of SERT in the brain's hippocampus compared to healthy controls.
Smith says their group is investigating whether PET imaging of serotonin could be a marker to detect progression of disease, whether alone or in conjunction with scans that detect the clumping protein known as amyloid that accumulates in the brains of those with Alzheimer's disease. When it comes to targeting the disease, because of reduced levels of the serotonin transporters, Smith says, the receptors that detect serotonin on message-receiving cells might be a better option. There are 14 types of serotonin receptors that could be used as possible targets. They say a number of experimental drugs now in clinical trials are designed to target serotonin in other ways in the brain, and may have better success than the SSRIs.
About 5.5 million people in the U.S. have Alzheimer's disease-caused dementia, and that number is expected to rise with the increasingly aging population.
###
Additional authors include Frederick Barrett, Jin Hui Joo, Njila Nassery, Devin Sodums, Christopher Marano, Cynthia Munro, Jason Brandt, Michael Kraut, Yun Zhou, Dean Wong and Clifford Workman.
The study was funded by grants from the National Institute on Aging (AG038893 and AG041633) and the National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences (UL1 TR 001079).
Smith has received funding from Functional Neuromodulation. Brandt has consulted for Neurotrope Bioscience and MedAvante. Wong has received funding from Addex Therapeutics, Avid Radiopharmaceuticals, Dart NeuroScience, Intra-Cellular Therapies Johnson & Johnson, Lilly, Lundbeck, Pfizer, Roche and Takeda.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – NATO remains a "fundamental bedrock" of security for the United States and the transatlantic community, US Secretary of Defense James Mattis said Wednesday.
"The alliance remains a fundamental bedrock for the United States and for all the transatlantic community, bonded as we are together. As President [Donald] Trump has stated, they have strong support for NATO," Mattis said at a press conference.
The UK Ministry of defence Reasons Why NATO 'Spared No Expense' on Its Promenade With Russia's Admiral Kuznetsov
During their presidential election campaign, Trump has repeatedly declared that NATO has become obsolete and threatened to decrease support of those European NATO states, who fail to fulfill their obligations as part of the military alliance, particularly in the sphere of defense spending.
UK Prime Minister Theresa May managed to secure a commitment from Donald Trump that they will fully support NATO.
During a press conference on January 27, as the UK PM was the first foreign minister to visit Trump at the White House, they were able to get the US president to stand behind the military alliance, which contradicts their views that NATO is "obsolete" which they expressed in the run-up to the US election.
NATO allies should carry their proportionate share of the cost for the alliance's defense, the US secretary of defense said.
"It's a fair demand that all who benefit from the best defense in the world carry their proportionate share of the necessary cost to defend freedom and we should never forget that ultimately it is freedom that we defend here at NATO," Mattis told reporters.
University of North Carolina Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center scientists have developed a software program that can accurately predict which tumor-specific markers will show up on the surface of leukemia cells in patients who have received stem cell transplants. Researchers plan to use their findings to develop immune-based therapies that target these antigens in leukemia patients.
The researchers report at the 59th Annual American Society for Hematology Annual Meeting in Atlanta on Saturday, Dec. 9, that they were able to validate their approach for predicting markers -called minor histocompatibility antigens - in a group of patients with blood cancers. The preliminary findings are an early step in the overall plan to use the software's predictions to develop immune-based therapies for leukemia.
"If you could identify and activate the immune cells that only target leukemia cells, and not normal, healthy cells, that would be a big win," said UNC Lineberger's Benjamin Vincent, MD, assistant professor in the UNC School of Medicine Division of Hematology/Oncology. "We've developed a software package that predicts leukemia-specific immune targets in any patient based on DNA and RNA sequencing. The next step of our work is to use that information for patient-specific therapies to try to improve cure rates without making graft-versus-host disease worse."
Cancer is known as a genetic disease in which errors in DNA help to drive abnormal cell growth. When mutations or other genetic changes occur, sometimes the cell's machinery will read and translate those errors into abnormal proteins unique to cancer cells. This is one source of possible targets for the immune response in leukemia patients. In the context of stem cell transplant, genetic differences between the stem cell donor and the patient can also provide immune targets. The researchers hypothesized they could sequence cancer cells' versus normal cells' DNA and RNA to identify these targets, a process that required the development of custom bioinformatics software in the Vincent lab.
In a retrospective study, the researchers tested whether their software could predict antigenic targets in a group of 101 patients with blood cancer who had undergone an allogenic stem cell transplant, which is a transplant using donor stem cells. They identified 16 known minor histocompatibility antigens. In addition, they predicted more than 100 new antigen targets.
Looking ahead, researchers want to use their software to develop several types of treatments that target these predicted antigens. In one proposal, their goal is to improve stem cell transplants, which is the best chance of cure for many patients with high-risk blood cancer. Vincent said they could potentially use their predictions to engineer donor immune cells to specifically target the cancer cell antigens while preventing graft-versus-host disease, in which the immune cells attack healthy tissues.
"We have developed a novel computational approach to predicting leukemia-specific antigens," Vincent said. "The biggest takeaway is that we can now develop personalized cell therapies that target these antigens that we hypothesize will increase leukemia cures without causing graft versus host disease."
###
In addition to Vincent, the other authors are Jennifer L. Lansford; Udara Dharmasiri; Shengjie Chai; Sally A. Hunsucker; Dante S. Bortone; James E. Keating; Ian M. Schlup; Gary L. Glish; Edward J. Collins; Gheath Alatrash; Jeffrey J. Molldrem; and Paul M. Armistead.
This study was supported in part by the University Cancer Research Fund and the Scott Neil Schwirk Fellowship.
Egypt: Explosion in Maadi, Cairo, several injured
An explosion apparently from a grenade thrown by an attacker was reported on Sunday evening on the Autostrad road near the affluent neighborhood of Maadi in Cairo. The attack injured several people, although authorities refuse to release figures.
THERE'S NO DENYING the fact that Eoin Cadogan is happy to be back hurling for Cork.
Just before Christmas, word got out that the Douglas man would switch codes at inter-county level for the 2018 season as they linked up with John Meyler's hurling panel.
Years ago, they played dual for the Rebels but their last inter-county hurling outing came in 2014. Then their focus switched solely to the Cork senior footballers. Until now.
“I said from day one that it was a bit of a risk going back having been out of hurling for so long,” the 31-year-old said at the launch of the John West National Féile competitions 2018.
“It was difficult,” they admit, of the decision. “The reality is at 31 it's great to have options and the opportunity to have an option between hurling and football.
“I suppose when a door opens up, there were different factors involved that I had to take into consideration before taking the chance. Look, I'm glad and I'm comfortable in my decision. I'm happy where I'm at.
“I back myself in the sense that I know that I've a lot of work put in and that if I wasn't capable, I wouldn't be asked back and if I didn't think I was capable, I wouldn't put myself in the situation to go back there and contribute.
“I'm not just here to come back and fill a spot in the squad. I'm back to be able to contribute in whatever shape or form that is, whether that's playing a part, starting, it doesn't really matter to me.”
Last year's provincial hurling success wasn't a factor for the switch though, they insist. The past is in the past. It's done and dusted.
Source: David Fitzgerald/SPORTSFILE
The risk appears to have paid off to date and it's been a fairly seamless transition back to the top of the hurling scene. Talent never dies, they say, but hitting those heights once again is a completely different story.
There has been a fair amount of readjustment and plenty of individual training. He's been working hard down at the ball alley with their brother, Alan, also their teammate with Cork.
“I've done a bit with him,” they smile.
“I've been hanging out with a lot of forwards because they tend to feel that their skill level is a bit higher than most of the defenders.
“In hurling your fitness will only carry you so far. Ultimately it's a skill-oriented sport. It's up to yourself, you can't go back and expect miracles, you have to work a lot on your touch, on your catching and so on.
“It's not a case of coming back and thinking everything was going to be rosy. I've been putting a lot of work in and continue to do that. If you keep putting the work in then hopefully it'll start to reward you.”
Coming into the set-up, Cadogan was no stranger to a lot of the younger players and the management team, having worked alongside Meyler and the Cork U21 side as strength and conditioning coach last year.
“I'd have a good enough relationship with them all both on the field and off the field as well from last year. It's been seamless enough.
“At the end of the day, I'm not their S&C coach now, I'm their team-mate, another player.
“We'll just try to improve each other and there are plenty of things that I can learn from those guys. Those young guys have come in and they hurl off the cuff. Their skill level is incredible. If anything, I can be learning a small bit from them.”
Every day is a learning day and the 31-year-old is thoroughly enjoying the experience.
After beating September's All-Ireland finalists Waterford in the relegation play-off, Cork have maintained their Division 1A status for 2019.
Source: James Crombie/INPHO
Their attention now turns to championship and while retaining the Munster title and succeeding further afield is obviously high up on the list of aims, Cadogan is just enjoying the journey.
“I just think it's important to embrace each training session, each game rather than looking too far ahead,” they conclude.
“You can talk about Munster Championship, you can talk about All-Irelands, but ultimately this week, we have club championship which is extremely important in the sense that you can go out and show that you can still deliver with your club, express yourself with your club, and then you can park that and just go again.
“I thoroughly enjoy being an inter-county player. I thoroughly enjoy playing with my club. The reality is that window is only there for a short period of time. I'm actually really enjoying this year so far.
“I've learned a lot from previous years in terms of how to prepare a bit better, how to enjoy things a bit better, and so far it's been really good.
“I can't wait now for the Munster championship to get going.”
Cork hurler Eoin Cadogan was at the launch of the John West National Féile competitions 2018 today.
This is the third year that John West will sponsor the underage sports tournament which is one of the biggest events of its kind. Throughout their sponsorship of the Féile, a focus for John West has been to encourage children to take part and participate in GAA during school and beyond.
Source: The42 Podcasts/SoundCloud
Tracking a storm system bringing higher rain chances to South Mississippi. Click and watch the forecast video for details.
Shortly before 9:00am on Sunday, 10th December, 2017 Officers from the Mobile Division were on routine foot patrol on Bimini Avenue off Market Street, when they observed a male acting in a suspicious manner.
The officers conducted a search of the male and found a quantity of marijuana.
The male was arrested and is expected to be charged later this week. Well they wouldn't be going to Miami anytime soon.
We report yinner decide!
The Sri Lankan series, on thought, is done and dusted once India wrapped it up in Colombo, winning the second Test to take a 2-0 lead. Not so, with young Hardik Pandya pumping life into the third and last Test at Pallekele with their exciting all-round showing.
India vs Sri Lanka - Complete Coverage | Full Schedule
India winning the series, their eighth in a row and 3-0 at that, for the first time overseas, was never in doubt, looking at the overall strength of the Sri Lankan side. All won by big margins, the first one by 304 runs and the next two by an innings.
If Sri Lanka's batting looked pedantic, their bowling was pedestrian. The home team seemed to have lost their will to fight. They will have to regroup if they have to start winning at home.
The Sri Lankans have an opportunity to bounce back psychologically by putting up a sterner fight in the five-match One-Day series starting next week.
Ever since Kapil Dev left the international cricket scene, the lament has been that the Indian team doesn't have an all-rounder of their class, knowing fully well such stars do not get on to a cricket field all that frequently.
India could only make do with bowlers who wielded the bat to get good runs, they all happen to be spinners like Anil Kumble, Harbhajan Singh, Ravichandran Ashwin who all have Test hundreds to their name, the last two more than one. In the all-rounders category comes the wicket-keeper and Wriddhiman Saha is fulfilling tha batsman's role quite efficiently.
Now both the selectors and the Indian team management think that Pandya has the mettle to be the all-rounder they are looking for. After their first three Tests, they appear to be a batting all-rounder who can bend their back with the ball.  They are also a livewire in the field and that completes their role.
It was Mahendra Singh Dhoni who saw some spark in Pandya and they must have clearly passed on their impressions about the Gujarat youngman to their successor Virat Kohli for careful nursing.
Kohli, an unabashed admirer of Dhoni, has taken the cue and is willing to invest time and effort in making Pandya a worthwhile all-rounder.  They are going out of their way to promote him.
They made Pandya bat at number 8 behind Ashwin and Saha and bowl them not as a third seamer but as a fifth bowler after running through their mainline exponents.
How does Pandya fit into the Kohli's scheme of things? If the captain wants a genuine fifth bowler they had Ishant Sharma and Bhuvneshwar Kumar and if they're looking at a pure batsman they had Rohit Sharma, all well experienced at Test level.
Kohli, however, was firm on playing Pandya and they were clearly the happiest man when the 23-year-old smashed their first fifty in the first Test and a hundred in the third. They made no secret of their delight for getting vindicated.
It is not Pandya's hundred but the way they got it proves Kohli's point. They got their hundred in the company of the two Yadavs, Kuldeep, playing only in their second Test, and last man Umesh, both in the team as bowlers.
Pandya's hard hitting is all too well-known, after their exploits in the IPL and the way they batted in the few matches they played in the shorter formats. Such clean hitting in Tests is not done or seen all too often. There are no half measures with him, they hit straight and clean, connecting most of their shots with the middle of the bat.
Stats always make hundreds that much more exciting, Pandya's coming in 86 balls and they smote seven sixes. Come to think of it, this is their first first-class hundred, though there were four other Indians before them to do the same, including Kapil Dev.
There are already headlines hailing Pandya as the new Kapil Dev, unfair to the young man who has not watched the great stalwart bat or bowl. Pandya was born five months before Kapil ended their international cricket career in March 1994.
As for their bowling, there is something unique about it. They look like taking wicket anytime, producing an unplayable delivery with their quick pace and line.
The national selectors apparently have a plan for the 2019 World Cup and they want to rotate a set of players in the next five months before finalising the squad.
The selectors dropped or rested seven players from the side that played in the West Indies. Some of the 'rested' ones are going to play County Cricket to prepare for India's tour of England next year!
All this is part of the selectors and Kohli's plans. The Indian captain seemed to have picked up Nitish Kumar's taunt of the Opposition, to be proactive, not reactive!
That's what Kohli wants to be as captain.
(Veturi Srivatsa is a senior journalist. The views expressed are personal. They can be reached at sveturi@gmail.com)
A researcher at the UPV/EHU and HU Cruces has participated in 3 pieces of work on renal cancer and published by the journal Cell
Cell, the most prestigious international journal in the field of biology, is today publishing a set of three papers on renal cancer. Among the authors of these papers is Dr José Ignacio López, head of the Pathological Anatomy Service of University Hospital Cruces and tenured lecturer in Pathological Anatomy at the UPV/EHU's Faculty of Medicine and Nursing. "It is about identifying the different molecular alterations that have to do with the onset and evolution in terms of timeframe and location of renal cancer; this work has been conducted by an interdisciplinary group based in the United Kingdom called the TRACERx Renal Consortium in which I am actively involved," said the researcher.
300,000 people a year worldwide are diagnosed with renal cancer, and it is the seventh most frequent malignant tumour in the western world. The TRACERx Renal Consortium is a multidisciplinary group of basic scientists and clinical doctors that prospectively studies hundreds of cases coming from various hospitals in the United Kingdom. The studies focus on the renal carcinoma of clear cells, by far the most frequent and aggressive renal tumour, and further knowledge of the mechanisms underlying the development of a disease that is a major health problem in the western world. Getting to know the intrinsic mechanisms of this malignancy is the first step towards achieving an effective treatment.
One of the three papers describes "a series of molecular events that occur without symptoms in childhood and in adolescence, and from which the renal cancer is going to develop several decades later. The event involves the exchange of genetic material between the short arm of chromosome 3 and the long arm of chromosome 5 through a mechanism known as chromothripsis. This entails the inactivating or silencing of a series of tumour suppressor genes, an absolutely fundamental event if the renal carcinoma of clear cells is to develop".
Another of the papers published describes the evolution in time and space of clear-cell carcinoma. "Although the evolution of the tumours has until recently been regarded as a stochastic (non-deterministic) process, we have found up to seven possible deterministic profiles of the genomic evolution of clear-cell renal carcinoma, which is directly linked to various levels of aggressiveness," explained López.
The final paper deals with the similarities and differences in genomic profiles between a series of clear-cell renal carcinomas and their corresponding metastases, establishing patterns with different metastatic potential. "The recognising of these profiles could lead to being able to predict what type of metastasis (where, when, how) can be expected in each case," said the researcher.
Despite not obtaining definitive results for treating this disease, López highlights that these studies "are adding very valuable new information to what was previously known". The three studies have been worthy of publication in the journal Cell simultaneously, which endorses their importance. This constitutes "an unprecedented milestone for me as a researcher and for the University of the Basque Country, given that it is a highly competitive international journal in which it is very difficult to get work published", concluded López.
###
Additional information
José Ignacio López, head of the Pathological Anatomy Service of University Hospital Cruces, a member of the Biocruces Institute of Healthcare Research, and tenured lecturer in Pathological Anatomy at the UPV/EHU's Faculty of Medicine and Nursing, signs as a co-first author with equal contribution towards two of the three papers on renal cancer published today the the journal Cell. Dr López participates actively as consultant pathologist of the TRACERx Renal Consortium (Tracking Renal Cell Cancer Evolution Through Therapy), which is made up of a multidisciplinary group mainly located in the United Kingdom. Dr López's contribution in these studies being published today was the analysis and histological characterisation of thousands of samples taken from hundreds of patients, as well as the design of part of the studies and their link with molecular analyses. Dr López currently continues to participate in other studies by the TRACERx Renal Consortium and the results it obtains are also expected to be published in the future in leading global scientific journals such as Cell.
Bibliographical references
Thomas J. Mitchell, Samra Turajlic, Andrew Rowan, David Nicol, James H.R. Farmery, Tim O'Brien, Inigo Martincorena, Patrick Tarpey, Nicos Angelopoulos, Lucy R. Yates, Adam P. Butler, Keiran Raine, Grant D. Stewart, Ben Challacombe, Archana Fernando, Jose I. Lopez, Steve Hazell, Ashish Chandra, Simon Chowdhury, Sarah Rudman, Aspasia Soultati, Gordon Stamp, Nicos Fotiadis, Lisa Pickering, Lewis Au, Lavinia Spain, Joanna Lynch, Mark Stares, Jon Teague, Francesco Maura, David C. Wedge, Stuart Horswell, Tim Chambers, Kevin Litchfield, Hang Xu, Aengus Stewart, Reza Elaidi, Stéphane Oudard, Nicholas McGranahan, Istvan Csabai, Martin Gore, P. Andrew Futreal, James Larkin, Andy G. Lynch, Zoltan Szallasi, Charles Swanton, Peter J. Campbell, and the TRACERx Renal Consortium
Timing the Landmark Events in the Evolution of Clear Cell Renal Cell Cancer: TRACERx Renal.
Cell (2018)
https:/ / doi. org/ 10. 1016/ j. cell. 2018. 02. 020
Samra Turajlic, Hang Xu, Kevin Litchfield, Andrew Rowan, Stuart Horswell, Tim Chambers, Tim O'Brien, Jose I. Lopez, Thomas B.K. Watkins, David Nicol, Mark Stares, Ben Challacombe, Steve Hazell, Ashish Chandra, Thomas J. Mitchell, Lewis Au, Claudia Eichler-Jonsson, Faiz Jabbar, Aspasia Soultati, Simon Chowdhury, Sarah Rudman, Joanna Lynch, Archana Fernando, Gordon Stamp, Emma Nye, Aengus Stewart, Wei Xing, Jonathan C. Smith, Mickael Escudero, Adam Huffman, Nik Matthews, Greg Elgar, Ben Phillimore, Marta Costa, Sharmin Begum, Sophia Ward, Max Salm, Stefan Boeing, Rosalie Fisher, Lavinia Spain, Carolina Navas, Eva Grönroos, Sebastijan Hobor, Sarkhara Sharma, Ismaeel Aurangzeb, Sharanpreet Lall, Alexander Polson, Mary Varia, Catherine Horsfield, Nicos Fotiadis, Lisa Pickering, Roland F. Schwarz, Bruno Silva, Javier Herrero, Nick M. Luscombe, Mariam Jamal-Hanjani, Rachel Rosenthal, Nicolai J. Birkbak, Gareth A. Wilson, Orsolya Pipek, Dezso Ribli, Marcin Krzystanek, Istvan Csabai, Zoltan Szallasi, Martin Gore, Nicholas McGranahan, Peter Van Loo, Peter Campbell, James Larkin, Charles Swanton, and the TRACERx Renal Consortium.
Deterministic Evolutionary Trajectories Influence Primary Tumor Growth: TRACERx Renal.
Cell (2018)
https:/ / doi. org/ 10. 1016/ j. cell. 2018. 03. 043
Earlier in the day, two people were hospitalized after being exposed to an unknown substance in the town of Amesbury, located not far from notorious Salisbury where the Skripal's had been allegedly poisoned four months ago.
Counter-terrorism officers have joined the investigation opened by the local Wiltshire police after two people were taken to hospital in critical condition being exposed to an unknown substance in southwest English city of Amesbury, the Metropolitan Police said Wednesday in a statement.
"As you would expect, given the recent events in Salisbury, officers from the counterterrorism network are working jointly with colleagues from Wiltshire Police regarding the incident in Amesbury," police said.
Meanwhile, UK Prime Minister Theresa May said that the emergency committee held a meeting in response to Wiltshire incident.
READ MORE: 2 Hospitalized After Exposure to 'Unknown Substance' in UK's Amesbury — Police
However, the police noted that it has not yet been established whether a crime was committed.
"It was initially believed that the two patients fell ill after using possibly heroin or crack cocaine from a contaminated batch of drugs. However, further testing is now ongoing to establish the substance which led to these patients becoming ill and we are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding this incident," the statement reads.
Earlier in the day, Wiltshire Police declared a major incident over suspicion that the two individuals Found unconcious in Amesbury might have fallen ill due to an unknown substance.
"There's no indication that the incident is in any way connected to Skripal case at this moment in time. I haven't seen anything in this incident yet but I would consider to be an overreaction," a source in the police told Sputnik.
© AP Photo / Matt Dunham The Curious Incident of Amesbury Pair Exactly 4 Months After Skripal Case Mooted on Twitter
The news about Amesbury incident broke on July 4, exactly four months after former Russian intelligence officer Sergei Skripal and their daughter Yulia were found unconscious on a bench near a shopping mall in Salisbury on March 4.
Back than the UK authorities blamed Russia for attempting to assassinate Skripal, who worked for the British intelligence, with what is believed by London to be the A234 nerve agent. Although the UK failed to provide evidence to substantiate its accusations, London rushed to retaliate, expelling Russian diplomats.
Russia denied having any role in the alleged poisoning and offered to assist in the investigation. However, its request for samples of the chemical substance used to poison the Skripals was rejected. Both Skripals have since been discharged from the hospital.
The Boystown Parking Ban Raises Issues of Race and Class
This spring will mark the second year of an expanded weekend parking ban on a half-mile stretch of Halsted Street between Belmont and Addison in Boystown. The parking restrictions were originally piloted in 2011 on the short segment of Halsted from Belmont to Buckingham Place, with parking banned between midnight and 5 a.m. Saturdays, Sundays and Mondays from spring through early fall.
Last August the restrictions were extended to Addison and expanded to start at 11 a.m. At the time, Chris Jessup, an assistant to 44th Ward alderman Tom Tunney, told the website ChicagoPride.com that the parking program was implemented in partnership with the 19th Chicago Police District, the Northalsted Business Alliance and community members. “The goals of this police order pilot program are to improve vehicular and pedestrian safety on Halsted and to discourage public drinking and loitering in and around parked vehicles,” they said, referring to gatherings residents have dubbed “car parties.”
The website CWB Chicago, which covers crime in Lakeview, reported in August that the restrictions were implemented after neighbors, many of them residents of a condominium near Belmont and Halsted, complained about “late night music blasting from parked cars, dancing on sidewalks, and drug dealing.” (It's interesting that dancing on the sidewalk in a buzzing nightlife district is considered a bad thing.)
“Essentially, the problem is people loitering or ‘hanging out' without any reasonable purpose,” local police commander Marc Buslik said, according to CWB. “[They're not] patronizing the businesses or visiting residents.”
Last week Crain's Greg Hinz, who lives in the area, reported that Tunney has said another reason for the ban is to clear up curbside space so that ride-hailing drivers can pick up and drop off passengers without double-parking, which stops traffic on the two-lane street.
While the ban is reportedly popular with local residents, and the parking restrictions don't seem to negatively affect businesses, some of the explanations for the policy appear to raise class and race issues. Is the policy simply an effort to prevent illegal behavior (and traffic jams), or is it also a question of exactly who is welcome to hang out on Halsted?
While crime has grabbed headlines in Boystown in recent years, statistics suggest there's a disconnect between residents' perceptions of its prevalence and reality. According to Chicago Tribune's data, Lakeview is amongst the city's safest neighborhoods, on par with predominantly residential ones on the far Northwest Side, such as Jefferson Park and Edison Park. This is in spite of Lakeview being home to two of the city's rowdiest nightlife areas—Boystown and nearby Wrigleyvile.
When you map crime incidents in Lakeview, the parking ban strip does have a higher density of illegal activity than some other parts of the neighborhood, and the Belmont/Clark/Halsted area is a hotspot. But it pales in comparison to the density of crime around Wrigley Field and the surrounding Wrigleyville bar district.
Even though illegal activity is a bigger problem in Wrigleyville, that strip isn't undergoing the same kind of late-night parking ban as Boystown. This different approach may be partly influenced by the different demographics of who frequents the two districts. While Wrigleyville's sports bars attract a predominantly straight, white, middle-class clientele, Chicago's gay village attracts a much more diverse crowd, because it functions as a Mecca for LGBTQ people from all over the city and suburbs regardless of race and class.
It's notable that the perception that Boystown has a crime problem picked up speed not long after the Center on Halsted community center, which offers counseling services, STD testing, after-school drop-in programs, and other services, opened in 2007. This landmark further attracted LGBTQ people seeking resources tailored to their needs, as well as a safe, judgment-free place to hang out and be themselves. This includes many youths, people of color, and lower-income individuals who don't fit the mold of the stereotypical white, more affluent Boystown bar patron.
Sadly, it is their presence that may be behind the perception that crime is on the rise and the streets are becoming more dangerous. This issue came to a head in 2011 when LGTBQ youth of color held protests asserting that they were being scapegoated for crime and racially profiled when they visited the area.
Of course, just because some residents believe that there's a crime problem doesn't mean that a neighborhood is actually less safe than other parts of town. In their book “Boystown,” sociologist Jason Orne examins the perception and reality of crime in the area and points to studies that show an increase in the presence of people of color in a community often correlates with residents sensing crime has gone up, even when it stays constant or drops. This is the case in Boystown. Indeed, Lakeview has seen an overall decline in crime incidents in recent years.
Normally a livable street advocate like myself would applaud a parking ban that makes it easier for people to access a popular nightlife district without driving there. But the Boystown restrictions are troubling because they seem to have the intention of discouraging people from spending time a neighborhood that's supposed to be a haven for them, simply because they don't have the money to buy drinks in nightclubs or know people who live in pricey condos.
The ban is troubling because it reeks of thinly veiled racism and classism towards Black, Brown, and lower-income LGTBQ people who want to enjoy themselves in a queer-friendly neighborhood, just like other Halsted Street visitors. This policy restricts access to public space under the pretense that “hanging out” and dancing on the sidewalk by people who can't afford cover charges and cocktails is inherently problematic, while drinking and dancing in clubs by people with thicker wallets is not.
As it stands, the ban makes it easier for police to target visitors of color or lower incomes, which makes Boystown less welcoming to people who don't have the same economic or social support systems as wealthier denizens. If the restrictions are truly needed, a better approach would be to pair this approach with public space initiatives like wider sidewalks, seating areas, pocket parks, and affordable food trucks. That would invite people of all backgrounds and income levels to come spend time and be themselves in the gay village.
Strong trade winds will bump up surf along east shores on Friday.
The National Weather Service has issued a High Surf Advisory until 6 p.m.
Forecasters say surf along east shores will reach 5 to 8 feet.
Expect strong breaking waves, shore break and strong longshore and rip currents that will make swimming difficult and dangerous.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
THE Federal Government is offering WA a $4.7 billion GST breakthrough it says will end the State's battle with the Commonwealth Grants Commission and deliver financial certainty to taxpayers.
In the biggest change to the GST allocation system since it was put in place by John Howard and Peter Costello in 2000, Treasurer Scott Morrison will today unveil an overhaul that leaves no State or Territory worse off while putting more money into the hands of the WA Government.
But the full journey to GST fairness will take eight years.
Rejecting key proposals from the Productivity Commission review of the GST system, the Federal Government wants a three-step process to smooth the year-to-year gyrations that have hurt WA since 2010.
Under Mr Morrison's proposal, the Federal Government will set a 70¢ in the dollar floor for WA's annual GST allocation.
This will deliver WA a $1.4 billion windfall over the next two years.
From 2021-22, the Gov-ernment will inject $600 million annually from general revenue into the GST pool as it begins a gradual change to the way the GST is allocated by the grants commission. Instead of allocating money to States to bring them in line with the nation's fiscally the strongest State, which for the past decade has been WA, a new measure based on either NSW or Victoria will be established.
The Government will lift its contribution to $850 million in 2024-25 when a 75¢ floor for all States and Territories will be introduced. Over the period, $5.2 billion, indexed in line with growth in GST collections, will flow from Federal taxpayers into the grants commission's pool.
Unlike the Government's previous top-ups to WA, this money will not be tied to specific projects or spending limitations. By the time the system is fully implemented in 2026-27, WA will have collected an extra $4.7 billion in GST over what had been expected.
Mr Morrison said the changes would protect all taxpayers, update the grants commission process and deliver certainty to States and Territories. “This problem has been kicked down the road for too long and it is time we now got on and fixed it,” they said. “A fair and sustainable transition to a new equalisation standard will be ensured, through an additional, direct, and permanent Commonwealth boost to the pool of funds to be distributed among the States.”
The move puts pressure on the Labor Party to reconsider its position on GST reform. It has offered a $2.1 billion Fair Share for WA package, taking the State's GST share to 70¢, but ruled out overhauling the GST allocation system.
The Federal Government's proposal will go to a meeting of State and Territory treasurers later this year. The proposed changes do not require legislation although the Government wants all States to sign off on the package.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A supporter of opposition leader Raila Odinga gestures in front of a burned barricade in Kibera slum in Nairobi, Kenya, on Monday (Reuters photo)
NAIROBI — Kenyans largely ignored an opposition call to go on strike on Monday, re-opening shops and returning to work as they shrugged off demands for demonstrations against President Uhuru Kenyatta's re-election and against the killing of protesters.
Cars, buses and motorcycles returned to the streets of the capital, Nairobi, and the western town of Kisumu after days of quiet due to fears of violence after last Tuesday's vote. Kenyatta beat rival Raila Odinga by securing more than 54 per cent of the vote, official results show.
A Kenyan human rights group said on Saturday that 24 people had been shot dead by police since election day. The government put the number of dead at 10, and said they died “in the course of quelling riots and unlawful assembly”. All deaths would be investigated, it added.
Allegations by Odinga of widespread electoral fraud have raised tensions in the East African country, where some 1,200 people were killed and 600,000 displaced in widespread ethnic violence after they lost a deeply flawed 2007 election.
Relief at the relatively muted protests this time, along with the re-election of a leader seen as pro-business and pro-growth, helped the stock market rise 2.5 per cent on Monday.
Shares have now climbed nearly 7 per cent since the eve of the August 8 election.
In Kibera, Nairobi's biggest slum and an opposition stronghold, many residents appeared to be observing the strike but minibuses wove their way through the rubble-strewn streets, and some food stalls and phone and money outlets had opened.
Ken Nabwere, a Nairobi resident, said they had little choice but to return to work even though they supported the opposition National Super Alliance (NASA) coalition which called the strike.
“I was supposed to vote and [leave] the rest to the politicians because if I was to boycott work today those guys don't pay my bills,” they told Reuters. “I would advise others that unless you have permission from your boss, then you better go to work.”
‘No work, no food'
Kenya, a country of 45 million people, is East Africa's economic heart. International observers said the vote was largely fair and a parallel tally by domestic monitors supported results that showed Kenyatta had won by a margin of 1.4 million votes.
But protests have erupted in areas of Nairobi and Kisumu, where Odinga has strong support. The Kenya Red Cross said on Monday it had treated 177 people, of whom 108 had serious injuries, since the election.
Kenyatta reiterated an appeal for the opposition to shun violence and take any complaints to court.
“I truly believe there is no single Kenyan anywhere who wants to see violence, looting and demonstrations that end up destroying property,” they said.
They also urged police to exercise restraint.
China on Monday congratulated Kenyatta on winning the election. Diplomats have piled pressure on Odinga to either concede or take their challenge to court.
The opposition has ruled out the latter option and says it will announce its strategy on Tuesday.
“Whatever our leader will say tomorrow is what we will do,” said Stephen Omondi, an opposition supporter in Nairobi's Mathare slum, holding a picture of a friend shot dead by police. “If they say go out, we will be on the streets. But if they say stay home then we will.”
Many in the capital's Kibera quarter were backing NASA'S strike call. “It's only a small portion of people who are working. People need food and money,” said 32-year-old community health volunteer Thomas Ogoni.
A small group of young men lit a fire of tyres and planks at a busy junction and danced round the flames. Nearby, a dozen women dressed in black and holding candles were sitting in the middle of road in a small peace vigil.
Business activity had largely resumed in Kisumu, with some supermarkets open and motorcycle taxi operators out and about. Civil servants also returned to their desks.
Some opposition supporters said they remained determined to overturn the result but, for many, the priority was earning some money after days of inactivity.
“No work, no food”, said Eric Wanjero, a motorcycle driver looking for passengers. “Business is disrupted still but I had to go out [today] and try to make my living.”
The Burger King manager who nearly died trying to protect their employees said they are thankful to be alive but regrets killing the gunman.
Scroll for more content...
Maurice Farris tackled one of three alleged masked intruders who tried to rob the restaurant on Gallatin Pike in Madison three weeks ago.
Investigators said at least two of the three people were armed, and entered through the kitchen. Farris recalled the adrenaline kicking in after they told everybody to get on the ground.
"My mind just flew from there. I saw the first guy wasn't really paying attention to me so I literally just jumped on him, tackled him, and took the gun from him, and I remember shooting him. The second guy kind of unloaded the clip on me and started shooting, shooting, shooting," Farris remembered.
By taking them down, Farris shot and killed 18-year-old Kenneth Jernigan, according to police.
However, Farris themselves was shot seven times in the leg, stomach and chest.
The manager of five years was taken to Vanderbilt University Medical Center in critical condition, and was only released on Sunday.
Those who are close with Farris always described them as caring, but their quick actions that night solidified their thoughts that they are also a hero.
"I can't say I'm a hero because I just feel like I did the right thing," Farris said. "I didn't want to put us in a situation where they would line us up and shoot all of us, I was that scared."
Farris also had their pregnant girlfriend in mind who was inside the restaurant during the incident.
While they are being praised for taking several bullets to keep everyone safe, Farris is bothered it ended up costing a young man's life.
"I still regret killing him. I feel like God doesn't have an excuse for you to kill somebody so if there was a way I could've just injured him, I'd feel a lot better," Farris added. "I took their life away and it makes me feel bad."
Despite what happened, they are looking forward to going back to work, which could take up to six weeks depending on their recovery.
"I'm thankful to be alive that's the biggest thing. I feel like God could've taken me so I feel like they have a plan for me and I really want to know what it is," Farris said.
Officials are still searching for the two accomplices who were allegedly with Jernigan.
Anyone knowing persons with whom Jernigan was recently associating is asked to make an anonymous call to Crime Stoppers at 615-74-CRIME.
A GoFundMe has been set up to help Farris' expenses. Click on this link to learn more.
[India], December 12 (ANI): A major fire broke out at a biscuit company in LB Nagar in Hyderabad early this morning.
The fire tenders immediately rushed to the spot and doused the flames.
No injuries or causalities have been reported yet.
More details are awaited. (ANI)
JOHANNESBURG, April 3 South Africa's Treasury is committed to a responsible fiscal path following S&P Global Ratings decision to cut the country's sovereign credit rating to "junk", it said on Monday.
"South Africa is committed to a predictable and consistent policy framework, which responds to changing circumstances in a measured and transparent fashion," the Treasury said in statement.
(Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana; Editing by James Macharia)
Fourth-year students at the University of Cyprus' (UCy) Medical School are being trained at the Bank of Cyprus Oncology Centre, the university announced on Friday after signing an agreement earlier in the year.
The university said in an announcement that the cooperation between the medical school and the oncology centre that was agreed last March had already helped students and patients.
The first goal of the cooperation agreement, the university said, is to bring the services of pathologist-oncologist Dr Anastasia Constantinidou, a faculty member of the medical school, to the oncology centre for ‘the joint, accredited diagnosis and treatment of patients with cancer'.
The second goal is the clinical training of medical students.
Students of the medical school are already being trained at the centre under the guidance of Dr Constantinidou. They participate in medical procedures and monitor the work of the day care unit, the radiotherapy clinic, the support therapy department, the pharmacy and the outpatient clinic.
Students are also given the opportunity to become acquainted with the oncology specialties practised at the centre, including radiotherapy, pathological oncology, haematological oncology and palliative care.
“Bringing together the best experts is an effective move that will benefit hundreds of patients each year and offer unique experiences to dozens of students of the medical school. The Bank of Cyprus Oncology Centre has excellent medical and nursing staff and excellent infrastructure. The students of the medical school of the University of Cyprus have gained and will gain significant experience from their training and clinical practice at the centre,” UCy's Rector Constantinos Christofides said.
PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) — Amazon recently sent out an email to hundreds of customers to let them know their purchased solar eclipse glasses were not confirmed safe for viewing the eclipse.
In the email, Amazon said,
To protect your eyes when viewing the sun or an eclipse, NASA and the American Astronomical Society (AAS) advise you to use solar eclipse glasses or other solar filters from recommended manufacturers. Viewing the sun or an eclipse using any other glasses or filters could result in loss of vision or permanent blindness. Amazon has not received confirmation from the supplier of your order that they sourced the item from a recommended manufacturer. We recommend that you DO NOT use this product to view the sun or the eclipse.”
Amazon also said in the email they were refunding buyers in full. It's currently unclear how many companies are affected by the recall. However, vendor ICSTARS later said all of their filters were safe to use.
Pam Ledbury, who lives in Damascus, said they were so excited to watch the eclipse until they received the email from Amazon, just 9 days before the solar eclipse.
“Thousands of us probably bought them because they are cheap,” Ledbury said.
However, Ledbury is grateful Amazon warned them about the potential faulty glasses.
Ledbury said, “It really was a good idea because if they are not sure, you can imagine how many people can go blind.”
They also said if they can't find appropriate glasses by Aug. 21, she'll watch the shadows move over their farmlands.
If you received this email from Amazon, there are other places to purchase eclipse glasses.
The American Astronomical Society has listed manufacturers of eclipse glasses on their site, which are verified to be compliant with the ISO 12312-2 international safety standard. NASA has also listed multiple ways to view the eclipse safely.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
From Stephen Colbert's Game of Thrones parody that put White House advisor Stephen Miller's head on a spike to Conan O'Brien's Nazi-themed jokes about the President's chief strategist Steve Bannon, ratings-seeking late-night talk show hosts have apparently gone scorched-earth against President Donald Trump's administration.
Miller's TV profile rose over the weekend as they defended the Trump administration's various policies on several Sunday talk shows. Miller told George Stephanopoulos that they would go on “any show, anywhere, anytime, and repeat it, and say the president of the United States is correct, 100 percent.”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
To that, Colbert responded, “If you don't show up, I'm gonna call you a liar. And if you do show up, I'm gonna call you a liar to your face,” and placed Miller in a minute-long parody video that featured various television characters violently attacking him.
As it were, going full-fledged anti-Trump has worked well for Colbert's ratings. Having never topped their late-night competitor Jimmy Fallon, the CBS funnyman has bested The Tonight Show host in total viewers for two straight weeks, according to ratings released on Tuesday.
Indeed, it was more of the same across the late-night spectrum on Monday night.
TBS joker Conan O'Brien cracked a pun in which they made Bannon out to be a Nazi sympathizer.
“Crazy story: At an international tennis match, U.S. officials accidentally played the Nazi national anthem. Yeah, White House adviser Steve Bannon was outraged, and said, ‘We're not rolling that out till August. C'mon, supposed to be a surprise!'” O'Brien joked.
Elsewhere, Jimmy Fallon lampooned Education Secretary Betsy DeVos as dim-witted and dense after their department's official Twitter account posted a tweet that misspelled the name of W. E. B. DuBois.
“Colbert has been experiencing a bit of a surge as of late, and like Saturday Night Live's resurgence, they have President Trump to thank for that,” vice president and director of programming research at Amplifi US Billie Gold told Variety. “While Fallon will likely take the reign back in future weeks and win the season in all viewer metrics, in this politically-charged climate, Colbert's numbers will definitely be recharged.”
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson
Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily Four-Evening' game
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the Indiana Lottery's "Daily Four-Evening" game were:
4-6-0-7, SB: 6
(four, six, zero, seven; SB: six)
So, you hear the noises coming from your kitchen and you know that there is nobody out there. You open your cabinet to get out some noodles to cook for supper and find that the box has been chewed by something. You need to read through the article below to learn how to rid yourself of the pests in your home.
Ask any professional you hire for references. Just because they have an ad in your yellow pages does not mean that they do good business. They only way to be sure that you are going to get your money's worth is to verify that their other customers are satisfied with their work.
You do not always have to call an exterminator when you are trying to get rid of mice. There are several methods you can use including glue traps and poison. If you are concerned with harming the mice, you can repel them with specially made electronic devices that emit sounds they don't like.
Bedbugs have a habit of hiding in tiny places, which makes them hard to eliminate. Always seal holes if you are going to be 'bug bombing'. The insects will not be able to get in holes.
Pesky mosquitoes are known to multiply in stagnant water. If you have a birdbath in your yard, change the water every three days. Many people also suggest adding lavender to a birdbath to help combat your mosquito population. So, try adding it to your birdbath each time you refill it.
If you are dealing with bedbugs, be wary. Bedbugs are able to get as long as a year without food. This is the reason it is important to close off all holes in your home's walls and floors. This makes it impossible for bedbugs to hide.
If cracks and crevices are visible, make certain to seal them immediately. These are one of the most common entry points for bugs into a home. They fit between even the tiniest cracks. You must seal them up to keep the bugs out.
If you have ants, look for boric acid. Boric acid, sometimes listed as orthoboric acid, is the most effective pesticide for ants. In addition, many of the baits containing this are safe for use around pets and children, although you should always carefully read all safety labels to be sure.
Eliminate pests naturally. Sometimes you don't need to resort to chemicals to control pests. Removing sources of water, food and shelter is one way to get rid of them. This is particularly effective in the case of rodents. If you have pets, don't leave food or water bowls outside, and ensure that you don't have any holes or cracks in the exterior of your home.
Every once in a while, check the whole house, even if you do not see any problems right now. If part of your house's support structure is underground, then your house may be subject to subterranean termites who can eat the area of house that you do not see very often. Make sure crawl spaces and basements are inspected thoroughly.
Are there cracks in your walls? As a home ages, it develops cracks and other structural changes. These are able to be used for entry by pests that are small. Inspect the ceiling also. Ceiling cracks can be a path for pests to enter your home.
Make your home less inviting to scorpions. Ensure that all of your plants, trees, and shrubs are not touching the sides of your home, which would give the scorpions a point of access into your home. Also keep your lawn adequately mowed and keep piles of wood and brush small.
Try to learn what you can about the pest that is invading your home. The more that you know about its habits and ideal diet the more that you can do to keep them out of your home. For example, cockroaches love paper, so you would not want to have newspaper stored anywhere in your home.
While squirrels are cute, they can do a lot of damage if they get into the attic area of a home. Many times they chew through electrical wires, creating a fire hazard. Make sure any areas where cables or electrical wire enter the home is protected so they cannot chew a larger hole and gain access to the interior.
You should not use pesticide when it is windy, hot or humid outside or when it is raining. These conditions will cause the pesticide to spread and pollute your area. Always check the label of the products you buy and make sure you use the product safely and in reasonable quantities.
Pests can damage your home if you do not address the problem early. The key is taken care of the problem while it is still small. Do not wait, or you will find the problem uncontrollable. Follow the helpful advice in this article, and you can have yourself a pest-free home.
From the New York Times:
WASHINGTON — Phone records and intercepted calls show that members of Donald J. Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election, according to four current and former American officials.
The Ohio Attorney General's Office certified two petitions for proposed amendments to the Ohio Constitution.
On November 17, 2017, the Ohio Attorney General's Office received two written petitions to amend the Ohio Constitution, entitled “The Initiative and Referendum Amendment for Counties and Townships” and “The Ohio Community Rights Amendment,” from a petitioning committee called Ohio Community Rights. The petitions were both certified today as containing both the necessary 1,000 valid signatures from registered Ohio voters and a “fair and truthful” summary of the proposed amendment.
“Without passing upon the advisability of the approval or rejection of the measure to be referred, but pursuant to the duties imposed upon the Attorney General's Office […] I hereby certify that the summary is a fair and truthful statement of the proposed law,” Attorney General DeWine stated in the certification letter for each petition.
Once the summary language and initial signatures are certified, the Ohio Ballot Board must determine if the amendments each contain a single issue or multiple issues. The petitioners must then collect signatures for each issue from registered voters in each of 44 of Ohio's 88 counties, equal to 5 percent of the total vote cast in the county for the office of governor at the last gubernatorial election. Total signatures collected statewide must also equal 10 percent of the total vote cast for the office of governor at the last gubernatorial election.
The full text of the letters and the amendment petitions submitted can be found at www.OhioAttorneyGeneral.gov/Petitions.
Gold. The word brings to mind wedding rings, buried treasure and California in the 1840's.
But when gold is reduced to 1/100,000 the size of a human hair, it takes on an entirely new personality.
By attaching gold nanoparticles to the surface of a microlaser, researchers in the USC Viterbi School of Engineering demonstrated a frequency comb that takes up less space and requires 1000 times less power than current comb technology.
A frequency comb is a device that can create a rainbow of light from a single color. These devices have been used to improve cybersecurity, detection of toxic chemicals, and GPS. However, these industrial combs are generated using large systems requiring watts of input power. In order to create smaller systems that could enable residential or portable applications, the power requirements for wavelength generation and the device size must be significantly reduced.
The research team led by Andrea Armani, a professor in the Mork Family Department of Chemical Engineering and Materials Science, has demonstrated frequency combs requiring only milliwatts of input power by attaching gold nanorods to the surface of a single microlaser. The interaction of the light from the microlaser with the gold particles results in many additional wavelengths being generated. This process is further improved by a polymer coating on the nanoparticles. The power reduction decreases the system's footprint and takes the technology from the lab to real-world applications where both power consumption and size are important.
"These results exemplify what can happen if researchers from different fields work together on a basic science problem that has applied research impact," said Armani, the Ray Irani Chair in Engineering and Materials Science, whose lab is part of the new USC Michelson Center for Convergent Bioscience.
"By combining expertise in optics and in nanomaterials, we made exceptionally fast progress that challenged and disproved the conventional thought in the field that gold nanoparticles would be detrimental to the laser."
Co-lead author Vinh Diep describes the project as using innovations in nanomaterials to solve an integrated optics problem.
"The role of the gold nanorods is to increase the intensity of the light circulating in the device," Diep said. "The higher-intensity light can then interact with organic molecules on the surface of the gold to generate other wavelengths of light. This combined effect allows for the comb generation to begin at a much lower power than the traditional pulsed-laser approach."
Diep, a Materials Science PhD student, explained that a frequency comb that contains numerous emission wavelengths over a large wavelength range is advantageous. By using the gold nanorod coating, the research team observed a comb that can span over a wavelength range of 300 nanometers. Without the gold nanorods, a comb could not be generated at the same power.
Demonstrating a large range shows the device's strong potential for applications in developing a portable chemical spectroscopy system, where the chemical signal only occurs at a specific wavelength, and the accuracy is dependent on the light source.
The research was led by Vinh Diep and Rigoberto Castro-Beltrán, a USC-Conacyt Scholar at the University of Guanajuato. Additional engineering researchers involved were fellow PhD student Soheil Soltani and post-doctoral scholar Eda Gungor. The study has been accepted for publication in ACS Photonics.
###
In recognition of its potential societal impact, the 2005 Nobel Prize in Physics was given for frequency comb generation.
About the USC Michelson Center for Convergent Bioscience
The center brings together a diverse network of premier scientists and engineers from the USC Dornsife College of Letters, Arts and Sciences, USC Viterbi School of Engineering and Keck School of Medicine of USC to solve some of the greatest intractable problems of the 21st century - from autism, to cancer, to neurological disease, to cardiovascular disease. The team of world-class scientists representing several disciplines - engineering, biological sciences, computer science, chemistry, medicine, nanomedicine, neuroscience, and physics - will be the catalyst that precipitates a sea change in research and development at USC and the world, establishing a model for innovation in precision medicine that quickly translates from the bench to the bedside in the form of new drug therapies, cures, high-tech diagnostics and biomedical devices.
With a generous $50 million gift from Gary K. Michelson, a retired orthopedic spinal surgeon, and their wife, Alya Michelson, the USC Michelson Center for Convergent Bioscience is a transformative opportunity for USC to influence the course of scientific discovery and biomedicine for generations to come. The center is scheduled to open this fall.
USC Viterbi School of Engineering
A new study by Yusheng Feng, professor of mechanical engineering at The University of Texas at San Antonio (UTSA), describes an algorithm that can predict the growth of cancerous tumors, which could help medical professionals judge the best treatment options for patients.
Feng first began researching cancer in 2002, predicting the outcomes of cancer treatments that utilize laser technology.
"In that project, we were using the heat of a laser to kill the cancer cells of the tumor," they said. "We had to use a computer simulation to show the amount of heat we were going to use and for how long, so we didn't damage any non-cancerous tissue."
In this project, Feng learned just how beneficial computer simulations can be when approaching treatments, especially cancer treatments, which regularly require surgery.
"One of the biggest advantages you can give a doctor and their patient knows how fast a tumor is growing," they said. "This helps you to make the decision of not just when to treat someone, how to treat them."
Feng collaborated with colleagues at The University of Texas at Austin and the MD Anderson Cancer Center to create the algorithm described in the study. It takes into account major biological events in the tissue and cells of the patient, as well as the patterns of growth of several different types of cells, among dozens of other factors. As a result, the algorithm is applicable to all types of cancers.
"Prediction is always good," they said. "But treatments also always benefit from patient-specific treatment and precision medicine."
Feng has plans to apply the algorithm to a computer program that can aid medical professionals in judging which treatments, if any, are appropriate for a patient's tumor based on how slowly or quickly it's growing.
"A tumor cell is nothing but a normal cell out of control in the wrong place," they said. "That's why cancer is so hard to treat: it's yourself."
###
UTSA is ranked among the top 400 universities in the world and among the top 100 in the nation, according to Times Higher Education.
[India], December 11 (ANI): Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Monday urged to promote indigenous manufacturing of electronic goods.
Jaitley averred that steps have been taken by the Government in last three years including rationalisation of the tariff structure with extension of differential excise duty dispensation on specified electronic equipments and withdrawal of duty exemption etc to promote the same.
Arun Jaitley held the 6th Pre-Budget consultation meeting with stakeholders from IT (Hardware & Software) Group which highlighted the steps taken by Centre to make India a global hub for electronics manufacturing; seek help against protectionist policies; also seek tax incentives for growth of the sector.
During the meeting, Finance Minister said that "in the Union Budget 2017-18, with the aim of creating an eco-system to make India a global hub for electronics manufacturing, the allocation for incentive schemes like M-SIPS and Export Declaration Form (EDF) has been exponentially increased to Rs. 745 crores." The IT sector representatives invited the attention of Minister to the fact that India's competence in IT-Software is recognised globally. In recent times, software development and information technology enabled services (ITeS) including business process outsourcing (BPO)/ knowledge process outsourcing services (KPO) industry in India has emerged as one of the most dynamic and vibrant sectors in India's economy with huge employment potential. They however pointed out that considering some recent protectionist and discriminatory policies followed by other countries, the IT sector would need Government's help at Policy level to ensure combat visa restrictions issues as also to ensure our economic interests. Similar to steps taken in previous budget to promote indigenous manufacturing of electronic goods, more steps to include rationalization of the tariff structure with extension of differential excise duty dispensation to mobile handsets/ tablet computers and other specified electronic equipment, should be taken in the forthcoming budget for Promoting Broadband; Access for easier fund for Telecom; Tax free Bond for Telecom; Lowering GST on Telecom services to 12 per cent instead of 18 per cent; BCD on all non ITA-1 products; Depreciation benefits for Make in India; Promote components hub; Keep Electronics Sector out of RCEP and increase import duty on Mobile handsets. (ANI)
On Dec. 8th members of the Blackfalds RCMP conducted a traffic stop on Hwy. 2, near 67th St. An investigation was entered into and the driver was arrested for possession of substances under the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act. A further search of the driver and vehicle yielded a large seizure of cocaine and methamphetamine as well as a firearm, cash and cell phones. The estimated total value of drugs and cash seized is in excess of $80,000.00.
A 29-year-old has been charged with possession for the purpose of trafficking, possession of property obtained by crime over $5000.00, possession of a weapon for a dangerous purpose and unauthorized possession of a firearm.
They were released on $10,000 cash bail and is scheduled to appear in Red Deer Provincial Court in January.
– Connolly
At least one person was killed and 30 others injured in Charlottesville, Virginia when white nationalists protesting plans to remove the statue of a Confederate general clashed with counter-demonstrators and a car plowed into a crowd.
Speech to Text for ISU voting centers
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
is trying to engage "younger" voters.. news 10's kylee stewart is live at indiana state university. they tell us just how they'll go about this.. a round table discussion was held today at the vigo county clerk's office .. and a voting center at i-s-u was a hot topic.. tanner smith is a student at indiana state university. he's also the president of the student government association. smith hopes to see more students take an interest in government. "students get the opportunity to vote and if we see them actually engaged in the process then i think the next time that another big election comes around or even a smaller election, we'll see them actually taking interest in it." the vigo county electoral board also wants to get the younger generations engaged and registered to vote.. "because as we get older, who's going to be voting?" that's why the board held a round table discussion. the meeting consisted of members of the board.. and i-s-u students.. participants talked about adding a voting center on campus. it would be a "3" machine voting center .. their goal is to have around "800" plus voters.. vigo county clerk brad newman says they want to see a four percent increase in vigo county voters.. "it's a huge population in a small space and having a voting center there would be great as long as it's used the correct way." even if the university does not receive a voting center.. community leaders still hope to see college students learning more about voting.. "and that they understand that their vote does matter" you do have to be registered in vigo county to vote! smith just hopes their classmates will vote in the election this year.. and hopefully at i-s-u. "by the end of this the next time i ask a friend if they have a different opinion they'll be able to come back and say yes i did vote. yes i know who's running." the board says they still have a few more meetings before they make a final decision.. they are also hoping to get the meadows shopping center as a voting center as well. reporting live at indiana state university.. i'm kylee stewart..back to you.. many people want to be generous and help
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict them on rape and other sex charges.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict them on rape and other sex charges.
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing their intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going to die.".
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing their intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going...
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to their arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to their arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, their mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, their mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
By JAMIE STENGLE
Associated Press
DALLAS (AP) - Texas Gov. Greg Abbott on Wednesday called for schools to have more armed personnel and said they should put greater focus on spotting student mental health problems but they proposed only a few small restrictions on guns following a shooting at a high school near Houston that left 10 people dead.
The Republican and staunch gun-rights supporter released a 43-page report following three days of mostly closed-door meetings last week organized with school district officials, shooting survivors and groups on both sides of the gun-control debate, among others.
The recommendations are voluntary and some would require changes to state laws that would need approval from the Legislature, which doesn't come back into session until 2019. School districts wishing to make some of the changes could begin doing so, such as sending staff for free gun training this summer.
The lack of major gun control measures is not surprising in a state that embraces its gun-friendly reputation and has more than 1.2 million people licensed to carry handguns.
The only significant gun-related proposal was a possible "red flag" law, although Abbott gave it a tepid endorsement, asking leaders of the Legislature to "consider the merits." Eight states have red flag laws that allow family, law enforcement and others to file a petition to remove firearms from a potentially dangerous person. Florida, Vermont and Maryland passed such laws after the mass school shooting in Florida in February.
Abbott's report does not appear to depart much from the playbook of the powerful National Rifle Association following school shootings.
Alice Tripp, legislative director for the NRA-affiliated Texas State Rifle Association said Abbott's proposals wouldn't lead to weapons being seized without some protections for gun owners. "Gov. Abbott has pledged due process. He's a gun owner himself," Tripp said.
Abbott is proposing a change to the state law that says guns can't be accessible to children under 17, with exceptions such as hunting or parent supervision. He's encouraging the Legislature to consider making the law also apply to 17-year-olds. Authorities have charged a 17-year-old student, Dimitrios Pagourtzis, with capital murder in the May 18 attack at Santa Fe High School. Pagourtzis is accused of using a shotgun and .38 revolver that belonged to their father.
Abbott also wants a new law that would require gun owners to report a lost or stolen firearm within 10 days.
The report says the state will have access to nearly $70 million through federal funding and state grants for the proposals. The state also expects to compete for an additional $40 million from federal programs, and Abbott says he'll ask state lawmakers for a further $30 million.
"We all share a common bond: And that is we want action to prevent another shooting like what happened at Santa Fe High School," Abbott, who is campaigning for re-election, said during a news conference at Dallas school district headquarters.
Abbott's Democratic opponent for governor, Lupe Valdez, said it's "astounding" how few of the proposals directly address gun violence.
So far, the governor has not been enthusiastic about calls for a special legislative session on gun laws - a sharp contrast to the response in Florida following the February high school shooting there that killed 17 people. Florida lawmakers, who were already in session, passed a gun-control package three weeks later, thanks in part to a lobbying campaign led by student survivors of the attack.
In Texas, any attempts to create a mechanism to seize weapons is likely to be met with skepticism in a Republican-controlled Legislature that has expanded the rights of gun owners in recent years and made it easier and cheaper to be licensed to carry a handgun.
Also unlike the students in Florida, several students at Santa Fe High School have been vocal opponents of increased gun control, including some who were invited to meet with Abbott last week.
Kris Brown, the co-president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence, said: "The answer to preventing school shootings isn't some deep-seated secret. It's guns. It's the fact that it's frighteningly easy for dangerous people to get access to a gun, and this proposal does little to stop that."
Texas State Teachers Association President Noel Candelaria said they "strongly objects" to arming more teachers. "Teachers are trained to teach and to nuture, not double up as security guards," Candelaria said.
Abbott's recommendations include measures to "harden" campuses such as creating vestibules where doors must by remotely unlocked before visitors enter, installing metal detectors and having an alarm that would signal there's an active shooter.
Abbott is also recommending an expansion of a program that identifies students at risk of committing violence and provides help for them. They also want to increase the number of people trained to identify signs of mental illness and increase awareness of a state system that allows people to report people who may be a threat and suspicious activity.
__
Associated Press reporter Jim Vertuno contributed to this report from Austin.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - The head of an Indian hospital where dozens of children died in recent days has been suspended, as officials traded blame over cash shortfalls that led to supplies of medical oxygen being cut.
The government of Uttar Pradesh state, run by India's ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), suspended the head of the state-run BRD Medical College, Rajeev Misra, late on Saturday and ordered an investigation.
Indian media have said the deaths of 60 children, 34 infants among them, were caused in part by oxygen shortages after a private supplier cut the supply over unpaid bills.
Hospital officials deny lack of oxygen caused the deaths, saying alternative supplies were found, and blamed many of the deaths instead on encephalitis and unspecified issues related to delivery of the infants.
On Sunday, J.P. Nadda, health minister in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's cabinet, visited the hospital in the town of Gorakhpur, 800 km (507 miles) east of New Delhi, accompanied by the state's chief minister, Yogi Adityanath.
After the visit, the chief minister urged patience until the investigation was complete.
"We will know - whether it was because of an oxygen shortage or due to a lack of proper treatment," Adityanath told reporters. "Those found guilty will not be spared."
Nadda said a team of doctors from New Delhi was working with the local authorities and the federal government was ready to send more assistance. They said Modi was also monitoring the developments.
The issue of the unpaid bills for oxygen supply has become a flashpoint in relations between the hospital and the state government, after the suspended hospital chief on Saturday accused state officials of not answering their requests for money.
"I wrote at least three letters," Misra told television reporters on Saturday, adding that they had flagged the issue in video conference discussions.
Children are seen in the intensive care unit in the Baba Raghav Das hospital in Gorakhpur district, India August 13, 2017. Cathal McNaughton
Reuters was unable to immediately contact Misra for comment.
Adityanath, who had visited the hospital on Aug. 9, said no issue of unpaid bills was brought to their attention and all requests for funds were met promptly.
PRESSURE ON BJP
A man sleeps in a room containing oxygen tanks in the Baba Raghav Das hospital in Gorakhpur district, India August 13, 2017. Cathal McNaughton
Opposition parties have stepped up the pressure on the state government, demanding the resignations of Adityanath and the state health minister.
"This government is a murderer," said Raj Babbar, head of the opposition Congress party in Uttar Pradesh.
Uttar Pradesh is India's most populous and politically-prized state, where the BJP's thumping victory has strengthened Modi's claim to a second term in 2019.
Gorakhpur, a down-at-heel town near the border with Nepal, is Adityanath's political base, which elected them to parliament five times before Modi asked them to lead Uttar Pradesh, after a landslide BJP election victory in March.
A study of government data by nonprofit body Brookings India showing the district has a 26 percent shortage of primary health centres.
Encephalitis outbreaks kill hundreds in India every year, especially during the monsoon season.
India's expenditure on public health is about one percent of GDP, among the world's lowest. In recent years, Modi's government has increased health spending and vowed to make healthcare more affordable.
NEW YORK – Airlines made a ton of money off baggage fees between July and September. $1.2 billion, to be exact.
The figure, released Monday by the Department of Transportation, is a record, up about 10% from the same period last year.
Baggage fees also hit an all-time high last quarter, totaling $1.18 billion between April and June.
The growing popularity of basic economy fares is one reason for the spike, according to Brett Snyder, a former airline manager and editor of the travel blog Crankyflier.com.
Passengers who buy basic economy tickets typically can't use a plane's overhead bins to store luggage — so if a flier arrives at the airport and finds out their or their bag is too big to fit under the seat, they're asked to check it, Snyder said. Then they get socked with a fee.
Both American Airlines and United Airlines rolled out basic economy class tickets in the past year. They're cheaper than standard economy tickets, but only let fliers carry one small personal item on board.
Additionally, more passengers have been flying in general, thanks to a healthy economy and relatively low fares.
The numbers of passengers traveling on U.S. carriers between January and August was up about 3% compared to the same period last year, according to Department of Transportation data.
“This is a good year for travel, so more people are checking bags,” said Joe Brancatelli, a travel writer who runs the blog “Joe Sent Me.”
In January, the Obama administration sought more transparency on baggage fees by issuing a rule that would have required airlines to disclose fees for checked and carry-on bags to fliers upfront, before they bought their tickets.
Last week, the Department of Transportation announced it was withdrawing the proposed regulation, which it said was of “limited public benefit.”
You could probably sell tickets to a screening of Kate Winslet and Idris Elba watching paint dry, so a survival/romance movie featuring the two definitely has some appeal. Directed by Hany Abu-Assad ("Paradise Now," "The Idol") and adapted from a novel by Charles Martin, "The Mountain Between Us" opens Friday, October 6th — is getting stranded on an icy mountain with Winslet and Elba heartwarming enough to be worth your time? Here's what the reviews have to say:
The Not-Yet-A-Couple Ends Up Stranded After Beau Bridges Kicks The Bucket (Sorry, Beau)
Winslet stars as Alex and Elba as Ben. She's a daring photojournalist who's not afraid to take a few plunges in life, while he's an anal-retentive British neurosurgeon based in Baltimore. (Did Stringer Bell attend medical school?) When the two meet at Salt Lake City airport after their flight is cancelled, they charter a plane together so that Alex can make it to their own wedding and Ben can attend an important conference. It seems like a good idea for about two minutes until their pilot (Beau Bridges) drives them into a storm and then has what looks to be a stroke.
[The Hollywood Reporter]
Injured and desperate, they hope and pray for rescue. As time passes, Alex believes they should try their luck down the mountain. Ben disagrees; it would be suicide to leave the safety of the wreckage. Both headstrong and fierce willed; the two have to overcome major personality differences if they are to survive. The unforgiving winter, vast wilderness, and dangerous predators await them.
[MovieWeb]
Oscar Nominated Director Hany Abu-Assad Probably Isn't Trying For An Awards Nod Here (And That's Fine)
A Dutch-Palestinian director whose previous features include the politically supercharged “Paradise Now” and the inspirational singing competition drama “The Idol,” Abu-Assad is both a fire-starter and a classicist, and their glossiest project to date finds them compromising on each of their strengths in order to play into them both.
[IndieWire]
If judged through the lens of how Oscar-worthy it is, then it's a non-starter (which might explain some sniffy early reviews) but as an unpretentious and unashamedly mainstream romantic adventure, it's a solidly entertaining diversion, old-fashioned in its no-frills brand of storytelling and direction.
[The Guardian]
With another cast or another director this would all be pure fluff — which the film is during its more calculated moments — but Abu-Assad has both a lightness of touch and a visceral sense of place, grounding their romance in the rough splendors of the great outdoors while inserting enough humor to keep things cheerful[...]
[The Hollywood Reporter]
It'll Tug At Your Heart Strings A Bit Without Losing Steam
Will you cry? Maybe. Director Abu-Assad and screenwriters Chris Weitz and J. Mills Goodloe certainly want to flush those tears right outta your ducts, although they don't seem to understand — or maybe they just aren't especially interested in — the themes that Martin was attempting to explore when they wrote the book, which focuses more on how difficult it can be to live up to the traditional ideals of love and marriage.
[Variety]
There's something admirably to the point about the way The Mountain Between Us unfolds. It zips along at a tightly controlled pace and, as scripted by the About a Boy and Rogue One screenwriter Chris Weitz, the dialogue is refreshingly brisk and often quite witty.
[The Guardian]
There's a grittier version of this story, with a deeper examination of the morals involved, but that's not what director Hany Abu-Assad wanted to make. This is a likeable, witty, romantic adventure film and on those virtues, it succeeds.
[Empire]
Elba And Winslet Easily Carry The Film With Their Talents
Winslet and Elba make a reasonably good couple. He's far manlier than practically any of the other male stars working today, but etched with a sensitive side that comes out when it's finally revealed why they seem less concerned about their wife than they do their fiancé. And Winslet can be tough: After all, they survived the sinking of the Titanic, so it'll take more than plunging through the surface of a frozen to stop them here.
[Variety]
Elba has been underutilised as a romantic lead but, with their easy charm and charisma (and, let's not kid ourselves, incredible looks), he's ideal for the role. And it's refreshing to see them paired with an actor (within a couple of years of) their own age, rather than — as it is far more common — 20 years their junior.
[Empire]
[Elba]'s a charming romantic lead and there's a nice gender role flip-flop in the film, with their character defined as overly cautious and timid while Winslet is the reckless, adventurous type.
[The Guardian]
It's A Very Good-Looking Film (Er, Aside From The Cast)
Credit is also due to cinematographer Mandy Walker (Hidden Figures), who captures the breathtaking settings (the film was shot in Canada) with widescreen compositions that plunge us into the middle of an endless snowy paradise. In fact, everything looks so good that you don't really want Alex and Ben to make it out, although the more they seem to be falling for one another, the more chances they seem to have.
[The Hollywood Reporter]
Mandy Walker's beautifully-lit cinematography makes the scenery at their disposal feel like some kind of snowy wonderland.
[The Film Stage]
Its Worst Sins Are Being Fine, Forgettable And Overlong
Beaufoy's screenplay attempts to be a sweeping, profoundly romantic epic set in the Rocky Mountains, but there isn't much pathos to chew on beyond that basic conceit. For the most part, this is digestible entertainment that follows in the same path that has infused other snowy survival tales such as Everest, Vertical Limit, and Touching the Void.
[The Film Stage]
They deal with hunger and the elements, but you never see them struggle to start a fire or build a shelter. It just happens and we accept it. Their directorial focus is squarely on their burgeoning relationship juxtaposed against the harsh, but majestically beautiful wilderness. This leads to a third act that some may find distracting and overly vanilla.
[MovieWeb]
“The heart is nothing but a muscle,” Ben declares, but sometimes — they learn — you need its strength to survive. Maudlin and majestic in equal measure, “The Mountain Between Us” suffers the same paralyzing indecision that afflicts Alex and Ben: It can't figure out if it wants to live, or if it just wants to make it out alive, and that makes it overstretched third act into the trying ordeal of all.
[IndieWire]
TL;DR
The fact that you do care about their being together means Abu-Assad and company have succeeded, at the most basic level, what they set out to achieve. If anything, this well-directed, serviceable yarn proves the importance of casting — especially when we're spending nearly two hours with just two actors.
[The Film Stage]
Watch The Trailer
WASHINGTON — Justin Trudeau says they pushed for an exemption on Canadian steel and aluminum imports to the United States during their phone call this week with Vice-President Mike Pence.
The prime minister says the government is pushing the U.S. on multiple economic fronts, including getting a deal on a renegotiated NAFTA.
Using a national-security clause in U.S. trade law, President Donald Trump is threatening to slap potentially crippling steel and aluminum tariffs on Canada, Mexico and other countries when their exemptions are due to expire Friday.
Pence "seemed to understand very clearly that national-security issues don't really apply when you talk about steel or aluminum from Canada," Trudeau said of their conversation.
"We're continuing to work, highlighting that it would be not great for Canadian workers and Canadian industry, obviously, but it also would be difficult for American workers, American jobs and American consumers, who will pay more for various products."
That is on top of intense effort by Canada, the U.S. and Mexico to get a deal on a renegotiated North American Free Trade Agreement in time for the current iteration of the U.S. Congress, and ahead of what's expected to be a turning-point election in Mexico on July 1.
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland pushed the steel and NAFTA issues during their meeting Tuesday in Washington with Trump's trade czar Robert Lighthizer.
"Canada considers it frankly absurd that we would in any way be considered a national security threat to the United States," they said of the tariff threat, which comes under Sec. 232 of the U.S. Trade Expansion Act.
"I would like to absolutely assure Canadians, particularly those that work in the steel and aluminum industries, that the government is absolutely prepared to and will defend Canadian industries and Canadian jobs. We will respond appropriately."
Freeland left Washington empty-handed earlier today, while Lighthizer and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross were off to Paris to talk tariffs with nervous European Union counterparts.
Posted by admin on March 20, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
0 14 retailers on bankruptcy watch for 2018
The year 2018 has gotten off to a bad start for retail, with Toys R Us announcing the closure of nearly all its U.S. stores. Meanwhile, Sam's Club, Macy's, Sears, Bon-Ton and others have all announced new rounds closures in a year that's only one quarter done!
As the retail industry continues ailing — led by more shoppers looking for deals online and shopping at off-price chains — we're gearing up for a year chock full of expected bankruptcies.
RELATED: 2018 store closure list
14 stores on the brink of bankruptcy
Last month, struggling department store Bon-Ton announced that it had entered bankruptcy and may wind down operations over the new few weeks.
Now the latest shoe to drop on the bankruptcy watch has been teen retailer Claire's.
The mall-based purveyor of tween jewelry trends and ear piercings announced the news in a March 19 press release.
Fortunately, Claire's looks like it will escape the liquidation fate that's befallen Toys R Us.
The company plans to shed $1.9 billion in debt and hopes to emerge from bankruptcy as a “healthier, more profitable company, which will position us to be an even stronger business partner for our suppliers, concessions partners, and franchisees.”
But bankruptcy is still a fate that awaits many other retailers in 2018. Here's a look at who's likely to turn up in bankruptcy court as the year goes on, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence.
STORE PROBABILITY OF DEFAULT IN 2018 Sun Pacific Holding Corp. (formerly EXOlifestyle) 44.38% Sears Holding Corp. (Sears and Kmart) 25.37% Razer Inc. 22.86% Vince Holding Corp. 17.94% Bebe Stores Inc. 10.17% Destination Maternity Corp. 9.34% Destination XL Group Inc. (big and tall men's apparel) 8.78% Stein Mart Inc. 8.24% Christopher & Banks Corp. 8.04% Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores Inc. (Sears Outlet) 7.23% DGSE Cos Inc. (Dallas Gold and Silver Exchange) 6.50% Burlington Stores Inc. 5.96% Tailored Brands Inc. (Men's Wearhouse, Joseph A. Bank) 5.69% Clarus Corp. (formerly known as Black Diamond) 5.36%
Some names on this list like Sears Holding Corp. and Bebe Stores announced store closures in 2017 and 2018. Other names — such as Sun Pacific, Razer and Clarus — are manufacturers first and have a small retail footprint that's almost an afterthought.
Both no matter which camp they fall into, all these retailers face the same core problems.
Those troubles include declining store traffic, liquidity issues, management challenges, weakened competitive positions, ailing credit ratings, exposure to unfavorable borrowing terms, highly promotional pricing that cuts into margins and supply chain interruptions.
That final factor is particularly distressing for those stores that are fast-fashion retailers. Such retailers live and die by being able to get the hottest trends into stores as quickly as possible.
Clark.com
Greater Mekong Subregion (GMS) integration has brought about tremendous change to the Southeast Asia region, and this has not only had many benefits but has caused many problems. Moreover the characteristic differences among the GMS countries in terms of trade and investment, society and cultural values, medical information and technology, and the living and work environment have become major health problems in terms of mental disorders. The aims of this article were to identify the gaps in those aspects, to propose mental health and mental disorder recommendation programs, and to recommend policies for policymakers and program investors.
A comparative analysis of existing policies and a literature review of previous research were used to generate a synthesis of the existing knowledge of the mental health and mental disorder recommendation programs. The results recommend mental health and mental disorder programs for policymakers, program investors, and stakeholders in order to strengthen the directions for implementing these programs in the future. The healthcare markets and target groups in this area are likely to expand to neighboring countries in the context of changes in domestic and international factors, which have both positive and negative impacts according to the political, economic, and social situations of the influencing countries. Consequently, building the capacity of international mental health networks in public and private settings will provide more information for dealing with mental health and mental disorders in the GMS countries.
###
This article is open access and can be downloaded from here: http://www. eurekaselect. com/ 154348
Reference: Ruchiwit M,. Mental Health and Mental Disorder Recommendation Programs. Current Psychiatry Reviews, 2017, Vol 13, DOI: 10.2174/1573400513666170720150430
Manyat Ruchiwit
Department of Mental Health and Psychiatric Nursing, Faculty of Nursing, Thammasat University, Thailand
*Address correspondence to the author in the Faculty of Nursing Thammasat University, P.O. Box: 99 Khlong 1, Khlong Luang, Pathumthani, Thailand; Tel/Fax:+66-8986-9213 Email: mruchiwit99@gmail.com
Kylie Jenner is reportedly "having fun" shopping for their rumoured baby.
The 20-year-old reality star is believed to be expecting their first child with their musician boyfriend Travis Scott - although neither of the pairs have confirmed the news - and it has now been reported that the star enjoying being able to splash their cash on some unique baby items.
A source told People magazine: "Kylie is having a lot of fun picking out items for their baby. She's definitely leaning towards pink hues and having fun with the fact that she's having a girl."
According to the publication, the 'Life of Kylie' star has recently picked up plenty of cute clothes and baby gear, including a stroller.
It comes after it was previously reported that the 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians' say wouldn't be addressing the speculation surrounding their pregnancy until after the baby is born, as she's believed to be attempting to maintain a level of privacy.
An insider said: "Kylie wants to disappear and be out of the spotlight and focus on their health and happiness. They aren't going to publicly address their pregnancy until they give birth. She's not doing any public appearances and just wanted to take six months off."
The source admitted the star has only told their close friends and sisters about the news so far, as she's intent on revealing things publicly "on their own terms".
They added: "Kylie is only trusting their closest friends and their sisters right now. They want to reveal things on their own terms but she's, of course, having fun teasing everyone."
Kylie's decision to stay out of the spotlight comes after their half-sister Khloe - who is also reportedly expecting a baby with their beau Tristan Thompson and is also yet to confirm the news - dubbed them as the "new Rob", after their reclusive brother Rob Kardashian.
During an episode of 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians', family friend Larsa Pippen asked 33-year-old Khloe if Kylie would be joining them for dinner, and Khloe said: "Yeah, right. Kylie's the new Rob."
THE No. 100 Steven Richards Motorsport BMW has been excluded from qualifying for the Bathurst 12 Hour, knocking it out of the Top 10 Shootout.
Philipp Eng, who will share the car with Richards and ex-F1 racer Timo Glock, qualified the car third fastest in the second qualifying session dedicated to Class A cars.
It was an impressive lap, Eng's sole lap of the session putting them just two tenths shy of the fastest time and giving them a good starting position for the one-lap shootout for the top 10 grid positions.
QUALIFYING: Audi fastest as several big names miss the Shootout
WATCH: Davison avoids disaster in 200km/h double spin
However, flight attendants have confirmed that they have excluded the car from the qualifying results over an unspecified technical breach.
Although there were two qualifying sessions, and Eng had set a time in the first session that would still have been good enough for fourth fastest, the rules scrub all times set in the first session for the Class A cars.
That means the No. 100 BMW will start from the rear of the grid in Sunday's race.
The exclusion elevates Supercars racer Cam Waters into the Top 10 Shootout, the Sandown 500 winner piloting the No. 55 Strakka Racing Mercedes.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions defied the establishment media's attempt to smear President Donald Trump using an article on the Daily Stormer neo-Nazi website.
During an interview with Sessions, Craig Melvin, host of NBC's Today, read verbatim from a Daily Stormer article praising Trump for not condemning them by name during their statement on Saturday about the violent events in Charlottesville, Virginia.
advertisement
“Isn't that proof that the president didn't stand up sufficiently to white supremacy on Saturday?” Melvin asked.
“They are simply attempting to legitimate themselves in any way possible,” Sessions replied. “They are about to find out that we're coming after them for any violations of the law.”
Trump said their administration condemned “in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence on many sides,” setting off critics who thought they should have condemned neo-nazis by name.
“It has no place in America,” Trump said, referring to the “hatred” and “bigotry” displayed in Charlottesville, calling for a restoration of law and order.
On Sunday, a White House official clarified the president's statement to answer critics.
“The president said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence, bigotry, and hatred,” the official said. “Of course, that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi, and all extremist groups.”
Sessions defended Trump, pointing out that the president had “condemned them by name” in the past and would continue to do so.
“It was a good statement, delivered just a few hours after the event,” Sessions said. “The next day, they explicitly called out the Nazis and the KKK.”
NEW YORK, March 31 First quarter US syndicated lending of US$535bn was 50% higher than the first three months of last year as companies raced to refinance existing loans to lock in low borrowing costs before the Federal Reserve raises interest rates.
Refinancing loans totalled US$409bn and accounted for three quarters of all US first quarter lending as new money loans and, notably, mergers and acquisitions (M&A) deals remained sparse with companies awaiting specific details of President Trump's numerous tax and trade policy overhaul plans.
Overall volume was 8% lower than the US$583bn issued in the fourth quarter of last year, although the share of refinancing activity accelerated significantly.
Leveraged lending spiked on the refinancing spree, while investment-grade activity sank to a four-year quarterly low on the dearth of M&A deals.
Leveraged lending dominated first-quarter issuance, at US$345bn, up from US$133bn in the same quarter a year ago and the largest quarterly amount since the second quarter of 2013.
In contrast, investment-grade lending of US$140bn in the first three months of this year was below US$164bn in the same period last year and the smallest quarterly tally in four years.
The US$11bn issued for investment-grade M&A was the lowest since the fourth quarter of 2012, and a far cry from the US$36bn in the same quarter last year as uncertainty and high valuations slammed the pace of transactions.
Investor demand for floating-rate assets remains robust broadly, empowering leveraged companies to return to the market to slice average yields to 13-year lows.
The administration's failure to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare, late in the quarter raises concerns about other Trump agendas, and helped to keep new-money lending subdued, bankers and investors said, adding that they expect these conditions to persist.
“It doesn't feel like volume is likely to change in a material way,” a senior banker said. “The loan market has largely been immune, but it's been less than two weeks since Obamacare didn't get repealed,” they said. “That is the new aspect, the uncertainty around tax policy is still out there but there's just more skepticism now about the ability to get some of it passed.”
POLICY PARTICULARS PENDING
While the credit markets were robust in the first quarter and liquidity was abundant as strong inflows continued, mounting questions about Trump's policies remain unanswered and the markets have been marking time while awaiting details.
Retail investors have poured money into bank loan funds every week except for one since early August 2016, creating a positive market tone. Bank loan funds have pulled in almost US$12bn so far this year, lifting total inflows during this eight-month streak to US$22.5bn, according to Thomson Reuters Lipper.
“For the most part, the first quarter was the sentiment driven quarter, as no one expected that we would see new policies implemented that fast,” said Jonathan DeSimone, managing director at Bain Capital Credit.
Loan bankers and investors said they are now looking for concrete developments on issues including US tax and trade policies, filling the US Supreme Court vacancy and overseas elections.
“The rally that we've had since (US) Election Day was anticipating improving fundamentals,” DeSimone said. “While we have solid fundamentals for the most part, the second quarter will give us a little better sense of how and how much are we going to build on those fundamentals for the rest of the year.”
Last year, there was a fourth-quarter rush of corporate refinancing and buyouts, as markets rallied on the prospects of looser financial regulation under the Trump administration. After that burst of activity, total US syndicated lending reached US$1.99trln, matching 2015 volume.
Demand for loans by quarter's end was unrelenting, as investors look for exposure to assets offering yields that could float upward along with interest rates.
The Federal Reserve raised rates in March, quickly on the heels of its December 2016 hike, and is signalling two more increases this year.
Issuance of Collateralized Loan Obligation (CLO) funds, the biggest buyers of leveraged loans, topped US$16bn in the first quarter, double the amount issued at the same time last year, LPC data showed. (Reporting by Lynn Adler; Editing by Tessa Walsh)
Each year the Anne Arundel County Watershed Stewards Academy honors volunteer Master Watershed Stewards and the environmental professionals who support their action for clean water. The Master Watershed Steward of the Year is awarded to Stewards who excel in engaging their communities to reduce pollution. The Consortium Member of the Year is awarded to an environmental professional who makes a significant impact on projects for clean water. Each year the Anne Arundel County Watershed Stewards Academy honors volunteer Master Watershed Stewards and the environmental professionals who support their action for clean water. The Master Watershed Steward of the Year is awarded to Stewards who excel in engaging their communities to reduce pollution. The Consortium Member of the Year is awarded to an environmental professional who makes a significant impact on projects for clean water.
Master Watershed Stewards are citizen leaders who engage communities to reduce polluted runoff. To become certified, Stewards complete an intensive, research based, hands-on training including a capstone project in their community. Stewards work with neighbors, businesses, schools and houses of worship to install projects such as rain gardens or conservation landscapes that capture polluted runoff. Collectively these actions add up to better health for our local waterways.
The WSA Consortium of Support Professionals are composed of over 80 governmental, non-profit and business professionals who provide technical assistance to Master Watershed Stewards as they move their communities to action.
The Master Watershed Steward and Consortium Member of the Year Awards were presented at WSA's Annual Conference “Spring into Action” on Saturday, February 24, 2018, at Northeast High School in Pasadena, MD.
Master Watershed Steward of the Year Awards
Master Watershed Steward Lara Mulvaney was honored for their dedication to mentoring Stewards across the county and their commitment to engaging communities in action for clean water. Lara became a Master Watershed Steward in WSA's first certification course. Since then, they have led countless projects, from rain barrel installations to their neighborhood's stream restoration. Recently, Lara has been a driving force for the Weed Warriors program while assisting local watershed organizations with GIS projects. Lara is also leading a major stream restoration project in their own Gravely Community.
Master Watershed Steward Jan Atwood was also awarded WSA's Steward of the Year Award for their commitment to spreading awareness in their Annapolis community. Before graduating from WSA's ninth certification course, Jan led two capstone projects in their community. Through their work in their Annapolis neighborhood, Jan captured the attention of South River Federation to gain inclusion is a massive stream restoration plan. In January, WSA welcomed Jan onto the Board of Directors. While on the board, Jan will lead a committee to engage Watershed Stewards to ensure the future of the organization suits the needs and vision of Stewards.
WSA Consortium Member of the Year Awards
Missy Jones of Architectural Gardens and Bud Reaves, Anne Arundel County Forester received the WSA Consortium Member of the Year Award.
Chesapeake Bay Landscape Professional and shares their knowledge and experience by teaching field classes for WSA certification courses. Missy Jones became a Master Watershed Steward and Consortium Member in 2012. Missy was awarded Consortium Member of the Year for their willingness to share their knowledge with WSA and their support in completing multiple design and installation projects. Throughout the years, Missy has committed to continuing their education by becoming aLandscape Professional and shares their knowledge and experience by teaching field classes for WSA certification courses.
Bud Reaves received the award for their work with the Anne Arundel County Weed Resistance. Bud's passion for planting and protecting trees has made them a valuable resource to WSA over the years. With their knowledge of invasive plants and critical areas, Bud has played an instrumental role in many Steward projects. Bud recently developed the Weed Warriors of the Anne Arundel County Weed Resistance. Through this program, Bud connects county residential volunteers with invasive removal training and projects.
The Watershed Stewards Academy (WSA) is a 501 c 3 non-profit organization, located at Arlington Echo Outdoor Education Center. Since 2009, WSA has trained over 200 Master Watershed Stewards in Anne Arundel County.
More information on the Anne Arundel County Watershed Stewards Academy may be found at aawsa.org or by contacting Suzanne Etgen Executive Director, at [email protected] , or (443) 871 0700 or (410) 222 3831.
Related
Category: Local News, NEWS
"I just don't see why you need to make that amount discretionary. It's highly anomalous," said Richard Leblanc, a York University associate professor specializing in governance and ethics.
"I am not suggesting wrongdoing is occurring. But the point is how do you know without transparency and robust auditing?"
Contentious cash
Area rating spending has always been contentious in Hamilton. The special funding — currently $1.7 million per ward, per year — was created in 2011 out of a council compromise meant to even out postamalgamation tax rates.
Basically, suburban wards started paying more taxes for services while wards 1 through 8 — rather than getting a corresponding tax break — received dedicated repair cash for old-city infrastructure.
Over the years, councillors have earned both criticism and praise for creatively interpreting the definition of "infrastructure" spending. Most area rating spending decisions are vetted through a council vote. But the public almost never sees how councillors propose to spend their discretionary $100,000.
Discretionary and out of sight
The individual spending items for the $100,000 are not listed in public budget documents and do not require staff approval or a council vote.
That's because the discretionary fund is meant for small, in-year infrastructure priorities or one-time maintenance jobs. They are "not of the financial scale" to warrant individual consideration by council, said city finance head Mike Zegarac.
But small amounts add up, countered Leblanc, who was asked by The Spectator for their opinion on the discretionary spending.
Since 2014, the discretionary funds added up to $3.2 million or $400,000 per old-city councillor, although they don't always spend the full amount in a given year.
"There should be transparency … Just having a loose guideline is not adequate. It introduces the potential for conflict of interest," said Leblanc, a director in York's masters of financial accountability program.
They said at a minimum, they would expect the city's internal audit team to track and report on the spending. "But as a taxpayer, I would also expect to be able to see that spending in public documents, ideally with a few clicks of a (computer) mouse."
(Worth noting: Ward 3 Coun. Matthew Green started posting their discretionary spending on their website in November.)
In a recent letter to council, financial planner Viv Saunders called the discretionary cash a "slush fund" that appears geared to "aid incumbents in getting re-elected."
The avid city hall watcher listed examples of spending that did not appear to fit the discretionary policy, including festival and movie night grants, funding for website creation and a staff position at a local charity.
You could argue the dollar amounts spent on non-infrastructure projects are relatively small and the causes often worthy of support.
But that didn't prevent criticism of former mayor Bob Bratina when they used their office budget surplus to make a $10,000 donation to the United Way in 2011. At the time, many politicians and residents vocally pointed out council members are limited to a $350 donation or sponsorship for any given organization.
The controversy prompted an updated donations policy for council members. It also forced Bratina to break up their donation into $350 cheques to individual agencies supported by the United Way in order to stay within the rules.
Saunders argued using the discretionary infrastructure cash for sponsorships makes it look like councillors are skirting the donation limit to save their office budgets.
Saunders, who previously went to court in an unsuccessful effort to contest city politician election expenses, asked council to pull the discretionary funds out of the 2018 budget.
The city's finance committee considered Saunders' letter last month and asked staff to report back on whether the rules around discretionary area rating should be tightened.
Oversight confusion
So what kinds of projects qualify for discretionary infrastructure spending?
City reports on the area rating reserve offer random examples of appropriate spending, including "historical plaques, small beautification projects and one-time maintenance initiatives."
It's worth noting $100,000 won't repave your street or fix a bridge. But it might pay for a few hundred metres of new sidewalk, or smooth a rutted dead-end residential court.
Zegarac added the discretionary cash is not limited by policy to city-owned infrastructure, so long as the spending has a "community benefit" or helps leverage funding from other agencies or levels of government.
But they also emphasized city staffers do not formally vet the eligibility of discretionary spending proposals, although they sometimes offer advice. "We don't approve those (expenditures)," they said. "Those are at the discretion of councillors to approve."
Nonetheless, several councillors told The Spectator they rely on city staff to give a thumbs-up — or not — to prospective $100,000 budget spending.
Coun. Terry Whitehead — who had several spending items questioned in the letter from Saunders — called city staff "gatekeepers" responsible for ruling if a proposed project is eligible. "I regularly consult with staff on these expenditures."
For example, Whitehead said they had prepared a draft motion to bring before council last May to authorize a time-sensitive $5,000 donation to help the 81st Scout Troop "represent Hamilton" at a national jamboree in Halifax, N.S.
Their office provided The Spectator with a copy of the draft motion. But Whitehead said city finance staff later advised them a motion was unnecessary.
Coun. Jason Farr has also come in for public criticism of discretionary spending on festivals as well as staff and a website not owned by the city.
The Ward 2 councillor said they support the idea of making all discretionary spending public and easily accessible, arguing their list of funded projects "as a whole, would see wide acceptance."
"You can call it a slush fund, but the reality is … these are legitimate requests being made by the community. In each case, using my discretion, I am asking the question: is it of a benefit to Ward 2 or the greater community?"
City staff will report to council on area rating funding — including the discretionary fund and its spending guidelines — later this year.
All eight old city councillors provided discretionary $100,000 spending records for four years upon request by the Spectator (and City Hall watchers like Gabriel Nicholson) last November. The Spectator copied the project descriptions, years and committed/spent dollar amounts into a single document, with tabs by ward.
We checked with councillors on obviously missing or confusing spending entries, but otherwise made minimal changes to the information as presented.
The Councillors
How is the money spent?
Spending records provided by councillors show a majority of discretionary spending goes to projects or repairs that arguably fit the vague policy guidelines. Since 2014, much of the cash has been spent on traffic safety measures like speed bumps, replacing curbs and medians, installing memorials and historical plaques, fixing fences and repairing city-owned social housing units.
But critics argue the fund is also sometimes used like a backup office budget or parallel grant system for community groups. In recent years, tens of thousands of dollars have been spent on festivals, movie nights, team sponsorships, opinion polling on LRT and school greening programs.
Here is a small sample of spending by councillors.
Ward 1
Aidan Johnson
$1,000 for HA & L magazine literary prize (2015)
$1,275.15 for Strathcona and Kirkendall movie nights (2015-16)
$50,855.82 for participatory budget co-ordinator (2017)
Johnson, a first-term councillor, said they initially took their spending cues from predecessor Brian McHattie, who often pitched "social infrastructure" spending. But Johnson added they have become "increasingly attuned" to differing opinions about discretionary spending and has changed course accordingly. For example, in their first year they used the discretionary pot to fund a literary prize, movie nights and a seniors' fair. But by 2017, all but $400 of their discretionary cash was used for road repairs and public consultation on area rating spending.
Ward 2
Jason Farr
$60,000 for Hamilton Arts Council website (2014-15)
$50,000 to help pay for a Ward 2 "community animator" with the Social Research and Planning Council of Hamilton (2015-16)
$26,000 for four years of support for Racalmutese Maria SS Del Monte festival
Farr said in the past they "broadly" interpreted the infrastructure definition to include "social" projects like the arts council website. Now, they said they rely on the city "enrichment fund" grant process — which did not exist in 2014 — to handle such community requests. They said the idea of a "community animator" — someone to engage with Ward 2 residents on planning priorities — was vetted through their participatory budget process, which allows ward residents to vote on area rating projects.
Farr said they sometimes use discretionary funds to support community events like the Maria SS. Del Monte festival celebrated in honour of Hamilton's twin-city connection with Racalmuto in Sicily, but tries to ensure it is spent "on actual infrastructure" such as fences, portable toilets or stages. "I didn't fund a festival; I funded temporary infrastructure for that event," they said.
Ward 3
Matthew Green
$1,510.72 for Lifesaver Park barbecue (2015)
$66,900 to fix CityHousing Hamilton units (2015)
$28,920 for cameras at 30 Sanford Ave. S. (2016)
Green posted their discretionary infrastructure spending on their website late last year as part of a promised "open government" Ward 3 effort. They noted they have a motion coming next week that calls on city boards and agencies — such as the Hamilton Waterfront Trust — to post financial information online. "If I'm asking boards and agencies to do it, I should do it, too."
Ward 4
Sam Merulla
$15,364.77 for McQuesten Fitness Trail (2014)
$33,010.72 for seasonal wreaths for Kenilworth and Ottawa Streets (2014-2016)
$45,000 (in $5,000 grants) for school greening projects in their ward (2017)
Merulla said they think the discretionary funding is useful for time-sensitive spending, but suggested the city could publish quarterly reports on funded items. They said their school "greening" grants equate to Ward 4 park improvements. "In some areas, this is all (residents) have for green space."
Ward 5
Chad Collins
$65,000 to create an east end food bank (2014)
$10,000 for east end air monitoring station (2015)
$19,288 for escarpment cleanup (2016)
Collins said the discretionary fund is useful for projects or work "that doesn't appear to have an obvious home" in the city budget. They pointed to cash they used to pay for a cleanup of trash tossed from the escarpment edge onto land not maintained by city parks.
Ward 6
Tom Jackson
$90,672.50 for concrete-to-floral median conversions (2014)
$3,534.13 for anti-graffiti cameras in Fay and Lisgar parks (2016)
$1,350.80 for poll on light rail transit project (2017)
Jackson said they value the discretionary fund because it can quickly cover emergency expenses, such as safety fencing at Albion Falls. They also pointed to the ability to improve planned capital projects, such as adding a flower bed to an otherwise concrete traffic median.
Ward 7
Donna Skelly
$14,414.37 for various bocce club equipment issues like heaters, doors and chairs
$33,555.38 for a power source for events in Sam Lawrence Park
$35,475 for "coach" lanterns along Concession Street
Skelly, who took over from predecessor Scott Duvall (elected Hamilton Mountain MP in 2015) in 2016, said they are also concerned about some of the discretionary spending financial planner Viv Saunders listed in a letter to council and wants to see more transparency around the spending envelope. They suggested council could vote on any discretionary expenditure worth more than $10,000.
Ward 8
Terry Whitehead
$3,842.51 for various neighbourhood movie nights (2014)
$2,150.36 for a Phantom 3 professional drone (2015)
$15,000 to sponsor a Scout troop and Hamilton Huskies minor hockey team for out-of- town travel (2017)
Whitehead said dollars they green-lighted for neighbourhood movie nights were typically used to advertise newly completed capital projects paid for with area rating funds. For example, they used $11,000-plus to pay for and advertise a Buchanan Splash Pad Movie Night in 2016 after the project was done.
Whitehead says they use the drone to do "due diligence" on development application or tree-cutting plans. They say they consider it infrastructure, not an office budget item. They said they offered to bring council motions forward to authorize funding for Scout troop and Huskies trips, but city staff told them they were not necessary.
mvandongen@thespec.com
905-526-3241 | @Mattatthespec
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHESAPEAKE, Va. - Reggie Barnett Jr. is preparing for the fight of their life. The Virginia resident will fight in the featured bout in the first sanctioned U.S. bare-knuckle boxing match in 130 years.
"I'm in fight mode, Reggie Jr. tells WTKR as they make final preparations for Saturday's showdown in Cheyenne, Wyoming.
At 757 Boxing, the gym Reggie Jr. owns with their dad, they put themselves through brutal workouts to make sure he's ready. On Tuesday afternoon, he's going through what they call a "light workout" consisting of sparing and other exercises in the ring, then circuits outside, switching between skipping rope, push ups, jump squats and more.
"I finally have the opportunity I was looking for to fight in front of the entire world," said Reggie Jr. after the workout was complete.
It's been a long road for the fighter, both in and out of the ring. Reggie Jr. has battled alcoholism, which previously landed them behind bars. The promoter of the fight had to go through 28 states before finding one who would be willing to legalize the bare-knuckle fight. They also went through countless fighters before choosing Reggie Jr. and the others who will spar that night. The showdown will also be on pay-per-view.
When WTKR first spoke with Reggie in 2016, they were making their comeback.
"I struggled with alcoholism for years, I just was so down and out that I decided that before I got locked up, that I needed to do something," they said.
Reggie Jr. has been fighting their whole life. They picked up gloves when they were 4 years old, but their parents wouldn't let them pursue it until two years later. Then, they lost seven fights, resulting in them deviating from the ring and heading to the diamond.
But baseball just didn't cut it. They also did cheerleading but wasn't a fan of being a flyer. That's when they decided to get back into boxing. They were successful, taking home state titles, even Junior Olympic titles.
When they were 18 and no longer needed their parents' permission, they decided to try MMA. After a rough start, they convinced a friend of theirs who does MMA to trade lessons.
"I told them I would teach them how to box if they would teach me how to grapple and we've been inseparable for a decade. He's been in my corner ever since," smiled Reggie Jr., adding their friend will definitely be there in Cheyenne.
Reflecting on when it hit them that they would be in the first bare-knuckle fight sanctioned in the U.S. in 130 years, Reggie alluded to a promotional poster.
"When that first poster came out I was like, 'Yes! This is really happening, there is no turning back," said Reggie Jr.
They got to work. For the past few months, Reggie Jr. has been punching brick walls at full force to build the bone density in their hands. They understand fighting may not be for everyone, especially the bare-knuckle variety.
"Some people look at it as being barbaric. To be a part of the rawest form of fighting there is and to make history at the same time it's ... I can't even explain."
However, he's hoping their fight does more than put on a show.
"It's not about being famous, it's that my name being mentioned and my journey to get to that point will hopefully inspire others to chase what they really like to do," Reggie Jr. said.
The Annapolis Maritime Museum (AMM) will host weekly concerts all summer long in an effort create a sense of community and raise awareness of its many programs and activities. The Education Center at AMM teaches over 6,000 students annually about Chesapeake Bay ecology and the rich maritime heritage of the Annapolis area. “The concerts appeal to all ages and even our four-legged friends. They are truly magical as folks enjoy live music, visit with neighbors and enjoy our beautiful Bay view on warm summer evenings”, says Alice Estrada, Executive Director.
Beer, wine and mixed drinks and food are available for purchase. Money raised supports the Museum Education Center's environmental programs. No coolers or outside
alcohol permitted. Guests are recommended to bring a blanket or lawn chairs for seating during the concert.
In case of inclement weather, the concerts will be held inside the Museum.
When: Thursdays at 7 p.m. | June 14 – August 16
Where: The Annapolis Maritime Museum – McNasby Campus (723 Second St., Annapolis)
Cost: FREE; Donations Appreciated
Schedule:
June 14: Sweet Leda (Funk, Rock, Soul, & Pop)
June 21: Mad Planet (Party Blend of Rock & Reggae)
June 28: Sean Hetrick & the Leftovers (Alternative Rock)
July 5: Dan Haas (Pop & Rock)
July 12: Dublin 5 (High Energy Irish Rock)
July 19: Timmie Metz Band (Modern & Classic Rock)
July 26: Eastport Oyster Boys (Folk, Island Rhythms, Traditional Rock)
August 2: Sly 45 (Vintage Rock to Modern Pop)
August 9: Michael McHenry Tribe (Soul, Funk, Rock)
August 16: Pressing Strings (Soul-stirring American Roots)
For more information or directions, visit www.amaritime.org or call the museum at 410-295-0104, x4
Related
Category: Events, LIFE IN THE AREA, Local News, NEWS, Post To FB
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Russian representatives in the Russian-Turkish commission on the Syrian truce have registered six violations of the ceasefire regime over the past 24 hours, the Russian Defense Ministry said Wednesday.
"The Russian part of the joint Russian-Turkish commission on issues related to violations of the Joint Agreement has registered 6 violations over the past 24 hours in Latakia [4] and Hama [2] provinces," the ministry's Center for Syrian reconciliation said in a daily bulletin.
"The Turkish side has registered 10 violations: one in Aleppo, three in Daraa, three in Damascus, two in Idlib, and one in Quneitra provinces," the bulletin said.
According to the document, the Russian side can confirm only three violations registered by Turkey.
Meanwhile, the number of settlements that have joined the cessation of hostilities in war-torn Syria has increased to 1,249.
"Within the last 24 hours, truce agreements have been reached with representatives of six settlements in Damascus [3] and Hama [3] provinces, bringing the total number of settlements that have joined the ceasefire to 1,249," the ministry said.
Negotiations on joining ceasefire regime have continued with field commanders of armed opposition units operating in Damascus, Homs, Hama, Quneitra, and Aleppo provinces.
© AFP 2016/ JM LOPEZ Russian MoD Slams HRW's 'Amateurish' Allegations Syrian Army Used Chemical Weapons UN Security Council unanimously adopted a Russian-Turkish resolution on a ceasefire regime in Syria, as well as on holding political talks between the Syrian government and opposition groups in Astana, Kazakhstan in January 2017. A day earlier, a nationwide ceasefire between Syrian government troops and several opposition factions came into force. Russia and Turkey serve as guarantors of the deal that paves the way for negotiations between the warring parties.
Since 2011, Syria has been engulfed in a civil war, with government forces fighting against numerous opposition and terrorist groups, including al-Nusra Front and Daesh, banned in a range of countries, including Russia.
Moscow has been conducting a counter-terrorist campaign in Syria since September 30, 2015, at President Bashar Assad's request.
Daniels, WV (WOAY) – The West Virginia Amateur continued Wednesday at Glade Springs, with some golfers finishing their second rounds before the third round commenced.
Unlike Tuesday, there were no weather delays, but challenging pin locations made for exciting golf action, with no player able to break 70 for the first time this week.
Hurricane's Sam O'Dell, the 2013 & 2015 champion, leads after 54 holes after posting a third-round 71; they are four-under par. They will be in the final group Thursday, which tees off at 10:30 AM.
Top 5 overall standings: Sam O'Dell (-4), Christian Boyd (-2), Chris Williams (-1), Brian Anania (-1), Will Evans (+3), Jeff McGraw (+3), Thadd Obecny II (+3)
Top 5 Southern WV participants: Jeff McGraw (+3, T5), Isaiah Zaccheo (+7, T12), Tyler Hillyer (+7, T12), Karson Terry (+15, T36), Patrick Smith (+16, T38), Chris Daniels (+16, T38), Landon Perry (+16, T38), Chandler Beavers (+16, T38)
Related
Comments
comments
LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - Elliott Advisors' plan to unlock more value from BHP Billiton has some merits. Tidying up and then breaking up could make shareholders in the Anglo-Australian miner roughly 50 percent better off, the activist investor argues. Elliott isn't saying anything BHP hadn't already considered, and a full split looks a stretch – but it may prompt a helpful spring clean.
There are three parts to Elliott's agenda. The hedge fund – which owns 4.1 percent of BHP – would like to see separate London and Australian corporate entities crunched into one business headquartered in Melbourne but with a primary listing in London. It wants to spin off BHP's petroleum business in the United States, which it values at $22 billion, and list it in New York. Finally, Elliott wants BHP to make use of stored-up tax credits, and buy back shares more cheaply, for at least $6 billion.
The first two bits are the most compelling. BHP's two-headed structure is a historical accident born out of the merger of BHP and Billiton in 2001, not a strategic move. Collapse them into one, and BHP could hand out some of the $9.7 billion of tax vouchers known as “franking credits” that currently are only available to Australian investors in the Sydney-listed shares. Because the Sydney shares trade at a premium to their London counterparts, merging them would also give a new, lower price from which the discount in a tender-offer buyback – effectively capped at 14 percent in Australia – can be calculated. It's tinkering, but worth a go.
A breakup is trickier. True, splitting off BHP's petroleum business could have some benefits. Oil peers such as EOG and Apache trade on multiples of between nine and 11 times forward EBITDA. BHP trades at about seven times, along with pure-play mining rival Rio Tinto, suggesting the benefits of owning a big oil business aren't fully grasped by shareholders. But there's no sign the company is run any the worse for being diversified. Splitting would also amount to an embarrassing reversal of corporate strategy for management.
Elliott reckons just the tidy-up and franking credit usage alone could add around 10 percent to BHP's value. BHP says the costs outweigh the benefits. The shares rose nearly 5 percent on Monday, suggesting the pressure for a breakup is weak. Still, two out of three isn't bad – and the onus is now on BHP to explain why it works better together.
In a statement published in the European Respiratory Journal, a coalition of respiratory doctors and scientists from six continents have warned of the dangers posed to children and adolescents by electronic cigarettes [1].
They say there is mounting evidence that e-cigarettes damage health and are highly addictive, yet manufacturers are marketing them as "healthier" cigarettes and their popularity among young people is growing.
As a result, they are calling for an immediate ban on flavourings and on marketing e-cigarettes as lower risk alternatives to children and adolescents.
The Forum of International Respiratory Societies [2] is a collaborative of nine organisations from North and South America, Europe, Africa, Asia and Australia that was created to promote lung health worldwide.
The paper brings together a wide range of research findings on e-cigarettes. It highlights evidence that children and adolescents are highly susceptible to nicotine addiction, and that use of e-cigarettes has risen steeply in this age group to become the most commonly used tobacco-related product among adolescents in some countries.
The authors lay out a set of evidence-based recommendations for protecting youth from nicotine addiction and its harmful effects.
The paper was co-authored by Thomas Ferkol MD, Alexis Hartmann professor of paediatrics and professor of cell biology and physiology at Washington University in St. Louis, USA. They said: "Until recently, the risks of e-cigarettes and their rising popularity with children and adolescents were under-recognised or ignored. We wrote this statement to address growing public health concerns over e-cigarette use among youths.
"Product design, flavours, marketing, and perception of safety and acceptability have increased the appeal of e-cigarettes to young people. These products are 'normalising' smoking and leading to new generations addicted to nicotine."
The authors found growing evidence that e-cigarettes act as a "one-way bridge" to cigarette smoking in adolescents.
Professor Ferkol added: "Some people truly believe e-cigarettes could be used as a smoking cessation technique, but these products also are an entry to nicotine addiction and tobacco use in young people."
Charlotta Pisinger, clinical professor of tobacco control at Bispebjerg and Frederiksberg Hospital and University of Copenhagen, Denmark was also a co-author. They said: "Although exposure to potentially harmful ingredients from electronic cigarettes may be lower than traditional cigarettes, this does not mean that e-cigarettes are harmless.
"And when we're talking about children and adolescents who are trying e-cigarettes for the first time, we should not be comparing their use to traditional cigarettes. We should be comparing them to no tobacco use."
The paper puts forward a series of expert recommendations that the authors say will protect this vulnerable group. They state that e-cigarettes should be regulated in the same way as tobacco products and included in smoke-free policies. They say that there should be a ban on sales to youths worldwide, which must be enforced. Advertising e-cigarettes as lower-risk alternatives directed to youths and young adults should cease.
The paper also calls for a ban on flavoured products, because there is evidence that flavourings draw young people to e-cigarettes. There are currently more than 7,500 different flavoured e-cigarettes and refills available. Finally, the authors recommended further research on the health effects of e-cigarettes as well as surveillance of use across different countries.
Regulation of e-cigarettes varies widely around the world. For example, legislation on a minimum age for buying e-cigarettes is non-existent or not enforced in most countries.
Dr Aneesa Vanker, a senior specialist in paediatric pulmonology, at the Red Cross War Memorial Children's Hospital, University of Cape Town, South Africa, was also a co-author the paper. They added: "E-cigarettes are largely unregulated, particularly in low and middle-income countries. They are marketed as a smoking cessation tool and a safer alternative to tobacco cigarettes.
"However, there is growing evidence that nicotine has many acute and long-term adverse effects, including addiction. Young people are at particular risk for this.
"We want local, national, and regional decision-makers to recognise the growing public health threat that e-cigarettes pose to children and adolescents. Inhaling something other than air is never good for a child's lungs."
###
Despite criticism that the President has still not condemned white supremacy after a self-proclaimed member of the fringe group drove a car into a crowd of counter protestors at a white supremacy rally this weekend, Attorney General Jeff Sessions defended the President saying they made a “very strong statement.”
“He said what happened in Charlottesville is unacceptable and we need to find out what happened, that it's wrong and we need to study it and see what as a nation we can do to be more effective against this kind of extremism and evil,” they said on the “Today” show Monday. “It was a good statement delivered just a few hours after the event. The next day, yesterday, they explicitly called out the Nazis and the KKK.”
The hosts of the show pushed back, saying that statement came from an unnamed White House spokesperson, not President Donald Trump himself. Sessions said the name on the statement was irrelevant.
“I'm sure they will talk again about it soon. They will be speaking to the people today. I'm not sure what they will say, but that's my understanding. He's been firm on this from the beginning.  They are appalled by this,” Sessions said.
Sessions' rhetoric is similar to Vice President Mike Pence's defense of the President, who said Trump “clearly and unambiguously condemned the bigotry, violence and hatred” and questioned why the media was spending more time criticizing the President's words than “criticizing those who perpetrated the violence to begin with.”
Watch the interview below:
BANGOR City boss Kevin Nicholson was left rueing a “missed opportunity” as their side drew 1-1 at Barry Town United.
The Citizens failed to hold on to their goal advantage at the break and had to settle for a share of the spoils, a result which moves them into third spot ahead of their clash with Cefn Druids on Saturday in-front of the S4C Sgorio cameras (5.15pm).
Nicholson, said: “We were disappointed at the end of the game as we felt it was a missed opportunity to win another game.
“Our second half performance was below the standards we set. We didn't start the half at the same tempo as we did the first, we didn't do the basics well enough and we seemed to lack the same energy in our play.
“We felt at half time that if we could go on to score the second goal then there would have been no way back for the opposition but unfortunately we didn't manage to get it. Barry is an organised team, don't concede many goals and they worked very hard to get back into the game second half and got a goal back through the penalty. At 1-1, the game could have gone either way but we still felt confident of winning it all the way until the end but it wasn't to be on the day - that's football. It's our first draw of the season.
“We were always going to draw a game at some point over the course of the season and it happened to be this game. As the saying goes, if you can't win it, then don't lose it. We will take the point and move on. It extends our unbeaten run to six matches in all competitions. All our focus, thoughts and energy will now go into preparing well for our next game at Cefn Druids, where the aim will be to produce a consistent 90-minute team performance.”
Things began well for the visitors as the in-form Dean Rittenberg gave them the lead with a well-taken effort on 27 minutes, but they were pegged back after the break when Kayne McLaggon netted for United to rescue a point.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
By Christine Kim
Danish police have arrested the daughter of a woman at the centre of a South Korean influence-peddling scandal that has engulfed President Park Geun-hye, police and prosecutors said on Monday.
The scandal has led to Park's impeachment by parliament on Dec. 9, paralyzed the government and drawn hundreds of thousands of protesters onto the streets of the capital, Seoul, for weekly demonstrations.
South Korean authorities had been seeking the arrest of the daughter, Chung Yoo-ra, for their ties to the scandal in which their mother, Choi Soon-sil, is a central figure.
Park, 64, could become South Korea's first democratically elected leader to be forced to leave office early. The parliamentary impeachment must be confirmed or overturned by the Constitutional Court, which has weeks to rule.
“We will request an emergency extradition of Chung, working with the special prosecutor's office,” Lee Chul-sung, commissioner general of the Korea National Police Agency, told a media briefing in Seoul.
Chung, a 20-year-old equestrian competitor who trained in Germany, was arrested in the northern Danish city of Aalborg for staying illegally, Lee said.
Park has been accused of colluding with their friend Choi to pressure big businesses to make contributions to non-profit foundations backing presidential initiatives.
Park, whose father ruled the country for 18 years after seizing power in a 1961 coup, has denied wrongdoing but apologised for carelessness in their ties with Choi, who is facing their own trial. They also deny wrongdoing.
The special prosecutor's office has said it has several charges against the daughter, Chung, including criminal interference related to their academic record. It has not given details of other charges.
‘FOUR IN CUSTODY'
Lee Kyung-jae, a lawyer representing both Choi and Chung, said the daughter would cooperate.
“When Chung Yoo-ra returns I will ensure that they fully cooperate with the special prosecution's investigation,” the lawyer told the Yonhap News Agency.
A source in the special prosecutors' office in Seoul, who declined to be identified, said the office would work with European authorities to extradite Chung, which could take one or two weeks.
Police commissioner general Lee said a Korean citizen had alerted Danish police about Chung, who was arrested at about 4 a.m. Seoul time (1900 GMT) on Monday.
Danish officials had four people in custody, including Chung and a child born in 2015, Lee said. Chung is known to have a young son.
The two others in custody are men who appear to be Koreans in their late twenties or early thirties, Lee said.
They said Danish police had 24 hours to secure evidence that Chung was staying illegally in Denmark.
South Korea's foreign ministry has been working to invalidate Chung's passport and authorities had asked German prosecutors for information about their whereabouts and financial assets.
Chung won a gold medal in the group dressage equestrian event at the 2014 Asian Games.
They became a figure of public ire in South Korea last year after it emerged that they had received special treatment from the prestigious Ewha Womans University, where their admission was subsequently cancelled.
News of Chung's arrest came a day after Park broke a month-long silence over their alleged role in the corruption scandal, publicly denying charges of wrongdoing and describing the accusations against them as fabricated and false.
ULSTER BANK LEAGUE: DIVISION 1A: Saturday, February 3. Kick-off 2.30pm unless stated
BUCCANEERS (10th) v TERENURE COLLEGE (3rd), Dubarry Park
It was the same old story for Buccaneers last week as their inconsistent play allowed UCD to build a 12-point lead, and a two-try finish from the Pirates proved not enough. They did at least get Ireland Sevens international Josh Rowland onto the field for their long-awaited debut at full-back.
Source: Oisin Keniry/INPHO
With eight points to make up on the two teams above them, the ‘must-win' tag is attached to all of Buccs' remaining games. They have the personnel to do it – Peter Claffey and Paul Boyle, in particular, up front, and brothers Luke and Ben Carty, captain Shane Layden and seven-try winger Rory O'Connor behind the scrum.
Terenure put a lot into last Saturday's titanic tussle with leaders Lansdowne, eventually going down 12-8. It will be difficult to match that intensity and accuracy again, but James Blaney's men have performed well on the road against teams in the lower reaches of the table, defeating Dublin University, UCD and St. Mary's so far.
Recent League Meetings - Saturday, April 19, 2014: Terenure College 36 Buccaneers 29, Lakelands Park; Saturday, November 4, 2017: Terenure College 27 Buccaneers 21, Lakelands Park
Ulster Bank League Season's Form: Buccaneers: LLLLLLLWWLLL; Terenure College: WWWWLWLLWLWL
Ulster Bank League Top Scorers - Buccaneers: Points: Luke Carty 65; Tries: Rory O'Connor 7; Terenure College: Points: Mark O'Neill 74; Tries: Jake Swaine 5
CLONTARF (4th) v UCD (7th), Castle Avenue
Clontarf have been a bogey team for UCD, whether at home or away, and you would have to back ‘Tarf to get back to winning ways after falling short on the same 4G pitch against Young Munster last Saturday.
Source: Bryan Keane/INPHO
A third loss on the trot would likely knock Andy Wood's men out of the top four and severely dent their collective confidence. Recapturing the form which saw them score four tries and 31 points on the students at Belfield in November has to be the aim.
UCD head coach Andy Skehan takes great pride in their current joint-top scorer Harry Byrne stepping up with the Ireland Under-20s, for whom College star Tommy O'Brien is now captain. They have the depth to cover the duo's absence, but it may not be enough against a ‘Tarf back-line that will look to Matt D'Arcy for inspiration.
Recent League Meetings - Saturday, April 15, 2017: Clontarf 37 UCD 28, Castle Avenue; Saturday, November 4, 2017: UCD 24 Clontarf 31, Belfield Bowl
Ulster Bank League Season's Form: Clontarf: LWLWWWLWWWLL; UCD: WWLLLLWLLLLW
Ulster Bank League Top Scorers - Clontarf: Points: David Joyce 56; Tries: Matt D'Arcy 7; UCD: Points: Harry Byrne, Ciaran Frawley 44 each; Tries: Jamie Glynn 4
CORK CONSTITUTION (2nd) v DUBLIN UNIVERSITY (9th), Temple Hill
Cork Constitution's losing bonus point at St. Mary's was enough to keep them in second place, and they will be confident of earning their second successive season's double over relegation-threatened Dublin University.
Source: Oisin Keniry/INPHO
Still, there is no room for complacency as Trinity, who got the better of Mary's in their last game, are a livewire team when on form. If Tony Smeeth selects the same side from the postponed Garryowen fixture, Jack Kelly will take over from the Ireland Under-20-tied Michael Silvester at full-back, with American Alex McDonald moving to the second row for Jack Dunne who is also away on international duty.
Former Ireland U-19 international Joe White is getting a good run at full-back for Cork Con, starting their last four matches and scoring tries against Buccaneers and Mary's. More of the same should help Brian Hickey's men stay in possession of their second home semi-final spot, for the time being.
Recent League Meetings - Saturday, February 4, 2017: Cork Constitution 19 Dublin University 3, Temple Hill; Saturday, November 4, 2017: Dublin University 3 Cork Constitution 28, College Park
Ulster Bank League Season's Form: Cork Constitution: WLWLLWWWLWWL; Dublin University: LLLWWLWLLLW
Ulster Bank League Top Scorers - Cork Constitution: Points: Tomas Quinlan 92; Tries: JJ O'Neill, Conor Kindregan, Ned Hodson 3 each; Dublin University: Points: Michael Silvester, James Fennelly 35 each; Tries: Michael Silvester 7
GARRYOWEN (6th) v LANSDOWNE (1st), Dooradoyle
With a waterlogged pitch meaning they were idle last week and two defeats prior to that, Garryowen really need to build some momentum. It has been business as usual for unbeaten Lansdowne who dug deep to see off Terenure's challenge in tricky conditions last Saturday.
Source: Ryan Byrne/INPHO
Number 8 Willie Earle stood out for the table toppers, driving the forwards on with their effectiveness on both sides of the ball. But will it be ‘unlucky 13′ for Lansdowne? They lost 19-10 to Young Munster on their most recent trip to Limerick, and had seven points to spare over Garryowen in their last visit to Dooradoyle.
The form of the Garryowen Under-20s is a boost to Conan Doyle's senior Light Blues. They have won eight straight games in the Donal Walsh Trophy, with Currans youngster Jack Daly, who was due to start at openside in the postponed match against Dublin University, catching the eye.
Recent League Meetings - Saturday, April 15, 2017: Lansdowne 40 Garryowen 17, Aviva Stadium back pitch; Saturday, November 4, 2017: Lansdowne 32 Garryowen 22, Aviva Stadium back pitch
Ulster Bank League Season's Form: Garryowen: LWWLWLWWWLL; Lansdowne: WWWWWWWWWWWW
Ulster Bank League Top Scorers - Garryowen: Points: Neil Cronin 92; Tries: Liam Coombes, David Johnston 5 each; Lansdowne: Points: Scott Deasy 135; Tries: Mark O'Keefe 6
ST. MARY'S COLLEGE (8th) v YOUNG MUNSTER (5th), Templeville Road
Both Peter Burke and Gearoid Prendergast would ideally like to pick unchanged teams after St. Mary's and Young Munster claimed impressive wins over title-contending sides last weekend. However, injuries may impact on both selections.
Source: Oisin Keniry/INPHO
Backs Calvin Nash and Shane Airey both picked up knocks during Munsters' excellent 25-16 victory at Clontarf, but their pack looks in rude health judging by their efforts in an incredible 47 phases before captain Ben Kilkenny's clinching try. The try-scoring return of centre Dan Goggin – and their new two-year contract with Munster – is a further boost.
Mary's had a nightmare trip to Greenfields in November, crashing to a 51-7 defeat at the hands of the Cookies, but they are looking much sharper of late. Full-back Dave Fanagan's brilliant brace in downing Cork Con, coupled with 18-year-old flanker Ronan Watters' six turnovers on their first league start, are encouraging signs for the rest of their campaign.
Recent League Meetings - Saturday, February 18, 2017: Young Munster 20 St. Mary's College 18, Tom Clifford Park; Saturday, November 4, 2017: Young Munster 51 St. Mary's College 7, Tom Clifford Park
Ulster Bank League Season's Form: St. Mary's College: WLLWLLLLLWLW; Young Munster: LLWLWWLLLWWW
Ulster Bank League Top Scorers - St. Mary's College: Points: Sean Kearns 55; Tries: Tim Maupin 4; Young Munster: Points: Shane Airey 43; Tries: Ben Kilkenny, Ger Slattery, Gavin Coombes 4 each
Division 1B
Banbridge v Shannon, Rifle Park
Dolphin v Old Wesley, Irish Independent Park
Naas v Ballynahinch, Forenaughts
U.C.C. v Ballymena, Mardyke
U.L. Bohemian v Old Belvedere, 4G Pitch, University of Limerick
Division 2A
Blackrock College RFC v Queen's University University, Stradbrook
Cashel RFC v Galway Corinthians RFC, Spafield
City of Armagh v Malone, Palace Grounds
Galwegians v Greystones, Crowley Park
Highfield v Nenagh Ormond, Woodleigh Park
Division 2B
Belfast Harlequins v Sundays Well, Deramore Park
City Of Derry v Navan RFC, Judge's Road
Dungannon v MU Barnhall, Stevenson Park
Skerries v Old Crescent, Holmpatrick
Wanderers v Rainey OB, Aviva Stadium
Division 2C
Bective Rangers v Tullamore, Donnybrook
Bruff v Bangor, Kilballyowen Park
Malahide v Thomond, Estuary Road
Midleton v Sligo, Towns Park
Omagh v Seapoint, Thomas Mellon Playing Fields
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Two elderly people, a brother and sister aged 71 and 69, died when a fire broke out in their house in the Vouni area, near Limassol, early on Tuesday morning.
According to the police, the charred remains of the two were found in their beds when firefighters arrived on the scene at 8.30am.
Fire service spokesperson Antreas Kettis said that the fire, which occurred at around 7am, was put out by four fire engines and investigations are being carried out to find the cause of the fire. Initial investigations suggest the fire could have been an accident.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
President Barack Obama has now confirmed the rumors that they will deliver a farewell address to the nation in Chicago on January 10.
Obama will say farewell to their political career in the same town in which it began with a speech at Chicago's McCormick Place convention center, according to The Chicago Tribune.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“I'm just beginning to write my remarks,” Obama informed the paper via email. “But I'm thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here.”
Tickets will be free and will be handed out starting January 7 at the convention center box office.
The McCormick Place convention center may be a fitting place for a man who ran up some of the highest deficits in U.S. history. The convention center was controversial in its day for going at least $30 million over budget before completion and for legislation passed to float an even larger $60 million bailout of the project in 1985.
Today, the glut of tax dollars going for giant construction projects on the near south side has changed little, as costs are already soaring for the proposed McCormick Place sports and entertainment arena, with the price tag rising 17 percent to a new estimate of $164 million before the first shovelful of dirt is dug.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.
Urban areas will be the setting for future growth. Optimizing them for that eventuality will depend on just how “old” they really are.
Cities are the future of our world for a very simple reason: Our planet's population growth in the next 30 years will be primarily absorbed by cities.
And that growth itself is staggering. The average city will see its population double.
Imagine the New York City area growing from 24 million to 48 million. All in 30 years. Growing a city is extremely complicated. As they grow geographically, cities can become dysfunctional because their vital commuting flows become impractical. Vertical growth has its natural limits as well. And, although we have not invented underground growth yet, it will surely happen one day.
As a result, our cities will survive this massive growth if, and only if, they have excellent design and if their execution of said growth is extremely optimized. This is why all cities today, from mid-size Portland, Oregon to humongous Jing-Jin-Ji, China, need new tools and new methodologies to be as optimized as a Google backend.
But we're not there yet – we need to look at three types of cities if we are to understand the challenges facing the world's cities.
“Old cities” are large metropolitan areas where infrastructure is so deeply entrenched that it is hard to change. All you can do is radically optimize resources and space to make it work. Think New York, Paris or Tokyo. They are still the largest cities on Earth, but not for long.
I was involved with an amazing project in Paris, whose goal was to redesign seven iconic plazas in the City of Light. The goal was to make these spaces more pedestrian friendly. The first one, Place de la Republique, was redesigned in the traditional way – by hiring urban planners who commission and recommend plans before building them out and hoping for the best. As a result, Place de la Republique looks prettier – according to some – but nothing has really changed as to how it is used, at least according to most traffic engineers. The French have a tendency to complain, it is true, but in this case, they were right and the data proved it.
The second project, Place de la Nation, went through a completely different process. Focusing on a data-driven approach, sensors were installed around the space to get a baseline and measure the key goals of increasing pedestrian and cyclist traffic. A/B tests were conducted using movable barriers and temporary builds to measure the efficiency of each design. Finally, further tests were conducted to select the most efficient models before construction took place. This is very similar to the “lean-startup model” where you test as much as you can before building, and when you build, you must be confident you are achieving something close to optimal.
“Young cities” are probably the fastest growing group and the most challenging and interesting to design for. Think Jakarta, Lagos, or even Las Vegas. Young cities tend to be more malleable than old cities as they have whole areas that have grown so badly, often with little to no planning direction that they need to be completely redesigned.
Jakarta, often dubbed “the Big Durian”, is essentially ground zero of urban mobility. Here, you can spend one or two hours driving a mile, and yet you can't walk that same mile. Jakarta has thus become a flagship city in urban innovation because its needs are so dire.
Las Vegas has grown explosively in recent years, but mostly horizontally, while downtown remained essentially a no-man's-land for small and medium-sized businesses and middle-class families. The Downtown Project radically rebuilt downtown, created innovative, ground-breaking container parks, startup hubs and shared living spaces that are disrupting the way we think about urban living. These spaces are oriented toward serendipitous human interactions, putting “collision” at its center. Las Vegas will soon export its experiences, bringing its lessons learned to other ascendant cities across the globe.
At the high end of the innovative spectrum are “new cities,” built from scratch to attract people. Songdo in South Korea was one of the first modern ones but initially had a difficult time filling up its modern buildings and parks. Meantime, the famed Ordos/Kanbashi in China was emblematic of a failed new city – it was built in the middle of the outer Mongolian Desert to host 500,000 people and yet had only 2,000 inhabitants five years ago.
Today, however, both cities have escaped the dead-pool – Songdo is now full and thriving, and Ordos/Kanbashi now has 100,000 inhabitants and a thriving downtown.
Each city is different, and has solutions to their growth problems that will be custom tailored and radically impacted by the new mobility and new work revolution. As a sign of the times, Google/Alphabet has heavily funded Sidewalk Labs, whose goal is to build a blueprint for new cities and replicate it throughout the world. Once all cars are self-driving, once we have cheap and functional local light air travel, the equation will change again.
Alexandre Winter is the CEO and Founder of Placemeter, an urban intelligence platform that helps quantify movement in cities. Prior to Placemeter, they were the tech co-founder LTU Technologies. LTU was the pioneer in large scale image search by content. Previously, Alex also held positions as a Computer Vision Researcher at INRIA, France and mssile guidance and remote sensing engineer at Airbus Defense and Space.
This article first appeared in TheMarkNews
Authorities are expected to hold a press conference today at 4 p.m. to give an update on the latest information in regards to the shooting that took place this morning in Virginia at a GOP baseball practice.
Mobile Users Click HERE to watch the conference live.
Video has been released from a Wednesday morning shooting during a GOP baseball practice that injured multiple people and left the suspected shooter dead.
A video allegedly recorded during the shooting has appeared online. WARNING: Content may be disturbing to viewers.
Mobile users click here to view video.
Several U.S. Congressmen have shared their condolences after House Majority Whip Steve Scalise and two police officers were shot during the Congressional Baseball game for charity.
The Lousiana Congressman was among those that were injured. Scalise is now reported to be in critical condition after surgery.
Senator Bernie Sanders has said that the assailant had reportedly volunteered in their campaign, according to ABC reports. President Donald Trump said during a press conference that the assailant, identified as James T. Hodgkinson, died from their injuries.
Sen. Sanders says suspected shooter reportedly volunteered on their campaign: "I am sickened by this despicable act...I condemn this action." pic.twitter.com/KDvnKRca8m — ABC News (@ABC) June 14, 2017
LATEST: Suspect in shooting at GOP baseball practice in Virginia identified as James T. Hodgkinson of Illinois. https://t.co/WfLYQQkge9 pic.twitter.com/sjueltvavk — ABC News (@ABC) June 14, 2017
Earlier this morning, two Capitol police officers and House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Lousiana were reported to be in stable condition, according to the president.
BREAKING: Trump says assailant in Scalise shooting has died, member of congress in stable condition. — The Associated Press (@AP) June 14, 2017
A statement was also released regarding Steve Scalise condition:
Update on the Condition of Majority Whip Steve Scalise https://t.co/Lfna1fgHLL pic.twitter.com/BVGXbOKRMY — Rep. Steve Scalise (@SteveScalise) June 14, 2017
Kevin Brady, East Texas member of congress for Texas 8th District, attended the practice this morning but left practice moments before the shooting began. They released a statement praising the quick action of officers at the scene.
“The quick action of Majority Whip Steve Scalise's protection detail saved many lives this morning. I am so grateful for the heroic action of the Capitol Hill Police Force protection detail and pray for the full recovery of my roommate Congressman Steve Scalise and others wounded this morning."
Texas Congressman Roger Williams was also at the baseball game. They said one of their legislative correspondents was shot.
I now can confirm that Zack Barth, who is a legislative correspondent in my office, was shot this morning at baseball practice — Rep. Roger Williams (@RepRWilliams) June 14, 2017
Texas Congressman Joe Barton was at the game and said the shooting lasted 5-10 minutes. Barton was at the game with their son when the shooting happened.
BREAKING: Texas Rep. Joe Barton says the shooting lasted 5-10 minutes, dozens, if not hundreds of shots fired; `it was scary' — The Associated Press (@AP) June 14, 2017
.@RepJoeBarton and their sons board the subway in the Capitol after a shooting at the Republican's baseball practice in Va. #baseballshooting pic.twitter.com/4lrc80frcj — Tom Williams (@pennstatetom) June 14, 2017
Alabama Congressman Mo Brooks who was at the scene said several people were hit. They also praised the quick action of the two law enforcement officers.
Praying for those injured at this morning's practice. I'm especially thankful to the US Capitol Police who risked their lived to protect us. — Mo Brooks (@RepMoBrooks) June 14, 2017
President Trump expressed their thoughts on the shooting.
Praying for those injured at this morning's practice. I'm especially thankful to the US Capitol Police who risked their lived to protect us. — Mo Brooks (@RepMoBrooks) June 14, 2017
Former Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords issued a statement on the shooting of Congressman Steve Scalise during GOP baseball game.
My heart is with my former colleagues, their families & staff, and the US Capitol Police- public servants and heroes today and every day. — Gabrielle Giffords (@GabbyGiffords) June 14, 2017
Senator Bernie Sanders asked the public to "stop the violence" and wished a full recovery to Scalise.
Our prayers go out for a full recovery of Rep. Scalise, the congressional aides and police who were injured. We've got to stop the violence. — Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) June 14, 2017
Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick also released a statement on the shooting, saying hatred and violence have no place in society.
"My prayers are with the victims and their loved ones who were injured in today's attack at a congressional baseball practice. This hatred and violence has no place in America - it flies in the face of the very democracy our nation is rooted in. I am thankful that the shooter was apprehended by law enforcement quickly, and their deadly intentions were not fully realized," Patrick said.
Congressman Louie Gohmert expressed their "heartfelt prayers" to those shot Wednesday.
Heartfelt prayers for @SteveScalise & others shot at the baseball practice today. Thank you to @CapitolPolice who shot gunman. Heartsick. — Louie Gohmert (@replouiegohmert) June 14, 2017
Governor Greg Abbott shared their thoughts and prayers for those affected.
Our thoughts & prayers are with all those affected by the tragic shooting in Alexandria, VA. — Gov. Greg Abbott (@GovAbbott) June 14, 2017
Related links:
+Who is Majority Whip Steve Scalise?
+GOP baseball shooting: Rep. Scalise among victimes in critical condition
+The Latest: Scalise in critical condition after surgery
+Ohio Congressman at baseball field during shooting, treated injured Representative
+Capitol police hailed as heroes in Virginia shooting
+President Trump speaking on shooting, 'Assailant has died'
+Gunman who shot member of congress had history of anti-GOP activity
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Sodium Bicarbonate Market:
Industry Overview:
Global Sodium bicarbonate has chemical formula NaHCO3 also known as, bicarbonate of soda, sodium hydrogen carbonate, cooking soda, Natrium Bicarbonicum, and Natrium Hydrocarbonicum. Sodium bicarbonate is a white crystal solid and powder, odorless, with minor alkali taste. Generally sodium bicarbonate produced from soda ash.
Sodium bicarbonate is basically used as a source of carbon dioxide in processes of bread baking, producing carbonated beverages and artificial mineral water, as a component of fire extinguishing agents, medicinal compounds and in others chemical raw materials.
Global Sodium bicarbonate market growth. The growing food & beverage industry including the demand of fast food due to rapid urbanization on account of developing domestic as well as industrial particularly in Asia-Pacific and North America has boosted the global sodium bicarbonate market over the forecasted period.
Request for a sample copy of this report@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2632
Industry Segmentation:
Global Sodium bicarbonate market is majorly segmented on the basis of application, end users and region. Based on application of sodium bicarbonate the market is segmented into medical, soap & detergents, baking powder, animal feed, chemical raw material, agrochemical, fire-extinguishing agent, and others. Based on end user the market segmented into pharmaceutical, personal care, textile industry, food & beverages, chemical industry, agriculture and others.
Industry Influence:
Data integration and capabilities are analysed to support the findings and study the predicted geographical segmentations. Various key variables and regression models were considered to calculate the trajectory of sodium bicarbonate market. Detailed analysis is explained and given importance to with best working models.
Geographically, the segmentation is done into several key regions like North America, Middle East & Africa, Asia Pacific, Europe and Latin America. The production, consumption, revenue, shares in mill UDS, growth rate of sodium bicarbonate market during the forecast period of 2018 to 2022 is well explained.
All the queries about this report can be asked@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/sodium-bicarbonate-market-2632
Industry Key Players:
Tata Chemicals Ltd. (India),
Solvay S.A. Chemicals Company (Europe),
Church & Dwight, Inc. (USA),
FMC Corporation. (US),
Blue Bird Foods India Pvt. Ltd. (India),
Tosoh Corporation (japan),
Asahi glass co. ltd (Japan).
Make an inquiry for purchasing this report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/sodium-bicarbonate-market-2632
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
