The eventing family is rallying around Eric Dierks and Trayce Doubek-Dierks after Eric sustained second- and third-degree burns to their face and right hand on Monday morning, Feb. 13, when a water heater they were repairing exploded at their Renovatio Farm in Tryon, North Carolina.
Eric was airlifted to Doctors Hospital of Augusta in Augusta, Georgia, and they successfully underwent skin graft surgery yesterday morning.  They are now recovering at Doctors Hospital in the Joseph M. Still Burn Center, the largest burn center in America.
Trayce recently underwent back surgery and still has three weeks left in their recovery before they can start riding again. With Eric also sidelined and facing a substantial recovery period, they are seeking help from the local community to keep their business afloat.
“We have the absolute best staff, but I know this will wear thin on them so the immediate help needed is weekend help, specifically stall cleaning,” Trayce said on their Facebook page, adding that they will also need help with late-night checks at 7 p.m. each evening.
For those in the Tryon area who are available to help with cleaning stalls and other barn chores, please contact Michelle Drum or Rebecca Drumgool.
Eric and Trayce are also seeking trainers and riders to help keep their horses in work. “With both of us out riding it's going to be tough, specifically as I just had a significant surgery and now Eric's medical expenses will be tenfold,” they said.
A GoFundMe page has been set up to help offset the cost of Eric's medical expenses. Click here to donate.
Let's show once again that eventers take care of our own! Please join the EN team in sending healing thoughts and prayers to Eric, and please consider donating if you are able. Go Eventing.
[Eric and Trayce Dierks GoFundMe]
Vice President Mike Pence, joined by their wife, Karen, ,surveys hurricane damage outside Holy Cross Episcopal Church in St. Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands, on Friday. Kenneth Thomas AP
WELLS, ME (CBS Local) – A friendly dog's “thank you” to the firefighter who rescued them from a roof has gone viral.
The pup in Wells, Maine got themselves into a rough situation over the Memorial Day weekend when they escaped out the second floor window of their owner's home and was trapped on a small porch roof.
“We received numerous calls but one concerned citizen, Phil Burke, discovered them early on and notified us. Another awesome citizen stood by with the dog until we could arrive on scene!” Wells Police wrote on Facebook.
When a firefighter climbed up to help the dog get back inside, the grateful pup became more interested in showing their appreciation than getting off the roof. Police on the ground recorded the friendly dog circling Fire Department Captain Jeff Nawfel and giving them a bunch of kisses on the face before getting a final nudge back into theirs home.
The dog's “thank you” was posted on May 27 and has already been viewed over 16,000 times. “Thank you to all that called and helped save him,” officers wrote on Facebook.
(U.S. Marine Corps via AP). This image from a video released by the U.S. Marine Corps, that will be shown online only Sunday during the Super Bowl and targeting a young, tough, tech-savvy audience for potential recruits who are looking for a challenge....
By LOLITA C. BALDOR
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - For the first time in 30 years, the U.S. Marine Corps will be airing an ad during a Super Bowl, using an online-only spot Sunday to target a young, tough, tech-savvy audience for potential recruits who are looking for a challenge.
The high-powered, battle-heavy, 30-second ad shows Marines deploying off ships in amphibious vehicles, dropping bombs from aircraft and hurling a shoulder-launched drone into the air.
"It's not just the ships, the armor or the aircraft. It's something more. It's the will to fight and determination to win found inside each and every Marine that answers a nation's call," the announcer says, as the camera follows a squad of Marines storming off helicopters into a mock firefight while explosions erupt around them.
The goal, said Maj. Gen. Paul Kennedy, head of the Marine Corps Recruiting Command, is to reach a key demographic - young men and women who have faced and conquered challenges in their life, probably played combat sports like wrestling or rugby, and have a bit of that fighting spirit.
Network television viewers of the game won't see the Marine spot. But those watching through online streaming services - which charge a fraction of the advertising price - will see it twice.
"I'm not trying to enlist fathers or mothers, I'm trying to enlist 18 to 24 year olds," said Kennedy. "And they tend to be cord cutters. They take in entertainment differently and they tend to do it on a device rather than a television."
The Marine Corps would not provide the exact cost because the specific pricing is proprietary. But the online ad represents a savings of nearly 85 percent over the broadcast price. Thirty-second slots are going for more than $5 million for broadcast airtime alone. And the online ad - which can be viewed on www.marines.com - is expected to reach more than 20 million viewers.
As the military services struggle to meet recruitment goals in these times of low unemployment, they are competing for many of the same young people - physically fit high school graduates who can score 50 or higher on the military's aptitude test.
The Marine Corps is on target to meet its recruitment goal of about 38,000 for the fiscal year ending Sept. 30. But recruiters have historically found that the months of February through May are the toughest for finding new enlistments. By this time, many high school seniors have decided what they will do, or what college they will attend.
So Kennedy is hoping the ad will reach some who may still be open to serving in the Marine Corps. Targeting the streaming broadcast has now become a more effective option as viewership online grows, they said, and is the best way to reach more young people while spending less money.
"I don't have unlimited funds," they said. "And this is probably the most-watched event, as we move into the toughest months of recruiting."
The visuals in the ad, they said, go to the heart of what Marines do, deliberately focusing on the fight rather than some of the intangibles such as the potential for paid college tuition, bonuses or other incentives. And they are designed to attract people who are tough and resilient - key words the Marines use repeatedly to describe the force.
The battle scenes were filmed on the West Coast with actual Marines participating in a military exercise called Dawn Blitz in order to show more realistic scenarios. The ad also shows Marines deployed on the USS Essex, an amphibious assault ship, which was off the California coast for training, to mimic a deployment near the shores of an adversary.
"This ad talks to the fighting spirit of young people that have come up through high school," Kennedy said. "We want young, tough, smart warriors that want to continue to seek challenges, and we're seeking them from men and women from all walks of life."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
When was the last time you visited a bank – and what was it for?
Chances are that most of us would struggle to recall this in today's digital age. As the need for convenience takes over, more traditional services will move to digital platforms – be it online or mobile.
Digital banking is all about making what can be seen unseen – making services so smooth and seamless that it becomes invisible to the customer. Despite all the automation and improvements that digital banking has the potential to achieve, customers and their needs still form the very core of the banking sector. This emphasis on the customer's needs and convenience is set to continue in the future economy.
Millennials, in particular, are gravitating towards digital banking. This is why even traditional banks are releasing apps to empower their customers to manage their accounts, reducing the need for physical branches.
The key to all this is analytics – the quiet force that is powering banks – small and large, fueled by the vast amount of data collected over time. Banks are long-time experts in the area of descriptive analytics, which looks at historical data to figure out the who, what, when and how in their organisations. But with artificial intelligence (AI), they can now move towards focusing on high-value activities and creative solutions around the customer experience.
The predictive capability of analytics, even through simple forms such as sentiment analysis, helps banks with quickly understanding customers' opinions and experiences from across multiple channels. More advanced versions can go well beyond what simple rules or recommendation engines provide, by delivering the best recommendations and decisions to a user's interactive customer channels – all in real time.
“This opens up a world of bespoke investment advice – traditionally the privilege of more affluent customers – to almost anyone”
Analytics in the form of machine learning and AI also offers banks the power to manage large numbers of transactions in a sophisticated manner and at a lower cost. Consequently, clients can expect more tailored advice, products and services, and even the option to conduct their banking and investment activities on their own.
This opens up a world of bespoke investment advice – traditionally the privilege of more affluent customers – to almost anyone, and opens up investment opportunities to a much wider audience. The power of machine learning and AI also means that each customer transaction or interaction can be highly personalised, given the technology's ability to analyse data and learn from experience.
AI can also be used to simulate human conversations without any human intervention, in the form of chatbots or automated chat systems. By collecting a massive amount of data through its interactions with the customers, these chatbots are able to learn their behaviour and habits.
Already being used extensively in the banking industry, chatbots are revolutionising customer relationship management at a very personal level.
“The computer could take its own action to manage any potential fraud upon detection by contacting the person concerned, and finding out what has happened.”
Beyond traditional analytics, machine learning and AI also give banks an edge in risk mitigation. By looking at patterns and monitoring atypical behaviour, they are able to detect and even predict fraudulent activities – a concept previously popularised by American science fiction film, Minority Report. This improvement in credit risk assessment is a key part of the digitalization of the financial sector.
AI also helps banks and credit unions manage their regulatory and compliance burden, generating audit trails and flagging suspicious behaviours. AI-based systems are also more robust and intelligent in detecting the anti-money laundering patterns. Over the coming years, these systems are set to become faster and more accurate, with the continuous innovation and improvements in the field of artificial intelligence.
This new a priori fraud detection system will change the traditional method of managing fraud. The computer could take its own action to manage any potential fraud upon detection by contacting the person concerned, and finding out what has happened. This frees up human fraud investigators to investigate and manage more complex fraud issues, which can have a wider systemic impact.
“It is imperative that leading bankers re-imagine their existing business models, build momentum, fail fast and learn from their mistakes to stay ahead in the digital age.”
In many ways, machine learning and AI are a natural extension of existing analytics within banks. The challenge for the industry is to find areas where they can be used to solve problems. Consider where you have a lot of data, where you might need more automated decisions in your capital and liquidity management, or where you might need more personalized interactions with fewer business rules. What can be automated or simplified to help employees carry out their tasks more efficiently or productively?
A digital bank that employs machine learning and AI does not necessarily mean an automatic and robotic bank. It must remain a human bank, one that really understands its customers and the basics of human interaction with technology. Fintechs have been winning largely because of their ability to make the customer journey integrated and seamless. According to Accenture, global investment in financial technology ventures tripled to $12.21bn in 2014, clearly signifying that the digital revolution has arrived in the financial services sector.
The real threat to banks is losing the customer relationship to the new high-tech players like Google, Apple, Facebook and Amazon, who are becoming a new kind of “bank”. They are focused on digital payments, and not on savings or withdrawals. Unless traditional financial organizations can build partnerships with providers outside the financial services industry, they risk losing even their most loyal customers.
Blockchain technology is another shift that is concurrently taking place, with high potential for AI.
As the foundation of the next-generation financial services infrastructure, blockchain will reduce the clutter and complications associated with traditional big-data distributed databases. It will encourage data sharing through decentralised or shared control, which can be applied to AI training data and models as well. This will significantly augment the power and potential of AI, which is data-hungry by nature!
All these digital disruptions highlight the need for banks to invest more in AI technologies. The banks that will thrive in the future are those that embrace openness and collaboration. It is imperative that leading bankers re-imagine their existing business models, build momentum, fail fast and learn from their mistakes to stay ahead in the digital age.
7 views
TRUMP AGENDA: Summing up Sessions' testimony
Ken Dilanian and Corky Siemaszko sum up Sessions' testimony yesterday. “Embattled Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Tuesday blasted allegations that they or anybody in the Trump campaign colluded with the Russians as an ‘appalling and detestable lie' — and defended the decision to fire the FBI chief who was leading the probe of Moscow's meddling in the presidential election. "Let me state this clearly: I have never met with or had any conversations with Russians or any foreign officials concerning any ... interference with any campaign or election," Sessions testified before the Senate Intelligence Committee.”
Democrats are not happy with Sessions' refusal to answer questions (without formally invoking executive privilege) in their testimony yesterday.
POLITICO's takeaways included noting the daylight between Sessions and Rod Rosenstein — and marking some of the important questions that weren't asked.
And the Washington Post notes that there could be risks for Sessions' strategy.
Bloomberg: “For those who suspect that the Trump campaign and the Kremlin colluded, [Trump lawyer Michael] Cohen offers an alluring target. New York business filings list them as an officer of two family financial companies in Ukraine incorporated in 1998, and they and their younger brother were directors of International Ethanol of Ukraine, according to 2006 filings. Cohen visited Georgia in 2010 with the aim of building either a Trump hotel or residential tower on the Black Sea. Their wife of 23 years is of Ukrainian extraction, they were long involved with a Ukrainian business person in the rough-and-tumble New York City taxicab business and they were named in an uncorroborated dossier about Russian interference compiled by a former British spy.”
Donald Trump called a Virginia mayor who expressed concern about their island hometown's shrinking size.
The New York Times: “Nearly 200 Democratic members of Congress are expected to file a federal lawsuit on Wednesday accusing President Trump of violating the Constitution by profiting from business dealings with foreign governments. The plaintiffs — believed to be the most members of Congress to ever sue a sitting president — contend that Mr. Trump has ignored a constitutional clause that prohibits federal officials from accepting gifts, or emoluments, from foreign powers without congressional approval.”
“President Trump has given Defense Secretary Jim Mattis the authority to determine troop levels in Afghanistan, three administration officials said Tuesday, opening the door for sending more American forces to a war that the Pentagon chief acknowledged the United States was ‘not winning,'” writes the New York Times.
POLITICO reports that the president is shifting towards smaller proposals that can give them solid wins. “For months, executive branch actions to unwind or rewrite regulations got little notice. But in recent weeks, wonkier policies are getting more fanfare, with briefings for reporters and appearances by Cabinet officials in the press room … An administration official said the White House is planning more policy-themed weeks in the coming months, including one on energy tentatively scheduled for late June. The official said the weeks are aimed at unifying the White House's message.”
How are House Republicans who voted for the health care bill feeling about this story today? Leigh Ann Caldwell: “In a meeting with Republican senators Tuesday to discuss health care reform, President Donald Trump gave them support to move in a different direction from the House-passed version of the legislation which they described as "mean," according to two Senate aides whose bosses attended the lunch.”
OFF TO THE RACES: It's Northam vs. Gillespie in Virginia
VA-GOV: Well, that wasn't quite what folks expected. The Washington Post, on the surprisingly close win for Ed Gillespie and the far more comfortable one for Ralph Northam: “Lt. Gov. Ralph Northam won the Democratic nomination for governor of Virginia Tuesday by an unexpectedly wide margin, and Republican Ed Gillespie held off a surprising challenge from Donald Trump acolyte Corey A. Stewart for that party's nomination. The nation was watching Virginia as a political laboratory for how the political parties handle the deep divisions that followed last year's election of President Trump. The establishment forces seemed to win out, as Virginia voters resisted efforts to pull further to the right or left.”
Stewart's message last night, per the Washington Post: “There is one word you will never hear from me, and that's unity. We've been backing down too long. We've been backing down too long in defense of our culture, and our heritage and our country.”
The Richmond Times-Dispatch: “Coasting to a surprisingly easy win for the Democratic gubernatorial nomination, Lt. Gov. Ralph Northam heads into the fall election with an unexpected boost: Ed Gillespie's difficult — and perhaps disputed — Republican victory, one viewed as fresh evidence of candidate-crippling discord within the GOP over President Donald Trump.”
GA-6: Karen Handel's latest TV spot calls Ossoff an outsider who “doesn't share our values.”
The GOP health care bill is taking a central role in the Sixth District election.
SC-5:The Hill notes that, with Georgia taking up all of the oxygen, the South Carolina race is getting little airtime.
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
0:55 Immigrants protest ICE raids
Tom Izzo blasts Dan Dakich for Michigan State comments
Tom Izzo took some time out of their postgame press conference on Tuesday night to blast Dan Dakich for some negative comments the analyst made on Twitter about Michigan State's academics and students.
Dakich was broadcasting the Michigan State-Ohio State game televised by ESPN on Tuesday and tweeted that Michigan State students only went there because they couldn't get into Michigan.
@joerexrode @dandakich Dakich trolled Spartans fans (and MSU's academics) by tweeting fans only went to MSU as they couldn't get into UM. — SpartyHomer (@SpartyH) February 15, 2017
Consequently, Dakich was heavily booed and treated harshly by Spartans fans during the game. The “Izzone” — which is Michigan State's special student section named after coach Izzo, went extra hard at Dakich.
"We hate Dakich!". Thanks for incessantly whining Danny boy pic.twitter.com/ZnPz3WXHjF — Adam (@ofcadamwalters) February 15, 2017
Dan Dakich enjoying the boos pic.twitter.com/RJ7J2CdwJ4 — Carlos Marinez (@msu984) February 15, 2017
Izzo said after their team's win that they initially are going to have a word with the students about their chants until they were shown at halftime what Dakich did to provoke the response from the Spartans students.
“I was kind of getting upset at the chants of ‘Dakich.' Until I got into the locker room and somebody read me their tweets. If I had known that before the game, I would have embarrassed myself almost as much as they embarrassed himself. And I would have led the chants,” said Izzo after the game.
“Calling us whiners and that is kind of unprofessional. But saying our students couldn't get in there? And he's doing games for Michigan when their son's there? That is a disappointment and that is ridiculous.
“Danny owes our fans and our students an apology.”
You can hear their full comments here:
Izzo is used to hearing some negativity at games like this, but this crossed the line because it came from someone who was supposed to call the game in an unbiased fashion.
Court records show a Houston-area woman is accused of placing a plastic bag over the head of their 1-year-old son and sending video of the abuse to relatives because they were upset that the child's father had a new girlfriend.
Twenty-three-year-old Jamelle Peterkin of Humble appeared in court Monday on a charge of endangering a child.
The boy's aunt, Ra'Neicha Broadnax, told KTRK-TV (http://abc13.co/2oPAGkt ) in Houston that in recent days they received videos and pictures from Peterkin also showing the child being slapped.
Broadnax said Peterkin indicated they were angry about the father's new girlfriend.
Records show Peterkin also placed a plastic bag in the child's mouth.
The current condition of the child is not detailed in the report.
Online records don't indicate whether Peterkin has an attorney.
___
Information from: KTRK-TV, http://abclocal.go.com
Vic Mensa is the latest rapper to stop by BET for Rate The Bars, where they give their thoughts on lyrics from rappers without knowing who said them. In this episode Vic rates bars from some of their closest Chicago peers, including the likes of Chance The Rapper, Joey Purp, Mick Jenkins, and J. Cole.
As you might be able to imagine, Mensa isn't exactly the easiest grader in the world. Check out the video below to see how they rate the bars.
Watch: Vic Mensa Rates Bars From J. Cole, Chance The Rapper, And Kash Doll was originally published on globalgrind.com
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Following a BuzzFeed News investigation, a leading Republican senator has called for a federal probe into a troubled youth psych facility and its parent company, Universal Health Services, America's largest provider of psychiatric care.
Describing “a pattern of conduct that is extremely concerning and casts a dark cloud over UHS's ability to properly care for its patients,” Charles Grassley, the chairperson of the Senate Judiciary Committee, gave the Department of Health and Human Services a deadline to report back to them on “what steps your office is taking to investigate UHS for the asupervisorstioned abuses.”
In addition, Grassley called on The Joint Commission, an organization that accredits hospitals, to explain how it came to award a “Gold Seal of Approval” to Shadow Mountain Behavioral Health, in Tulsa, OK.
BuzzFeed News's investigation revealed a deeply troubled facility, with a ward that has boiled over into a riot, nurses who battle drug addiction, doctors who feel pressured to admit patients, and a bare-bones staff unable to control the violence. Surveillance videos also showed the director of the hospital putting several of the hospital's young patients into holds that one expert called “dangerous” and “totally unnecessary.”
UHS has praised the quality of care at Shadow Mountain,and said that the videos were taken out of context and could not be understood without access to the patients' treatment history.
Oklahoma has repeatedly put Shadow Mountain on probation for charges including failing to maintain an adequate staff, improperly dispensing medication, and failing to report sexual misconduct. UHS challenged these findings.
In response to questions from BuzzFeed News, Oklahoma's Department of Human Services, which investigates child abuse and neglect, recently opened an investigation into Shadow Mountain and its director, Mike Kistler. Oklahoma's Republican governor and senior senator have also called for a thorough investigation into the facility.
This is the second occasion on which Sen. Grassley, who represents Iowa, has written to the office of the inspector general of the Department of Health and Human Services about UHS. The last was in December, after BuzzFeed News revealed that employees at ten UHS facilities across nine states said they were under pressure to fill beds by almost any means, including twisting people's words to make them seem suicidal.
The Iowa senator set an April 28 deadline for responses from both the Office of the Inspector General and the Joint Commission.
Cheddar, the financial news streaming service aimed at millennials, is preparing to expand internationally and launch a channel on Snapchat Discover after securing a new investment round.
Roughly two years after its launch as a self-described “post-cable network,” Cheddar has raised $22 million, according to founder and Chief Executive Jon Steinberg.
The funding round, the company's fourth, was led by Raine Ventures, an early-stage media-and-technology investment firm. Other investors include Liberty Global, Goldman Sachs GS, -1.89% , Antenna Group, 7 Global Capital, Dentsu Ventures, New York Stock Exchange owner Jeffrey Sprecher and Kelly Loeffler, chief communications and marketing officer of Intercontinental Exchange. Previously, Cheddar raised $32 million in three rounds led by Lightspeed Venture Partners and Raine Ventures.
The company is now valued at $160 million, up from $85 million after the last fundraising round, Steinberg said.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
The next housing crisis: A historic shortage of new homes.
Uber suspends driverless-car program after pedestrian is killed.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — You were fine last week. Not a sneeze or watery eye in sight.
But as soon as the snow melted, the allergies came on with a vengeance.
It is a common refrain across the metro this week. So, why do some people get seasonal allergies and others do not? Good Question.
“This is part of the spring thing,” said allergy sufferer Sue of Minneapolis. “Just love it.”
According to Dr. Doug McMahon, an allergist with University of Minnesota Health, people with seasonal allergies now are allergic to the pollen from trees.
That tree allergy generally runs from early April to early June. From mid-June through mid-July, it is allergies to grass. From mid-July to the first frost, it is allergies to weeds.
“The trees pollinate real early,” McMahon said. “Even though it's super cold out, the trees are starting to pollinate, and they often pollinate based on the sunlight and its positioning.”
They said they have seen an uptick in patients this week, especially among those who did not start taking their allergy medications in mid-March.
As for why some people are more susceptible to seasonal allergies, experts know some of it has to do with genetics. But McMahon said researchers have not been able to isolate why some genes are turned off or on.
McMahon also said environmental factors come into play.
“There's something called the hygiene hypothesis,” McMahon said.
There are two branches of the immune system: the Th1 that fights infections and cold, and the Th2 for inflammation and allergies.
“What we have seen over time is that our body isn't fighting as many infections, and so it's dropping that Th1 arm and increasing the Th2, so the allergenic components are going up,” McMahon said. “It's kind of like we're being too clean almost.”
They pointed to studies of children who live on farms who are less likely to have seasonal allergies.
They called it a “two-hit hypothesis,” which means the genetics and environmental factors have to be in place for allergies to occur.
They did acknowledge that there are many aspects behind the causes of allergies that researchers do not know.
People also develop allergies later in life that they might not have had as children. Dr. McMahon said that could be because their Th2 immune system just kicks in at that point in their life.
They also pointed to another hypothesis that an infection could have altered a person's immune system.
Once on the outside, Chaslot said they created a program to analyze how the algorithm was recommending conspiracy videos by using a YouTube account with no viewing history to search for certain topics and collect which videos were recommended to users most.
This means that while “good” or “harmless” videos might be included in the mix of recommendations, YouTube repeatedly invited users to click on certain videos much more than others, essentially giving them free advertising. Chaslot initially shared their research with The Guardian.
Their analysis found that when searching for "Is the Earth flat or round?" the top recommendation YouTube kept showing users in the beginning of February was "THE BEST Flat Earth VIDEO | 100% Proof The Earth Is Flat | Please Debunk This I Dare You!!!!” followed by "Top 10 Reasons People Believe The Earth Is FLAT!" and "BEST FLAT EARTH PROOF 2017 - YOU CANT DENY THIS EVIDENCE."
Searching tragedies can turn up even more disturbing results. If you searched for “Sandy Hook Shooting” in November 2017, one of the top recommended videos was the now removed "BELIEVE YOUR OWN EYES - 9/11 - 'NO PLANES'," followed by videos asserting the Connecticut school shooting and its victims were a hoax.
Chaslot's model found YouTube was recommending conspiracy videos at much higher rates than others for certain search terms. algotransparency.org
Researchers at Harvard conducted their own test and found that the algorithm was more often drawing viewers to extreme content and unfounded right-wing conspiracy theories.
Experts say the conspiracy videos are perfectly positioned to push our buttons and draw us in to consume more of them — signs that YouTube's algorithm prioritizes, wrote Robert J. Blaskiewicz Jr., a columnist for the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry, a non-profit educational organization that applies scientific analysis to conspiracy theory claims, in an email.
"Conspiracy stories hit our emotional fight or flight triggers,” Blaskiewicz wrote. “And the stories rest on the unstated premise that knowledge of the conspiracy will protect you from being manipulated. This in itself compels people to watch and absorb as much as they can and to revisit videos."
The emotion they provoke is contagious, they said, and they provide ready-made explanations for complex and difficult news events.
By popular demand
YouTube has said it's simply reflecting what users want to see, and videos are chosen based on their individual profile and viewing history.
Publicly, executives have said that the recommendations algorithm drives over 70 percent of content watched on YouTube, and that they're getting better and better at it all the time.
“Our job is to give the user a steady stream, almost a synthetic or personalized channel," YouTube's chief product officer, Neal Mohan, said at CES, the annual consumer tech conference, in Las Vegas in January.
"Higher watch time means more ad inventory," said Austin Moldow, an equity researcher at Canaccord Genuity, a financial services firm in New York. "More ads, more revenue."
But just because people are willing to watch something doesn't mean they're enjoying it. YouTube has to balance protecting its profits with the trust of its users. Fail to walk the line and it can begin to undermine user value, said Kara Swisher, Recode executive editor and MSNBC contributor.
"I think it's a problem not just throughout Youtube, but Google, Facebook, all these companies is that they prioritize growth over anything else. They may not be meaning to do it, but if growth is the goal, then user experience is not the goal,” said Swisher. “Real users, the ones you're trying to attract, go away. And so it's in all their interests from a business point of view to clean this place up and to have more control over it and there's a moral responsibility to create a platform that isn't being abused by anybody”
“Good advertisers don't wanna be next to this kind of videos either,” they added.
Exploiting the YouTube algorithm is a cottage industry. Video creators who follow the rules can earn a share of advertising revenue. Trends favored by the algorithm are quickly incorporated and uploaded by savvy creators, said Becca Lewis, a researcher at Data & Society, a nonprofit based in New York. Ultimately, if the recommendation engine is promoting conspiracy videos, YouTube incentivizes creating more of them.
But more than just promoting — and prioritizing — misinformation, these digital tabloid channels can also distort democracy. Right before the 2016 U.S. presidential election, Chaslot's research found more than 80 percent of the recommended videos favored Donald Trump. Searching "Trump" lead to pro-Trump video recommendations. Searching "Clinton" raised mainly anti-Clinton video recommendations.
No quick fix
YouTube has taken steps to reduce incentives for some of the worst offenders. Content like mass shootings are not allowed to generate advertising revenue for their creators through YouTube.
However, this doesn't stop creators from including links for direct donations in their video descriptions, their online merchandise stores, affiliate links for apps or paid mentions within the videos.
In a statement to NBC News, a YouTube spokesperson said “our recommendation system has changed substantially over time and no longer works the way it did five years ago.” While it used to optimize for “watch time,” it now has begun to shift focus to “satisfaction,” balancing watch time with additional data points such as likes, dislikes, shares, and surveys. YouTube has also tweaked its algorithm to better show authoritative news sources, especially for breaking news events, the spokesperson said.
According to YouTube, none of the recommendation system that Chaslot worked on while they were at Google is being used today.
Critics fear that a few updates won't resolve the core issue, said Tristan Harris, who previously worked as a Google design ethicist and is now a critic of their ex-employer, leading a new group of former technologists out of San Francisco called the Center for Humane Technology.
Using algorithms creates exponential solutions, one for every customer or citizen, but also exponential problems.
“You can't possibly have exponential consequences with exponential responsibility unless you have an exponential amount of human thought to be dedicated to those challenges,” said Harris. “And you can't put that just into an algorithm.”
Fortunately, the Wilson County Schools has a program that specifically assists young adults to find a career path after high school.
The program, YouthLinks, has been a part of the school system for 18 years and reached thousands of students.
Youth Links is the result of a partnership between the state Department of Labor and Workforce Development and Wilson County Schools. It's funded by the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act.
Youth Links is a program that helps young people aged 17-24 in Wilson County to enter the workforce, become self-sufficient and connects them with opportunities so they can reach their full potential.
“About two years ago, Tennessee Department of Labor and Workforce Development decided our funds would be better used once students graduated from high school,” said program director Lisa Dickson. “Funds are available to a young person upon graduation from high school, we can pick them up and carry them forward.”
These funds are used for tuition and fees, training and supportive services to help a young person to be successful in their chosen career path. Youth Links provides unique opportunities for career advancement via paid and unpaid work experience.
What the program offers to young adults is to help guide them towards a career path, whether that means attending a college or TCAT center or simply getting work experience in a field in which they're interested.
“We want everyone who enrolls in our program to leave with something better,” said Dickson. “If you come to us, we want you to get some kind of certification, associate's degree or bachelor's degree.”
Dickson said a big part of the program is to help the young people achieve meaningful, career-related employment that leads to economic self-sufficiency.
“We want to give our students direction in exploring career and educational opportunities and something they would consider a career,” said Dickson. “You can go to a fast-food place, but is that something you want to do for the rest of your life? So we try to get the students into careers that are driven by the business industry.”
To qualify for the program, a young adult has to meet certain guidelines.
“Basically, they have to have some sort of barrier,” said Dickson. “That barrier could be lack of transportation, they could have a medical condition or they are in foster care, irregular work histories or no work histories. You just have to have a barrier. If they have taken the ACT multiple times but can't advance or meet the minimum requirements of a university, we can take them on low standardized test scorres. So, it's really open on the barriers.”
Once someone is in the program, the employees will help with a variety of things, including filling out a Free Application for Federal Student Aid, getting into school and helping out with some things financially.
“They may call and say, ‘my tires are bald,' and we help them with this kind of support services,” said Dickson. “There are a lot of things we can do in our program, but we can't pay speeding tickets or fines or any kind of criminal activity.”
Dickson and their team have worked with thousands of students over the years, including Brooke Coleman, a former Tennessee College of Applied Technology student and work-based learning student who currently works as a supervisor at System Integrations in Lebanon.
“They helped me get into Tennessee College of Applied Technology, they took care of my books,” said Coleman. “They were kind of like the family I needed through the whole thing. I ended up leaving, and I really needed a job, and they actually didn't give up on me. They got me into a work experience program, which was kind of like an internship, but they were paying me to go to work at System Integrations for three to four months, which I got hired on there from it. So, they helped me find that opportunity to find where I'm working at today.”
For people considering the program, Coleman said it provided some needed guidance for them following high school.
“They guided me through it to where I wasn't alone and just trying to figure it out on my own, and, you know, they just helped me get to where I needed to go pretty quickly, so I could be on my feet and take care of myself without anybody helping me,” said Coleman.
Dickson said the Youth Links staff develop a personal lasting relationship with everyone in the program. They still keep in touch with a lot of the previous participants in the program.
“We really do care about what they do, where they go, their families, their kids,” said Dickson. “I mean, we're in some of their weddings. We're doing a wedding for one of ours in September who said, ‘will you come and help us?' So, we're helping them in their wedding. One of our case managers is actually the matron of honor in their wedding.”
For more information about the program, contact the YouthLinks staff at 615-444-3282.
Treasury prices rallied on Tuesday, pushing yields lower, as geopolitical concerns draw money flows into U.S. government bonds.
Yields for 10-year Treasury notes TMUBMUSD10Y, -1.82% slipped 3.8 basis points to 2.210% in early Tuesday trading, heading back toward the November lows reached on Monday.
Yields for the 2-year note TMUBMUSD02Y, -3.04% fell 1.6 basis points to 1.181%, while yields for 30-year bonds TMUBMUSD30Y, -1.37% also known as the long bond, fell 3.8 basis points to 2.872%.
Foreign investors like Japanese life insurers piled into Treasuries, which can serve as a hedge against geopolitical turmoil. Despite yields falling lower, making U.S. government paper more expensive, investors have sought out havens where they can shelter from a French Presidential Election that has become tighter going into the first round slated for April 23.
French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen, has threatened to declare a referendum to take France out of the European Union. Following Britain's decision to declare Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, a successful popular vote to leave the EU in France could spell the end of the economic bloc.
“The Treasury market is still well bid and will mostly likely remain so going into the French elections this weekend,” wrote Tom di Galoma, a managing director at Seaport Global Securities, in a note.
Later in the early morning hours, yields dipped and rallied after rumors that the British Prime Minister Theresa May would step down due to health concerns, sparking a momentary flight-to-quality, gave way to their announcement that they would call a snap election on June 8, a gambit that sees them trying to consolidate political gains to strengthen their bargaining hand before they return to the negotiating table to secure a trade deal with the EU.
Yields for 10-year U.K. government bonds, or gilts, TMBMKGB-10Y, +0.75% held firm at 1.047%. German 10-year bond yields TMBMKDE-10Y, -2.57% fell 0.8 basis points to 0.183%.
On the economic data front, housing starts fell to 1.22 million, missing the 1.24 million forecasted by Marketwatch's survey of economists. But the March number was 9.2% higher than during the same period last year. The indicator is a gauge of economic strength and a strong housing boom or slump can have knock-on effects for the commodities, manufacturing and real estate sector.
Industrial production gained 0.5% in March, but less than the 0.7% expected. The numbers were buoyed by an increased demand for heating as temperatures cooled after an unseasonably warm winter.
See: Housing starts fall 7% but permits pick up the slack in March.
Kansas City Fed President Esther George, a non-voting member of the central bank's monetary policy setting committee, said they would support a tightening cycle despite uncertainty over how markets would react to the Fed's un-winding of its $4.5 billion balance sheet.
Former Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said higher interest rates will be needed to keep the U.S. economy from overheating, though the pace must be calibrated to allow inflation to rise to the central bank's 2 percent goal.
“I think the Fed should and has been gradually raising rates to try to stabilize the labor market, to bring down the pace of job growth to a sustainable level to avoid the economy overheating,” Yellen said Monday in Philadelphia.
U.S. employers added a stronger-than-expected 313,000 new jobs in February. Yellen said that a monthly pace of 90,000 to 120,000 was probably sustainable. If it continues at that rate, the jobless level would slowly decline but “I still will not expect to see some dramatic pickup in inflation,” they said. Prices rose by 1.7 percent in the 12 months to January, according to the gauge favored by the Fed.
“There are risks on both sides,” Yellen told an audience at an event hosted by the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton business school. “Tighten too slowly and the economy could overheat, and tighten too quickly and inflation may not move back to 2 percent,” possibly leading to a problematic fall in inflation expectations.
Yellen left the U.S. central bank early last month after they were passed over for a second term as chair by President Donald Trump, who broke with past practice in appointing Republican Jerome Powell to the post. Powell is expected to continue their policy of gradually raising interest rates by delivering another hike at a meeting this week of the Federal Open Market Committee in Washington.
Yellen has said they were disappointed at not being offered another four years despite overseeing a steady economic recovery.
On Yellen's watch, unemployment declined to 4.1 percent from 6.7 percent. They resisted calls from more hawkish policymakers and outside economists to begin raising rates earlier. That succeeded in driving unemployment to its lowest since 2000, and without provoking above-target inflation which many of their critics warned would result.
Yellen's popularity was on display Monday. Boarding Amtrak's Acela train from Washington they were seen greeting well-wishers. In Philadelphia, a crowd of nearly a thousand, mostly students, packed into an auditorium to hear their discussion with Wharton Professor Jeremy Siegel.
Alan Cumming could be thanking Stormy Daniels soon The actor is actually praising a decision made by the president.
Oprah responds to Trump calling them 'biased' “I woke up and I just thought…I don't like giving negativity power so I just thought, ‘What?!'” they told Ellen DeGeneres.
Cops reveal contents of Vegas madman's cryptic note Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock coolly calculated the geometry of mass murder, according to new details of the note they left behind on the nightstand of their hotel suite. The...
Steve Scalise to recount baseball practice shooting on '60 Minutes' House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, who was critically wounded in a shooting at a congressional baseball practice, will recount the attack and their grueling recovery Sunday on CBS' “60 Minutes.”...
McCain calls brain cancer prognosis 'very poor' WASHINGTON — US Sen. John McCain says doctors have given them a “very poor prognosis” as they battle brain cancer. McCain underwent surgery in July for a brain tumor that...
McCain: Trump hasn't apologized for POW crack Arizona Sen. John McCain insists​ ​​his vote against a GOP plan ​to repeal​ ObamaCare ​is not payback for ​Donald Trump ​demeaning​ the former POW's heroism during the Vietnam War​​ when...
Oprah calls joining '60 Minutes' a 'great honor' Winfrey is set to make their debut as a “60 Minutes” correspondent on Sunday with a story about America's political divisions.
In fall 2015, Plant Services conducted an in-depth survey of manufacturing and industrial production professionals, asking readers for their thoughts on a comprehensive set of workforce-related topics. From that survey, a portrait emerged of an industry that was quietly dividing itself into haves and have-nots based on whether organizations were (1) embracing more proactive, data-driven approaches to maintenance and reliability, and (2) investing in their own human capital.
Fast-forward to the start of 2017, and results from our follow-up survey indicate that although these familiar patters persist, a new set of concerns on the part of both managers and front-line workers is emerging:
Where is next-generation talent hiding?
Do I have to look outside the company for my own next career opportunity?
Will my executives do the things they say they will do?
This article presents key trends and findings from the Plant Services 2017 Workforce survey, sketching out an updated portrait of the actions and attitudes shaping our industry's response to social, technological, and demographic change. Key questions from the initial survey were repeated in order to chart the extent to which attitudes and priorities might have changed over the past year, and an entirely new set of questions was added to pin down the types of training and certifications being extended to you and your peers.
In sum: If you're stressed about where to find new talent, and you already have an eye out for your next job, you're not alone.
Click here to read Part 1
Recruitment, retention, and training
There's no getting around it: The top finding of this year's survey it that industry is highly dissatisfied with the effectiveness of company recruiting programs. As Figure 5 shows, more than 65% of 2017 survey respondents were dissatisfied with recruitment efforts, with 20% saying these efforts were flat-out ineffective and only 2.7% saying these efforts were very effective.
Figure 6 adds nuance to these data, charting a series of more subtle shifts in priority and satisfaction across various aspects of workforce recruitment and retention. For example, “attracting young people” in particular remains the most pressing challenge identified in the survey, with 84.0% of respondents indicating it as a heightened concern. High majorities also consider “deskilling as a result of retirements (77.0%) and “attracting a diverse pool of candidates” (76.1%) as leading specific concerns.
On the other end of the scale, several responses in Figure 6 point toward the “tale of two cultures” first identified in our 2015 survey. For example, when it comes to workforce integration, plants seem to either consider it worth making a special effort to succeed or see it as not much of a priority or problem at their facility. The widest level of difference centered on “retaining female and ethnic minority employees,” where 49.4% of respondents considered it of importance and 50.6% thought it was either of low importance or was a nonfactor at their facility.
Findings on employee retention also stood out: The trend of industrial workers who are willing to job-hop is increasing. The good news is that, based on responses to a separate question, the share of respondents prepared to move on in less than a year declined over the past 12 months. However, there was a significant increase in the share of respondents willing to look for a new position within 1-5 years and a decline in the share of people who thought they would be with the same organization after more than 10 years.
At first glance, these data seem to match the observations of many generational researchers that Millennials often defer traditional life markers (i.e., marriage, parenthood, first house) to later in life than previous generations. However, Millennials composed only about 8% of 2017 survey respondents, indicating that the willingness to job-hop crosses into GenX and Boomers, at least among those who participated in our study.
When asked about the specific reasons why our respondents would leave their jobs, the most-cited reason was the somewhat vague “better opportunities elsewhere,” with a whopping 84.6% indicating this is a reason that would drive their departure (Figure 7). Few patterns emerge when examining the other responses in this question to identify more precise motivations. Respondents still ranked “pay/compensation” highly (80.9%); it was followed distantly by “new job in same field” (66.1%). Also, respondents appear not to be concerned with the possibility of being downsized for any reason and only slightly concerned with the potential for dismissal or termination.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The special counsel appointed to investigate Russian influence in the 2016 US presidential campaign is now examining whether Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice, according to a report.
Mark Corallo, a spokesperson for Mr Trump's personal lawyer, responded to the Washington Post's report, saying: "The FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal."
The Post report cites anonymous sources who were briefed on requests made by investigators.
It was not known whether the FBI was the source of the information.
Accusations of obstruction arose last month when President Trump fired FBI director James Comey.
Mr Comey told a Senate hearing last week that they believed they were sacked "because of the Russia investigation", being carried out by special counsel Robert Mueller.
Mr Comey also said they had told Mr Trump that they were not under investigation.
The Washington Post and The New York Times both said Mr Mueller was seeking interviews with three Trump administration officials who were not involved in their campaign - director of national intelligence Dan Coats, head of the National Security Agency Michael Rogers and Richard Ledgett, the NSA's former deputy director.
On Wednesday Mr Mueller met the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee in an effort to ensure their investigations did not conflict.
The committee leaders said in a statement that they "look forward to future engagements" with Mr Mueller.
Committee chairperson Richard Burr, and Senator Mark Warner of Virginia, the panel's top Democrat, did not provide any other details, but an aide familiar with the meeting said it was held to discuss the investigations, including ways that the parallel inquiries did not interfere with one another.
The meeting comes a day after politicians questioned Justice Department officials about the probe and Mr Mueller's independence, and after a friend of Mr Trump said the White House was considering firing Mr Mueller.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mr Mueller last month, testified on Tuesday that they had seen no evidence of good cause to sack him.
Meanwhile Senate Judiciary Committee chairperson Charles Grassley said their panel would investigate the removal of Mr Comey and "any alleged improper partisan interference in law enforcement investigations".
Mr Grassley announced the investigation in a letter to California senator Dianne Feinstein, the panel's top Democrat.
Mr Grassley's office said the letter was in response to a recent letter from Ms Feinstein requesting that the committee seeks details from senior FBI leadership about Mr Comey's interactions with Mr Trump before they were sacked.
The letter said the investigation would also probe Mr Comey's testimony that Loretta Lynch, as former president Barack Obama's attorney general, had directed them to describe an FBI probe into Hillary Clinton's email practices as merely a "matter" and to avoid calling it an investigation.
"You and I agree that the American people deserve a full accounting of attempts to meddle in both our democratic processes and the impartial administration of justice ... It is my view that fully investigating the facts, circumstances, and rationale for Mr Comey's removal will provide us the opportunity to do that on a cooperative, bipartisan basis," the letter said.
Ms Feinstein has said the Judiciary Committee should investigate, but had asked Mr Grassley to keep the investigations separate.
Mr Grassley said Mr Comey's dismissal and their testimony on Ms Lynch should be looked at together, noting that Mr Comey "took the opportunity in their testimony to clear their own name by denouncing as false the administration's claims that the FBI rank-and-file had lost confidence in Mr Comey's leadership in the wake of the Clinton email investigation".
Tropical Depression 8 is expected to pass several hundred miles east of Jacksonville early this week, which will mean scattered to numerous storms for the Ocala area, according to the National Weather Service.Locally, heavy rainfall is expected, while strong storms with gusty winds and excessive lightning will be possible. Daily highs are expected to range in low 90s.On Monday, with a 50 percent chance of precipitation, showers and thunderstorms are likely today. Otherwise, [...]
Few Battles Before Midterms, GOP Mindset
With few legislative battles left before midterms, the GOP's task is convincing people that the economy and the country are better off, @AnnaEdge4 reports #tictocnews (Source: Bloomberg)
A young Banbridge eventer has told how they and their horse were left badly shaken after an inconsiderate motorist sped past them blaring the horn, causing the terrified animal to bolt.
Adam Gibson was riding their horse, Rosshaven Last Flight, along Huntly Road at around 3.30pm on Saturday (August 12) when the incident happened.
Posting the details on Facebook and asking people to share, Adam claimed the driver was “doing the guts of 60mph and blaring their horn”.
They posted: “I sincerely hope you are happy with yourself. Not only did you nearly hit both the horse and myself, you scared my horse so badly that they took off down the Huntly Road in gallop for a good half mile as I couldn't stop them no matter how hard I tried. Not only could both myself and my horse have been seriously hurt, you put other drivers and pedestrians at risk.”
They continued: “Luckily I was eventually able to pull the horse up and had to get off and walk the rest of the way home. The horse has suffered a serve nosebleed due to the fright and I too have been badly shaken up!
“I really don't get why people can't have respect for horses on the roads as it's an absolute disgrace!”
They went on to appeal to motorists to “pass equines slowly and wide”, warning that horses can be “totally unpredictable”.
Speaking to the Banbridge Leader, the 19-year-old added: “I need to use Huntly Road to get to the quieter country lanes, but unfortunately this driver just had no consideration for my safety, my horse's safety or the safety of other drivers and pedestrians. This could have been a lot worse.
“It was terrifying. It's a very long time since I have been frightened to get on a horse, but this was very traumatic for me and for the horse.
“Huntly Road has always been quite bad for speeding cars, but never to this extent where someone has deliberately tried to scare a horse.”
Adam confirmed that the horse has been looked over by a vet and is “sound” and now enjoying a few days peace and quiet in the fields.
Please note that although the UK cinema release date schedule on Film Dates.co.uk is updated regularly, a release date can change at very short notice. Usually the closer a film is to its release date, the less likely its release date (and any other information) will change.
Film Dates.co.uk is also not responsible for the content of any external website. The links are provided "as is" with no warranty, express or implied, for the information provided within them.
Last update was at 20:38 17th April 2017
AirPlay 2 isn't here yet, but with iOS 11.2.5 and iTunes 12.7.3, Apple snuck in new remote control capabilities for tvOS and, presumably, the upcoming HomePod. You may even have stumbled across these new features and wondered what they were!
In the iOS Control Center, press the media platter to reveal playback controls. If you have a fourth-generation Apple TV or Apple TV 4K, you should see a new lozenge under the normal playback controls; those with more than one Apple TV will see a lozenge for each. (Sorry, this new feature doesn't work with second- and third-generation Apple TVs). We're guessing that the HomePod will get its own lozenge too.
The lozenges appear regardless of whether you're playing anything on the associated device; they'll just say Not Playing if nothing is playing. Otherwise, each lozenge displays information about the media that's playing, and tapping the lozenge reveals media controls for that device.
In iTunes on the Mac, click the AirPlay button, and you'll see a list of Apple TVs under the Switch To heading.
Click one to make it so that the iTunes media controls manage that Apple TV's playback instead.
To switch back on either platform, follow these instructions again but choose the device itself instead of an Apple TV.
That's it! This new feature isn't earth-shattering, but it is a convenience for Apple TV users. I'll discuss these and other new features in my upcoming update to “Take Control of Apple TV,” which I just submitted for editing.
April 26
Lake Improv Workshop
5:30-6:30 p.m.
Lake Villa District Library, 1001 E. Grand Ave., Lake Villa
Free
Teens (grades 7-12) can attend this fast-paced improv workshop, featuring members of the Lakes Theater Department. Participants will learn how to strengthen teamwork, confidence and spontaneity as they improvise with some Lakes' funniest performers. To register, and for more information, call 847-356-7711 or visit www.lvdl.org.
April 27
Amphibian Adventure
7:30 p.m.
Crabtree Nature Center, 3 Stover Road, Barrington Hills
Free
Take a wetland night hike to search for local amphibians and discover what adaptations make such creatures unique. For more information, call 847-381-6592 or visit www.fpdcc.com.
Expo '76
7:30 p.m.
210 Restaurant & Live Music Lounge, 210 Green Bay Road, Highwood
$10
Enjoy a performance by Expo ‘76, an acclaimed cover band featuring members of several established Chicago-area bands, including Poi Dog Pondering, The New Duncan Imperials and Mucca Pazza. The Jay Goeppner Band will open the show. Reserved seating is available in advance. For more information, call 847-433-0304 or visit www.210live.com.
April 28
Acoustic Folk Quartet
2-3 p.m.
Fox Lake District Library, 255 E. Grand Ave., Fox Lake
Free
Enjoy a performance by acoustic folk quartet Trillium, known for its eclectic blend of styles, including Celtic, bluegrass, ragtime, Dixieland and Gypsy jazz. For more information, call 847-587-0198 or visit www2.youseemore.com.
Family Drive-In Movie Night
4-6 p.m.
Lake Forest Recreation Center, 400 Hastings Road, Lake Forest
$8 (residents), $10 (non-residents)
Bring the family to enjoy a screening of the computer-animated adventure film, “Cars” (rated G). Supplies will be provided to make a cardboard car decorated with decals. Snacks and beverages will be provided. Registration is required. To sign up, and for more information, call 847-810-3940 or visit www.lfrec.com.
Wedding Banned
10 p.m.
Sideouts Sports Tavern, 4018 Roberts Road, Island Lake
$5
See high-energy, 1980s and ‘90s-style party rock cover band Wedding Banned perform in concert at this popular eatery and live music venue. For more information, call 847-526-7174 or visit www.sideouts.com.
April 29
Spoon River Anthology
2-3 p.m.
Ela Area Public Library, 275 Mohawk Trail, Lake Zurich
Free
Adults and seniors can enjoy a dramatic interpretation of “Spoon River Anthology,” author Edgar Lee Masters' collection of poems depicting life in an early 20th Century Illinois town. The program features actors Paddy and Jon Lynn, and folk singer Patti Ecker. To sign up, and for more information, call 847-438-3433 or visit www.eapl.org.
Lake County Folk Club: Behind the Song
7 p.m.
Grayslake Heritage Center & History Museum, 164 Hawley St., Grayslake
$18 (general audience), $15 (seniors), $13 (Lake County Folk Club members)
Enjoy this Lake County Folk Club concert, featuring Steve Gillette and Cindy Mangsen. The museum will be open before and after the show. For more information, call 847-543-1745 or visit www.villageofgrayslake.com.
May 1
Authors Out Loud: Loretta Nyhan
7-8:45 p.m.
Cook Park Library, 413 N. Milwaukee Ave., Libertyville
Free
In this program for adults, author Loretta Nyhan will discuss their latest book, “Digging In,” the story of a woman who finds that the key to overcoming tragedy might be in their own backyard. Copies of the book will be available for purchase from The Book Bin. Registration is required. To sign up, and for more information, call 847-362-2330 or visit www.cooklib.org.
May 3
Turtles of Lake County
5:30-7:30 p.m.
Dunn Museum, 1899 W. Winchester Road, Libertyville
Free
Meet turtles and other wetland critters, make your own turtle craft, and learn how to help local turtles through the Herp Mapper program in this Lake County Forest Preserves drop-in event. All ages are welcome. For more information, call 847-968-3400 or visit www.lcfpd.org.
–Lake County Calendar of Events April 25 – May 3–
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Kan. -- The police chief says new technology is going to make the streets safer for people in Wyandotte County.
Chief Terry Ziegler says a federal grant will put a lot of cameras watching over KCK's streets.
According to the Chief, $842,000 in federal money will outfit KCK police with body cameras and build a network of real-time street cameras at busy intersections.
"The citizens act better because they know they are being recorded and the officers act better," Ziegler said. "I think you have better interaction with the body cameras."
When combined with $300,000 the Unified Government is already spending for body cameras, police officers working on patrol, traffic, community policing and special operations all will be wearing body cameras while interacting with the public.
Supporters say body cameras put both police and citizens on their best behavior.
"With the climate in the nation right now the way it is, with the good and the bad if you will, I think it will add another layer of transparency," said Paul Soptick, president of Wyandotte Countians Against Crime. "It's going to be a level of protection for not only the citizens but the police department as a whole."
Police also are getting nearly $500,000 to establish a network of 25 street cameras to provide real-time video to officers of a particular location when a 911 call is received.
The goal is to eventually allow citizens to connect their home security cameras to the police network.
The chief says they expect the city to begin purchasing cameras next spring.
Hall served last season as a graduate assistant for the Phoenix, helping with practices and handling travel arrangements for the club.
The Murfreesboro native played two seasons at UT-Martin before transferring to Cumberland, earning NAIA third team All-America honors in both campaigns. The former Blackman High School standout averaged 15.3 points, three assists and 1.9 steals as a junior and posted 12.3 points, 3.5 rebounds, three assists and 1.7 steals as a senior.
Hall garnered first team All-Mid-South Conference and Academic All-Mid-South accolades in both years and was an NAIA Scholar-Athlete as a senior.
The Phoenix finished 16-13 and 18-12 in their two seasons as the point guard, reaching the NAIA Championships both years, including a 56-51 upset of fourth-ranked Bethel in 2016.
Hall earned All-District 7-AAA and all-district tournament honors as a junior and senior for coach Chad Hibdon at Blackman High and was named a top 50 senior in Tennessee by Rick Bolus' High School Potential Basketball Recruiting Service. The Blaze reached the TSSAA State Tournament their senior campaign, finishing the season 24-6 overall.
They spent two seasons at UT-Martin, reaching the NCAA Tournament in both seasons. They played in 26 games as a first-year student but just 13 as a sophomore, backing up All-America guards Heather Butler and Jasmine Newsome.
Hall earned their bachelor's in sports management at Cumberland and is currently working on their master's in business administration at CU.
Ahead of a key meeting with representatives of Britain's Jewish community on Tuesday, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn issued their strongest apology to date for the party's failure to adequately deal with antisemitism within its ranks.
"My party and I are sorry for the hurt and distress caused," Corbyn wrote in the London daily newspaper The Evening Standard, published only hours before their meeting with the Board of Deputies of British Jews and the Jewish Leadership Council.
Emphasizing recent efforts made to combat antisemitism among Labour members, Corbyn wrote: "In the past fortnight more than 20 individuals have been suspended from party membership, and more are being investigated."But we have not done enough to get to grips with the problem, and the Jewish community and our Jewish members deserve an apology," said the Labour leader.Earlier this month, Corbyn told Britain's leading Jewish community groups that they would welcome a meeting "without any preconditions" to discuss concerns about antisemitism in Labour and would "place no limitations on the points [the groups] would wish to raise."The Board of Deputies of British Jews comprises almost 300 representatives elected by synagogues and other Jewish organizations from across the United Kingdom and seeks to advocate for the interests of the Jewish community among British decision-makers.The Jewish Leadership Council serves as an umbrella organization, bringing together major Jewish organizations to ensure the continuity of the British Jewish community.The groups rejected an invitation to a "roundtable" meeting between Corbyn and other Jewish community groups scheduled for Wednesday, saying that it has "no agenda for action."It was rumored that community groups were also displeased by the invitation extended to the Jewish Voice for Labour group, which is perceived to have made light of community concerns over antisemitism in the party."After we have had our meeting with Mr. Corbyn on April 24, we will see whether they and the Labour Party have committed to the action we need against antisemitism," said the Board of Deputies and Jewish Leadership Council in a joint statement turning down their invitations.Labour confirmed on Monday that the meeting had been cancelled due to "the unavailability of the majority of those invited".The stakeholder manager of Corbyn's office, Laura Murray, apologized for the cancellation and vowed the Labour leadership's commitment "to engaging with the Jewish community.""We are aware that this may be more appropriately done through a series of smaller meetings," said Murray.Last week, British members of parliament from both sides of the Conservative-Labour political divide directed their anger at Corbyn in a highly-charged parliamentary debate on antisemitism - the first of its kind in the House of Commons.Much of the fiercest criticism regarding Corbyn's leadership came from their own party's benches, particularly from Labour's Jewish parliamentarians.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — West St. Paul officials are asking for the public's assistance in locating a 54-year-old vulnerable adult who went missing last Friday.
According to West St. Paul police, Timothy John Rolando — a vulnerable adult with mental health concerns — was last seen on April 20 in West St. Paul. They were wearing a black or charcoal gray-colored coat and jeans.
Rolando is described as a 6-foot-3 white male, 160 to 170 pounds and primarily bald.
Police say Rolando suffers from depression and anxiety, and it's believed they are not currently taking their prescribed medications.
Rolando's family says they last heard from them on Friday evening at around 10:30 p.m. when they were in the area of 2900 Rice Street in Little Canada.
Rolando is not known to use a motor vehicle and primarily utilizes public transportation.  They are not a danger to others.
Anyone with information regarding their whereabouts is asked to contact the Dakota County Communications Center at 651-322-2323 or the West St. Paul Police Department at 651-552-4200.
Life in the mountains, especially in the Tahoe Sierra, is an amazing life experience whether you're here for a week or a lifetime. The hues of Lake Tahoe change seemingly by the minute, the alpenglow is different across the evening sky every day, wildflowers are in a constant state of appearing and disappearing overnight, and the weather is always changing. It's also unpredictable.
Within the span of a week in early June, temperatures ranged from 75 degrees to freezing. The weather changed from glassy days on Big Blue to waves like those on the ocean and several inches of fresh powder in the mountains. Such is life in the mountains, which is why it's important to be prepared for any visit to Tahoe.
I've experienced summer days when it's 85 degrees at lake level and a fast-moving storm has brought freezing temperatures and snowfall to the higher elevations.
Carry layers, don't go out alone, tell someone your destination and your anticipated return time. Stay on the trails and wear appropriate footwear. If it's windy, don't paddleboard or kayak on any lake. Always wear a PFD (personal flotation device). When in doubt, ask a local outfitter, or for that matter any local. If locals aren't out on the lake, you shouldn't be either.
I've had to cross creeks and streams in the last few weeks hiking on familiar trails that I've never seen water on until this year. Be prepared to get wet if you're out hiking. Wear good boots and carry extra socks. It's fun to tromp through a mountain stream and get muddy. It's part of the wonder of Tahoe.
PHOENIX — Kristi Toliver scored 30 points, Tianna Hawkins had 13 points and a career-high 12 rebounds and the Washington Mystics beat the Phoenix Mercury 103-95 on Wednesday night.
Rookie Ariel Atkins added a season-best 21 points in their first start for Washington (5-1), which was without star Elena Delle Donne for a second straight game due to an illness. Toliver made 10 of 16 shots from the field, and the Mystics went 11 of 17 from 3-point range.
Toliver scored 15 points in the first half to help Washington build a 49-43 lead. The Mystics started the second half on a 6-0 run and led by at least 10 points throughout the fourth quarter.
Brittney Griner scored 27 points on 13-of-16 shooting and DeWanna Bonner added 25 points for Phoenix (2-3), which has lost three straight. Diana Taurasi picked up three fouls in the first half and finished with nine points.
Click here if you are having trouble viewing video on a mobile device.
SAN JOSE — Determined to win over undecided voters, both sides in the battle to recall Santa Clara County Judge Aaron Persky held impassioned rallies Wednesday to whip up support less than a week before the high-profile election.
Persky drew national notoriety for giving a six-month jail sentence to former Stanford swimmer Brock Turner for sexually assaulting a woman in early 2015 outside a campus frat party. But on Wednesday recall proponents expressed fresh outrage: They blasted the judge's biggest campaign contributor, lawyer James McManis, and called for Persky to disavow McManis' recent comments published by Vogue that downplayed the crime and criticized the victim.
Hours later, Persky appeared for the first time at a rally, joined by the biggest crowd the anti-recall campaign has drawn since the judge created a national uproar with their sentence of Turner in June 2016. Turner, who dropped out of Stanford, was released after three months under a state law intended to relieve jail overcrowding, save taxpayers' money and reduce mass incarceration. State law also requires them to register for the rest of their life as a sex offender.
Persky's rally drew about 60 people, including a phalanx of judges who stood behind the podium to support their colleague outside the county building on Hedding Street at lunchtime. Speakers included District Attorney Jeff Rosen, Public Defender Molly O'Neal and the judge himself.
At right Beth Siegelman, supporter of Judge Aaron Persky, tries to block a Recall supporter's sign at the No Recall campaign rally in front of the Santa Clara County Government Center in San Jose, California on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (LiPo Ching/Bay Area News Group)
At right, Norma Callender supports Judge Aaron Persky, left, at the No Recall campaign rally in front of the Santa Clara County Government Center in San Jose, California on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (LiPo Ching/Bay Area News Group)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Santa Clara County District Attorney Jeff Rosen speaks in support of Judge Aaron Persky at the No Recall campaign rally in front of the Santa Clara County Government Center in San Jose, California on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (LiPo Ching/Bay Area News Group)
Protestors and supporters of Judge Aaron Persky listen to Santa Clara County Public Defender Molly O'Neal speak at the No Recall campaign rally in front of the Santa Clara County Government Center in San Jose, California on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (LiPo Ching/Bay Area News Group)
Retired judge LaDoris Cordell sets up signs for the Judge Aaron Persky No Recall campaign rally in front of the Santa Clara County Government Center in San Jose, California on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (LiPo Ching/Bay Area News Group)
Santa Clara County Public Defender Molly O'Neal speaks at the No Recall campaign rally in support of Judge Aaron Persky in front of the Santa Clara County Government Center in San Jose, California on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (LiPo Ching/Bay Area News Group)
Lawyer Angela Storey speaks at the No Recall campaign rally in support of Judge Aaron Persky in front of the Santa Clara County Government Center in San Jose, California on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Storey is one of two candidates running on June 5 to replace Judge Aaron Persky if they are recalled. (LiPo Ching/Bay Area News Group)
Protestors and supporters of Judge Aaron Persky stand behind media at the No Recall campaign rally in front of the Santa Clara County Government Center in San Jose, California on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (LiPo Ching/Bay Area News Group)
udge Aaron Persky talks to the media at the No Recall campaign rally in front of the Santa Clara County Government Center in San Jose, California on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (LiPo Ching/Bay Area News Group)
Judge Aaron Persky listens to retired judge LaDoris Cordell speak at the No Recall campaign rally in front of the Santa Clara County Government Center in San Jose, California on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (LiPo Ching/Bay Area News Group)
Judge Aaron Persky arrives at the No Recall campaign rally in front of the Santa Clara County Government Center in San Jose, California on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (LiPo Ching/Bay Area News Group)
Persky noted that it took courage for their supporters to show up.
People “worry, what will people think?” Persky said, imploring voters to “take this seriously, look long and hard at the issue.”
Recall proponents have framed the issue as a referendum on “rape culture.”
But one of the recall's opponents with their own emotional story about surviving rape sees it differently. Lawyer Angela Storey, who is one of the candidates running on the June 5 ballot to replace Persky if they are recalled, revealed that they had been raped, in 1992.
At the No Recall rally, Storey said they were in their second month of their first-year student year at American University in Washington, D.C., when they were assaulted, prompting them to drop out and move back in with their parents in Sunnyvale. Eventually, they attended Foothill Community College and then transferred to UCLA.
“I understand the trauma,” Storey said. “I know it personally. But this recall does not address the hundreds of untested rape kits or the need for more advocates of survivors.”
Prosecutor and recall supporter Cindy Hendrickson is also running to replace Persky.
Public Defender Molly O'Neal took pains to point out that they opposed the recall even though they are a “feminist” and “mother.”
Recall opponents argue that removing Persky from office four years before their term ends is all but certain to pressure other judges into imposing harsher sentences based on public opinion, which would have a disproportionate effect on the many people of color in the criminal justice system. Rosen, whose office sought a six-year prison sentence in the Turner case, once again pointed out that independence from popular opinion is what has allowed judges to rule on civil rights, integrated schools, free speech, access to birth control and marriage equality.
The pro-recall rally was held Wednesday morning outside the offices of Persky's biggest donor, McManis. Speakers at the 50 West San Fernando St. event included Esther Peralez-Dieckmann, executive director of Next Door Solutions; and San Jose Vice Mayor Magdalena Carrasco. About 30 people attended, some with signs that said “Stop victim blaming,” and the “Right to Bare Arms! Tummy, legs, breasts with no fear of rape.”
The reason a woman is attacked is “not their clothing, their behavior or what they choose to ingest,” said Esther Peralez-Dieckmann, executive director of Next Door Solutions, which serves survivors of domestic violence. “The question is, why don't men stop perpetrating violence.”
Recall proponents are angry at McManis for statements they made in a taped interview with a Vogue reporter, disparaging the victim in the Turner case known as Emily Doe. The article quotes McManis as saying that Doe “was not attacked” and that they did not write their 12-page victim impact statement, which went viral two years ago after Turner's sentencing. It took the jury less than two days after listening to Turner testify to find them guilty.
Recall proponents have demanded that Persky disavow those comments and disassociate themselves from McManis.
Asked by this news organization Wednesday if they would do so, Persky wouldn't say. Instead, they said they have focused on the need for judicial independence, not on the facts of the case, which they are prohibited from discussing under state judicial canons while the case is on appeal. They also cited the First Amendment, indicating they could not control people's free speech.
However, the judge may benefit from the strategy, despite recall proponents' abhorrence, particularly with male voters, more of whom already support retaining the judge. According to a poll conducted for this news organization and the Silicon Valley Leadership Group earlier this month, 44 percent of men likely to vote oppose the recall, compared to only a quarter of women.
Two key factors are likely to help determine the outcome of the election — who turns out to vote and how the 21 percent of voters who are undecided cast their ballots. Those voters would have to break heavily against the recall for it to lose.
The poll found that nearly half of likely voters — 46 percent — support removing Persky from office, compared to 33 percent who oppose their ouster. One factor at play is that the pro-Persky campaign didn't get off the ground until recently, allowing recall proponents to gain the upper hand for nearly 18 months. The judge focused on trying to block the recall in court.
The pro-recall rally was repeatedly interrupted by recall opponent Steve White, who tried to block the podium from the view of TV cameras. San Jose police were summoned to the scene and got them to back off. Michele Dauber, the Stanford law professor leading the recall, said recall backers did not call police, as far as they know.
Captain Albert Borroto/Palm Beach County Fire Rescue(PALM BEACH, Fla.) — A horse that was trapped in a mud pit in southeastern Florida has been freed, thanks to some diligent firefighters.
Palm Beach County firefighters received a call early Monday morning about a horse stuck in the mud in The Acreage, Florida, an unincorporated area near West Palm Beach. When they first arrived on the scene, firefighters found the horse stuck in the mud up to its belly.
“Firefighters … started working on digging the horse from the mud using hand tools and keeping the scared horse calm during the rescue,” Captain Albert Borroto, public information officer with the Palm Beach County Fire Rescue, told ABC News.
According to firefighters, a local veterinarian sedated the horse in order to get it out safely.
Horse Cmd *update* straps are around horse, #firefighters preparing to start pulling horse from mud pic.twitter.com/LvX0p7glue — PBC Fire Rescue (@PBCFR) April 17, 2017
“Using training learned in equestrian rescue classes, the crews were able to get the rescue straps around the animal and prepare to pull it from the mud with a pulley system,” Borroto said.
Horse Cmd *update2* Vet on location has sedated horse, #firefighters pulling horse from mud pic.twitter.com/eKjWGDpYIx — PBC Fire Rescue (@PBCFR) April 17, 2017
It took about an hour to get the horse out.
“The 25-year-old horse named Skip was evaluated by the veterinarian and is doing well,” Borroto said.
Horse Cmd*update3* horse safely out of mud, sedation has worn off and they are being evaluated by veterinarian on location pic.twitter.com/YaVXz9ubNn — PBC Fire Rescue (@PBCFR) April 17, 2017
Authorities have not released how the horse became stuck in the mud or if it has been claimed by someone in the area.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Tom Sturridge exits '1984' on a stretcher “Sturridge collapsed over the weekend onstage during a torture scene. It was wild. They were dehydrated and taken out on a stretcher," spies told Page Six.
Olivia Wilde 'honored' J.Law puked at their play Jennifer Lawrence recently had to hurl in the middle of Olivia Wilde's new Broadway show "1984."
Masterchef has returned, with contestants vying for the win in the Masterchef kitchen once again. Season 9 of Masterchef kicks off with 43 home cooks competing to earn a spot in the top 24. The judges each will choose eight home cooks and mentor them throughout the competition. For the first two episodes, the 43 contestants will be getting narrowed down, followed by their first big challenge – to cook and plate one dish featuring an ingredient that is unique to each of their home states.
Masterchef broadcasts Wednesday nights, from 8 – 10 p.m. ET/PT and 7 – 9 p.m. CT, on the Fox network. Then, on Wednesday, June 13, 2018, it will change to 8 – 9 p.m. ET/PT and 7 – 8 p.m. CT. For those who do not have cable, there are still options for live streaming the show so that you can watch episodes online. If you don't have cable or can't get to a television, you can still watch the Fox network live on your computer, phone or streaming device by signing up for one of the following cable-free, live-TV streaming services:
Hulu With Live TV: In addition to a Netflix-like on-demand streaming library, Hulu also offers a bundle of live TV channels, including Fox (live in most markets). You can sign up for “Hulu with Live TV” right here, and you can then watch a live stream of the show on your computer via the Hulu website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the Hulu app.
FuboTV: Fox (live in most markets) is included in the “Fubo Premier” channel package. You can sign up for a free 7-day trial, and you can then watch the show live on your computer via the FuboTV website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the FuboTV app.
DirecTV Now: Fox (live in select markets) is included in all four channel packages. You can sign up for a free 7-day trial now matter what bundle you choose, and you can then watch the show live on your computer via the DirecTV Now website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the DirecTV Now app.
For the first time on the show, the competition won't just be among the contestants. The judges will be battling against each other, hoping for someone from each of their teams takes the final win. This season's contestants include a Bus Driver, Personal Grocery Shopper, Country Singer, Pilot, Model, Firefighter, Dishwasher and Optometrist, according to Fox.
Fox's official synopsis of the premiere and new season reads, “In the season premiere, the nation's best home cooks travel to Los Angeles to compete for a spot in the Top 24. That's when twist kicks in: the judges each will have eight aprons to hand out to the home cooks whom they deem worthy – and they will then mentor those contestants throughout the competition. However, as in all prior seasons, only one home cook will claim the MASTERCHEF title and the $250,000 grand prize … In the season premiere, the nation's best home cooks travel to Los Angeles to compete for a spot in the Top 24. That's when twist kicks in: the judges each will have eight aprons to hand out to the home cooks whom they deem worthy – and they will then mentor those contestants throughout the competition.”
Treasury prices continued a decline Friday, pushing yields higher amid a selloff fueled by data that showed a pickup in U.S. wage growth, suggesting tight labor markets may finally drive inflation higher and strengthen the Federal Reserve's intent to hike rates in December.
What are Treasury yields doing?
The 2-year Treasury yield TMUBMUSD02Y, +1.67% sensitive to expectations for monetary policy, surged higher to 1.511% on the day, the highest since October 2008. Friday's action was responsible for the entire week's gains.
The 10-year Treasury yield TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.38% was up 2 basis points to 2.370%, contributing to a five-day climb of 4 basis points. Meanwhile, the 30-year bond yield TMUBMUSD30Y, +0.01% rose a basis point to 2.907%, helping to bookend a 5 basis weeklong gain. Bond prices move in the opposite direction of yields.
What drove markets this week?
The jobs report offered a mixed bag for traders, but it showed the tightest labor market in 17 years was beginning to translate into higher wages. Higher salaries can stoke inflationary pressures, affirming the Fed's adherence to the Phillips Curve, an economic theory which says lower unemployment should bubble up as inflation.
Investors say bigger pay packets have clinched a further rate increase this year. Traders in the fed fund futures market are pricing in a 87% chance of a quarter-percentage point rate increase in Dec. 13, data from CME Group shows.
See: Traders focus on fatter paychecks, ignore payrolls drop in jobs report
Speculation over who will succeed Fed Chairwoman Janet Yellen, if they are not reappointed, has helped drive yields higher as investors feel other candidates would pursue a more aggressive path of monetary tightening. Higher interest rates can weigh on the value of government paper, but without higher inflation, long-dated Treasurys can prove resilient to the corrosive effects of tighter monetary policy.
Read: Fed wants to raise interest rates in December and September job losses won't stop it
What did market participants say?
“What the Fed will be really pleased about is that wage growth has been strong. It's pretty hard to see how the Fed won't hike in December now. The market is going to strongly welcome this and start pricing in at least two more rate increases next year in the hope that this wage growth feeds through to a pickup in inflation,” said Luke Hickmore, investment director at Aberdeen Standard Investments.
What data is on investors' radar?
The Bureau of Labor Statistics said the U.S. economy shed 33,000 jobs in September. Yet the positives appeared to outweigh the negatives, with wage growth finally picking-up at 0.5%. Economists surveyed by MarketWatch were forecasting an increase of 75,000 jobs.
The Commerce Department reported wholesale trade inventories for October rose 0.9%, notching their biggest increase in 9 months. Larger inventories can be a boon to economic growth, but could also reflect retailers' difficulties with off-loading their merchandise.
What did Fed speakers say?
An inquest has opened into the death of a prisoner who was serving a ten year sentence for launching a vicious stabbing attack on a grandmother.
Lee Greenall 40 was jailed after they repeatedly stabbed 68-year-old Angela Burks in the head outside their home on Grange Street, Alfreton in February 2016.
An inquest heard Greenall died at Lowdham Grange prison on November 20.
Assistant Coroner Mrs Heid Connor told the inquest at Nottingham on Tuesday (April 18) that a post mortem has been carried out and the results were being awaited.
The inquest was ajourned until October.
When Greenall was sentenced in April 2016, they were described as a desperate man who had stabbed the woman in the head 13 times with serrated steak knife while trying to steal their handbag.
They were handed a minimum 10-year sentence.
High on drink and drugs, the attack was so ferocious that the knife they used bent by 90 degrees, and they were even seen stamping on the victim. Mrs Burks was left with serious injuries including bleeding to the brain and a fractured eye socket.
There was so much blood that their own daughter hardly recognised them
Appearing in custody at Nottingham Crown Court today, Greenall, of Castle Drive, Somercotes, was told by Judge Stuart Rafferty QC: “Any of those injuries could have been fatal, it's a matter of fortune that they were not. “You intended to cause their serious harm. “Because of the ferocity of this attack, and the gratuitous use of violence, it falls towards the top of the sentencing guidelines.”
Outlining the case for the crown, Dawn Pritchard said that Mrs Burks had been returning home from Tesco in Alfreton at around 6pm on Friday, February 5.
They were just yards from their front door when Greenall stepped out and asked them to hand over their bag. After refusing, a struggle ensued and Mrs Burks later said they felt blows raining down on them They did not even know that they had been stabbed and eventually relented to let them have the bag, but they continued to attack them
They told police that they thought the ‘end had come', meaning they felt they were going to die. Greenall eventually fled. Mrs Burks was taken to hospital where they remained for three days. Them bag was found in a bin on the same street eight days after the attack. All that was missing was £50 in cash.
However, the knife was also eventually located, and still contained Mrs Burks' blood on the blade as well as Greenall's DNA on the handle. They were initially arrested on suspicion of attempted murder, which they denied but later admitted robbery, wounding with intent and possession of a bladed article.
In mitigation, Steve Gosnell said Greenall had been the sole carer for their grandmother who had died a year previously, which led them turning to drink and amphetamine. Mr Gosnell said Greenall had shown ‘true remorse' in a letter read out to the court, they said: “I'm thoroughly horrified what by what happened. “If someone did that to my grandma I would not have been able to cope. “There's no excuse for what I did, I totally deserve everything I get. “I lost all reality of life and started on drink and drugs. “It does not justify what happened, I'm truly sorry.” However, Grenall had a history of violence with numerous convictions including battery, ABH, threatening behaviour and possession of a knife.
As well as the minimum 10-year sentence, Greenall was told they must serve a further four years on licence.
USA Curling(NEW YORK) — At 6'4 and 250 lbs, Washington Redskins tight end, Vernon Davis, is not a typical curling player or fan.
Well, the word ‘fan' may actually be an understatement. In 2010, Davis was awarded the title of “honorary captain” of Team USA Curling and has attended every winter Olympics since. They say they plan to attend the 2018 Games in South Korea too.
“I love the sport of curling because it's just you and the stone and the broom,” Davis told ABC News and ESPN's Undefeated in a joint video interview. “You have to have a still mind, a calm mind. Just like anything else, like when it comes to football. The mindset has to be still.”
As the story goes, back in 2009, a football reporter covering the San Francisco 49'ers, for whom Davis was playing at the time, dared Davis to give the winter sport a try.
“I was like, ‘Curling? What is that?'” they said. “[The reporter] was like ‘Just come on out, you'll love it, you'll love it.' So I went out on the ice and I was probably on the ice for maybe an hour and a half, and I fell in love with it.”
A few months later, Team USA invited Davis to join them as their ceremonial captain to “give them encouragement and support,” Terry Davis, the director of communications for USA Curling told ABC News and ESPN's Undefeated. “Vernon also took part in media opportunities at both [2010 and 2014] Games to help curling gain more exposure.”
In addition to bringing general awareness to the sport, the African American two-time Pro Bowler said they also hope their role as honorary captain can help attract more African Americans to the pastime. “Right now, I feel like a lot of African Americans don't really know too much about the game of curling. But it can be different… and that can change through promoting,” they said.
“I'm an art studio major so I'm all about doing something different and just trying to see what else is out there, exploring, and just thinking outside the box and opening up my mind.”
This is a joint project between ABC News and ESPN's The Undefeated.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
You have knowledge and insights that can help journalists cover the news in greater depth and uncover stories they might not otherwise find.
#TinaCampbell speaks on why they voted for #DonaldTrump. What are your thoughts on their decision and their response to criticism. Details at praisecleveland.com Via: @therealdaytime A post shared by Praise Cleveland 94.5 FM (@praisecleveland) on Oct 5, 2017 at 10:36am PDT
Mary Mary's Tina Campbell attempted to clarify the reason they voted for Donald Trump during a visit to ‘The Real.'
Last week, Tina said they voted for Donald because their values aligned with their ‘Christian faith' — and she's sticking to it.
Speaking to the REAL ladies, they defended their right to vote for whoever they choose and said that while they voted for Donald, they don't agree with anything he's been doing to our country.
Watch below.
Today on #TheRealS4, Tina Campbell from Mary Mary sets the record straight on why they voted for Donald Trump. pic.twitter.com/8tmxyQNosl — The Real (@TheRealDaytime) October 5, 2017
An Arkansas judge will be barred from ruling on death penalty cases and could be disciplined after they attended two death penalty protests on Friday — the same day that they blocked a spate of executions scheduled by the state.
On Monday, the Arkansas Supreme Court reassigned all of the death penalty cases that Pulaski County Circuit Court Judge Wendell Griffen would have overseen — following reports and photos of them strapping themselves to a cot in front of the governor's mansion on Good Friday in a protest of the state's lethal injection policy.
"Judge Wendell Griffen is referred to the Judicial Discipline and Disability Commission to consider whether they have violated the Code of Judicial Conduct," the order states.
But it wasn't immediately clear how they could affect Griffen's Friday decision to place a temporary restraining order on one of the key drugs in the state's lethal injection protocol, although the plaintiff in the case had sought a dismissal.
Judge Wendell Griffen portrays a prisoner on a gurney during a protest against executions in front of the governor's mansion in Little Rock, Ark. on April 14, 2017. Mitchell McCoy / KARK
"This court instructs the Sixth Judicial District to submit a new administrative plan to this court for approval by close of business on Tuesday, April 18, 2017 that reflects the permanent reassignment of all cases referenced above, future cases involving this subject matter, and any other changes in case assignment to ensure all litigants in this district receive a fair and impartial tribunal,"
Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge filed a 17-page emergency petition on Saturday that challenged Griffen's order based upon their activism, noting their attendance at two anti-death penalty rallies.
"Within an hour of granting the [temporary restraining order], Judge Griffen was photographed at a second anti-death penalty rally — this one at the Governor's Mansion, where Judge Griffen lay strapped down on a cot to simulate the experience of a condemned prisoner on a gurney," the petition said.
They also noted a few entries on the judge's personal blog that discussed the case and showed their strong disapproval for capital punishment.
CASINO
Casino mogul Steve Wynn's sexual harassment settlement with a female Wynn Resorts staffer reportedly involved a paternity claim, according to Bloomberg sources.
On Friday, Bloomberg reported that the 2005 payment of $7.5m by Wynn to a former manicurist at Wynn Las Vegas involved a paternity claim by the woman. Sources claimed that Wynn made the payment because they didn't want the allegations to become a distraction to Wynn's ongoing expansion in Las Vegas and Macau.
Steve Wynn and Wynn Resorts have vehemently denied last week's bombshell Wall Street Journal report that detailed decades worth of sexual harassment allegations against the casino titan.
The reports led to a significant decline in the value of Wynn Resorts stock and have prompted regulators in Nevada, Macau and Massachusetts to launch investigations to determine Wynn's suitability to continue casino operations in their respective jurisdictions.
This week, the Massachusetts Gaming Commission held a hearing in which it was confirmed that Wynn Resorts had actively concealed the existence of the private settlement while the MGC was determining the company's suitability to build its $2.4b Wynn Boston Harbor casino.
Steve had already been forced to resign as finance chair of the Republic National Committee and this week saw universities in Iowa and Pennsylvania strike Wynn's name from buildings on their respective campuses.
On Friday, the Wall Street Journal published audio recordings of a speech Steve Wynn gave to Wynn Resorts staff, urging them to close ranks and to treat the company like a family. Steve didn't directly address the allegations, but did say “we live in a sound-bite world … where a partial truth or something that sounds sensational is on everybody's lips every day in a 24-hours news cycle.”
Steve also referenced President Donald Trump's own #MeToo moment after the Access Hollywood ‘grab ‘em by the pussy' recording surfaced during the 2016 election campaign. Trump reportedly told Wynn that “It was so scary. When those tapes came up, I almost died.” Chuckling, Steve told their Wynn audience: “I know the feeling.”
Comments
Follow @insidefutbol
West Ham United midfielder Pedro Obiang has heaped praise on new boss Manuel Pellegrini and hopes that the Chilean will be successful at the London Stadium.
Pellegrini has good memories of managing in the Premier League and led Manchester City to the Premier League title in the 2013/14 season.
Obiang said that they are well aware of Pellegrini's ability as they saw them when the Chilean was the manager of Villarreal. The midfielder also closely followed Pellegrini during their spells with Malaga and Real Madrid.
The 26-year-old believes that Pellegrini has done many good things in their career with different clubs and the whole team are hoping that they will be able to repeat their success in England with the Hammers too.
Obiang told the club's official website: “I remember them because they were the manager of the Villarreal of dreams with [Juan Roman] Riquelme and with Diego Forlan, who scored a lot of goals and they came to play in Atletico Madrid when I was there as a youngster.
“I have seen them there and also when they were in Malaga and Real Madrid, because everybody is looking at football in Spain when you are Spanish.
“I think they did many good things in their career and we are hoping they will do the same here.”
Pellegrini will be primarily aiming for improved results with the Hammers as they target European qualification for the club in the forthcoming campaign.
Here are the top 10 tips/tricks/cheats you need to know for Kingdom Hearts Union χ[Cross].
1. Check Your Medals' Special Attack Type
• Each medal has their own special unique attributes and special attacks. When creating your Keyblade deck, make sure to inspect each one to check whether it buffs your attacks, has single or area of effect damage, or can heal you.
2. Complete All the Tutorial Quests
• Sure, you play the mandatory tutorial before you can download the full version of the game, but did you know there is another series of quests you can complete under the “Events” quests unlocked after Quest 34? Complete each one to receive upgrade materials, special Medals, and titles.
3. Join a Party and Reap the Benefits
• Getting bored with solo play? You can always join a party within your union to get more Friend Medals, and get access to daily Lux boosts. Tailor to your playstyle when you join a Union as well. Want a better shot at #1 in the Weekly Solo Rankings? Joining a lower population may help you rank higher, but joining a higher population Union could give you better Friend Medals. Choose wisely and remember you can transfer Unions.
4. Finish Story Quests to Unlock More Content
• Story Quests do more than help you dive into the world of Kingdom Hearts. Completing Story Quest 34 unlocks both the “Events” quests multiplayer mode “Union Cross,” while completing Story Quest 130 will grant you access to the monthly ranking Coliseum.
5. Upgrade Your Nova Level by Boosting Special Attacks
• Want a special attack that doesn't cost a Medal to use? Your Nova is highly beneficial in quests, and you can rank it up by boosting the Special Attacks on your medals. Combine copies of 4-star or higher medals together to boost its special attack, and gain Nova levels each time you max a 6-star medal's special. You can rank it up quickly by boosting the medals you obtain during Story Quests.
6. Complete Special Quests for Keyblade Upgrades
• Keyblade materials can be acquired outside of Story Quests. If you check out the “Special” section of the Quests menu, you can find daily Keyblade material quests. Complete the objectives for avatar coins and different types of Mythril, and gather up tons of materials in each stage.
7. Unlock the Beginner's Luck Avatar Board
• Did you grab a high-level medal when you first started, but found that you couldn't equip it? Purchase the Beginner's Luck Avatar Board for 100 Jewels and you can unlock more Keyblade “cost,” which lets you equip better medals. You can also use the Cid medals from this Board to permanently lower the cost of any medal. Don't forget: all avatar boards carry helpful stat boosts for AP, HP and Keyblade cost.
8. Collect Jewels From Many Different Sources
• Jewels can be gathered from many different locations – daily login bonuses, Union Cross Boards, Event Quests and also from every five Story Quests completed. They can also be gained from social events on Twitter and Facebook.
9. Low on Lux? Farm it in Different Places
• Trying to reach Level 300? Aside from Story Quests, you can gather large amounts of Lux from Union Cross and Monthly Raids. If you're in a party, make sure to activate the Lux Boost from the Home Screen before going into a raid for the ultimate Lux farm.
10. Need a Challenge? Explore Proud Mode
• Proud Mode is the ultimate challenge in Kingdom Hearts Union χ. Each quest will have a different challenge, and Keyblade setups are more important than ever. Even older medals can shine in Proud Mode.
Check out more gaming coverage from Heavy.
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," they say. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example they and their colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, they note.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," they say. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," they add. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
Hillary Clinton ignorantly claimed that even more lives would have been lost at the Route 91 Harvest Festival if the shooter had placed silencers on the guns.
They posted on Twitter, “The crowd fled at the sound of gunshots. Imagine the deaths if the shooter had a silencer, which the NRA wants to make easier to get.”
The crowd fled at the sound of gunshots. Imagine the deaths if the shooter had a silencer, which the NRA wants to make easier to get. — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 2, 2017
Research shows that a suppressor, otherwise known as a silencer, would not have made a difference in the amount of lives lost during the Las Vegas massacre on Sunday night due to the distance of the shooter and the position of the weapons. Hillary Clinton, however, has provided no evidence to back up their statement.
According to Politifact.com:
The distance of the shooter was too far to have made a difference anyways, which is why Hillary's statement is incredibly false.
She's such an ignorant person.
Should Hillary Clinton just shut it and stick to what they know?
Ban Ki-moon has been proposed as the new chair of the International Olympic Committee's ethics commission by the organisation's executive board.
The 73-year-old former United Nations secretary-general will learn if they are to succeed Youssoupha Ndiaye, who is standing down, when the full membership vote at an IOC session in Lima, Peru, in September.
"The UN and IOC have had a close working relationship over many years with both organisations contributing to building a peaceful and better world," Ban said.
"In working closely under the principles of the IOC movement, I will do my best to enhance the accountability and transparency of the IOC."
Ban was the UN's eighth secretary-general, a role they filled from from 2007 to 2016, and among their successes was introducing a code of ethics to the organisation.
Three children died in East Tennessee and three in Middle Tennessee, the department said in an email. The pregnant woman died in Middle Tennessee. The department said it couldn't release additional details of the deaths.
The Health Department urges people who have not yet had a flu vaccination this season to get one as soon as possible. County health department clinics are providing flu shots at no charge to patients until vaccine supplies are depleted. Flu vaccines are also widely available from a number of other health care providers.
Weeks into the flu outbreak, hospitals still report high numbers of patients coming through their emergency departments.
But do you need to go to the emergency room for influenza?
Well, it depends.
“The flu and illnesses are sending many people to area ERs, even some folks who may not need an emergency visit,” said Knox County Mayor Tim Burchett, who teamed up with Knox County Health Department director Dr. Martha Buchanan for a public service announcement this week. “It's important, for the health and safety of our community, to save space in our hospitals and emergency departments for those who need it most. In many cases, a trip to your doctor or to a walk-in or urgent-care clinic is a better option.”
For starters, not all that is making you ill is flu. Statewide, about 18 percent of specimens sent to the Tennessee Department of Health for testing have been positive for flu. From this area, it's running between 8 percent and 9 percent. On Monday, 10 of the 45 specimens University of Tennessee Medical Center's emergency department tested were positive.
“It's important that we take influenza seriously, but we must save the ER for those who are most at risk of severe disease,” Buchanan said.
So who is that? The very young, people 65 and older, pregnant women and people with certain chronic medical conditions, including asthma, chronic lung disease, heart disease and diabetes.
Those people can still go to their doctors or a walk-in clinic, rather than the ER, unless they're having difficulty breathing or shortness of breath; pain or pressure in their chest and abdomen; sudden dizziness; confusion; severe or persistent vomiting; or flu-like symptoms that improve over time but then return with fever and worse cough.
For children, there's a longer list of reasons to visit the ER. Fast breathing or trouble breathing, bluish skin color, not drinking fluids, not waking up or interacting, being so irritable child does not want to be held, fever with rash, and flu-like symptoms that improve but return with fever and worse cough are all reason to take a child to the emergency room.
In addition, get immediate medical help for babies who aren't able to eat, are having trouble breathing, have no tears when crying, and have significantly fewer than normal wet diapers.
Normal flu symptoms can include fever – low-grade, for less than three days – cough, sore throat, runny or stuffy nose, body aches, headache, chills, fatigue and sometimes diarrhea and vomiting.
Buchanan said most people with flu don't need medical care or antiviral drugs; they just need to stay home, rest and avoid infecting others. If you absolutely must leave the house, try to wear a facemask, they said.
Stay home at least 24 hours after the fever is gone without the use of fever-reducing medications, like Tylenol or Advil. This means no work, school, church, travel, shopping or social events.
And wash your hands thoroughly, with soap and hot water. Not only can that slow the flu's spread if you have it – because you can be infectious before you even show symptoms – but handwashing also can help you avoid getting the flu.
Cardi B remembers their haters during acceptance speech The Bronx-born rapper won the best new artist prize at Sunday's iHeartRadio Awards.
iHeart pushes bankruptcy back one day for award show The creditors of iHeart are showing they have one when it comes to pushing America's biggest radio broadcaster into bankruptcy. They plan to put the company into bankruptcy Monday night,...
Why de Blasio wasn't allowed inside the Grammys It's good to be the mayor – but not good enough to get you into the Grammys. Mayor Bill de Blasio walked the red carpet before the star-studded event at...
How this guy turned a Grammys ticket into the ultimate VIP experience “I dropped away and I was just standing there taking in the workings of an award show . . . I saw the hair-and-makeup people going to dressing rooms."
The Oscars are fighting to survive The Oscars just couldn't take it anymore. For the past three years, Hollywood's biggest night has been plagued by constant controversy — from #OscarsSoWhite in 2016 to booting perv movie...
Powerhouse Sterling K. Brown is cleaning up this year's award season Sterling K. Brown is this year's awards show darling. The 41-year-old “This Is Us” star now has an Emmy, a Golden Globe, a Critics' Choice Award and a Screen Actors Guild...
Following up on earlier tweets indicating several new battery vehicles were under development, Tesla CEO Elon Musk tweeted that the company was planning to introduce a new semi-truck in September, with an electric pickup truck to follow in about 18 to 24 months.
The big truck was first hinted at last July, when Musk unveiled their "Master Plan, Part Deux." They had previously expressed interest in a pickup several years ago, about the same time Tesla began searching for a site for its Gigafactory battery plant.
"Tesla Semi truck unveil set for September," Musk said on Thursday, the tweet adding, "Team has done an amazing job. Seriously next level."
Tesla Semi truck unveil set for September. Team has done an amazing job. Seriously next level. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) April 13, 2017
Exactly how big the truck will be is unclear. A Tesla spokesperson confirmed there would be no additional information beyond what was in the Musk tweets.
But the Tesla Master Plan released in July 2016 noted that, "We believe the Tesla Semi will deliver a substantial reduction in the cost of cargo transport, while increasing safety and making it really fun to operate."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Tesla's 'Master Plan, Part Deux' Is Revealed 1:12 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Tesla isn't the only company looking at ways to electrify commercial vehicles. There are already hybrid buses in widespread use and some limited-application all-electric products. The big challenges, however, are range and charging time. In fact, those pose potential more seriously limits for trucks than for passenger vehicles.
Trucks: Literally the Next Big Thing
And Tesla isn't the only one looking at zero-emissions trucks. Salt Lake City-based start-up Nikola Motor Co. recently unveiled a hydrogen fuel-cell semi, and Toyota is working on a similar concept. Daimler AG, the parent of both Mercedes-Benz and Freightliner, showed off a prototype battery truck last November. But it would allow a maximum 124 miles per charge, limiting its use to local deliveries.
The man who led the Daimler effort, Jerome Huillen, left the German maker to join Tesla in 2012.
As for the pickup truck, another Musk tweet said it will be unveiled in 18 to 24 months.
Related: Will Trump Unplug the Electric Vehicle Market?
Tesla first began dropping hints about a pickup when it went looking for a Gigafactory site. Some observers, at the time, thought it was more publicity stunt than reality, as one of the finalists for the plant was the State of Texas, the country's largest pickup market. Ultimately, the battery plant went into a site in Reno, Nevada.
As with the semi, range and charging times could prove a challenge for a pickup. It is likely that Tesla will use a platform similar to what is underneath its current Models S and X passenger cars, a skateboard-style design with the battery pack in its floorboards.
However, Musk has expressed interest in the possibility of using swappable batteries, something that would eliminate the need for motorists to wait while the vehicle is recharged. That approach might make sense in a vehicle like a pickup, or even a semi.
More to Come
In a series of Thursday tweets, Musk confirmed the company's planned Roadster would be a convertible.
They also confirmed the final, production-ready version of the Tesla Model 3 sedan will be unveiled in July, about the same time it is set to go into production.
That compact, mainstream-priced sedan will be the critical lynchpin for Tesla, analysts have stressed, as it is expected to help boost Tesla production from around 100,000 in 2016 to 500,000 in 2018, Musk has promised.
Skeptics note that Tesla has yet to deliver a product on time, and the company has been faulted repeatedly for quality issues, especially with the Model X battery-SUV. So, getting the Model 3 to market on-time and without quality problems could be essential.
On the other hand, proponents look at the potential of the Model 3 as a primary justification for Tesla's latest run-up on the stock market, the maker gaining another $7.16, or 2.41 percent, on Thursday, to close at $304.00 a share. Earlier in the week, the company surpassed the market capitalization of General Motors, to become the most highly valued automaker in the U.S.
CEO Musk has hinted that still other products are in the pipeline, including a sport-utility vehicle based on the same platform as the Model 3. It will be known as the Model Y, something Musk recently admitted was part of a "bad joke." It will result in a line-up that runs Models S-3-X-Y. The original goal was to call the mainstream sedan the Model E, but Tesla couldn't get the rights for that from Ford.
ASCAP is moving down Broadway ASCAP is moving a few blocks down Broadway. The storied musical trade group — whose name is an acronym for the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers — is...
Judge tosses 'Bunny hoarder's bizarre $2 billion lawsuit The bonkers Brooklyn bunny hoarder won't be getting their beloved pets back anytime soon, a judge has ruled. Brooklyn Supreme Court Justice Kathy King said the NYPD and the ASPCA...
Sony threatens to leave licensers amid royalties battle The battle to increase royalties paid to songwriters by music-streaming companies like Pandora and Spotify got a little more heated on Thursday when the world's No. 1 music publisher threatened...
Bungie
Iron Banner returns in Destiny 2. I know you're as excited to play it as we are, but when can you play it and when does it end?
The Iron Banner event unlocks October 10 at 2 a.m. PT / 5 a.m. ET through October 17 at 2 a.m. PT / 5 a.m. ET., according to a blog post from Developer Bungie.
The new PvP event has two teams of four competing against each other in the Iron Banner playlist with Quickplay modes and matchmaking. Fighting abilities, not power levels, will decide the outcome of the match according to the blog post. Instead of going through Bounties and Ranks, you'll get an Iron Banner Engram containing new Iron Banner armor sets. Iron Banner Tokens are earned every match with more being earned if you win. You also have Daily and Season Milestones to earn.
In order to actually access the Iron Banner event, you need to complete the Destiny 2 campaign. The person you talk to in order to start the Iron Banner quest, Lord Saladin, is in the Tower which you unlock at the end of the campaign.
The Iron Banner event was a popular event back in the original Destiny. According to the official wiki, matches for the Iron Banner back then were affected by how much Light (that game's version of Power) the players had with higher Light weapons dealing more damage and higher Light armor taking more damage. I appear that Power will not affect players for Destiny 2. Also, in the first Destiny, the Iron Banner was lead by Lord Saladin before being replaced by Lady Efrideet with the Rise of Iron expansion. Under Lady Efrideet's watch, you completed bounties to earn reputation points to go up ranks, but those were replaced with the Iron Banner Engram for Destiny 2.
In other news, Bungie will hold a panel during TwitchCon on October 20 at 4:30 p.m. PT / 7:30 p.m. ET. During the panel, they'll talk about Destiny 2's upcoming Seasons.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Kan. -- Kansas lawmakers will soon debate a new proposal that includes a hefty hike to what you already pay in income taxes in an effort to balance the budget.
The bill in effect would repeal the tax cuts lawmakers enacted five years ago. But by restoring the top tax bracket, many Kansas residents would end up paying hundreds of dollars more each year in income taxes.
This proposal would affect any individual making more than $35,000 a year and any married couple making more than $70,000 a year. Someone with an annual salary of $35,000 would pay an extra $542 a year while a married couple bringing in $70,000 would pay an extra $1085 per year.
Besides raising personal income taxes, the proposal would also eliminate the tax exemption for more than 330,000 farmers and business owners.
If passed, the proposal is expected to raise around $1.2 billion in the next two years and allow lawmakers to balance the budget without cutting any more from state programs. It would also save schools from facing any additional cuts.
Governor Brownback, though, does not support this plan. They want lawmakers to instead raise sales taxes on tobacco and alcohol.
Debate on these proposals will begin Thursday, and Senate leaders are trying to secure enough votes to override any Governor veto.
The House is working on a similar tax plan that would also raise income taxes but not by quite as much as the Senate's plan.
Anything passed will not erase this year's $340-million deficit. Lawmakers are considering a one-time withdrawal from an investment fund to take care of that.
If you're a woman with a bit of life experience, you already know you're the boss.
You're more likely to drive health care decisions in your family, control household spending, care for millennials and elders, start a business and initiate a divorce. You have the longevity advantage over men.
In other words, you rule.
But does the world know it? Older women can sometimes feel like they're invisible to workplaces and businesses, but they're actually the trailblazers others should be watching, says Joseph F. Coughlin, director of the AgeLab at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and author of the new book, “The Longevity Economy: Unlocking the World's Fastest-Growing, Most Misunderstood Market.”
As people get older, the future is female, they argue, with women better prepared for life after middle age than their male peers.
“One of the greatest under-appreciated sources of innovation and new business may in fact be women over 50 with new ideas, lots of life ahead of them and with the verve to get it done,” Coughlin told TODAY.
They explained why older women will rule the world.
Why the future is female:
Coughlin: Women do more. They have more education than at any time in history. They're likely to live longer.
A woman is the researcher of the house. Women are far more likely to go online not just to do research for themselves, but be the go-to researcher for millennials, who identify their middle-aged mothers as their best friend.
 They are the caregiver-in-chief. Women are caring for more parents than they had ever planned — their parents as well as their in-laws. Getting to 100 is so common now that we see birthday cards in the drugstore for centenarians. There may be three or four generations under the care of one matriarch.
A woman is the chief consumer officer of the house. She's the one who knows what groceries are bought, what bills are being paid, how that house actually works. The majority of car purchases are directly influenced or done by women. If they're luxury cars, the numbers go up even more. Home improvement is directed by the woman. Probably most striking is that 80-90 cents on the dollar of every healthcare decision is made by a woman.
Because of all these factors, they are likely to be the person who is closest to understanding what the new jobs and the opportunities of living longer, better are going to be.
Older women are driving relationships:
Coughlin: The number one divorce rate in the country is among the 50-plus, mostly initiated by the woman.
When we talk to men about what they think retirement is going to be, it's almost celebratory: If they've saved their money, they see it as a time to play golf, take that trip, buy that new car. And they often talk about spending time with their wives.
I can't tell you how many women have told me, ‘I don't know who this man is on my couch but I wish they would just go and get a job. I have routines, I have things to do and he's always there and he's always asking me what to do next.'
I think men, particularly those of us over 50, need to up our game. We really have to take a lesson from women that life is more than work; that we need to develop new interests and keep that romance going.
The relationship began decades earlier based upon what you brought to the table and what you created together. Suddenly in older age, men get so caught into a routine — partly because of our employment and lifestyle — that they forget that they need to continue to be exciting and delighting.
Older women are changing the workplace:
Coughlin: The new women's movement is entrepreneurship.
When you're young, you're willing to join a large corporation and put up with the bureaucracy. You do not have the patience to put up with that later on. By the time you're 40, 50 or 60, chances are you've raised a family, managed a home, you've got an education, and you have already done your corporate gig.
What we're starting to see is that older women may be hitting a wall in many major corporations, and that is the corporations' loss. They are becoming engines of innovation in their own right by starting consulting companies, new stores and online sites.
As far as the ‘it' factor goes, this 10-year-old most definitely has it.
JD McCrary was at a Los Angeles Clippers NBA game over the weekend (Dec. 9) when they were called down to the court to play a round of “finish the lyrics.”
Related: Will Elton John and Beyoncé Update ‘Lion King' Classics for Remake?
Not only did McCrary know every note and word to the Jackson 5's version of Smokey Robinson's classic, “Who's Lovin' You,” but their vocals were incredible.
McCrary is set to star as Simba in the upcoming live-action version of The Lion King movie alongside stars like Beyoncé and Donald Glover. McCrary has worked with Glover before, appearing on the song “Terrified” from Childish Gambino's Grammy nominated album, Awaken My Love.
Seeing the young star in action gives us high hopes for the new Lion King.
Duke basketball coach Mike Krzyzewski couldn't offer any explanation for why the No. 5 Blue Devils played so poorly in their 81-77 loss to St. John's on Saturday at Madison Square Garden.
The unranked Red Storm was riding an 11-game losing streak and came back from a seven-point halftime deficit to go up on Duke by as many as 11 points in the second half before holding on for the win. St. John's is currently 10th in the Big East, while Duke is second in the ACC.
The Blue Devils — who briefly had the lead with less than two minutes left — shot slightly better from the field (47.1 percent over 46.2 percent), but St. John's had them beat behind the arc.
After the game, Krzyzewski didn't know how to explain what just happened.
“I do not know why. I can tell you that that's not the group that I've coached all year. They were a very frustrating group to coach today because they didn't respond to anything, until the last eight minutes. And that's unacceptable. That is unacceptable. You have to respond while it's going on — at halftime, at a timeout. You have got to respond, and when you don't, you're into your own stuff, for whatever reason that is. Maybe you're not ready, you're sick, you're whatever. You've gotta give it up. We didn't give it up. “And the team that was deserving of winning, and it made the loss — because we came back — all the more frustrating. But the basketball gods understand, in most cases, who should win, so losing when you had a chance to win after not playing well, we got what we deserved. We got what we deserved.”
When asked if there were any positives Duke could take away from the game, Krzyzewski said the team just needs to move on.
“Sometimes you have to look horrible to get better,” they said.
Read more over at USA TODAY Sports.
The Tel Aviv-Jaffa Municipality has joined the international “90-90-90 Project” to fight HIV infection in the city. The project was joined by Mayor Ron Huldai when they signed the Paris Declaration. It aims to identify 90% of AIDS virus carriers; get 90% of those screened patients to take the drug cocktail that turns HIV from a fatal disease into merely a chronic one; and ensure that 90% of those treated carriers reach a point at which the virus is undetectable in their blood.
The mayor gave their signature to the project last Thursday in the presence of the president of the World Association of AIDS Physicians, along with representatives from the Israel Aids Task Force, the Society for AIDS Medicine, the LGBT Society and the AIDS Center at Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center.
Tel Aviv thus joins 26 other cities around the world, including Amsterdam, Paris, San Francisco, Rio de Janeiro, Buenos Aires and Johannesburg, involved in the effort. The project focuses on large cities, with the understanding that without the mobilization of the world's largest urban centers (alongside governments, research and medical bodies, and civil society organizations), the struggle to eradicate AIDS will not be complete.The project, launched in 2014 at the initiative of the World AIDS Organization, was also adopted by the UN AIDS Task Force. The project organizers intend to implement the vision of 90-90-90 by 2030. Of the total number of people in the world who have been diagnosed as positive for HIV, 90% do not currently receive medication.The municipality has been working for many years to eradicate AIDS among its (mostly foreign) residents by supporting and participating in the campaign, allocating sites that serve as testing centers, and assisting significantly in holding an event that takes place during Gay Pride Week.About 64% of the Israeli population has never been tested for HIV. The partners involved in promoting the program in Israel will join forces with the municipality to establish a think tank for promoting HIV treatment and reducing stigma attached to the disease.Dr. Yuval Livnat, director-general of the Israel AIDS Task Force, said their organization was pleased that the municipality had joined the effort. “Through the connection of civil society to national and local authorities, we will be able to eradicate HIV/AIDS and reach the goal of 90-90-90. The Tel Aviv-Jaffa Municipality has already demonstrated its commitment to eradicate AIDS by assisting two AIDS testing centers in the city.”Yaniv Weizman, a member of the Tel Aviv-Jaffa City Council and holder of the gay pride portfolio, emphasized that the struggle to eradicate HIV crosses geographical and gender boundaries. The goal, they said, was to make the city a “beacon of liberalism and a safe haven for every human being.”
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: kasapafmonline.com
2017-10-06
President Akufo-Addo, Dr. Bawumia & Matthew Opoku Prempeh
The Progressive Teachers Association of Ghana has condemned the absence of President Nana Akufo Addo, their Vice, Dr Mahamadu Bawumia and Minister of Education, Dr Matthew Opoku Prempeh at the celebration of Teachers Day and Award Ceremony held at Koforidua.
According to the group, it expected at least the President, the Vice President or the Minister of Education to be present at this all important ceremony like the World Teachers Day where the best Ghanaian teachers were assembled from the ten regions of Ghana to be honoured.
In a statement signed by its National President, Obeng Agyenim Boateng, the Association said it was dismayed that, neither the president nor the Vice President or the Minister of Education was present to grace the ceremony.
“This is act of disrespect to the Ghanaian teacher and must be condemned by all and sundry. Though the reasons for the absence of these important personalities has not been communicated, one would not be wrong by attributing it to the failure of the Government in honouring its campaign promises to teachers.
“The incremental credit/jump for September has not been effected, also newly trained teachers who completed their studies and training in the various colleges of Education this year have been in the house for the past 8 weeks awaiting posting. Previously, graduates from the Colleges of Education were posted even before the basic schools resumed for the first term.
“The Government promised to restore allowance of teacher trainees in full in its 100 days in power. Today marks exactly 272 days since this government was inaugurated and not a single teacher trainee has been paid the said allowances in full.
Even with what we have heard, after deductions, the teacher trainee is given Ghc204 as allowances and this is paid for only 8 months unlike the previous allowances which amounted to Ghc460.00 and was paid for twelve months.
This is certainly not allowances restored in full.”
The teachers association further called on government to render an unqualified apology to the Ghanaian teachers for ignoring them and also to the teacher trainees for delaying their postings them.
A Templepatrick man has been recognised at the Northern Ireland Dementia Friendly Awards.
Mark Bingham, the man behind the annual musical concert Rock for Alzheimer's at Belfast Empire, took the award for Individual Fundraiser of the Year at the Awards held recently at the Europa Hotel.
The award recognises the achievements of fundraisers who have shown creativity, dedication to the cause and inspired others to unite against dementia whilst raising money for Alzheimer's Society.
The annual fundraising rock event at the Belfast Empire, now in its fifth year, is a collaborative effort between the three rock bands that put on the show - bands who have collectively over the past five years raised over £26,000.
Mark Bingham lost both of their parents to Alzheimer's disease.
In 2013, they signed up for the Kilimanjaro trek in support of the Alzheimer's society. As part of the fundraising effort Mark conceived the idea of a rock concert at a venue their band (Arms of Venus De Milo) played regularly.
Mark said: “It's quite a humbling, but nonetheless uplifting experience to play to the Rock for Alzheimer's crowd, it's a time for everyone to both reflect and let off some steam, while raising valuable funds to support the charity's valuable work.”
On winning their award as individual fundraiser of the year, Mark said: “It's an honour and quite humbling when you hear some of the other contributions other finalists have put in. It's important to highlight Rock for Alzheimer's is a real team effort. We have volunteers from Alzheimer's Society itself, the three bands and the loyal fans who come and support it every year. And of course, not forgetting the Empire who provides the venue for us.”
Bernadine McCrory, Country Director (Northern Ireland) for Alzheimer's Society, said: “It is amazing that Mark has won the individual fundraiser of the year award and it is a testament to their tremendous dementia friendly work. The level of nominations received this year was truly phenomenal and there were some exceptional stories heard at the awards ceremony. All the finalists and winners at the Dementia Friendly Awards have demonstrated how we can unite against dementia and support those affected by the condition.”
This year there were 12 awards across 10 categories, with awards for Dementia Friendly Organisation, Community, Partnership, Dementia Friends Champion, Innovation, Young person's contribution and Inspiring Individual, as well as brand-new categories to celebrate individual and group fundraiser of the year, and journalist of the year.
WASHINGTON, D.C. – The federal government has unveiled new safety standards for baby sling carriers after 17 deaths and 67 injuries were reported from January 2003 to September 2016.
The Consumer Product Safety Commission announced any carriers manufactured after Jan. 30 must include statements about suffocation hazards, language about the hazards of children falling out of slings, and a reminder to check hardware to ensure no parts are broken.
The warning labels must come with instructions and illustrated diagrams showing the proper position for a child in a sling.
The mandatory federal standard also requires sling carriers to:
• Be able to carry up to three times the manufacturer's maximum recommended weight,
• Be more durable to avoid seam separations, fabric tears, breakage, etc., and
• Be able to keep the child being carried from falling out of the sling during normal use.
Parents and caregivers reported 159 incidents to the Consumer Product Safety Commission between 2003 and 2016, including 17 deaths and 67 injuries related to falls and suffocation.
To report a dangerous product or a product-related injury go online to www.SaferProducts.gov or call CPSC's Hotline at 800-638-2772 or teletypewriter at 301-595-7054 for the hearing impaired.
HelloBeautiful.com's “Base Level” column features the hottest new artists we're buzzing about. Before they make it to the summit of superstardom, we spot them at base level–the beginning of their hopeful journey to the top.
Name: Tosh Alexander
Hometown: Kingston, JA
Musical Influences: Lauryn Hill, Aaliyah, Mariah Carey, Brandy, TLC, Whitney Houston, Diana King
Biggest Break Thus Far: Twerk It by Busta Rhymes feat. Nikki Minaj and myself produced by Pharrell; also signing to BruckOut/PolydorUK Record Label
How Do You Describe Your Sound? It's eclectic —- a mix up of my Jamaican roots and pop culture. My music varies from emotion filled to dancehall vibes.
If you were the offspring of any entertainer (dead or alive) who would be your parents? Missy Elliott and Bob Marley
What do you want fans to walk away with when they hear your music? I want them to feel connected; If my music helps them to escape or relate for that moment, I would have done my job.
What's next? I'm ready for whatever is waiting for me I'm focused on getting my music out there, giving my fans the best of me and making Tosh a household name.
RELATED STORIES:
BASE LEVEL: K Goddess Has Big Dreams For Big Bank Rolls
BASE LEVEL: Jamaican Artist Spice Finds International Success On ‘LHHATL'
BASE LEVEL: The Shine Behind Porcelan's Music
BASE LEVEL: Tosh Alexander's Music Is An Eclectic Mix Of Them Jamaican Roots And Pop Culture was originally published on hellobeautiful.com
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
SARASOTA COUNTY, Fla. (WFLA) — Students in Sarasota are heading back to the classroom on Monday. As the 2017-2018 school year kicks off it is not only the first day of school for students. It is also the first, first day of school for the superintendent
“I started back in March, so I've got my feet wet a little bit, but it is my first, first day of school. So I will be like those kindergarten kids, I will be a little nervous,” Todd Bowden, Sarasota Superintendent.
Sarasota County Public Schools is one of only two districts in the state to have an “A” rating every year the Department of Education has been keeping track.
8 on Your Side was about to obtain the break down for the district.
In Sarasota, 42 schools maintained an A or B rating.
Alta Vista Elementary School, a Title 1 school, rose from a C to an A as did Sky Academy, a charter school.
Sarasota County had seven C-rated schools, one D-rated school and no F-rated schools.
Ten Sarasota schools increased their rating from a B to an A school or a C to a B.
Two Sarasota schools decreased from an A to a B rating, two decreased from a B to a C and one decreased from a C to a D.
See how all the schools in the district performed according to the historical data from 1999-2017.
Also, this year Sarasota County has five new principals. Superintedent Bowden says this will help the district grow even more.
“It is always great to get outside eyes, even in a high-performing school you ca fall into certain routines. You sort of know what works, but sometimes you don't examine all of your practices. I've never seen an organization that you can't fine tune, so hopefully with a new set of eyes they will see new opportunities to serve kids,” said Bowdent.
Also now for parents, there will be in app that can help you track everything from your child's lunch balance, schedule and their attendance.
Here's how to get the app
Be sure to watch WFLA News Channel 8 from 4:30 to 7 a.m. during the month of August. Every morning, we'll bring you a special back-to-school story to help you and your family prepare for the school year.
Disclaimer
UNCUT Magazine does not store any files. Everything posted on this site is for promotional use only. Files downloaded should be kept for no longer then 24 hours and then deleted. Please support the artists and buy their music. All music and videos are copyrights to the original owners.
Rosignol, New Amsterdam Stellings to be rehabilitated
-Construction of roads in Region Ten imminent
During the opening of tenders at the National Procurement and Tender Administration Board (NPTAB), contractors vied for the contract to rehabilitate the Rosignol Stelling in Berbice. The procuring entity is the Transport and Harbours Department of the Ministry of Public Infrastructure. The engineer's estimate was announced at $5.5M.
Bidders contended for the contract to rehabilitate the New Amsterdam Stelling, Berbice. The engineer's estimate was announced at $ 6.2M.
Bids were also submitted for the acquisition and installation of a propulsion system. The TH&D is also the procuring entity. Brenco Shipping &Trading Company Limited was the sole bidder. The announced bid price was $291.4M.
Tenders were open for the supply, delivery and installation of security equipment for the Guyana Energy Agency (GEA). Massy Technology Guyana Limited was the sole bidder for this project with a bid price of $1.6M.
Tenders were also open for the contract, “Procurement of slide scanner sonar”. The procuring entity was listed as the Maritime Administration Department (MARAD).
Tenders were open for the supply, delivery and testing of computers and accessories. The Ministry of Education is the procuring entity.
Tenders were also open for the procurement of goods for the Guyana Elections Commission (GECOM). This contract was divided into four Lots: Lot One, drugs and supplies; Lot Two, office supplies; Lot Three, field supplies; and Lot Four, janitorial supplies.
Contractors also vied for GECOM contract, “Provision of security for 2017”.
Multimillion-dollar bids were submitted for the procurement of medical supplies for the Georgetown Public Hospital Corporation (GPHC) for 2018.
Also, bids were submitted for the procurement of pharmaceuticals for 2018.
Finally, tenders were open for the construction of urban roads in Region 10 (Upper Demerara/Upper Berbice). This contract was divided into Lots: Lot Five, the rehabilitation of the Teachers' Hostel Road in Mackenzie; and Lot Six, the rehabilitation of One Mile to Canvas City to One Mile Road, Wismar. The engineer's estimate for Lot Five is $22.3M and $27.1 M for Lot Six.
“The public has been given kind of half a loaf,” said R. Stephen Stigall, a federal prosecutor in the Justice Department's national security unit from 2002 to 2017. “You don't know what else was in those warrants.”
But the memo does not explain what other information about Page the FBI included in its application for the warrant.
The memo says the FBI persuaded a federal judge to approve electronic surveillance of Page on Oct. 21, 2016, three months after Page traveled to Moscow while they were a volunteer for the Trump campaign.
FISA permits the government to monitor suspected foreign intelligence agents. FISA proceedings are classified, and the Republican memo was classified until President Trump declassified it over the FBI's objections.
“The fact the the FISA warrant was renewed three times suggests to me that the FBI was getting foreign intelligence out of this warrant, as it suspected it would,” said Robert Litt, a former general counsel for the director of national intelligence and now an attorney for Morrison & Foerster law firm.
Warrants granted under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA), such as the one approved for Page, are valid for only 90 days and can be renewed only if a judge is convinced the warrant has yielded valuable intelligence.
The memo also reveals that a federal judge renewed a surveillance warrant on another Trump campaign adviser, Carter Page, three times after the initial approval in October 2016.
The memo clarifies that the FBI investigation into the 2016 election was triggered not by a controversial dossier financed by Democrats, but by information about George Papadopoulos, a Trump campaign adviser who met with Russians in early 2016 and is now cooperating with special counsel Robert Mueller.
The Republican memo released Friday about the federal investigation of President Donald Trump makes two points that some legal experts say support the integrity of the investigation and undermine Republican attempts to discredit the FBI.
“The memo seems to be sort of self-defeating in acknowledging how much other material was involved in triggering this investigation.”
House Republicans said the memo shows the FBI abused its authority by relying on the so-called dossier about Trump and Russia to monitor Page, and not telling the FISA court that the dossier was funded by Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee. The memo says the dossier “formed a critical part of the Carter Page FISA application” and that “material and relevant information was omitted” from the FBI's application to monitor Page.
A Democratic memorandum that may be released disputes that, according to a person familiar with that memo. The Democratic memo says the FBI, in its warrant application, informed the FISA court that the dossier came from a politically motivated source, though it did not say that the Democratic National Committee had funded the research.
The dossier was written by former British spy Christopher Steele, who had been hired by Fusion GPS, a Washington, DC, research firm that Democrats commissioned in 2016 to investigate Trump's business dealings in Russia.
Page, an unpaid foreign policy adviser to the Trump campaign from March 2016 to September 2016, went to Moscow in July 2016 and gave a speech critical of US policy toward Russia. Page acknowledged in November 2017 testimony to the House Intelligence Committee that, while in Moscow, they also met with Russian officials, including the deputy prime minister.
The memo makes no mention of other information about Page that the FBI might have included. Page had been interviewed by the FBI in 2013 in connection with an investigation into a Russian diplomat who was later charged with espionage.
“Carter Page may not be a pivotal player,” said former federal prosecutor Renato Mariotti, who is a Democratic candidate for attorney general in Illinois. “You're left wondering, why did this guy have any significant role in the presidential campaign? It's hard to understand.”
The memo is clear, however, that information about Papadopoulos “triggered the opening of an FBI counterintelligence investigation in July 2016.” Papadopoulos has pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about their contacts with a mysterious professor who'd told them the Russians had “dirt” on Hillary Clinton. Papadopoulos is cooperating with special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation.
Papadopoulos's role in sparking the investigation also “underscores how much stuff the FBI was working with,” said Stephen Vladeck, a University of Texas law professor.
“The memo seems to be sort of self-defeating in acknowledging how much other material was involved in triggering this investigation,” Vladeck said. “That concession is stunning to me.”
Other aspects of the memo are sure to be disputed. The memo says, for example, that FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe told the House Intelligence Committee that “no surveillance warrant would have been sought” without the dossier.
But Rep. Eric Swalwell, a Democratic member of the committee, said that is a mischaracterization of McCabe's testimony. "They've seriously mischaracterized their testimony. If that's what they said, they would have quoted directly from the transcript of their testimony, that they possess," they said.
Litt, the former national intelligence counsel, said that they suspect the statement attributed to McCabe is “a paraphrase and out of context.”
“I suspect what Andrew McCabe said was not that the Steele dossier was critical to giving probable cause [against Page], but that when the FBI got the information from Steele, who is trusted and respected, it increased the FBI's interest in moving forward,” Litt told BuzzFeed News.
McCabe left the FBI this week under criticism from Trump and possible scrutiny for their role in investigating Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server while they were secretary of state.
Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the intelligence committee, also disputed the memo's assertion about McCabe. “The investigation would have begun and continued even if Christopher Steele hadn't come along,” Schiff said.
The possibility that the Steele dossier was biased because it was funded by Democrats would not automatically disqualify it, said Stigall, the former federal prosecutor.
“Most federal judges, when they review things, they understand fundamentally that most witnesses and informants have some type of bias anyway,” said Stigall, now a lawyer at Ballard Spahr. “People come to law enforcement with some type of baggage. Everybody has it.”
Steele took their findings to the FBI in mid-2016 while they were still working for Fusion GPS, the research firm that Democrats paid to investigate Trump's business dealings in Russia.
Stigall said concerns about Steele's funding source would have been offset by their background working for the British intelligence agency as a Russia expert. “You don't get to be an MI6 officer unless you're fully vetted and found to be credible,” Stigall said.
Still, opponents of the Trump-Russia probe saw the memo as damning.
“It's a pretty devastating blow to the Justice Department, the FBI and the Mueller investigation,” said Tom Fitton, president of Judicial Watch, a conservative legal group that frequently sues the federal government for records. “We learned there is no Russia-collusion story without the dossier, and if there is no Russia-collusion story, there should have been no special counsel.”
Emma Loop contributed additional reporting to this story.
3:22
They told their friend to put their hands on the steering wheel. Then a gun fired.
Photo: Mark Seliger
By Scott T. Sterling
Shery Crow has shared a new song, “The Dreaming Kind,” a tribute to victims of the Sandy Hook school shooting.
Related: Sheryl Crow Releases ‘Halfway There' Music Video
“The tragedy in Newtown 5 years ago and the countless lives lost in mass shootings since have weighed heavily on my heart,” Crow said of the song. “I felt compelled to write ‘The Dreaming Kind' for the incredible people at Sandy Hook Promise who work so hard every day to combat gun violence. The extraordinary work this organization does to educate and protect our nation from further bloodshed gives me hope for a better tomorrow. I hope this song will inspire the same feeling in those who hear it.
“Sandy Hook Promise is a national nonprofit organization founded and led by several families whose loved ones were killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14, 2012. In just 3 years, Sandy Hook Promise has trained over 2.5 million youth and adults across all 50 states with its evidenced-based Know The Signs gun violence prevention programs. The four programs – which include Start With Hello, Say Something, Signs of Suicide and Safety Assessment & Intervention – are offered free to schools and youth organizations across the country. These programs have helped stop multiple school shootings, suicides and other acts of violence, as well as reduced incidences of bullying and helped many young people get the mental health services they need.
“Every $1 you donate helps Sandy Hook Promise train one student or adult how to Know The Signs of individuals at-risk of hurting themselves or others and take action to get help. By training two-generations of Americans, we are creating a culture engaged in preventing gun violence, resulting in saving more lives and keeping our schools and communities safe, nationwide. Thank you so much for your support.”
Crow performed the song on Good Morning America today (Dec. 11), sharing the stage with their 12-year-old niece, Ava Crow, 12, who also appears on the studio version of the track.
“She's still very innocent and very wide-eyed. Them voice is pure and very touching,” Crow told People. “She came over, they sang it four times and it was perfect.”
Watch the music video for Crow's new track below.
We've been refusing to believe that CDs were really being phased out. It's fine, they would never actually stop selling CDs…. Right??
Wrong. With the popularity of online downloads and streaming services has come an increasingly grim future for physical CDs. As of Sunday (July 1), Best Buy has completely stopped selling CDs nationwide.
First Blockbuster, then Radioshack and now Toys R Us, & plus Best Buy won't be selling CDs anymore after today... My childhood-- — -- (@_theeSweetest) June 30, 2018
Target is also planning on cutting back on CD sales as their profitability continues to decline. Although the decision makes perfect sense and was predicted long ago, this end of an era is still a little bit sad.
On the other hand, vinyl sales are at a 27-year-high and are continuing to increase. Classic albums such as The Beatles' Sgt. Pepper are being reintroduced on vinyl and artists are selling limited edition variants to capitalize on the trend. Hipsters- can we band together to make CDs trendy and vintage in 10 years too?
You peruse the batting order, one-through-nine, and even on a night such as Wednesday, when Brett Gardner and Greg Bird both sat strategically against Houston lefty Dallas Keuchel, the Yankees are made to outlast a pitching staff.
The concern, though, as the team continues its chase of the Red Sox and a division title that would thus avoid a wild-card knockout scenario, is that this offensive machine too often has to outlast — and outscore — its own pitching staff, particularly the starting rotation that has curled into a conglomerate unworthy of the trust connoted by its components.
But there was no such concern in The Bronx for this one in which Luis Severino responded to the challenge of facing the defending world champions as the ace they have become. It was a no-muss, little-fuss 5-3 victory on a night where Severino's stuff was so good, early-inning research on perfect games at the Stadium seemed appropriate.
“His stuff … their command,” manager Aaron Boone fairly gushed after the Yanks had finished the season series with a 5-2 edge over the champs. “He was really sharp, really crisp. They mixed in their changeup with the fastball and slider.
“The elite fastball in the mid to upper 90s sets it up. The slider goes forward for so long before a late dive. That's why he's an ace in this sport.”
see also Severino dominates as Yankees take another series from Astros If the Yankees and Astros meet again this season, it...
Severino is 8-1 with a 2.31 ERA, tied with Corey Kluber for the AL lead in victories. The Yankees have won 11 of their 12 starts. They struck out 11 while walking one in seven innings against Houston, one of the K's coming on a 3-2 change to Carlos Correa that stranded Jose Altuve on first base in the fourth inning with the Yankees on top 1-0.
“I've had confidence since last year,” said Severino, who fanned seven of the first nine Astros and retired the first 11 they faced before Altuve bounced one through the right side. “I think the change makes me a better pitcher. [Batters] have to think about a third pitch.”
There are enough professional hitters on the roster, and even stuck in Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre, to rake one-through-nine in the order and in the line score. You can't run out the clock on the Yankees. You've got to get 27 outs.
But the rules of baseball as they are, Yankees pitchers are also required to get 27 outs. This has been problematic, with so much of the job left to a bullpen that hasn't quite been as impenetrable as envisioned over the winter. Then again, the starters are leaving an average of about 11 outs a night for the relief pitchers.
Over the past 16 games, Yankees starters had pitched to a bloated 5.94 ERA while lasting an average of 5 ¹/₃ innings per. Subtract Severino's four outings from the equation and the ERA becomes an even more obese 6.89 at just a tad over five innings per. They'd gone only 8-7 (plus a 5 ¹/₂-inning suspended game to be resolved in Washington on June 18) since their 17-1 spree climaxed on May 9.
In other words, Boone and the Yankees were looking for some relief from their starter in this one. They got it while laying some hurt on Keuchel, the one-time nemesis on whom they laid some hurt in chasing them by scoring four runs in five-plus innings. Indeed, the Yankees have come out on top of this Severino-Keuchel matchup twice this season, the New York right-hander having gone the distance in a 4-0 victory in Houston on May 2.
“I just want to win, compete and give a good game to my team,” Severino said. “They're a great team. To be able to get the win is very nice.”
Severino's length provided some respite for the bullpen, with David Robertson tossing a scoreless eighth before Aroldis Chapman closed it after allowing a run in the ninth. It almost seemed like a day off.
“In this stretch where we have 14 games in 13 days, you do look to your ace to carry the load,” Boone said before the final game of the homestand that precedes eight on the road in Baltimore, Detroit and Toronto. “You need them to go deep into the game not only to give you a really good chance to win that night but to preserve the bullpen. That adds up in the days ahead.”
The Yankees are built to outscore all comers. They'd just rather not have to outscore their own pitching staff, as well. Wednesday, Severino made the issue moot.
Tesla Inc. fans have waited a long time for the chance to buy the electric-car company's Model 3 sedan, but an analyst said Monday that many didn't jump at their first chance to buy one.
Bernstein Research analyst Toni Sacconaghi Jr. said among that the most recent group of reservation holders to receive purchasing privileges — existing owners of the company's previous cars, the Model S and Model X — less than 30% opted to configure and purchase the car when given the chance. That was just the second group to receive access to purchase a Model 3, after Tesla employees.
“If correct, this take rate would be substantially worse than predicted by our July 2017 survey, which had indicated that up to 69% of S/X owners with reservations were likely/very likely to take delivery of their Model 3,” Sacconaghi wrote.
Tesla TSLA, -2.42% has banked on the Model 3 becoming a mass-market automobile, after releasing the Model S and Model X with high price tags meant to help finance the wholesale manufacturing changes that Chief Executive Elon Musk has ushered in for the Model 3. Hundreds of thousands of reservations flowed in after Musk first showed off the car, with $1,000 deposits attached, and Musk said late last year that Tesla had about 455,000 Model 3 reservations.
Earlier Monday: Tesla stock is still a sell at Goldman Sachs
Those $1,000 deposits are refundable, though, and reservation holders are not forced to immediately configure and purchase the car when they are offered. Tesla began offering the cars to employee reservation-holders last year, and then moved on to Model S and Model X owners who reserved a Model 3, and has since moved on to first-time buyers, according to Sacconaghi.
Using Bloomberg's Model 3 tracker, Tesla's disclosures and their own research, Sacconaghi reported Monday that 55% of employee reservation-holders bought the car when offered, while slightly less than 30% of Model S and Model X owners with reservations configured and purchased a Model 3 when offered.
Don't miss: Elon Musk predicts profit at Tesla in 2018, and much more
Sacconaghi warned against “ringing the fire bell” at such news, pointing out possible reasons for their results:
• Lack of configurations: Tesla is only offering one Model 3 configuration at the moment, for $49,000. In the future, Tesla is expected to offer a base model at Musk's promised price of $35,000, as well as all-wheel-drive configurations that potential owners in cold climates may be waiting for.
• Bad timing: Owners may be waiting for the lease on their Model S or Model X to expire, or waiting to sell their current Tesla.
• Lease option: Some may be waiting for Tesla to open up leasing options for the Model 3
See also: Tesla could be falling short of key Model 3 goal, but who's counting, analyst says
Of course, Sacconaghi also suggests a fourth possible reason that would not be good for Tesla: Reservation holders who are not sure they actually want to buy a Model 3. “Those of whom are genuinely undecided on the Model 3, and/or may be waiting further data points on initial build quality, and perhaps competitive EV offerings from other manufacturers,” they said.
Sacconaghi wrote from experience, as they are a Tesla owner who was offered a Model 3 and did not opt to immediately configure and purchase the car. As an owner of a Model X and a Model 3 reservation-holder since early 2016, their family was offered the chance to configure and purchase a Model 3 on Jan. 4.
They deferred the purchase due to personal reasons, including whether the car would be optimal for a family of five, and said Tesla followed up three times within a month after they declined to take them up on the offer. The final plea, on March 5, was a personal email from “a Tesla support person” that sought information on if they were waiting for a different configuration before ordering the car.
“Based off this experience, our hypothesis is that Tesla may be modestly concerned/surprised about the Model 3's low take rates,” Sacconaghi wrote. “In particular, we suspect that our most recent email from Tesla (asking us to identify our desired Model 3 configuration) was part of an effort to determine which new configurations might be most effective in converting deferrals to deliveries.”
Sacconaghi retained a “market perform” rating on the stock with a $265 price target, and noted that Tesla has several “levers to pull” that could juice the rate at which customers are buying the cars, like releasing the all-wheel drive version or opening up leasing options.
Tesla stock closed with a 2.4% decline at $313.56 Monday, and is up 19.9% in the past year, as the S&P 500 index SPX, -1.42% has gained 14.1%. Analysts are split on the stock, with nine rating it the equivalent of a buy, 10 a hold or similar, and nine have a sell or underweight rating. The average price target is $319.74.
Tesla did not immediately respond to a request for comment on this article.
Nothing quite says “let's party like it's 1999” like splashing out on a bottle of bubbly and feeling fancy as hell afterward.
But while most of us think Champagne when it comes to a celebratory sip, is it necessarily better than other bubbles?
“Many people tend to think of sparkling wines or champagne as just one type of wine, but there are many differences between not just sparkling wines such as Prosecco and Cava, but even differences between Champagnes,” explains Cellarmasters Cellar Director Christine Ricketts.
“Champagne has a pedigree of glamour and luxury, but sparkling is becoming more renowned around the world for being a great and affordable alternative.”
Here, Christine breaks down the different varieties of champagne and sparkling wines so you know what to ask for next time you order a bottle.
Non-Vintage Champagne
“Non-Vintage (NV) Champagnes are a blend of different years' harvest and are required to be aged at least 15 months on lees (which means in the bottle.) As NV drops tend to be cheaper than other styles, a budget hack is to buy the best NV Champagne you can afford and store it for a year or longer. You can age NV Champagne – it will gain some toasty, honeyed complexity as it ages – but it is generally recommended to drink on release.”
Vintage Champagne
A post shared by Dom Pérignon (@domperignonofficial) on Aug 21, 2017 at 8:03am PDT
Brut Nature and Brut Champagne
“This is as fine as bubbles get. Vintage Champagne has to be 100 percent made from grapes of a specific year and then spend a minimum of three years on lees. Vintages contain only grapes harvested during a quality year, which means Vintage Champagnes are not always produced each year. This variety represents less than 5 percent of total Champagne production, so expect to see it in the price.”
“Brut Nature is Champagne in one of its purest forms, as no sugars have been added but there may be some residual, which is ‘natural.' When it comes to dry champagnes, Extra Brut, Brut and Extra-sec all have very little sugar added, less than 15 grams. Brut Champagne is the most popular variety.”
Demi-Sec Champagne and Doux
“A demi-sec Champagne will contain between 33 and 50 grams of sugar. As this is on the more sugary scale, it is normally enjoyed with dessert. If you'd like it even sweeter, Doux Champagnes have a dosage level that yields more than 50 grams of residual sugar.”
Rose Champagne (Non-Vintage and Vintage)
A post shared by Veuve Clicquot (@veuveclicquot) on Aug 13, 2017 at 1:56pm PDT
“Rose Champagne has had red wine juice bled back into the base wine to add color, flavor and structure. Often priced higher in the market due to lower production and difficulty of production.”
Cremant
“If it's not Champagne, it's Cremant – the other sparkling wine of France, most famously known from the Loire region. French appellation laws stipulate the same traditional production process applies to Cremant wines as to Champagne using the local varieties particular to that region. These wines tend to be dry and intense, often made in a fantastic, fresh aperitif style.”
Australian Sparkling Wine
A post shared by Y E L L O W G L E N (@yellowglen) on Jun 8, 2017 at 2:38am PDT
“While techniques of production may vary or stray outside of the Methode Champenoise of Champagne, Australia is creating exceptional sparkling wines in both blended and single variety formats.
The majority of sparkling wine in Australia is made from Pinot Noir and Chardonnay grapes from cooler climate regions. Tasmania is fast becoming the most recognized place for premium Australian sparkling wines, mainly due to the fact it has a super cool climate that is so important for premium sparkling wine.”
Asti
“Asti is Italy's most well-known sweet sparkling style and is made from the Moscato grape in the region called Asti. The wine is frizzante, or lightly sparkling, rather than full-blown bubbly and carries an alcohol level of 5.5 percent along with higher levels of sweetness. The wines often have a pink hue and are a popular dessert style or aperitif. Australian winemakers are gaining ground in making this style with production across a broad range of wine regions.”
Prosecco
A post shared by Mionetto USA (@mionettoproseccousa) on Jul 31, 2017 at 3:45pm PDT
Cava
“Prosecco is the national Sparkling of Italy and is made from the grape of the same name (also known as Glera) – generally, lighter and slightly fruitier than Champagne. Prosecco is mostly produced by the Charmat method which results in Italy's famed Spumante (fully sparkling) style. A sharp rise in quality in recent years has seen Prosecco gain popularity in Australia and some exceptional drops come from King Valley in Victoria.”
“Cava is normally drier than Prosecco – on a par with Champagne – but is arguably less complex. Cava is the name of Spanish sparkling wines produced across the country from varied grapes and in varied styles. Cava can only be produced in Spain.”
Sparkling Red Wine
“Sparkling red wine is one of the most unique sparkling styles in the world, originally a French invention but now championed by Australian winemakers. Shiraz is by far the most widely made sparkling red variety and its soft tannins and forward fruit notes are ideally suited to be enjoyed with food. The style is often made from current vintage grapes and older base wine, sometimes even including fortified base stock or decades' old wine.”
By KATHRYNE RUBRIGHT Staff Writer ARCADIA — Arcadia school board voted Wednesday to proceed with replacement of four modular classrooms the district has been using for third- and fourth-grade students. The new permanent classrooms are expected to cost around $2.1 million, Superintendent Bruce …
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
NEW YORK – Dick Clark Productions is hitting back against Mariah Carey's claim it sabotaged their live performance on its "New Year's Rockin' Eve" special.
Carey's disaster during the annual New Year's Eve special in Times Square made international headlines: The superstar vocally stumbled through their short set, failing to sing for most of it despite a pre-recorded track of their songs playing in the background.
Carey was visibly upset during the performance and afterward tweeted "(expletive) happens." Them representative Nicole Perna blamed technical difficulties, and in an interview with Billboard they said Dick Clark Productions hampered Carey's performance.
"She was not winging this moment and took it very seriously," Perna told Billboard. "A shame that production set them up to fail."
Perna said Carey's earpiece wasn't working and they flagged the issue to the production team but was told it would be OK when they got on stage.
"However, that was not the case, and they were again told that their earpiece was not working," Perna said. "Instead of endeavoring to fix the issue so that Mariah could perform, they went live."
In a statement released on Sunday, the production company called such claims "absurd."
"As the premier producer of live television events for nearly 50 years, we pride ourselves on our reputation and long-standing relationships with artists," it said. "To suggest that dcp (Dick Clark Productions), as producer of music shows including the American Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, New Year's Rockin' Eve and Academy of Country Music Awards, would ever intentionally compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous and frankly absurd."
It said that in "very rare instances" there are technical errors that can occur with live television. It said an initial investigation, however, indicated it had no involvement in the challenges associated with Carey's performance.
"We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge their tremendous accomplishments in the industry," it said.
A person familiar with the production of the show who asked for anonymity to speak publicly about the incident said all of the other performers, including Gloria Estefan, rehearsed onsite for their performances and Carey was there but had a stand-in for their rehearsal, atypical for the show's performers. The person said all of the monitors were working and no technical problems were found.
Ironically, Carey was Dick Clark Productions' first live performer for the broadcast in 2005, when it went off without any such problems.
COUNTY
Volunteer honored for years of service
The Illinois Emergency Services Management Association (IESMA) has named Mike Oltman Volunteer of the Year, an award that recognizes their work with the Woodford County Emergency Management Agency (EMA) for more than 30 years. They started working with the agency when they were a student at Roanoke-Benson High School.
Oltman currently serves as deputy director of the Woodford County Emergency Management team.  They are the chief storm spotter and damage assessment coordinator for the county EMA. They have worked with the IEMA and FEMA following disasters in Woodford County by mapping out the damaged area to make it more efficient when officials from those departments arrive on site.
Oltman is an expert on radio operations and installs all the radios in EMA vehicles and in the Emergency Operations Center. They also perform most of the maintenance and does electrical projects at the EMA building. Oltman also trains volunteers on radio and command trailer operations.
Earlier this year, Oltman worked throughout the night coordinating response efforts and communicating with the EOC when there was a tornado touchdown in the northern part of the county.
Oltman is assistant fire chief for the Roanoke Fire Protection District and volunteers for the Roanoke ambulance service.
MINONK
Taste local flavors at festival
Come sample the flavors of local eateries June 17 at the second Taste of Minonk. From 4:30 to 7:30 p.m., local musicians will entertain at the festival, which will include chalk drawing, face painting, balloon animals and barrel rides for kids. Drawings for a television set and weather radio will they held.
The time from 2 to 5 p.m. will be designated Public Safety Day, where first responders will be on hand. The Minonk Fire Protection District will sponsor a smoke house and display emergency vehicles.
A family movie will be shown at dusk at the intersection of Chestnut and Fifth streets. Admission is $5.
METAMORA
Mark your calendars: Old Settlers Day
Old Settlers Days will be celebrated in Metamora, June 21-24.
The annual event will begin June 21 and 22 at 5:30 p.m. with carnival rides and music until 10 p.m.
The carnival will open at noon on June 23, and all-you-can-ride wristbands will be sold for $16 and honored from 12-5 p.m. Rides will reopen from 6-10 p.m. Free crafts and a raffle will be held the kids' tent from 1-4 p.m. for children 15 and younger.
Admission will be free to Barnyard Discoveries from 2-4 p.m. and the evening will end with a performance by the Joe Stamm Band from 7-10 p.m.
Festivities will begin June 24 with the 45th annual Lincoln Douglas Run, organized by Metamora Township High School. At 7:30 a.m., the 8-Mile and 3-Mile runs will begin. Walkers are welcome in the 3-mile run. Children 12 and under are invited to participate in a 1/2 mile-run at 8 a.m.
The Old Settlers Day Parade will begin at 10 a.m.
As on June 23, the carnival will open at noon on June 24, and all-you-can-ride wristbands will be sold for $16 and honored from 12-5 p.m. Rides will reopen from 6-10 p.m. Free crafts and a raffle will be held the kids' tent from 1-4 p.m. for children 15 and younger.
There will be a performance by Merilee Studios at noon, and the evening will end with a performance by Jake Maurer from Nashville, formerly of Metamora, from 7-10 p.m.
EUREKA
Business moves to larger space
The Skirt Outlet has a new home. The shop, which was located on south Main Street for the past five years, has moved to 203 E. Bullock, to a historic century-old building, which formerly housed a pair of canning factories: Dickinson and later Libby, McNeill & Libby.
The move was needed because the clothing and accessories store outgrew its former space. The new location has 4,000 square feet of space and includes a showroom, dressing rooms, an office and storage space.
–Woodford County News Briefs–
BOSTON — A Massachusetts governor's race candidate is shutting down a non-profit organization that they founded that ended up on a list of U.S.-based hate groups.
Republican Scott Lively has described their Abiding Truth Ministries as pro-family, but their opposition to gay rights has landed them and their Springfield-based ministry on the Southern Poverty Law Center's list of designated hate groups.
Lively said Wednesday they still believe society should follow the Bible as the guide to sexual morality in public policy. But they say they hope to enlist “authentically conservative homosexuals” and political liberals in their effort to shift their emphasis “to a conservationist perspective in which the natural family is recognized as the essential eco-system of humanity.”
Lively hopes to unseat Gov. Charlie Baker in the GOP primary.
Baker calls Lively's views “outrageous.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Campaigners are rallying once more to try to save a historic former swimming pool in Reading from becoming housing.
Peter Burt has launched a petition on behalf of the Save Arthur Hill Pool Campaign fighting what they say are plans from Reading Borough Council for flats on the site of the now-defunct Arthur Hill Pool site in King's Road.
The council has always stated the land was likely to be sold when the pool closed and its draft local plan for housing in Reading estimates six to 10 homes could be built on the site.
However, it also states the front of the building, which is listed, would have to be retained "where possible".
The authority's plan is to use some of the cash generated from the land sale to part-fund projects for two new pools at Palmer Park in Wokingham Road and on land at Rivermead Leisure Complex in Richfield Avenue.
However, Mr Burt, who was one of the leaders of the Save Arthur Hill Pool campaign last year, says the pool was donated to the community of Reading by the family of Mr Hill , which means the council has no right to sell it.
(Photo: Reading Museum)
They said:
“At the time the decision to close Arthur Hill Pool was made, councillors claimed that it was being driven by the cost of keeping the pool open, rather than a desire to sell the site, and said that the decision to close the pool was made 'with a heavy heart'.
"Yet barely six months after Arthur Hill Pool closed the Council is proposing to develop housing on the site.
“Reading Borough's policy on the Arthur Hill site is a contradictory and inconsistent shambles.
"We were told that any future income from the Arthur Hill site would be put towards development of a new swimming pool.
"Yet the proposal for a local listing of the front of the Arthur Hill building undermines the development potential and the value of the site, reducing the amount of money that would be available for any new pool.
“The whole proposal to list the frontage of the building smacks of a feeble effort to deflect the criticism the Council has received over the Arthur Hill fiasco by making a token and belated attempt to recognise the site's heritage value.
“Yet again, Reading Borough Councillors have taken a 'we know best' attitude and made no effort to find out what local people want for the Arthur Hill site.
"We believe the Arthur Hill site should be retained for community use and that there should be a proper local consultation on the future of the Arthur Hill site, including the possibility of re-opening it if the council's aspirations for building a new pool in the area collapse”.
The petition states: "Reading Borough Council is planning to develop housing on the current site of the Arthur Hill Swimming Pool.
"The Arthur Hill site was donated to the local community in 1911 for the benefit of the general public, and it is not appropriate for the council to sell the site for private gain.
"We object to the proposal in Reading Borough Council's draft local plan to change the land use category of the Arthur Hill site to allow residential development and request that the current land use for the site be retained, and that the site continue to be used for leisure, sporting, and community activities."
A spokesperson for the council said there was "no evidence" to suggest the council would not be able to sell the land.
They also stated any work would have to consider the building's listed status, which means it is very like it will keep its historic look.
They said: "The building at the front of the site has been locally listed by the council in recognition of its historical interest and any redevelopment of the site would need to comply with the council's planning policies which seek to retain locally listed buildings.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"Arthur Hill Memorial Baths was acquired by the council under two conveyances dated 1911 and 1930.
"There is no evidence in either conveyance of any covenants or restrictions that would affect the development or saleability of the site."
The pool closed in December last year after the council revealed it could no longer afford its running costs and a £750,000 refurbishment.
The campaigners launched a project with the aim of taking over the running of the 105-year-old pool.
However, despite the efforts of the campaigners, who put a lot of time and effort into coming up with a management plan, the council felt there were too many holes in the financing of the plan to go ahead with it.
The Bay Area isn't quite finished with the rain, but it won't see anything like the storms in January and February until next year, according to the National Weather Service in Monterey.
Related Articles Drizzly week to dry out, warm up by weekend
At Big Sur, a sudden taste of isolation
Bay Area forecast: Will outdoor Easter plans get rained out?
California sets high-water rain mark, Bay Area braces for more
How much rain water did Northern California really get? “The heavy rain is behind us,” said Steven Anderson, a meteorologist with the federal agency.
On the heels of a soggy Easter Sunday, more showers were in the forecast for late Monday night and Tuesday, according to the weather service. Less than 0.10 inches of rain was expected to fall.
A similar system is on track to arrive on Wednesday afternoon in the North Bay and spread as far south as Fremont by 10 p.m.
Sunny and warm weather is in the forecast for the weekend, with temperatures climbing into the 80s in the South Bay, the 70s in the East Bay and the upper 60s in San Francisco.
For the 24-hour period ending at 5:15 p.m. Monday, San Francisco had recorded 0.27 inches of rain, Oakland 0.05 inches and San Jose only trace amounts, according to the weather service.
Richmond was one of the wetter spots in the Bay Area, with 0.64 inches of rain recorded during the same period.
A cavalcade of drenching storms between December and March helped lift the Bay Area and the rest of the Golden State out of a historic drought, but they also caused millions of dollars in damage, prompting Gov. Jerry Brown to declare a state of emergency.
Since the start of the water year on Oct. 1, Santa Rosa has recorded 59.66 inches of rain (178 percent of normal), San Francisco 31.94 inches (145 percent), Oakland 28.12 inches (147 percent), San Jose 18.12 inches (124 percent) and Moffett Field in Mountain View 17.89 inches (132 percent).
MARTINSVILLE, Ind. (WISH) — A Monrovia man was sentenced to a month in the Morgan County jail after their two pit bulls mauled and killed a miniature horse in October, court records show.
Daniel L.S. Cannon, 28, was sentenced last week in Morgan County Superior Court 2.
The mini-horse named Big Boy was a pet of Mac McCloud's granddaughter, they said in November.
“They mauled them pretty good,” McCloud said. “He was only 29 inches tall so they didn't have a chance with two of them and they cornered them in the stall.”
The horse did not survive the Oct. 29 attack.
According to court documents, the dogs had attacked a neighbor just one week before.
Authorities asid the dogs' owner has a lengthy history of cases like this in Indianapolis.
“Daniel Cannon has an extensive history of animal violations in the City of Indianapolis, dating back to 2011. They have been found in violation of having animals at large, animals chasing and approaching people in a menacing fashion, animals attacking individuals, and other related offenses. As a result of multiple cases, Cannon has been ordered to pay civil penalties and they are permanently restricted to the type and amount of animals that they can own within the City of Indianapolis and Marion County,” said Indianapolis Animal Care Services spokesperson Kristen Lee in a statement provided to 24-Hour News 8 in November 2017.
Cannon was listed Monday in online jail records as being in the Marion County Jail.
Warning: Crude language ahead!
LOS ANGELES — It's time for another round of Jimmy Kimmel's popular late night sketch, ‘Mean Tweets,' and with the Super Bowl coming up, this edition features NFL athletes.
Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce was one of the football stars reading an insult aimed at them from the world of social media, and this particular tweeter wasn't just dissing their sports skills. Kelce smiled wide as they read the tweet.
Other big names like Michael Crabtree, Ndamukong Suh, and NFL legends like Peyton Manning and Terry Bradshaw are also featured.
The telerob Explosive Ordnance Disposal and observation robot helps crews with bomb disposals and equipment placement
You might hear some loud bangs coming from the grounds at 19 Wing Comox over the next 2 weeks.
Bomb disposal technicians from across the country are training hard to hone their skills. Warrant Officer Dan Marlow says they'll be encountering a mix of bomb-threat and disposal scenarios.
Marlow notes that unlike in partner countries like the United States, technicians in Canada also have primary roles in addition to their work in bomb disposal.
The training at 19 Wing Comox started on Monday, February 13th and goes until Friday, February 24th.
Follow @insidefutbol
Rangers midfielder Andy Halliday has heaped praise on youngsters Myles Beerman and David Bates, both of whom have retained their first team spots to help the Gers manage three clean sheets in a row.
Both Beerman and Bates were part of the defence that managed to keep the opposition attack at bay for the third time in a row as Rangers beat Partick Thistle 2-0 to keep alive hopes of finishing second in the Premiership.
Halliday, who came on as a late second-half substitute in Saturday's match, insists that the duo have been impressive since coming into the team following the injuries to Lee Hodson, Clint Hill and Lee Wallace earlier in the month.
They feel what is even more satisfactory about their performance is the fact that not for one moment did they show any nerves, and a clean sheet for the third game in a row is something they can be proud of.
On the win against Partick Thistle, Halliday told their club's official website: “We'll certainly take the three points.
"All credit to the back four, and particular Batesy and Myles – I thought they were really comfortable, and three games at the start of your Rangers career with no goals conceded is really impressive.”
Rangers's next two games will be against Old Firm rivals Celtic in the Scottish Cup semi-final and in the league respectively over the course of the next two weeks.
Best Fish Sandwiches In MinnesotaA breaded, deep fried rectangular patty made from white meat fish such as cod or pollock, the fish sandwich, or fishwich, came into its own as a burger when introduced at McDonald's in 1962. Since then, the fish sandwich has become a lunch and dinner favorite. If you favor the local catch, try a walleye fish sandwich.
Intro
Derby County vs Huddersfield Town
Monday 17 April 2017
Watch Online – Full Match Replay
Video still processing if video still not available yet!
The Latest on U.S. Vice President Mike Pence's trip to Asia (all times local):
12:15 p.m.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence has arrived in Japan for the second stop of a 10-day Asia tour.
Their plane touched down Tuesday at the U.S. military's Atsugi base outside Tokyo.
The focus of their trip is expected to shift in Japan to trade. North Korea's nuclear and missile development dominated the agenda on their first stop in South Korea.
Pence told business leaders before leaving Seoul that the Trump administration is reviewing all trade agreements as part of its “America First” policy.
White House officials say the meetings in Tokyo are meant to forge a framework for future discussions after the U.S. withdrew from a Pacific Rim trade pact.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — A group of college students is working with former Indianapolis Mayor Greg Ballard to design a sustainable energy plan for the state of Indiana. Ten students from the University of Indianapolis and two students from IUPUI are taking part in the internship program.
The students will present their final plan to lawmakers in April.
On Wednesday evening the students will host their second public meeting to get feedback and take questions.
“Our overall goal is to create a cleaner future for Hoosiers. We are millennials. We are the future of this state, and our goal is to clean up our act,” said University of Indianapolis senior Carly Nicholson.
The group is looking at how Indiana produces and uses energy now and how it can do better.
“Really bringing Indiana into the 21st century, regarding where we are powering our state,” said University of Indianapolis junior Rowen Pharrel. “Solar energy, wind energy — so many different technologies available in the modern market that most of the state just isn't aware of.”
Ballard said Indiana needs to adapt to changing technology.
“This is one of those issues where frankly, Indiana is — let's be kind — we are not an energy thought-leader in the nation,” Ballard said. “There's no reason we shouldn't be. We have a lot of assets here. We have a lot of talent here that can move the state of energy in Indiana in a different direction.”
Ballard has been working with students to outline their strategy, but they are letting the students come up with their own ideas.
“He's always pushing us to get out of our comfort zone, express our thoughts. They do believe that the youth and the younger people — their word actually matters,” said Sara Aljabbari, a University of Indianapolis graduate.
Ballard said they hope lawmakers will listen to the students and want to make changes.
“This is the future,” the former mayor said. “These are the people who will be the future, who will be living in our state and in our country for the next 40 to 50 to 60 years. I'm hoping that this is one of those initial steps where people are going to listen to this generation and this group of students and say, ‘Maybe there's a different path' or ‘Maybe there's another way to do this.'”
Ballard said they believe sustainable energy is not just an environmental issue, but a national security issue as well.
“Those who own the energy commodities dictate what happens around the world,” Ballard explained. “Maybe that needs to change. Maybe instead of seeing it as renewable energy, maybe we need to see it as locally-based energy. Maybe we can take care of energy within our own community, within our own state and within our own nation — maybe that makes us all safer.”
While they hope lawmakers put their plan to use, the students said the internship has already made a difference in their lives.
“I'm hoping to continue from here with environmental services,” Nicholson said. “Maybe not specifically energy, but I have found my niche through this internship and kind of where I belong — this realm of energy and communicating scientific ideas.”
“My lifelong goal is to go and build residential homes that are more sustainable to their surroundings,” IUPUI junior Lilian Nguyen said.
The group will host a public meeting at the Carmel Clay Public Library at 6:30 Wednesday evening. You can learn more here.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Newstalk 580 CFRA
Ottawa Police are looking for an 18-year-old man, wanted in connection with gun charges.
Police say a gun was seized at a home Friday morning, but a suspect was not found.
A warrant has since been issued for 18-year-old Alexandre Cadet.
 They are wanted on the following charges:
Careless storage of a firearm
Possession of a weapon
Unauthorized possession of a firearm
Possession of a prohibited or restricted weapon
Possession of a loaded prohibited or restricted firearm
Cadet is described as a man with light brown skin, a medium build, standing about 5'7" (1.7m) tall and weighing between 140-150 lbs (64-68 kg).
Despite the gun seizure, police are warning Cadet should still be considered armed and dangerous and advise you not to approach, but call 911 if you see him.
Drink Up: Moderate to Heavy Drinkers May Avoid Dementia
UC San Diego claims in a new study that certain people who regularly consume moderate to heavy amounts of alcohol are more likely to live to 85 without developing dementia and other cognitive problems compared to people who don't drink at all.
The long-term study was largely based on white, middle-class men and women living in Rancho Bernardo, a master-planned community in North County.
The paper was published in the Journal of Alzheimer's Disease, and is the latest in a series of mostly non-definitive studies that examine how everything from genetics to diet to environment factor in to the development of dementia.
The new UC San Diego paper says, in part, that "Moderate and heavy drinkers had 2-fold higher odds of living to age 85 without cognitive impairment relative to non-drinkers."
In a statement, the university said that, "By its (federal) definition, moderate drinking involves consuming up to one alcoholic beverage a day for adult women of any age and men aged 65 and older; and up to two drinks a day for adult men under age 65.
"Heavy drinking is defined as up to three alcoholic beverages per day for women of any adult age and men 65 and older; and four drinks a day for adult men under 65. Drinking more than these amounts is categorized as excessive."
The study, led by neuroscientist Linda McEvoy, focuses heavily on alcohol consumption, but it contains an important qualifer:
The university said the study "does not suggest drinking is responsible for increased longevity and cognitive health. Alcohol consumption, particularly wine, is associated with higher incomes and education levels, which in turn are associated with lower rates of smoking, lower rates of mental illness and better access to health care."
UC San Diego studied 1,344 older adults between 1984 to 2013. All of the participants had some degree of college education, the university said.
© 2017 San Diego Union-Tribune under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
Northern Ballet is presenting Goldilocks & The Three Bears at Mansfield Palace Theatre next week.
Goldilocks is a mischievous little girl, whose curiosity leads them to a house full of many surprises.
With a family of friendly bears, a beautiful blue bird and bowls of delicious porridge, this 40- minute ballet is just right for little ones to enjoy live music, ballet and theatre for the first time.
There will also be a special relaxed performance of the show ideally suited to children with Autisim, sensory or communication disorders or learning disabilities.
Performances are on Tuesday April 25 at 12noon, 2pm and 4pm (relaxed).
Tickets are available on 01623 633133 or http://bit.ly/2psigTJ
ROSEVILLE, Minn. (WCCO) — Sitting near the family Christmas tree in their living room, Rob Spector explains Friday's frightening phone call from their daycare provider.
“We knew it was serious but we didn't think it was life serious,” Rob explains.
Spector and their wife Laura can't fathom the Christmas that might have been. Instead, the couple has been spending these past days at St. Paul Children's Hospital grateful for the care their infant daughter is receiving.
It all began after a simple afternoon nap at their daughter's day care on Friday turned into a moment of sheer terror.
“My daughter's life is owed to her, because it was that close,” Spector said.
It began as the family's normal weekday routine — the couple's 7-year-old son and their infant daughter, Savannah, were at Norma O'Connor's day care not far from the family's home.
Savannah had what appeared to be a typical morning and was then put down for their afternoon nap.
But when Savannah awoke after sleeping a bit longer than usual, O'Connor soon noticed that they were breathing strangely and appeared more pale.
“She looked like they were going to throw up, so I thought maybe they had the flu, but there was no temp. So then I laid them on their side so they could throw up and it was just a little bit came up. And then they gurgled and when they gurgled, blood came out,” said O'Connor, who has been caring for children in their home for 38 years.
Norma immediately called for paramedics who soon rushed Savannah to St. Paul Children's Hospital.
Instead of the happy photograph showing Savannah and their brother sitting on Santa's lap, the infant girl is seen laying in a hospital bed, with breathing tubes and intravenous lines taped to their tiny body.
When asked about their quick response to the signs of trouble, O'Connor simply responds, “I just did my job, that's all I did. I just did my job. And I think all my friends that I know who do day care, same thing. They would've done the same thing. They just do their job.”
But to the child's parents, Norma's modesty is nothing short of a Christmas miracle. They were going to retire from day care last spring but decided to stay for one more year to help the Spectors and their new baby girl.
“The doctors say they might not ever know – it could be like a nosebleed and it just happened,” Rob Spector said.
The day care lady who could have retired was there when they were needed most.
“She's a hero, and she's the best daycare lady you could ask for,” Rob Spector said.
VICTORIA, B.C.- The provincial government will move forward with the construction of the Site C hydroelectric dam.
In a statement, the province said not moving forward with the project would have resulted in a $4-billion debt for BC Hydro users, with rate hikes or reduced funds for schools, hospitals and other infrastructure.
B.C. Premier John Horgan said their government is going to launch a Site C turnaround plan. It will contain project costs while adding benefits.
Some of the items of the plan include a new Project Assurance Board, establishing new community benefits programs and a new B.C. Food Security Fund.
Along with providing funding for province-wide food security projects and programs, the government says the plan will ensure that the Peace River Legacy Fund delivers solutions to long-term environmental, social and economic issues.
The plan will also activate the $20-million agricultural compensation fund to offset lost sales and stimulate long-term productivity enhancements in Peace Valley agriculture.
Horgan said that their government will be looking into an alternative energy strategy to put British Columbia more firmly on the path to green, renewable power that will help the province reach and surpass its climate goals.
The Site C dam project will cost just over $10-billion.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Residents are furious at Cheshire West and Chester Council 's decision to sell greenspace to a property owner hoping to create a larger off road parking area.
CWaC has already agreed to allow the plot at 50 Appleyards Lane, Handbridge , to become an extension of the residential curtilage instead of amenity land following a change-of-use planning application.
And Salih Mahdi, on behalf of property owner Mrs Amal Salman, wrote in a letter to the council that Mrs Salman had agreed to buy the land from CWaC with the purchase now subject to contract.
But Reg Barritt, general secretary of Handbridge Residents Council, is not happy.
They wrote to CWaC property services: “Local residents in Handbridge, the views of whom I represent to you here, are concerned that a planning application has just been allowed for the development of hard standing parking for private use at 50 Appleyards Lane in Handbridge using adjoining green open community space.”
In the letter copied to local councillors, they continued: “We wish to alert you to our strong opposition to the sale of this community-owned greenspace on the grounds outlined in the attached summary document; primarily on the ground that such green and open space in Handbridge is assessed by way of CWaC's own assessments as in increasing shortfall and is noted by CWaC as to be protected as open and green space for the raft of reasons given.”
Mr Barritt, who has written to council leader Samantha Dixon , is calling on members of the community to object to the land sale.
In granting change-of-use planning approval, council officer Jennie Poynton addressed Handbridge Residents Council's objections.
They claimed the proposal did ‘not lead to a serious departure from the need to protect the space'.
And Mrs Poynton stressed: “Again it should be noted the section of land is a small strip and the remaining section of land would be available for public use.”
ISTANBUL - Turkish police detained 82 suspected Islamic State members, 77 of them foreign nationals, in raids across Istanbul, state-run Anadolu news agency reported on Saturday.
It said counter-terror police squads targeted suspects believed to have acted on behalf of the jihadists, going to conflict zones in Syria and Iraq and preparing urban attacks in Turkey.
Simultaneous police raids were carried out on 16 addresses in 10 districts of Istanbul, the agency said, without specifying when the operation was conducted.
The Anadolu report did not specify what evidence police had against the suspects but said police seized digital materials and documents during the raids.
Turkey has been a partner in the US-led coalition against Islamic State fighters, detaining more than 5,000 Islamic State suspects and deporting several thousand foreign militants in recent years.
Turkish police previously stepped up operations against Islamic State suspects at the end of last year ahead of the first anniversary of a New Year gun attack on a nightclub in Istanbul in which 39 people were killed.
Islamic State claimed responsibility for that shooting, which was one of a series of attacks believed to have been carried out by the jihadists in Turkey in recent years.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
Missing Prospect woman's lover arrested….as Major Crimes Unit reopens case
Ranks from the Guyana Police Force (GPF)'s Major Crimes Unit have arrested a lover of missing Prospect woman, 37-year-old Shawnette Savory, as they reopened the case.
The man was arrested at their Grove, East Bank Demerara home on Tuesday.
Kaieteur News understands that the individual was involved in an extra marital affair with Savory just before they went missing.
It was while the police were interrogating another suspect that they learnt about the individual in Grove.
“We had no idea about this man in Grove, but we pulled in someone and they told us about the person (Lover) they (Savory) was having an affair with,” the rank noted.
This newspaper understands that the case was reopened after ranks received a tip-off from a relative of Savory a month ago.
“We were gathering information, but we had to wait until we had certain things before we made an arrest,” a rank said.
Savory's mother, Dhanrajie Murray had made contact with ranks from the Major Crimes Unit and expressed their interest in having the case reopened. Murray would have provided the cops with information that also helped them in making the arrest.
Shawnette Savory disappeared on August 28, last after leaving their apartment at 222 Prospect, East Bank Demerara, to pay their electricity bill. Shortly after their disappearance, the police issued wanted bulletins for Patrick Bannister and their wife, Ritesha Rahaman.
Savory and Rahaman were said to be best friends. Savory was last seen in the company of the couple.
Just after the wanted bulletins were issued, investigators went to the couple's home at Belle West and dug up the concrete floor of the one-bedroom shack after they were informed that Savory might have been buried there. They did not find anything.
Bannister's mother has been providing the cops with conflicting information about their son's whereabouts. There are reports that they have fled to Venezuela, but their wife and son are said to be somewhere in Berbice.
Bannister is said to be the last person who made contact with Savory on their mobile phone. Investigators never got the chance to question him.
Beginning in December 2014, Mayor de Blasio placed significant restrictions on how New York City correction officers can penalize and restrain violent criminals in city jails, ostensibly to ensure the safety and well-being of inmates and guards alike.
But the mayor's policies seem to have made jails less safe for all concerned. In 1998, when more than 17,500 prisoners were packed into city jails on any given day, inmates committed 6,458 violent assaults. By 2017, the average daily inmate population had dropped to just 9,500 — yet the behind-bars violent-assault total nearly doubled to 12,650.
Much of that rise happened over the last three years, during which violent assaults jumped 43 percent, even as, during that same period, the number of corrections officers increased, from 8,922 to 10,862.
In a jail system with fewer inmates and more guards, what explains the spike in inmate violence? Part of it can be attributed to de Blasio's “focus on equity” — a phrase that appears in the 2017 Mayor's Management Report more than two dozen times, including at the top of the section covering the city's Department of Correction.
Equity concerns apparently guided the implementation of reforms regarding punitive segregation (known commonly as “solitary confinement”) and guards' use of force.
In December 2014, the DOC took punitive segregation off the table for 16- and 17-year-olds. By the end of 2016, the DOC had extended the ban to cover all inmates 21 and younger.
As part of the settlement of an inmate lawsuit brought against the city , the DOC announced, in November 2015, a new use-of-force policy to address an alleged “culture of violence among correction officers on Rikers Island,” according to the Observer.
The new policy placed restrictions on “painfully escorting or restraining inmates without reason, and striking inmates in the groin, neck, kidneys or spinal column.”
It also banned “ ‘high-impact' force: blows to the previously mentioned areas as well as the head or face, kicking an inmate, and the use of choke holds, carotid restraint holds or neck restraints.”
The Correction Officers' Benevolent Association vigorously opposes the new policies, arguing that they have resulted in more attacks on guards. In a recent article, union president Elias Husamudeen argues that exceptions should be made to allow for punitive segregation for young violent offenders. “The majority of violence in our jails is committed by violent inmates who are 21 and under,” they write.
Former DOC commissioner Martin F. Horn believes that the policy shifts and the recent spike in inmate violence are connected. “It's certainly part of the story,” they say, adding that de Blasio and their team “may have tried to accomplish too much, too fast.”
Indeed, the mayor's own 2017 Management Report admits as much: “From July 2016 through February 2017, [the George Motchan Detention Center] experienced higher rates of fights than the corresponding months during the previous year, in part as a result of reducing and eventually eliminating punitive segregation, as well as the co-location of young adults who have historically been involved in disproportionately more violent incidents.”
A recent vicious attack at the George Motchan facility left a correction officer with a fractured spine after being jumped by four inmates — all documented gang members under 20 years old.
Another factor could be the experience level of the correction workforce. Horn suspects a combination of hiring freezes, retirements and a recent influx of new officers has resulted in a higher-than-ideal percentage of correction officers and supervisors with less than three to five years on the job.
This problem should have been anticipated; during Horn's term as commissioner, their team produced “charts projecting a huge surge in attrition in the middle 2010s.”
The core function of city government is to maintain security. In city jails, that task falls to New York's Boldest, but the mayor's progressive policies have altered the conditions in which they work — and data show these policies have failed.
Will de Blasio heed the counsel of those doing the job and reverse course? Not as long as they put “equity” before security.
Rafael A. Mangual is the deputy director of legal policy at the Manhattan Institute, whose City Journal this was adapted from.
When they became involved with police in Portadown a 19-year-old man spat saliva containing blood into a police officer's eye, Craigavon Magistrates Court heard last Wednesday.
Johnathan Johnston, Flax Street, Belfast, at a previous court had admitted a series of offences which happened on March 19 this year.
They were two assaults on constables, resisting a constable, criminal damage to a police vehicle and disorderly behaviour at West Street, Portadown.
The case had been adjourned so that a pre-sentence report could be obtained.
The court heard that police were called to an incident and following an arrest the defendant became disorderly and resisted an officer, twice kicking them on the right leg.
Johnston spat in the eye of another officer and their saliva contained blood which meant the victim had to undergo tests.
The defendant also spat inside the police car and it cost £56.16 to clean the vehicle.
A solicitor representing Johnston said it was an ugly incident and their client had forwarded a letter of apology to the police and court service.
The solicitor said that Johnston thought they had been wrongly accused and had taken a lot of alcohol.
They added that their client had stopped drinking and stopped substance abuse for nearly four months and was involved with a boxing club.
The solicitor added that they had obtained employment and was willing to do community service.
Deputy District Judge Anne Marshall described Johnston's behaviour as ‘nothing short of disgraceful'.
They said that police statements described them as having a wild look in their eyes and they attempted to head-butt an officer.
The judge told Johnston: “After all that you spat several times at a police officer.”
They sentenced the defendant to 100 hours community service on the assault charges and imposed a conditional discharge for a year on the other three offences.
Johnston was also ordered to pay £56.16 compensation for the criminal damage offence.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Rihanna has sparked rumors that they are engaged to their billionaire boyfriend Hassan Jameel. The couple is believed to have been dating for over a year- half of which time they kept a secret from the public. Recently, they were spotted out and about with something real shiny on their ring finger. Click on the audio player to hear more in this Gary's Tea on “The Rickey Smiley Morning Show.”
Sign Up For Our Newsletter!
Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.
Listen to “The Rickey Smiley Morning Show” LIVE every weekday from 6/5am C.
RELATED: How Rihanna Stood Up For Transwomen [EXCLUSIVE]
RELATED: Gary's Tea: Why Rihanna's Courtside Bow To Lebron Was Not A Good Look [EXCLUSIVE VIDEO]
RELATED: Hip-Hop Spot: Is Rihanna Pregnant? [EXCLUSIVE VIDEO]
The Latest:
(AP Photo/Stew Milne). In this June 24, 2018 photo, Bubba Watson watches their tee shot on the 18th hole during the final round of the Travelers Championship golf tournament in Cromwell, Conn. Watson will tee off Thursday, July 5, 2018 at A Military Trib...
(AP Photo/Frank Franklin II, file). FILE - In this June 16, 2018 file photo Phil Mickelson plays a shot on the 11th tee during the third round of the U.S. Open Golf Championship in Southampton, N.Y. Mickelson will tee off Thursday, July 5, 2018 at A Mi...
(AP Photo/Julio Cortez, file). FILE - In this June 17, 2018 file photo Xander Schauffele plays their shot from the fourth tee during the final round of the U.S. Open Golf Championship in Southampton, N.Y. Schauffele will tee off Thursday, July 5, 2018 at...
By JOHN RABY
AP Sports Writer
Decisions by most of the world's elite golfers to skip the PGA Tour's stop in West Virginia have been a boost for younger players like Xander Schauffele.
Schauffele had a one-stroke victory over Robert Streb at The Greenbrier resort last season, which ended with the 24-year-old from San Diego winning the Tour Championship and earning Rookie of the Year honors.
This year, nearly all of the two dozen rookies on the tour are in the field at A Military Tribute at The Greenbrier, which starts Thursday on the Old White TPC in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia.
Chances are good that one or more of them could be near the top of the leaderboard. Four of the tournament's seven champions have been first-time winners, including three rookies.
Schauffele likes their chances, too.
 They are part of the successful high school class of 2011 that includes Jordan Spieth, Justin Thomas and Daniel Berger. Schauffele pointed out that Spieth won the John Deere Classic in 2013 and 2015, Thomas won in Malaysia in 2015 and 2016, and Berger at the St. Jude Classic in 2016 and 2017.
"I feel like I want to join that group," Schauffele said Wednesday.
But Schauffele has missed the cut in three of their last four tournaments after finishing tied for second at The Players Championship.
At No. 24 in the world, he's among five players ranked in the top 30 at The Greenbrier. The others are Bubba Watson (No. 13), Phil Mickelson (No. 20), Webb Simpson (No. 21) and Brian Harman (No. 26). Five from the top 15 in the FedEx Cup are competing.
Watson, a three-time winner this season, and Mickelson own vacation homes at The Greenbrier Sporting Club. The Greenbrier Classic, typically held around Independence Day, was renamed last month in honor of the nation's active and past members of the military, who are being given free admission.
"It would be a huge accomplishment to win here in front of my home crowd," Watson said. "What a dream that would be, my dad was in the military so now we've got the name of the tournament. It just would mean a lot for my family to honor my late dad."
It's the first tournament for Mickelson since the U.S. Open, when they intentionally violated golf rules by hitting a moving ball on the 13th green in the third round. They later apologized, saying their anger and frustration got the best of him.
The West Virginia stop could see a change when the PGA Tour reveals its full schedule this month for the next FedEx Cup season. The tournament at Sam Snead's former playground in White Sulphur Springs is under contract through 2021.
Watson, for one, wouldn't mind seeing a schedule change. From a business standpoint, they said the Fourth of July holiday always is a hectic time at The Greenbrier, so moving the tournament to later in the year, especially with the area's spectacular fall foliage on display, would give the resort yet another busy week.
"I've always thought that the fall would be great," they said.
Up for grabs this week are four spots in the British Open at Carnoustie starting July 19. Those will go to players not already exempt among the top 12 finishers in West Virginia.
All past winners are in the field. So is Abraham Ancer, who was tied for the lead entering the final round of last week's Quicken Loans National. They finished tied for fourth.
Nineteen-year-old Norman Xiong is playing in their first tournament as a professional. They won the Haskins Award as the nation's top college golfer during their sophomore year at Oregon, earning them an exemption at The Greenbrier.
"It's pretty low-key here, so my mind's pretty settled and I'm just trying to prepare the best I can for the upcoming week," Xiong said. "It's a different stage. It's kind of a new beginning. I don't know too many guys out here. Hopefully soon I can make some friends."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The jury weighing corruption charges against former Nassau County Executive Edward Mangano said it was at an impasse on Wednesday — one day after starting over from scratch following the replacement of a panelist.
The eighth day of deliberations saw the jury send out a note at about 12:30 p.m. stating, “We are deadlocked.”
In response, Central Islip federal Judge Joan Azrack urged the jurors — midway through their 12th week of service — to try again to reach a verdict, saying: “There is no reason to believe this [case] can be tried any better or more ­exhaustively than it has been.”
The jury didn't send out any more notes before being dismissed at 5 p.m., and was due to resume deliberations Thursday.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
With the Trump administration vowing to tighten rules for skilled workers entering the United States, India's software services companies are worried. Indian IT giants outsource tens of thousands of tech specialists to the United States each year, and limiting the visa program that brings them in could disrupt their multibillion-dollar industry.
Congress and the White House have targeted what is arguably the most coveted of U.S. visas: the H1-B. It's "a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer," explains Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell University immigration law professor.
Yale-Loehr says that with the economy picking up, the program is in particularly big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. filed 236,000 petitions that went into a lottery for just 85,000 H1-B visas, the legal cap. The bulk of the winners: Indian computer specialists, many of them graduates of U.S. universities.
Yale-Loehr says that places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent, but that the United States doesn't.
"We have to shoehorn high-tech workers into categories like the H1-B, and it's getting more difficult every year," they say.
Indeed, newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H1-B program.
Indian software services firms last year earned 60 percent of their $108 billion in export revenues from the U.S. Their executives will travel to Washington this month to lobby against measures that take aim at one of India's most successful industries.
One bill proposes more than doubling the minimum wage of H1-B holders, which by law is set at $60,000. Critics argue the H1-B has been misused to displace American workers, and that there has been an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheaper.
Shailesh Chitnis, with the data mining and analysis company Compile, says that while the median salary for all H1-B holders is $71,000, most but not all Indian outsourcers pay below that. If they had to double salaries, Chitnis says, Indian IT companies would have to change their 20-year-old business model.
"Because these organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs — it would simply be too expensive," they say. "They'll have to look at some other alternatives."
But Shevendra Singh with India's National Association of Software Services Companies, or NASSCOM, refutes allegations that Indian companies are dislocating American workers or supplying low-paid labor. Singh says there is demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent because of a severe shortage of qualified Americans with degrees in science, technology, engineering and math.
"The crux of the issue is the STEM skill shortage in the U.S.," Singh says.
In its 2012 report, the U.S. president's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that "fewer than 40-percent of students who enter college intending to major in a STEM field complete a STEM degree." The council concluded that in the next decade, economic forecasts point to a need to produce "approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions."
R. Chandrashekhar, president of NASSCOM, says that if the skills aren't available in the U.S. — and companies can't bring workers in — the jobs either won't get done or they will go out of the country and be done remotely.
"Talent has become more important than investment or trade," they say. "And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing."
Chandrashekhar notes that the intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley, and says protectionist impulses could weaken the United States, and what makes it unique.
"America is No. 1," Chandrashekhar says. "What has really helped them to rise, absolutely, to the top, is that they have attracted talent from across the world. ... It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through."
Immigration expert Yale-Loehr, co-author of a 21-volume treatise on immigration law, agrees that the United States faces a crisis in maintaining its innovative and competitive edge, and says it should be inviting more, not less, IT talent to its shores.
"In a globalized economy, the best and the brightest want to work in the best places — and if they're unable work in the United States, or it takes too long or is too difficult, they'll find a place in Canada or Europe or India where their talents can be appreciated," they say.
If implemented, Yale-Loehr says the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H1-B program but likely have no direct, immediate impact.
However, they say "it sends a strong signal that we no longer like foreign workers — we're all about only U.S. workers."
That, Yale-Loehr says, is eventually going to hurt the U.S.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
In India, tech companies are worried that the Trump administration is preparing to limit visas for foreign skilled workers. A huge number of those visas called H-1Bs are held by Indians, but Congress and the White House say the program could be a threat to American jobs. From New Delhi, NPR's Julie McCarthy has more.
JULIE MCCARTHY, BYLINE: In the alphabet soup of U.S. visas, the H-1B is arguably the most coveted.
STHEPHEN YALE-LOEHR: An H-1B visa is a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer.
MCCARTHY: Cornell immigration law professor Stephen Yale-Loehr says the program is in big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring high-skilled workers to the states filed 236,000 petitions that went to a lottery that drew just 85,000 H-1B visas. The bulk of the winners - Indian computer specialists, many graduates from U.S. universities. Yale-Loehr says places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent.
YALE-LOEHR: We don't, and so we have to shoehorn those high-tech workers into existing categories like the H-1B. And it's getting more difficult every year.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
Newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H-1B program. The stakes are high for Indian IT firms. Using H-1Bs, they earn tens of billions of dollars each year outsourcing tech talent to the U.S. One bill proposes doubling the minimum wage of H-1B holders.
Critics say there's an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheap. Analyst Shailesh Chitnis says if the median salary for all H-1B holders is $71,000, several - not all - Indian outsourcers pay slightly below that. And if they had to double salaries, they say Indian IT companies would have to change their business model.
SHAILESH CHITNES: These organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs. It would simply be too expensive. They'll have to look at some other alternatives.
MCCARTHY: India's IT executives refute allegations that Indians are displacing American workers. There is a demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent, they argue, because of a severe shortage of Americans with degrees in science, engineering and math. The president of the group representing Indian software services companies, R. Chandrashekhar, says talent has become more important than investment or trade.
R. CHANDRASHEKHAR: And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing.
MCCARTHY: Chandrashekhar notes that intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley and says protectionist impulses would weaken the U.S. and what makes it unique.
CHANDRASHEKAR: America is number one. What has really helped them to rise absolutely to the top is that they have attracted talent from across the world, from every corner of the world. And that's what has made them who they are. It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through.
MCCARTHY: Immigration expert Stephen Yale-Loehr says if implemented, the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H-1B program and likely have no direct immediate impact.
YALE-LOEHR: But it sends a strong signal that we'd no longer like foreign workers. We're all about only U.S. workers. That is eventually going to hurt us.
MCCARTHY: Indian IT executives travel to Washington this month to lobby against the measures that take aim at one of India's most competitive businesses. Julie McCarthy, NPR News, New Delhi. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Waka Ama NZ have recently named the elite teams that will represent Aotearoa at the Waka Ama Worlds in Tahiti later this year.
The elite women's and men's teams are returning to the world champs to defend the title they won in Australia two years ago in the competitions inaugural year.
Kiwi Campbell returns to coach the women's team once again, they are also a paddler in the side.
New coach to the men's team Mark Malaki-Williams will also coach and paddle, with a staggering 13 paddlers in the team. Most of the team were members of the men's and u-19 side in the 2016 competition.
To the development section, Sieda Tureia, past member of the women's side and gold medal recipient hangs up their paddle to coach the girl's side, where most paddlers come from Horouta Waka Hoe.
The boy's development squad is only a squad of seven but will be one to watch this year.
The side was the only NZ side that missed out on gold at the 2016 competition and will want to go to Tahiti to win.
The competition is held this July.
Here are the NZ teams;
Nothing particularly new here.
After stumbling across a promotional vehicle that has grown well beyond its initial sentimental appeal into a marketing colossus, the NHL has regularly staged outdoor games since 2008, from snowy Buffalo to balmy Los Angeles.
What started as a one off novelty has become the league's regular season centerpiece, a New Year's day extravaganza that has become the NHL's signature event.
After the first Winter Classic in Buffalo the league was hesitant to even confirm there would be a second one.
Now 21 games later, the NHL will tell you the outdoor showcases are here to stay.
The Centennial Classic, won 5-4 by Toronto, marked the start of the NHL's 100th birthday celebrations and the outdoor game is a firm part of the league's future.
"This will be the 21st outdoor game, so they are here to stay," Steve Mayer, NHL executive vice-president, chief content officer told Reuters. "We all have to figure out the balance of how many.
"There are some years where there have been six and some years when there are three.
"There is a bit of a balance that we cannot do too many of these because we don't want to make it feel like it is not special."
The appeal of the outdoor game lies in the sport's roots, anchored by romantic nostalgia and wintery charm.
But after nearly a decade of taking it outside the NHL is looking at ways to keep the romance alive.
Games have been played in iconic sporting shrines like Chicago's Wrigley Field and Boston's Fenway Park.
There have been exotic settings such as Dodgers Stadium in Los Angeles and marquee matchups featuring the NHL's biggest draws, Sidney Crosby and Alex Ovechkin.
In 2014, the Maple Leafs and Red Wings faced off in front of a record crowd of over 105,000 at Michigan Stadium but for their Centennial launch the league chose a more intimate setting with 40,148 filling BMO Field.
What better way to get a year-long party started than outdoors in the city many consider hockey's biggest market.
"We always talked about the greatest thing about these outdoor games is that they take you back to being a kid whether you did it in the backyard or pond or lake or a frozen river," explained Hall of Famer and all-time scoring leader Wayne Gretzky.
"Some of the kids in our era, we played on outdoor rinks. We had elite games that were on rinks outdoors.
"That's what this brings back. Parents come to these games with their kids and they think about when they were kids."
Hockey fans are being served a big helping of hockey nostalgia to start 2017.
The Centennial Classic will be followed on Monday, Jan. 2, with the Winter Classic in St. Louis, where the Blues will face off against the Chicago Blackhawks.
The highlight of the NHL centennial, which will bridge this season and next, will come near the end of 2017 with the 100th anniversary of the founding of the league on Nov. 26 followed by the Dec. 19 anniversary of the first games.
In a bid to keep outdoor games fresh, Mayer says nothing is off the table, not even ruling out the possibility of taking the extravaganza to Europe sometime in the future.
"We are looking at all options and from the commissioner on down discuss what is the next best game, what's the next best place and how will it be unique," said Mayer.
"We are looking at all options, all places. I don't think there isn't any place we wouldn't go."
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
Tech startups are typically founded by young entrepreneurs with more passion than experience. This is as true in India as it is in Silicon Valley. Then there's Bigbasket, whose founders are veterans of the dotcom bust and mostly north of 50. Drawing on their successes and failures, they've turned their six-year-old startup into India's biggest e-grocer and are taking on a host of competitors, including Amazon and brick-and-mortar chains operated by the nation's biggest conglomerates.
Bangalore-based Bigbasket delivers everyday cooking essentials like ghee (clarified butter), diced coconut and fragrant basmati rice, as well as 18,000 other items from bread to laundry detergent to eight million customers in 25 Indian cities. It's mostly targeting upwardly mobile young Indians keen to avoid traffic and the drudgery of supermarket runs. Last month, Bigbasket raised $300 million in an Alibaba-led round that valued the grocer at $950 million— just shy of unicorn status.
In a country where groceries account for half of the almost $1 trillion retail market, Bigbasket is using knowledge learned the hard way during the dotcom era (don't expand too quickly or use discounts to acquire shoppers) and latter-day innovation (putting vending machines inside apartment buildings; building a supply chain of competitively priced organic produce).
Founding members of Bigbasket. From left: VS Ramesh, Hari Menon, Vipul Parekh, Abhinay Choudhari and V.S. Sudhakar. Photographer: Samyukta Lakshmi/Bloomberg
“We want customers to get hooked, and make our service harder to replicate,” says Hari Menon, 56, co-founder and chief executive officer. He, along with V.S. Sudhakar (58), Vipul Parekh (53), Abhinay Choudhari (47) and VS Ramesh (62), founded Bigbasket parent Supermarket Grocery Supplies Pvt, in December 2011 in a nondescript building in Bangalore's humming Indiranagar neighborhood.
Bigbasket's founders had their first brush with e-commerce back in 1999 when they started Fabmart.com to sell books, toys and groceries online. “Those were the dial-up days, there were no payment gateways, and the internet user base was more hype than reality,” recalls co-founder Sudhakar, standing in a Bigbasket warehouse where women shake soil from mounds of vegetables before packing them into ready-to-ship bundles. “Back then, it'd take 50 seconds for a page to download.”
It didn't take the men long to realize that the world—let alone India—wasn't quite ready for online shopping, and they pivoted to physical stores under the name Fabmall. They soon merged with a brick & mortar grocery chain before getting acquired by another conglomerate. By 2006, the founders had sold out and begun angel investing.
In 2011, they were approached to regroup for an online grocery. Plenty of people told them to stay away from perishable produce in a country so obsessed with freshness that shoppers surreptitiously break okra tips and sink their fingernails into cucumbers. The founders pressed on all the same.
But their timing was propitious: smartphones were proliferating, broadband was becoming affordable, and online payments were in place. Even so, when they pitched the concept, venture firms kept bringing up Webvan, the Bay Area e-grocer that famously flamed out in 2001. The founders revised their pitch to make clear that enough had changed to make the venture viable, and eventually persuaded private equity investor Ascent Capital to put up $10 million.
Workers stock shelves at a Bigbasket warehouse in Bengaluru. Photographer: Samyukta Lakshmi/Bloomberg
Delivering fresh food is challenging everywhere, but India presents steeper obstacles. The country lacks a cooling infrastructure—walk-in freezers, chill rooms, refrigerated trucks and so on. That precluded Bigbasket from buying produce directly from farms. So for the first year, every morning at 3:30, the founders visited a riotous wholesale fruits and vegetable market to buy produce, then picked up other items from a wholesaler. Eventually, Bigbasket put together its own refrigerated warehouses and a fleet of trucks. These moves let the company source the food more cheaply and eventually in 2016 led them to launch Express, a 90-minute delivery service for milk, eggs, bread and emergency supplies.
By investing in “the dysfunctional food and grocery supply chain,” says Arvind Singhal, chairperson of retail consultancy Technopak Advisors, “Bigbasket's managed to get a head start.”
Still, there was a lot of competition, including LocalBanya, Sequoia-backed PepperTap and SoftBank-funded Grofers. (Of them, only Grofers is still standing.) To stay ahead, Bigbasket needed to invest in technology: web-connected, temperature-controlled trucks, GPS-traceable vans, inventory-optimizing algorithms. “The days of experimenting were over,” says Parekh. “We needed to step on the pedal.” This all cost money and by then venture firms were more willing to invest. Starting in the fall of 2014, Bigbasket began mopping up capital—$35 million from Helion Venture Partners and Zodius Capital Advisors, $15 million from Bessemer Venture Partners, $150 million in a round led by Dubai-based Abraaj Group. By mid-2016, Bigbasket was in eight large Indian cities.
Then it was time to target smaller cities. To grab the attention of residents in burgs like Kanpur, Surat and Vijayawada, they recruited Bollywood star Shahrukh Khan as a spokesperson. In one TV commercial, Khan lets shocked delivery boys in through the back door. When asked if he's the one who orders the groceries, Khan lowers their voice conspiratorially and says, “That's my role in the house.” When they ask for their autograph, they say, “You'll be coming home every week from here on. We'll take a selfie next time.”
Along the way, Bigbasket has constantly had to adapt to local conditions. Originally the company wanted one person to drive the trucks and carry the orders into homes. But the delivery boys (they're mostly male) didn't want to be seen as drivers because they're considered lower status in class-conscious India. So they had to hire one person for each job—which turned out to be crucial because parking is scarce so the driver needs to circle the neighborhood. They also need backup workers on standby because delivery people and packers have a tendency to take time off to celebrate local cultural events. “If there's a festival, 30 delivery guys take off to their village and return after four days,” Sudhakar says.
Workers bag and weigh bananas and red peppers. Photographer: Samyukta Lakshmi/Bloomberg
Attracting and keeping customers is a challenge for all e-commerce companies, and doubly so in India. Shopping habits vary widely from city to city and are deeply ingrained. So Bigbasket plies customers with samples: leafy greens in Mumbai, a rice called Sona Masoori in Bangalore. The company spent years figuring out how to achieve the ideal ripeness of bananas for its picky customers and devised exacting quality specifications for produce, including eight varieties of eggplant, and trained the sourcing team to meet them.
Customized software automatically guides drivers to their destinations, which the company says has helped it achieve a near-perfect on-time rate. Late deliveries earn customers a 10 percent discount. Missing items are refunded, plus 50 percent of whatever the item cost.
Seven hundred people handle customer complaints and answer 95 percent of calls within the third ring, Bigbasket says. Complaints range from missing items to delivery boys' hygiene. After getting one too many of these complaints, the founders mandated that their personnel wear clean shirts and open-toe sandals to suit the humid weather. “A Bigbasket person visits a household an average 50 times a year so being presentable was supreme,” Menon says.
A worker prepares a barcode sticker for a customer's order. Photographer: Samyukta Lakshmi/Bloomberg
Last year, the founders took stock of what they had achieved. Bigbasket was now in cities with a combined population of 150 million people, had good brand recall and was making money on each order. But, “we'd barely scratched the surface of the cities we were already in,” Menon says. “It was time to bring in a strategic partner.” After initial conversations with Amazon, Walmart and others, the founders zeroed in on Alibaba, which runs a large online grocery business in China and has built its own delivery operations.
They're now preparing for the next phase of growth by plowing money into warehousing and delivery systems in the 25 cities to bring down delivery times to three hours. In two years, the plan is to double the range of products to 60,000 SKUs, and more than double the farmer base to 5,000, expand private label items and use Alibaba's muscle to source and import a range of merchandise to six times that of large-format supermarkets. “A customer should be able to buy whatever they want,” Menon says.
Even as Amazon and local rival Flipkart push into groceries, Bigbasket's founders profess equanimity. Grocery is different from electronics or fashion and they're confident that strength in one category doesn't necessarily translate to another.Bigbasket is growing quickly and aims to double sales each year to hit $2 billion by 2020 to take the third spot in Indian retail. “They've just gone past 100 meters in a 42-kilometer marathon,” said Vishal Gupta, managing director of early investor Bessemer. “They have to hit the top spot and keep on running.”
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:53 They were unable to survive, fire chief says of family of 3
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:36 Nick Chubb on why he's returning for another year
THIS WEEK I have to register my child's birth. He's three months old, a bruiser at 10 pounds four ounces. I should be proud and happy to make it official, but I'm not.
To be honest I'm sad, angry and frustrated. I've been putting it off since the day they were born in November, hoping and praying that this day would never come. Why? Because I can't put their other parent on the birth certificate.
My wife, their other mother, still can't take legal responsibility for him. This is the reality that so many LGBTQ parents find themselves in.
My wife has been there since the start, from the first time I injected myself with the first IVF drug, through months of trying and failing, to the first time we saw their heartbeat. They have been there through it all, from the moment they were just a dream, up until the time they first held them in their arms.
She's got up for the late nights and early morning feeds. She's changed the exploding nappies, has been puked on and peed on more times than I can count. She's loved them since the first day they saw him, and they her, but they can't claim them as their own.
It breaks my heart that a member of our little family is being left out of the first document our son has to declare their status as an Irish citizen, and the first we have to say we are a family.
‘Stressing about our future'
The Family and Relationships Bill was passed in 2015. Nearly three years ago. It allows for the third option of a co-parent on the birth certificate, allowing me to register as my son's mother and my wife to register as a co-parent. In doing so they take on all the responsibilities of being their legal parent.
However not all sections of the Bill have been commenced yet.
Just this week the chief executive of the Children's Rights Alliance Tanya Ward described how this is really frustrating for many families who are still waiting for the recognition they are entitled to.
In the time that has passed since 2015 we have rallied anyone we could to write to TDs asking questions in an attempt to push things on. As so many LGBTQ parents have over the last few years, and in some cases decades. Each one despairing at the delay.
We understand it takes time to change things but this seems to be the last thing on the list.
Thankfully the rest of Irish society has moved on. Even in the hospital the staff didn't bat an eyelid at us as a married couple starting a family (apart from commenting how lucky we were to take turns having our children). It all seemed rather common and dare I say normal, whatever normal is for having babies.
In the months before giving birth, at a time I should have been enjoying being pregnant, I was stressing about our future. Spending my time writing and waiting for responses. No minister or department seemed to be owning it. I was passed from pillar to post, each department blaming the other for the delay.
The response in September was they hoped it would be in place by the end of 2017. Yet here we are at the end of January 2018 and still nothing. Most recently the response is early 2018.
I can't help but imagine a document sitting on a dusty desk in the Department of Justice just waiting for someone to pick it up and finish the job or the redesign of the birth certificate itself holding it all up.
Our choices are unclear. We hope to be allowed to change the birth certificate in the future but have no idea how hard that might be made for us and hundreds like us.
‘Far from a lone parent'
We've been here before. We married in December 2015. The right to marry started in November 2015, one month before our wedding.
We had the honour of being the first same-sex couple to marry in Roscommon, and given it voted no, it was an interesting and unplanned situation to find ourselves in. We had booked the wedding before the referendum, expecting a civil partnership.
I remember the joy at the time of getting properly married – and with the Family and Relationships Bill passed before that – I never worried about our family's future.
Two and a half years later we are still talking about this ridiculous situation that so many LGBTQ parents find themselves in, asked to declare their co-parent doesn't exist to get passports.
According to the State I am a lone parent. So should I apply for lone parents allowance? No, I can't do that because I'm far from a lone parent.
As we face into another important referendum, I just hope and pray they finish enacting changes faster in the future.
Right now there are only two things I can do, give my child a name that includes my wife's family and have a party welcoming our son to the world surrounded by family and friends that see my wife as also being my son's mother.
For now, at least, that bonds our two families until a time when we get someone else in the government to agree with us on paper.
Sarah Stone McDevitr is a married LGBTQ new mother originally from Sligo but living in Dublin for 20 years.
Connecticut opened an inquiry into how the personal information of millions of Facebook Inc. users came into the possession of U.K.-based Cambridge Analytica, the sophisticated data analytics firm that helped President Donald Trump win the 2016 election.
Reports that as many as 50 million profiles were tapped "raise serious questions about how this happened in the specific situation involving Cambridge Analytica and about Facebook's policies and practices," Connecticut Attorney General George Jepsen said Monday.
Facebook said in a March 16 blog post that Cambridge Analytica received some user data in 2014 through an app developer on its social network, violating its policies. Facebook said Cambridge Analytica certified in 2015 that it had destroyed the information, though Facebook is now calling that claim into question. Cambridge Analytica, based in London, has denied wrongdoing and said it didn't use the data in its work for Trump.
Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey opened a civil investigation and has already been in touch with Menlo Park, California-based Facebook, according to their spokesperson Emalie Gainey. The state's top law enforcement officer is examining the nature of the impacted data, how the data was used and what policies if any were violated, they said.
“We are in the process of conducting a comprehensive internal and external review as we work to determine the accuracy of the claims that the Facebook data in question still exists,” Paul Grewal, vice president and deputy general counsel at Facebook, said in a statement. “That is where our focus lies as we remain committed to vigorously enforcing our policies to protect people's information.”
These are just some of the illustrations I did in 2017.
Clients in this list: Arcturus Publishing, Flow magazine, Weekend magazine, Make Change, Motionlab, Nice Aprons, National Geographic, The Guardian
Bruins winger Jake DeBrusk brought father and former NHL enforcer Louie to tears Thursday night, after the 20-year-old Canadian scored their first goal in their NHL debut.
Following Boston's scoreless power play early in the second period, DeBrusk put one away for the home team, giving the Bruins a 2-1 lead over the Predators. The goal brought everyone inside TD Garden to their feet, including DeBrusk's family, in what would turn into a 4-3 Bruins' win.
Celebrating alongside Louis was DeBrusk's sister, Jordyn, who quickly garnered an abundance of attention on social media.
A model, Jordyn, has accumulated close to 4,000 followers on Instagram, where they regularly share bikini-clad selfies and snaps from vacations with friends and their hockey player boyfriend, Cole Linaker.
“Found a random man at the top of a mountain,” the blonde bombshell quipped of a shot from August.
We're certain DeBrusk approves of their sibling's significant other.
America's inner child had its heart broken this past week when Toys ‘R' Us permanently closed its remaining US stores. But Geoffrey the Giraffe, the retail chain's mascot, may not be leaving us for long.
The San Antonio Zoo would like to offer Geoffrey a new job as an ambassador for giraffe conservation and they're hoping Toys ‘R' Us would be willing to donate the rights to the character.
In a video posted to its YouTube channel, the zoo says, “We are passionate about securing a future for wildlife, and we'd like to secure a future for Geoffrey.”
In their nearly six decades with Toys ‘R' US, Geoffrey became a recognizable figure for the brand. They made appearances at company events and in TV commercials and inspired an entire line of Geoffrey-themed products.
Their face can even be seen issuing visitors an emotional goodbye on the company's website.
And a recent photo of a sad-looking Geoffrey leaving an empty Toys ‘R' Us store has more than 300,000 shares on Facebook.
The zoo believes Geoffrey now could use their celebrity to inspire future generations to protect giraffes, whose populations are estimated to be at less than 100,000 worldwide. This loss can be largely attributed to poaching, habitat loss and habitat fragmentation.
The zoo has started a GoFundMe campaign titled “Help San Antonio Zoo Save Geoffrey” to raise money for the Giraffe Conservation Foundation, a nonprofit dedicated to protecting Geoffrey's brothers and sisters in the wild.
Efforts by CNN to contact a representative of Toys ‘R' Us for a comment on this story were not immediately successful Tuesday.
U.S. Rep. Matt Gaetz, R-Fort Walton Beach, second from right, talks Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, about their efforts to have medical marijuana reclassified from a Schedule I drug to a Schedule III drug during the grand opening of Surterra Wellness in Pensacola. (Photo: Jody Link/online@pnj.com)
Two years ago, Felicia Duncan's young daughter, Emma, was having almost 70 seizures a week.
The 8-year-old's epilepsy was so severe, their family was afraid to let them walk on their own for fear they would collapse and injure herself. Duncan said their family tried 17 different seizure medicines — some of which brought harmful, unexpected side effects like kidney damage — but none of them helped.
Yet after just three months of treatment with medical cannabis, Emma is seizure-free and living a more fulfilling and independent life, according to their mother.
"She can ride a bike," Duncan said. "She can swim in a pool. They can play with their sisters. Things that I never thought would happen."
More: Pensacola man with epilepsy sues for access to medical marijuana
Many local families like the Duncans were on hand Monday to celebrate the grand opening of Surterra's new Pensacola Wellness Center, a medical cannabis dispensary at 5046 Bayou Blvd. The tidy little office sits in a strip mall with a cupcake store, and neatly dressed staff answered questions and filled prescriptions for a steady stream of patients.
The wellness center has already been serving area patients in store and with home deliveries, but U.S. Rep. Matt Gaetz, R-Fort Walton Beach, and several Surterra executives stopped by to formally celebrate the dispensary's arrival.
Surterra Wellness at 5046 Bayou Blvd. in Pensacola hosted a grand opening ceremony on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Surterra is one of just two local businesses in Pensacola licensed by the state to offer medical cannabis. (Photo: Jody Link/online@pnj.com)
Surterra is one of just two local businesses in Pensacola licensed by the state to offer medical cannabis products. Many patients said they were prescribed the medication for a variety of conditions that include cancer, epilepsy and multiple sclerosis.
Jake Bergmann, founder and CEO of Surterra, said they were skeptical about the medicinal value of medical cannabis before they started the business. After being convinced to do some research, Bergmann said they came to believe in the value of medicinal marijuana so much that they put their own savings into launching Surterra.
"We're doing something that's fundamentally good for people," Bergmann said. "We're saving lives."
More: Trulieve: Pensacola's medical marijuana industry needs more certified doctors
Gaetz said they were inspired to push for medical marijuana legislation after hearing too many stories of citizens whose health and quality of life suffered because they didn't have access to treatment, or because they were prescribed medicines that were addictive or carried harmful side effects.
"I fought for it in Florida," Gaetz said. "It's now legal in Florida. The next step is to make sure we don't have policies at the federal level that stop the type of innovation we're seeing in Pensacola today."
Surterra Wellness at 5046 Bayou Blvd. in Pensacola hosted a grand opening ceremony on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Surterra is one of just two local businesses in Pensacola licensed by the state to offer medical cannabis. (Photo: Jody Link/online@pnj.com)
Gaetz has authored a bill that would change medical cannabis from a Schedule I drug, on par with heroin, to a Schedule III drug. The change would mean the federal government could do more research of medicinal cannabis, as well as make it more accessible and better regulated.
"The federal government has been lying to the American people for a generation about cannabis," Gaetz said. "They've said it has no medical value. But just here today, we've seen people who used to be wheelchair-bound that are now off and moving around. We've seen people who have ... enhanced quality of life because of medical cannabis, and they've done so without side effects and without a lot of the negatives consequences that come from opioid use."
Surterra offers tincture oils, sprays, lotions and vaporizer pens to people who have been prescribed medical marijuana by a state qualified physician and who have successfully applied to Florida's Medical Marijuana Use Registry.
Insurance providers don't cover Surterra's products, but staff said they work to make the products accessible through competitive pricing. For example, a vaporizing pen costs $25, includes everything users need and last for 10 days.
More information on Surterra's products in available at surterra.com, and general guidance on medical cannabis guidelines is available through the Florida Department of Health.
Kevin Robinson can be reached at krobinson4@pnj.com or 850-435-8527.
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/news/2017/12/11/surterra-wellness-pensacola-medical-marijuana-dispensary/941577001/
Home > Events > Dante DeCaro is Performing LIVE on Basement Closet Sessions THIS Friday!
Dante DeCaro is Performing LIVE on Basement Closet Sessions THIS Friday!
CFUV is super hyped to have Dante DeCaro stop by the station this upcoming Friday! This talented former member of Hot Hot Heat, and current member of Wolf Parade has decided to do their own thing, and did exactly that by creating some incredible solo music. Dante will be showcasing their music on CFUV's Basement Closet Sessions this Friday at 3:00, so set your calendars and tune in! You don't want to miss out on this one!
Share Our Posts Share this post through social bookmarks.
Trackbacks Websites mentioned my entry. There are no trackbacks on this entry
Condé Nast revealed on Monday that consolidation plans underway will result in the publisher subleasing out more than a third of its headquarters at One World Trade Center.
The sublease of 350,000 of its 1 million square feet of office space will mean that the seven of the 23 floors in the 104 story tower now rented by Condé Nast will be up for grabs.
The price that Condé Nast paid for the space when it moved in back in 2014 couldn't be learned, but as an early showcase tenant, the price is estimated to be in the $50-per-square-foot range.
Space at WTC is currently estimated to be going for around $75 a foot — which could mean nearly an extra $15 million a year for a company that is scrambling to close last year's losses estimated at $100 million. Of course that annual savings will be dented by ongoing construction costs the first year.
The only offices not moving will be the floor where executives for Advance Publications, the parent of Conde, now reside on the 43rd floor. That's the floor where Newhouse family members such as Steve Newhouse, head of AdvanceNet, sits.
Conde Nast CEO Bob Sauerberg will be moving from the 42nd floor along with the other Conde Nast top brass including chief revenue officer Pamela Drucker Mann.
Also moving: Radhika's Jones' Vanity Fair on 41, Pitchfork and consumer marketing on 40, David Remnick's New Yorker on 38; lifestyle brands including Bon Appétit, the digital remnants of Self and Wired's New York office on 36.
A spokesperson said all the magazines will eventually be affected since space across the remaining 16 floors will be reconfigured with magazines sharing floors and the centralized copy editing and design teams on the same floors.
Architectural plans are still taking shape. For the floors that Conde is keeping, the plan is to renovate two floors at time. The whole process is expected to take 18 months but no start date has been set.
“Since we are living here and renovating at the same time, the lessees will move in once our new floors are completed,” said a spokesperson. “They say the NYC real estate market takes at least 9 months, ergo the listing now.” Realtor JLL is handling the sublease listing.
Maintenance man Fred Williams has recently celebrated their golden work anniversary at South Caernarfon Creameries, clocking up 50 years' service.
Starting out as a carpentry apprentice at the farmer-owned co-operative in 1967, fifty years later Fred's still working as hard as ever and has become a valued and trusted member of staff at South Caernarfon Creameries. As the co-operative has grown and evolved over the past fifty years, so has Fred's work, which no longer includes building the bodies of milk delivery floats and milk collection vans!
Fred Williams said “I've seen many changes over the years, staff and work wise but I have enjoyed, and still enjoy working at the creamery and have no regrets. There has been lots of fun and laughter in the last fifty years and I have made very good friends.”
Alan Wyn Jones, Managing Director said “During their service Fred will have seen enormous change in the workplace but they have always given 100% commitment and effort in every aspect of their work. Their long-service is a truly remarkable achievement. On behalf of all of their work colleagues, our Directors and farmer Members we all thank Fred for their loyal service to the Society and long may it continue.”
Committed family-man Fred has reduced their working hours to spend more time with their wife, children and grandchildren, but has no plans to retire to just yet!
For more information about South Caernarfon Creameries visit: sccwales.co.uk
Follow @insidefutbol
Liverpool defender Virgil van Dijk has admitted that Manchester City will be a hard team to play against and the Reds will have to be at 100 per cent or even more than that to beat the Citizens in the Champions League.
Jurgen Klopp's side are scheduled to take on the Premier League leaders in the Champions League quarter-finals with the first leg to be played on 4th April and the second leg on 10th April.
The two sides know each other well having already faced each other twice in the league, with the Reds conceding five goals the first time around at the Etihad Stadium and the second match at Anfield ending in a 4-3 win for Liverpool.
Van Dijk, who managed their Champions League debut for Liverpool in last month's 5-0 win against FC Porto, insists that their side will have to be more than 100 per cent to make sure that they come out as winners over the course of the two legs.
“Everybody knows that anyone we get is going to be very hard”, Van Dijk told their club's official website.
“Man City is a very good team, very hard to play against and we need to be 100 per cent or even better to beat them over two games.
“We can prepare for that when the time comes.”
Could sex for millennials get any worse? Late last month, researchers at Columbia uncovered a trend called “stealthing,” in which a man discreetly removes their condom during intercourse because they believe it's a man's right to “spread one's seed.” According to the study women are calling rape crisis hotlines with stories of this practice and there are, of course, Internet chat rooms devoted to it.
We can now add stealthing to the growing list of trends that make sex seem anything but enjoyable for young adults today, and which seem to explain why millennials are having less sex than any generation in 60 years, according to a study published last year. Some believe young, ambitious adults are letting their careers get in the way of their sexual pursuits. But if you think about the sexual experiences available to most millennials, it's a surprise more of them aren't taking lifetime vows of celibacy.
Take the ubiquity of online porn. According to a Barna Group study from last year, 57 percent of young adults (ages 18 to 24) report “seeking out” porn regularly, compared to only 41 percent of Gen-X adults. For many young men, porn seems to be supplanting relationships as a way to, well, get their jollies.
see also 'Stealthing' is the newest dangerous sex trend The latest bedroom trend doesn't have to do with a...
In their 2011 book, “Premarital Sex in America,” Mark Regnerus and Jeremy Uecker interview a young man who explains, “I think I like my own ‘personal time' as much as I like having intercourse.” Regnerus and Uecker write that “if porn-and-masturbation satisfies some of the male demand for intercourse — and it clearly does — it reduces the value of real intercourse.” With the supply of sexual outlets rising, the “cost of real sex can only go down, taking men's interest in making steep relationship commitments with it.”
But the effects of porn go even further than that. In a study in the Journal of Family Theory and Review, Kyler Rasmussen of the University of Calgary reviewed 600 pornography studies from the 1960s through 2014, and found that viewing porn “can reduce satisfaction with partners and relationships through contrast effects [i.e., where male viewers find their partners less attractive compared to the women they see in porn]; reduce commitment by increasing the appeal of relationship alternatives; and increase acceptance of infidelity.”
And if men aren't enjoying sex because the women don't look like porn stars, imagine how little women enjoy having to compete with porn stars. The number of women undergoing labiaplasty jumped 39 percent in the US from 2015 to 2016.
Meanwhile, there are plenty of ways to get sex outside of relationships now, thanks to technology. Apps like Tinder allow men and women to hook up with multiple partners within hours of each other if they like. And the technology allows people to keep such liaisons secret from their partners in ways that they never could have before.
see also I stealth and I'm proud “Stealthing” is the disturbing, non-consensual new trend that sees men...
It seems like paradise for some, but this much casual sex with strangers seems to be having discernible health consequences. The Centers for Disease Control reported a 19 percent increase in reported cases of syphilis, a 12.8 percent increase in gonorrhea cases and a 5.9 percent increase in chlamydia cases from 2014 to 2015. In New York alone reports of syphilis grew by 29 percent from 2015 to 2016, mostly among young adults.
Even college campuses, which were supposed to be fun places for young people to party before they had to get real jobs and wake up at a reasonable hour, are failing to bring much sexual satisfaction. One of the women in Lisa Wade's book, “American Hookup: The New Culture of Sex on Campus,” describes the atmosphere at college parties as “a bestial rubbing of genitals reminiscent of mating zebras.” After the initial excitement of finding out that sex was readily available, even the men Wade interviews seem kind of annoyed by the whole atmosphere.
Wade, a professor at Occidental College, finds that sexual encounters with women mean there is no possibility that a friendship can continue. After any hookup, there is a kind of contest to see who can care about it less. And in order for any sexual encounter to happen in the first place, everyone has to be rip-roaring drunk.
And let's not forget all the other problems that come when young people purposefully lose control of their senses and then hop into bed. Did anyone consent? Will someone be mad in the morning? Didn't the dean tell us to ask before unbuttoning someone's shirt? Couples married for decades can experience more fun and spontaneity than these kids who practically need a contract before getting undressed. When it comes to sex, at least, it seems youth is no longer wasted on the young.
More Videos
1:07 James Johnson talks about their time Heat and what's next
0:26 Heat's Dion Waiters talks about preparing for next season
0:54 Dragic: 'I would trade .500 for making the playoffs.'
1:21 Haslem: 'They have nothing to be ashamed of.'
2:43 Dragic on Nets decision to rest players: "Maybe they're just tired."
1:57 Whiteside on Waiters' comeback, Heat's turnaround
2:00 Dragic: "Everything we've worked for is to make the playoffs."
2:23 Haslem: 'Including the Big 3 teams, this is probably one of the more fun teams I've been around.'
2:22 Ellington: "We're excited about this road trip."
2:27 Dragic says Heat needs to get off better starts, execute late
0:38 Miami Heat's Goran Dragic on winning final games of the season
U.S. cyclist Lance Armstrong in Le Vernet, France, in July 2015. Stephane De Sakutin / AFP- Getty Images
From 2000 to 2004, the Postal Service paid Armstrong's team, the aptly named U.S. Postal Service Pro Cycling Team, a little more than $32 million, most of which went to Armstrong because they were the team's star rider, according to court filings.
But the government is seeking damages nearing $100 million, about three times what USPS paid in sponsorships to the Postal Service Team during periods that fall within the False Claims Act's statute of limitations.
Floyd Landis, a former teammate of Armstrong's, initially filed the suit in 2010, two years before Armstrong was stripped of their Tour de France titles and banned from professional cycling for life. Landis could receive as much as 25 percent of any potential damages
The Postal Service had previously paid the team about $10 million in a five-year sponsorship starting in 1995. The government isn't seeking repayment for those funds.
The government's case claims that Armstrong, their team's owner — Tailwind Sports Corp. — and the team's sporting director, Johan Bruyneel, violated the False Claims Act by taking payments from the Postal Service while “actively concealing the team's violations of the agreements' anti-doping provisions.”
The Justice Department didn't immediately return requests for comment.
Armstrong has argued that the government received substantial value from the sponsorship, citing in part the large chunks of broadcast coverage the team got while bearing Postal Service logos.
Armstrong's attorneys didn't immediately return requests for comment, but one of their lawyers, Elliot Peters, told
The Wall Street Journal: “There is no actual evidence of any quantifiable financial harm to the government.”
Either way, the wording in the ruling, filed by U.S. District Judge Christopher Cooper, suggests that the Postal Service team's success and the positive media exposure it provided may pose difficulties in winning full damages, primarily because it's hard to determine market value for “personal or professional services like those provided by the bicycle team.”
The government, Cooper wrote, “is not entitled to the return of all of its money, tripled no less, simply because it never would have sponsored a ‘doping' team.”
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
Birthdays and other special occasions are the time to really spoil the people you love with gifts that they would not get for themselves, or for kids, something that will make them jump for joy. For many kids and adults, a dirt bike is the ultimate dream. Dirt bikes are so much fun to ride, and can help build confidence and coordination as well. If your loved one has been begging for a dirt bike, this is the perfect time to surprise them with this ultimate gift. In this article we are going to go over some of the best beginner dirt bikes on the market today for both kids and adults. Make sure to familiarize yourself a bit with the ins and outs of dirt bike engines and mechanics so that you get them the bike that is perfect for their size, skill level and passion for the sport! We'll go over recommendations for weight limits and skill level in the product descriptions below, as well
1. Taotao DB17 125cc Dirt Bike
Here is a perfect dirt bike for teen and adult beginners. This bike has a 125CC, 4-stroke, 1-cylinder engine. Tehe front and rear brakes are both hydraulic disc brakes, with the front brake being hand controlled and the rear a foot brake. The all-terrain front tire is 70/100 and the rugged rear tire is 90/100. Both rims are steel, the front rim is 1.6 x 17 while the rear is 1.8 x 14. This bike has manual gear controls and a tall seat height, with more ground clearance for off roading. Note – This bike cannot ship to some cities in Washington state. You must add a phone number to the delivery instructions when you order this bike, because delivery must be scheduled with the freighter.
Price: $695
2. Apollo DB-007 125cc Dirt Bike
Here is another great option for teens and adults, from the trusted brand Apollo. This bike is 125cc with a single cylinder, 4-stroke engine. It has a four speed manual clutch and a seat height of 36.5 inches. The front and rear wheels are both 17/14″ and the bike can hold a max weight of 200lb. The suspension is non-adjustable. The max speed is 55 mph so this is a good bike for intermediate riders.
Price: $669
3. Apollo Agb-36 250cc Dirt Bike
Here is a more powerful bike for advanced or intermediate level adult riders. This Apollo dirt bike has a 250cc, 4-stroke engine. It has five speeds and a manual transmission. The tires are larger, with a 21″ front tire and 18″ rear tire. The brakes are super powerful and fast acting hydraulic disc brakes on the front and rear. This is an awesome off roadign bike, with an adjustable rear suspension for maximum comfort and maneuverabilty. This bike can reach speeds of 65mph so it is best for riders with some experience.
Price: $1,400
4. Razor MX400 Dirt Rocket 24V Electric Toy Motocross Motorcycle Dirt Bike
This electric dirt bike is scaled down to fit kids perfectly. The 12″ wheels have pneumatic knobby tires for high level of control on the dirt or on the sidewalk. This bike is easy for young riders top operate because it is single speed and powered by a 350 Watt electric motor, so there is no kick-start needed. The motor is high torque with a twist grip throttle control, and the bike has a maximum speed of 14 miles per hour. This is a thrilling speed for youngsters, but still slow enough to be safe. The riser handlebars are adjustable, so the bike can grow with your kid and keep the throttle and brake within arms reach at all times. This bike is recommended for ages 13 and up.
Price: $319.99
5. Razor MX350 Dirt Rocket Electric Motocross Bike
Here is another awesome electric dirt bike from Razor. This one is a bit less expensive, and is super popular for first time riders. This bike is recommended for kids ages 13 and up and goes up to 12 miles per hour. It runs super quietly and has a chain driven single speed motor with a twist grip throttle control. The rear brake is hand operated for easy access. It also features a fold down kick stand, folding foot pegs, adjustable rider handlebars and a 24V rechargable battery system. This kids dirt bike has received multiple toy awards and has been featured in Sports Illustrated for Kids.
Price: $204.74
6. Tao Tao Dirt bike DB10
This full sized dirt bike from Tao Tao is reasonably priced and awesome for new adult riders. This dirt bike has a four stroke, single cylinder, 110CC air cooled motor. The engine is kick-started and this bike is the newest model in this series. This is a fully automatic dirt bike, meaning no gear shifts are needed while speeding down the track. The top speed is 25 mph, making this a perfect entry level bike. This bike requires a freight shipment, so make sure to include your phone number in shipping instructions so that delivery can be scheduled.
Price: $587
7. Razor SX500 Mcgrath Dirt Rocket Electric Motocross Bike
This electric dirt bike was inspired by one of the greatest motocross riders, Jeremy McGrath. This is a smaller version of McGraths big bike and has genuine dirtbike geometry in a smaller form. It has authentic McGrath graphics and fairing design so that little guys can ride just like the pros. This bike has a high-torque, variable speed motor for ultimate power and control. This dirt bike is capable of speeds up to 15 mph and can run for up to 40 minutes of continuous use. The rechargable batteries are recommended to be charged for 12 hours in between uses. SOme of the extra features on this bike include disc brakes, large knobby tires, lightweight aluminum wheels, adjustable riser handlebars, soft rubber grips, a double crown fork, folding foot pegs and a retractable kickstand. This bike is ready to go!
Price: $399
8. Roketa Dirt Bike-08-250(LHJ)
This powerful 250cc, air cooled motor dirt bike from Roketa is ready to hit the tracks for some serious riding! This kick-start 4-stroke engine is super powerful and has five speeds for a high level of control so that you can maximise yoru speed around the track or on the back roads. This bike is a real gas saver too, getting up to 100 mpg. The ignition is a CDI ignition and the bike has powerful disc brakes on both the front and rear wheels. This dirt bike is extremely powerful, but it is not carb approved, so it is therefore not street legal in California.
Price: $1,670
9. Roketa Dirt Bike AGB-21
Here is a less powerful version of a Roketa dirt bike. This model would be great for first time riders, as it is only 70cc so it is not too much power to handle while they get used to riding the bike. This dirt bike has a 4-stroke kick-start engine, single cylinder, and CDI ignition. The brakes are disc and drum brakes, so they are very fast acting and safe. This bike is not street legal because it has a max speed of about 25 mph. This bike is a good size for kids aged 12 and up or for adults.
Price: $679
10. Razor MX650 Rocket Electric Motocross Bike
Finally, here is a compact electric motocross bike that is great for kids. This bike has a 650 Watt motor and authentic dirt bike frame geometry, so kids that learn on this bike can easily move on to regular sized dirt bikes with no problem. This bike goes up to 17 mph at its max speed, which is great for kids because it feels super fast, but also great for parents because it is safe. The bike has dual suspension and riser handlebars for a smooth and comfortable ride. The pneumatic knobby tires make this bike easy to maneuver on both pavement and in the dirt. This bike is recommended for ages 16 and over and has a max weight limit of 220 lb.
Price: $463.99
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
WWE made drastic changes to both the Raw and SmackDown rosters with last week's superstar shakeup, and among the swaps was a commentary table trade. David Otunga, who served as the third voice on SmackDown Live alongside Tom Phillips and John Bradshaw Layfield, will be switching to Raw in place of Byron Saxton, who debuted on SmackDown last Tuesday.
Otunga was not a part of Raw last week, however, and he'll be out for at least the next six weeks to shoot an upcoming movie titled Katrina. WWE revealed Monday that in their place will be a former Raw commentator who had been relegated to pay-per-view kickoff shows.
Via WWE.com:
“While new Raw commentator David Otunga is spending the next six weeks shooting “Katrina,” an upcoming action film, WWE Hall of Famer Booker T will be temporarily joining Michael Cole and Corey Graves at the Team Red announce desk.”
A man flying a drone near the half-marathon finish line in lower Manhattan on Sunday set off a terrorism scare that sent cops scrambling by land, sea and air to...
Running a marathon — or a half-marathon, for that matter — is one of the most physically and mentally challenging endeavors a person can undertake. The weeks of discipline and...
CAIRO — Egypt has put on display ancient artifacts recently retrieved from Italy after they were confiscated by the Italian police months ago.
Sabah Abdel-Razek, the general director of the Egyptian Museum, told The Associated Press on Wednesday that the artifacts include five burial masks, 11 vessels, 151 small statutes and over 20,000 coins from different eras.
Egyptian authorities have said the artifacts were likely excavated and smuggled out of the country in secret, as no museum has records of them.
Egypt says it has retrieved around 1,000 artifacts from 10 different countries over the past two years.
French President Emmanuel Macron has called for the swift launch of a five-nation African anti-terror force following Sunday's murderous attack on a restaurant in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou.
Macron spoke by phone to Burkina Faso's President Roch Marc Christian Kaboré on Monday after 18 people were killed and about 10 injured in the attack on a Turkish restaurant frequented by foreigners.
They expressed France's solidarity "in this new ordeal faced by Burkina Faso" and repeated their intention to deepen contacts between the two countries, a statement by the French presidency said.
The pair discussed efforts to identify the victims and the authors.
French prosecutors have opened an terrorism investigation after one of the victims was identified as being a French citizen and Turkey has said another was one of its nationals.
G5 Sahel force
The two presidents agreed on the "urgency of putting into practice the decisions take during the 2 July Bamako summit and speed up the launching of the G5 force", the statement announced.
The Bamako summit, which was addressed by Macron, brought together five countries - Burkina Faso, Mali, Chad, Mauritania and Niger - to discuss a military force they will set up to fight jihadism, smuggling and people trafficking in the Sahel region.
The force, which is intended to have 5,000 troops to start with, will supplement France's operation Barkhane and the UN's Minusma mission in Mali.
But it has faced problems with finance, with UN funding blocked by the US on the Security Council and Chad saying it is already overstretched by other anti-terror operations.
Macron and Kaboré will contact the leaders of the other G5 countries in the next few days to "pursue this mobilisation", the Elysée statement said.
Wednesday's federal court hearing into seized documents that are part of a criminal investigation into the business dealings of Michael Cohen, President Trump's longtime personal lawyer, became — for the most part — a fight about Michael Avenatti, the colorful lawyer representing Stormy Daniels.
"This proceeding is about the keeping of confidential privileged information but it's been turned on its head by Avenatti," Cohen's lawyer, Steve Ryan, argued to US District Judge Kimba Wood.
Ultimately, though, Wood didn't rule on Avenatti's request to appear in the matter on Wednesday, and, shortly after the hearing, they withdrew the motion — putting off any ruling for the time being — but promised to keep up their very public fight.
The parties also detailed the difficulties they are having reviewing materials and, in some cases, accessing the material seized in the April 9 raids on Cohen's properties. Most notably, government lawyers explained that they are still working to piece back together materials seized from a paper shredder and access two remaining Blackberrys.
Avenatti represents Daniels, the adult film star whose legal name is Stephanie Clifford, and had sought to be involved in the challenge, as they say some of the seized documents may involve privileged information between their client and their former lawyer. Cohen had arranged the $130,000 payment to Daniels to stop them from speaking publicly about their alleged relationship with Trump.
Avenatti had filed a pro hac vice application, which allows lawyers to practice in jurisdictions they are not licensed in, as they are not licensed to practice in federal court in New York — but Cohen and Trump's lawyers vehemently fought against the application.
"I've practiced law for 37 years and never risen to oppose a pro hac vice application," Steve Ryan, Cohen's lawyer, said, claiming that having to oppose Avenatti's involvement "shakes me to my boots."
Ryan called Avenatti's recent release of Cohen's financial information "a premeditated drive-by shooting" of Cohen's rights.
"Releasing those records was entirely reckless and improper," declared Ryan. "He intended to cause harm to my client and they did."
Ryan, in a point later picked up on by the judge, also pointed out that Avenatti had made over 170 appearances on television discussing Cohen.
Trump's lawyer, Joanna Hendon, also argued that Avenatti was trying to just get media attention, noting there was a podium set up outside the courtroom with eight microphones (after every Cohen hearing so far, Avenatti has spoken to the press).
"I don't think that podium is there for Michael Cohen or Steve Ryan or for me," Hendon said.
One of Ryan's arguments for why Avenatti should not be permitted to appear in the matter is that their law firm, Eagan Avenatti, is currently part of a bankruptcy proceeding.
"That firm has never represented my client," said Avenatti, instead arguing it was Avenatti & Associates who represent Daniels.
Hendon, though, offered up evidence to the court of emails sent to Trump on behalf of Daniels from attorneys — including Avenatti — that used the email address of Eagan Avenatti as recently as last week. Hendon argued that the court should be concerned "when someone, especially a lawyer, is prepared to not be straight-forward ... misleading on the tiniest of matters."
Wood told Avenatti that unless they continued with their motion to intervene in proceedings, they would be unable to speak in court again.
Wood also noted that Avenatti would need to "stop doing some things you're doing" if they were to be involved, particularly in relation to speaking publicly about the case.
"You'd have to change your conduct," said the judge. They noted that Cohen and Trump's lawyers were trying to "stop in its tracks your publicity tour on TV and elsewhere. ... I either want you to participate or not be in the matter at all."
Shortly after the hearing finished, Avenatti withdrew the pro hac vice application — noting in the filing that they would refile, if needed, should the court schedule a hearing on Daniels' underlying motion to intervene in the Cohen matter.
POKER
A triple barrel's worth of PokerStars tales including a round-up from their inaugural Online High Roller Series, we check in with the PokerStars Championship in Prague and tip you off about a new PokerStars shop on Amazon.
I often wonder if partypoker was standing next to a geyser, and nobody was looking, if PokerStars would push them in, grinning as their bones were boiled clean?
Yes, I get it, it's good for poker that partypoker have finally got their act together and are applying some severe pressure on Stars' cranial nerves, but things must have been a lot chirpier in Stars Towers when they had everything their own way.
While partypoker was proving their capability of migrating their MILLIONS brand to the online realm, handing out $1m to Jon Van Fleet, the largest online poker room this side of the cobweb that connects fan blades in my hotel room, was finishing off their online High Roller Series.
I like to think that PokerStars $11m GTD 22-event series was more of a Minimal Viable Product (MVP), a toe in the water, to see if anything bites. The series was a success with over $14m paid out over the course of the series, and a few familiar names were taking down titles.
We already know that Fedor ‘CrownUpGuy” Holz took down Event #1 $2,100 NLHE, beating 442 entrants, to bank $178,498, but they didn't repeat. T-Macha and MITS 304 did. MITS 304 beat 257 entrants to win Event #8: $2,100 NLHE 8-Max for $82,615.05, and then went on to win Event #20: $2,100 PLO 6-Max topping 220 entrants to stick another $85,020.23 in the bank. T-Macha from the UK won two of the biggest tournaments of the series taking down Event #11: $10,300 NLHE Progressive KO, overcoming 130 entrants to win the $142,470.84 first prize, and then Event #15: $5,200 NLHE 8-Max, outlasting 149 entrants to take home another $156,377.32.
The UK was the most prolific country in the series, taking down three titles, those two from T-Macha, and a third from Talal ‘raidalot' Shakerchi. The philanthropist wasn't in a very giving mood when they outmanoeuvred 233 entrants in Event #4: $2,100 NLHE 8-Max Progressive KO for $45,470.53.
Other well-known names who grabbed a prize or two were Simon “C.Darwin2” Mattsson, who beat 510 entrants to take the first prize of $45,290.72 in Event #3. $1,050 NLHE 8-Max Turbo Progressive KO. And Pot-Limit Omaha (PLO) hero, Pedro “Zagalo87” Zagalo, continued their impressive year by adding $130,390,08 to their bank account after winning Event #9: $5,200 PLO 6-Max. Zagalo won the $25,000 buy-in PLO High Roller at the World Championships of Online Poker (WCOOP) earlier this year for $419,038.62.
Finally, the $2m Guaranteed $2,100 Main Event attracted 1135 entrants, and Sanderssi from Finland earned $294,685.23 after cutting a four-way deal in a top four that eventually looked like this.
Main Event Top Four
1. Sanderssi – $294,685.23
2. Jutrack – $226.162.26
3. Maz&Yauskas – $226,501.89
4. MATT HOLVIK – $225,689.88.
Full List of Results
1. $2,100 NLHE (442 entrants) – Fedor ‘CrownUpGuy' Holz – $178,498
2. $2,100 5-Card PLO 6-Max (121 entrants) BlackFortuna – $54,404.19
3. $1,050 NLHE 8-Max Turbo Progressive KO (510 entrants) Simon “C.Darwin2” Mattsson – $45,290.72
4. $2,100 NLHE 8-Max Progressive KO (233 entrants) Talal “raidalot” Shakerchi – $45,470.53
5. $1,050 NLHE 6-Max Shootout (166 entrants) 23noraB – $44,000,000
6. $10,400 NLHE (118 entrants) Robert “PlayaPlz” Lipkin $258,639.41
7. $2,100 NLHE Turbo Progressive KO (331 Entrants) SiiliSuhonen – $62,269.79
8. $2,100 NLHE 8-Max – (257entrants) MITS 304 – $82,615.05
9. $5,200 PLO 6-Max (116 entrants) Pedro “Zagalo87” Zagalo – $130,390,08
10. $2,100 NLHE 6-Max Turbo (229 entrants) GotURead $88,498.31
11. $10,300 NLHE Progressive KO (130 entrants) T-Macha – $142,470.84
12. $2,100 NLHE Turbo (265 entrants) hello_totti – $101,912.30
13. $2,100 NLHE 6-Max (204 entrants) Graftekkel – $80,061.07
14. $1,050+R NLHE (100 entrants) VbV1990 – $64,291.42
15. $5,200 NLHE 8-Max (149 entrants) T-Macha $156,377.32
16. $2,100 NLO8 6-Max (114 entrants) BERRI SWEET – $51,256.82
17. $1,050 NLHE 3-Max Zoom PKO (497 entrants) OLD TIME GIN – $37,309.92
18. $5,200 NLHE Progressive KO (246 entrants) Dimitar “Kuul” Danchev – $118,256.62
19. $2,100 NLHE Main Event (1135 entrants) Sanderssi – $294,685.23
20. $2,100 PLO 6-Max – (220 entrants) MITS 304 – $85,020.23
21. $1,050 NLHE 8-Max Turbo (722 entrants) ruthless848 – $122,913.93
22. $1,050 NLHE Wrap Up (424 entrants) Storimos – $76,354.04
Jasper Van Putten Wins the €10,300 NLHE 8-Handed
Meanwhile, in a freezing part of the world known as Prague, the PokerStars Championship is making an appearance for the very first time. Last year, Prague was the final resting place of the European Poker Tour (EPT) and the team will be hoping things pick up after only 49 entrants took part in the opening €10,300 NLHE 8-Handed High Roller.
The winners check went to a man who feels quite at home in Prague, the winner of that last ever EPT Main Event, Jasper Van Putten, who beat Preben Stokkan in heads-up action earning €150,000 in the process. Norwegian Stokkan is on a bit of a roll after winning the $10,300 High Roller at the partypoker Caribbean Poker Party for $275,000, before finishing sixth in the Main Event at that festival for $150,000. Sam Greenwood, who won that Main Event for $1m, finished seventh in this one.
Final Table Results
1. Jasper Van Putten – €150,000
2. Preben Stokkan – €108,000
3. Timothy Adams – €69,000
4. Markus Dürnegger – €52,200
5. Quan Zhou – €40,400
6. Bean Heath – €30,800
7. Sam Greenwood – €24,900
PokerStars Set Up Shop on Amazon
Finally, PokerStars is offering poker fans the opportunity to buy some branded goods this yuletide season after setting up shop on Amazon. For the time being, only people residing in the UK can purchase the chipsets, dealer buttons and playing cards. PokerStars aim to roll out the shop to more countries shortly. It's the first time PokerStars has sold their merchandise for cash value.
Comments
Spencer Platt/Getty Images(NEW YORK) — Harvey Weinstein was indicted Wednesday on charges of rape in the first and third degrees and criminal sex act in the first degree, Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. announced.
Weinstein, who did not testify before the grand jury, had previously been charged through a criminal complaint that did not require them to enter a plea.
Their attorney, Benjamin Brafman, has signaled that the producer will plead not guilty at their arraignment.
“This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which they are now charged. Our office will try this case not in the press, but in the courtroom where it belongs,” Vance Jr. said in a statement.
“The defendant's recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable. We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand. This investigation remains active and ongoing.”
Brafman noted in a statement that the indictment was not a surprise.
“We asked the district attorney for more time so that Mr. Weinstein's attorneys could gather the material needed to properly prepare them for their grand jury testimony but that request was denied. We remind everyone that an indictment is merely a formal accusation,” they said.
“Mr. Weinstein intends to enter a plea of not guilty and vigorously defend against these unsupported allegations that they strongly deny. We will soon formally move to dismiss the indictment and if this case actually proceeds to trial, we expect Mr. Weinstein to be acquitted.”
Weinstein, 66, has been accused by dozens of women of sexual misconduct and has been investigated by the New York City Police Department, the Manhattan District Attorney's Office, the New York Attorney General's Office, the Los Angeles Police Department and U.K. authorities. They have denied all allegations of non-consensual sex.
Last week, they were arrested, processed and charged with rape, criminal sex act, sex abuse and sexual misconduct for alleged incidents involving two separate women, police said. The criminal sex act charge stems from an allegation brought by Lucia Evans, who told the New Yorker magazine last year that Weinstein forced them to perform a sex act in 2004 during what they thought was a business meeting. The rape charge stems from an allegation by a woman who has not been publicly identified.
Weinstein is currently free on $1 million bail.
On Tuesday, Brafman told reporters that Weinstein had had a 10-year consensual relationship with the woman they have been accused of raping, both before and after the alleged 2013 attack. Brafman also expressed concern that Weinstein might not be able to get a fair trial.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Steve Stephens, accused of killing a person live on Facebook, in an undated photo provided Sunday by Cleveland police. Cleveland Division of Police
In a series of posts Sunday on what authorities said was Stephen's Facebook page, the suspect complained they had “lost everything” to gambling. The posts named specific people with whom the user wanted to speak. They wrote that they had “killed 12 people today” — and wouldn't stop until they could speak to their mother and a second woman.
A later post read: “I killed 15 today because of [the second woman.]” The user referred to the purported killings as their “Easter day slaughter.” Williams, the police chief, said Monday “there are not other victims that we know of.”
NBC News archived the Facebook posts before the account was removed. “This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook,” the company said in a statement.
Williams said Monday afternoon that authorities had spoken to several people with whom Stephens had contact and that they had been cooperative with the investigation. They would not specify if this included Stephens' mother or the second woman.
An NBC News crew went to an address listed for the Stephens mother but were turned away by police who were already there.
Williams said that authorities were not aware of one specific event that could have led to the killing, adding “I don't think there is any rhyme of reason for this happening.”
Authorities initially said Sunday that the suspect “broadcast the killing on Facebook Live,” the social network's live video platform, but a spokesperson later said the disturbing footage was recorded and uploaded. Stevens did use Facebook Live at least once on Sunday, the spokesperson said.
Williams has not addressed the details of the Facebook posts, but said: “If Steve has an issue, they need to talk to folks to get that resolved.”
“Steve, I know you have relationships with the clergy out here,” Williams added. “I encourage you to call them and turn yourself in.”
Gary Jackson, a longtime friend of Stephens, told NBC News that when the two spoke last Thursday, everything seemed fine.
Jackson, 47, said Stephens mentored foster kids — Beech Brook, a children's mental health center, confirmed their employment — and said they were stunned that their friend is accused of such a horrific crime.
In Jackson's view, it was Stephens' personal turmoil that spun them out of control.
“I don't think he's killed those 14, 15 people,” they said. “From what I know of them that's just them calling out for help.”
Jackson added that they sent Stephens a text making sure that their friend knew as much.
“Whatever it is hurting you — you're about to put that pain on somebody else,” Jackson said they told Stephens. “That ain't right.”
By Sunday night, Jackson hadn't heard back.
Come Spring 2017, Cal Poly students across all majors will be able to minor in entrepreneurship.
Orfalea College of Business' 24-unit minor provides the foundation for learning to grow a business with classes such as Introduction to Entrepreneurship (BUS 310), Introduction to Design Thinking (ENGR 234) and Business Basics for Entrepreneurs (BUS 210).
“The classes will teach you to be a leader,” Charmaine Farber, creative director of the Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship (CIE), said.
Students graduating with the entrepreneurship minor will gain valuable skills regardless of whether they choose to pursue a start-up business after college.
“They will have negotiation and design skills, creative ways to attack problems and skills in presenting and pitching business ideas,” entrepreneurship minor coordinator Jonathan York said.
The first group admitted into the test phase of the minor is a group of students who will start the program in Spring 2017. However, more spaces will open up in the fall when the program is officially scheduled to launch, according to York.
“It's almost like a pilot project,” York said. “We will see how many students enrolled and where the demand is.”
Students with credit in Introduction to Entrepreneurship (BUS 310) and involvement in the CIE have preference in the selection process, but are not guaranteed a spot.
By learning more about how to sell an idea, students can take the knowledge they learn in these classes and move them to the CIE's Hatchery, a room in Cotchett Education Building (building 2) on campus that serves as a space for students to brainstorm the logistics of beginning a start-up company.
From the Hatchery, the SLO HotHouse would provide the next level for student entrepreneurs who want to develop their business even more.
Examples of start-ups that participate in the HotHouse include Current Solutions, a platform that gives victims of sexual assault the opportunity to share their story, and BoltAbout, a business that allows students to rent bikes at a monthly cost.
“It's about working together to see an idea and carry it through to execution, what would an employer not like about that?” Farber said.
Correction: A previous version of this article stated that the minor would be available Fall 2017. It has been corrected to say Spring 2017.
A sonar image from 2015 shows an outline of the U.S. Coast Guard cutter called the McCulloch.
It took just a half hour to sink but a century to be found.
The U.S. Coast Guard announced on Tuesday (June 13) that it had located the sunken remains of the McCulloch, 100 years after the ship was lost off the coast of Southern California.
When the McCulloch launched in 1896, it was the largest cruising cutter built at the time, at 219 feet (67 meters) long, with a capacity to hold 130 crewmembers during wartime. The vessel saw action in the Battle of Manila Bay in 1898, during the Spanish-American War. Afterward, it was used to run patrols up and down the U.S. Pacific coast, and it operated in the Bering Sea Patrol, serving as a floating courtroom for remote Alaskan towns and as a base for officers to enforce fur seal regulations.
When the U.S. got involved in World War I, in April 1917, the McCulloch was put under the command of the U.S. Navy for patrol duties. During a fateful trip from San Pedro to San Francisco on June 13, 1917, the McCulloch encountered the SS Governor, a passenger steamship, traveling in the opposite direction. [See Photos of the Sunken McCulloch Shipwreck]
The McCulloch had a 20-year career that included battles in the Spanish-American war and patrols along the Alaskan coast. Credit: Mare Island Museum
The ships collided in the thick fog. Just a half hour later, the McCulloch upended and sank, off Point Conception, California. All of the crew were taken onboard the SS Governor alive, though John Arvid Johansson, the water tender who managed the boilers in the engine room, had been badly injured in the wreckage and died a few days later.
"As the 100th anniversary was approaching, we decided it would be a fitting tribute to the ship and their crew to wait and make the announcement June 13," Dan Dewell, a public affairs officer with the 11th Coast Guard District in California, told Live Science.
Previous underwater surveys in the area had identified a possible shipwreck site, Dewell said. And in October 2016, a joint training mission by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) and the Coast Guard set out to further investigate.
A remotely operated vehicle (ROV) that was designed to look for historic shipwrecks was deployed from the Channel Islands National Marine Sanctuary's research vessel Shearwater, and it caught footage of the sunken vessel's steel skeleton, draped with anemones.
Though the ship's hull and decks had been destroyed by wood-boring organisms, the McCulloch still retained some of its giveaway details. Using historic photos and records of the vessel, the researchers were able to match its 11-foot (3 m) bronze propeller, the 15-inch (38 centimeters) torpedo tube set in the bow stem, the steam engine and boilers, among other features.
Dewell said the Coast Guard has not yet made plans for further research, but the site is protected under the U.S. Sunken Military Craft Act of 2004, which means that no part of the vessel can be disturbed or removed.
Original article on Live Science.
04/17/17 – 3:20 P.M.
Owens Community College Findlay-Area Campus will be collecting recyclable electronics. The recycling drive will be in their B/C parking lot on Bright Road from 10 a.m to 2 p.m. on Thursday. The college is asking area residents to bring in used electronic devices such as computers, cell phones, and cameras. They will not be taking large appliances, televisions, or batteries.
The drive is part of a collaborative effort with a national environmental program called Recycle I.T. The electronics will either be refurbished or broken down for recycle-specific organizations.
Police are investigating a serious assault of a man outside Anfield before Liverpool's Champions League semi-final match with Roma.
Merseyside Police said the attack happened at about 19:35 BST outside the Albert pub on Walton Breck Road.
There were clashes between Liverpool and Roma supporters shortly before kick-off.
About 80 Roma fans are thought to have used a side road to reach an area populated by Liverpool supporters.
One supporter was seen motionless on the road and BBC Sport footage showed another fan carrying a hammer.
Image caption Supporter seen with a hammer outside Anfield
Trouble broke out behind the Kop End, with reports of Roma supporters attacking home fans.
Sunday Times football correspondent Jonathan Northcroft tweeted: "Roma fans have just attacked Liverpool supporters with belts, outside the Albert. One guy down getting treatment.
"The Roma group came out of Venmore Street, and attack was sudden."
They added: "Roma group were chased down the street before police arrived."
Police are appealing for anyone with video footage or information to contact them.
There was an increased police presence around the stadium after Manchester City's team bus was attacked before their Champions League quarter-final with Liverpool earlier this month.
Liverpool were charged by European football's governing body Uefa for throwing cans, bottles and flares at the bus.
Did you witness anything? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.
You can also contact us in the following ways:
Dennis Edwards, a former frontman of The Temptations whose gravelly and commanding vocals powered a string of chart-topping R&B hits, has died. They were 74.
“He is now at peace, and our love and prayers go out to their family,” Otis Williams, the last original surviving member of the Motown group, said in a statement on Facebook.
“At this moment and always, we acknowledge their extraordinary contribution to The Temptations legacy, which lives on in the music,” Williams added.
The baritone singer died at a hospital in Chicago sometime Thursday night or Friday morning of complications from an unspecified illness, their manager, Toby Ludwig, told Reuters.
Edwards, who replaced the silky-voiced David Ruffin as lead singer of The Temptations in 1968, sang lead on hits like “Papa Was a Rollin' Stone” and “I Can't Get Next to You.”
They parted ways with The Temptations in 1977, around the time the group left the legendary Motown label to sign with Atlantic Records. They came back and left again several times in the 1980s, as disco and hip-hop overtook easy-listening soul on the pop charts.
Edwards, who lived outside St. Louis and would have turned 75 on Saturday, was inducted into the Rock and Rock Hall of Fame in 1989, as a member of The Temptations.
They also tried their hand at a solo career, releasing three albums and scoring hits like “Don't Look Any Further” and “Coolin' Out.”
Dennis Edwards, former lead, singer of the #Temptations. I went to visit them at @RushMedical. They slept away. In their life they inspired millions around the world. We shall all remember him. So talented.  They are above #CloudNine, going higher. RIP my brother beloved. pic.twitter.com/yg888HnOWz — Rev Jesse Jackson Sr (@RevJJackson) February 2, 2018
R&B fans paid tribute on social media, and the civil rights activist Jesse Jackson Sr. tweeted that Edwards “inspired millions around the world.”
“He is above #CloudNine, going higher,” Jackson tweeted, dropping a reference to The Temptations' 1968 hit track — the first of their singles to include Edwards in the lineup.
Volunteers worked to post hundreds of flags, which could be sponsored or purchased in honor of a service member.
On Memorial Day, the flags that were bought could be picked up, and the remaining flags were taken down following a closing ceremony.
During the ceremony, state Rep. Susan Lynn, R-Mt. Juliet, Wilson County Mayor Randall Hutto and Don Wright with the Exchange Club gave remarks. Dignitaries from Mt. Juliet and county government and Mrs. Wilson County and Mrs. Tennessee Globe Denise Byrd were recognized and thanked for their attendance.
Several people were treated to an aerial view by way of a ladder truck courtesy of Mt. Juliet fire Chief Jamie Luffman.
Nikolas Cruz recorded several testimonial videos on their cellphone before allegedly opening fire at their former high school in Parkland, Florida, outlining their plans to kill at least 20 people with an AR-15 because their "life is meaningless."
The Broward County state attorney released the footage Wednesday in preparation for a possible death penalty trial. Although authorities did not say when the three videos were made, they help provide a glimpse into what spurred the 19-year-old to allegedly kill 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School on Valentine's Day.
In the footage, Cruz repeatedly discusses their desire to be known and recognized, for their classmates to know who they are, and to end their "lone" life of "seclusion and solitude." Prosecutors are likely to use the footage to show that Cruz visualized and planned details of the attack, such as taking an "Uber in the afternoon before 2:40 p.m." in advance. Premeditation is key in proving a capital murder case.
Cruz, who faces 17 counts of first-degree murder and 17 counts of attempted first-degree murder, is being held at the Broward County jail in an isolated, single-person cell. They have a history of mental health issues and violent, erratic behavior, which have been documented in numerous police and school therapy reports.
In the first cellphone clip, wearing a neon green shirt, baseball cap, and headphones, Cruz introduces themselves as "Nik."
"I am going to be your next school shooter of 2018," they tell the camera, outlining their plan to "kill at least 20 people with an AR-15" in Parkland.
"It's going to be a big event and when you see me on the news you will all know who I am," they declare before laughing.
"You are all going to die," they continue, making the shooting sounds "pew pew pew."
"Aw yeah. Can't wait," they say before cutting from the camera.
In a different video, with the camera pointed at a black cast sticking out of an orange sweatshirt, Cruz lays out "his plan" of arriving at the school around 2:40 p.m., unloading their bags, and targeting people in the main courtyard.
On Feb. 14, authorities say Cruz took an Uber to school, arriving on campus at 2:19 p.m. carrying a duffle bag stocked with an AR-15 rifle and a backpack full of ammunition. Police say they confessed to the attack shortly after officers arrested them near campus.
From the discovery of gravitational waves to locating our nearest Earth-like planetary neighbor, 2016 was a banner year for astronomy. In fact, it's not only been a good year for space science, but a great few decades. Many of the biggest puzzles in astronomy and cosmology have been solved.
Engineers and technicians assemble the James Webb Space Telescope on Nov. 2, 2016 at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center. Alex Wong / Getty Images
Take the age of the universe. A century ago, we could say only that the universe was very old. There was no way to find a precise number. Now, thanks to detailed maps showing the faint echo of the Big Bang — what astronomers call the "cosmic microwave background" — we know the universe is 13.82 billion year old, give or take 10 million years. It's a staggering achievement in "precision cosmology."
But we don't have all the answers about our universe. Despite all the data streaming in from the observatories around the world and from particle physics experiments like the Large Hadron Collider in Switzerland — and despite the countless hours that astronomers and physicists spend at the blackboard or running computer simulations, a handful of cosmic questions continue to keep scientists up at night (for those who aren't up at night already, peering skyward).
1. What is Dark Matter?
At the Gran Sasso underground laboratory, deep beneath the Apennine Mountains of central Italy, scientists are keeping watch over a giant tank filled with 3.5 metric tons of liquid xenon. Their hope is that exotic particles from deep space will whiz through the liquid, emitting a telltale signal. So far, that hasn't happened. But scientists hunting for so-called "dark matter" have learned to be patient.
It's been nearly a century since astronomers studying distant galaxies first noticed something odd: The galaxies seemed to hold more matter than could be accounted for by the visible material — stars and gas clouds. This missing mass, dubbed dark matter, is now believed to make up more than a quarter of the total mass and energy in the visible universe.
Two researchers walk through the National Institute for Nuclear Physics, which lies under Gran Sasso in Italy, in 2011. Mondadori Portfolio via Getty Images
What is this stuff? The best guess is that it's made up of some kind of fast-moving particle that barely interacts with the ordinary matter that makes up the stars and the planets. Theoretically, these "weakly interacting" particles can pass unimpeded through miles of ordinary matter — which is why we spent millions of dollars on detectors like the one at Gran Sasso.
Related: 11 Surprising Predictions From Some Top Names in Science
But scientists have been searching for these exotic particles for decades now, with no luck. And so some are beginning to wonder if dark matter exists at all. Instead, the reasoning goes, Einstein's theory of gravity may require some tweaking. A number of alternative theories of gravity have been put forward in recent years, but all remain controversial. And so the particle quest has continued.
"It would be nice to know what the dark matter particle is — or even to have some reassurance that it is a particle," says University of Toronto physicist Roberto Abraham. "I think that's the most likely thing, but I'm open to the possibility that we need modified gravity.
"While there's no hard evidence that Einstein's equations are wrong, they say, "we should keep an open mind."
2. What is Dark Energy?
In the 1990s, data from the Hubble Space Telescope revealed that distant galaxies aren't just moving away from our home galaxy, the Milky Way, they're speeding away from us at an accelerating rate. That came as a big surprise — one that scientists have been struggling to explain ever since. What mysterious force is giving the galaxies this extra push? No one knows. But it's been dubbed "dark energy," and as with dark matter, Einstein is a key figure in the story.
In the early years of the 20th Century, scientists believed the universe was static — that, on average, galaxies remained the same distance from their neighbors. But the equations of general relativity seemed to indicate that the universe must be either expanding or contracting. That made no sense to Einstein, so they gave their theory a fudge factor that they called the "cosmological constant."
Studies of the motion of galaxies — like the so-called Pinwheel Galaxy, pictured here — suggest that they contain more dark matter than ordinary matter. What this dark matter is made of remains a mystery. ESA/NASA / ESA/NASA
A few years later, when astronomers discovered that the universe is expanding, it seemed the fudge factor was no longer needed. Yet now that we know that the universe's expansion is accelerating, the cosmological constant may be making a comeback.
Whatever its true nature, dark energy plays an even greater role in cosmic evolution than dark matter. Our best estimate is that dark energy accounts for a more than two-thirds of the total energy of the visible universe. Taken together, dark matter and dark energy are an enormous mystery — and a bit of an embarrassment for the scientific community.
"I would give anything to know what dark matter and dark energy are," Abraham says. "And I intend to devote the next couple of decades of my life to looking into it."
3. What Came Before the Big Bang?
Whenever a cosmologist gives a public lecture, someone in the audience inevitably raises a hand to ask, "Yes, but what came before the Big Bang?"
"There's this textbook answer that we're supposed to give," says Glenn Starkman, a physicist at Case Western Reserve University. "We say that the question is meaningless, just as it's meaningless to ask what's south of the South Pole."
The idea is this: If time itself began with the Big Bang, then it makes no sense ask what came before. There simply was no "before." And yet Starkman knows that hardly anyone finds that answer satisfying.
An artist's illustration attempts to depict the "Big Bang," the initial expansion of all matter in the universe. Mark Garlick / Science Photo Library/Getty Images
We now have a model for what happened very shortly after the Big Bang. During the first tiny fraction of a second of the universe's existence, the "inflation" model says that the universe expanded like a balloon, doubling in size again and again before slowing down to its "normal" rate of expansion. But if we try to look back before inflation — all the way back to "time zero" — general relativity breaks down.
Some physicists now think that time didn't begin with the Big Bang, but somehow emerged when the universe reached a certain level of complexity. Others theorize that the universe runs in cycles, in a possibly endless series of expansions and contractions. If this "cyclic" model is right, the Big Bang wasn't the beginning, but just a transition from an earlier era. Another possibility is that our universe is just one of countless "bubble universes" that pop up repeatedly in a "multiverse."
Related: Are Humans the Real Ancient Aliens?
Are we any nearer to answering the "what came before" question that we were a generation ago? Starkman says no. And it's unclear whether astronomical observations can settle the matter. Our best bet might be to build an enormous gravity wave detector in space — with the hope that we could detect gravitational waves created by the Big Bang itself.
But don't hold your breath. Starkman says such an enormous project could take many decades to build.
4. What's Inside a Black Hole?
Black holes are regions of space in which gravity exerts such an enormous pull that nothing — not light or any other signal of any kind — can escape. Since nothing can get out, it's as if the inside of every black hole is permanently "pinched off" from the rest of the universe.
"We have no idea what goes on inside a black hole — unless we're willing to jump into one," says Starkman. Even then, you'd have no way to get out to tell anyone what you'd found — or even to send a message.
In this artist's rendering, the black hole known as Cygnus X-1 sucks in matter from a companion star. Although we understand how black holes form, scientists can't say what happens inside one. NASA/CXC/M.Weiss / Optical: DSS; Illustration: NASA
In the 1970s, physicists Stephen Hawking and the late Jacob Bekenstein showed that black holes emit a form of radiation and slowly "evaporate" as they do. Unfortunately, black hole evaporation seems to violate the rules of quantum mechanics, which means that something's got to give way. (The details are quite technical, but they involve the loss of "quantum information"; physicists call it the "information paradox.")
Physicists have come up with various ideas to explain this puzzle. All are controversial. The real problem is that, at the "event horizon" — the outer boundary of a black hole — both general relativity and quantum mechanics come into play. And so far at least, these two theories are irreconcilable.
Related: If Aliens Call, Does Humanity Have a Plan?
"It's possible that quantum mechanics and general relativity somehow 'shake hands' at the event horizon, and work in a different way than here on Earth," Starkman says. "That's an exciting prospect."
Our best bet is probably to study the region immediately outside the event horizon. That's where a radio telescope array known as the Event Horizon Telescope comes in. The EHT is a sort of electronic hookup of dozens of telescopes around the world — from California, Arizona, and Hawaii to Chile, Spain, and Antarctica.
An enhanced version of the EHT will soon start collecting data. Its first target will be a "supermassive" black hole at the center of our galaxy. Astronomers expect the EHT to yield a detailed picture of the radiation emitted by gas and dust in the final moments before it crosses the black hole's event horizon — perhaps shedding some light on the exotic physics of the black hole event horizon.
5. Are We Alone?
Are we the only intelligent creatures in the cosmos? The only beings to wonder what other thinking, wondering beings might be out there?
Our galaxy contains several hundred billion stars, many of which are likely to have planets orbiting them. As if that weren't mind-boggling enough, astronomers believe there at least 100 billion galaxies in the visible universe. Given the likely profusion of planets, it seems unlikely that we're alone in the universe. And so scientists around the world have embarked on what they call SETI, or the search for extraterrestrial intelligence.
The SETI Institute's Allen Telescope Array in northern California searches for radio signals that could have been generated by intelligent alien life. SETI Institute
Seth Shostak, senior astronomer at the SETI Institute near San Francisco, suspects "E.T." is out there somewhere. They point to the data collected by NASA's Kepler Space Observatory, which suggests that as many as one out of every five planets is habitable. If that's right, the cosmos could contain 10²¹ (that's a billion trillion) habitable planets.
But even if life is plentiful in the universe, what about intelligent life? So far, SETI scientists have turned up nothing even after years of scanning the heavens for radio signals that might signify such life. Shostak points out that so far we've aimed our radio telescopes at just a few thousand stars — and thus it's too soon to tell.
Related: Is an Alien Megastructure Causing This Star's Strange Behavior?
At a recent conference in Germany, Shostak bet the scientists in attendance that we'd find an alien signal within 24 years. (It wasn't a huge wager — they only offered to buy each scientist a coffee if they turned out to be wrong.) By then, thanks to more efficient search techniques, we'll likely have checked a million-star systems.
In the meantime, our radio telescopes will continue to be eavesdropped on the universe, with astronomers around the world waiting and listening.
Dan Falk is a science journalist based in Toronto. Their books include "The Science of Shakespeare" and "In Search of Time."
For more of the breakthroughs changing our lives, follow NBC MACH.
Project info
Photos taken during the Women's March in the streets of Seattle, January 21, 2016. It was estimated 200,000 walked the nearly 4 mile route.
Conservative Take: Our Leaders Are Really Just Followers
Political violence from both sides of the aisle seems to be growing, says National Review's David French. But it's wrong to blame elected officials or influential pundits. We're seeing “the day-to-day radicalization of otherwise ordinary folks, transmitted through social media, and amplified through overblown political rhetoric.” Take, for example, the Democrats' elevation of Rep. Maxine Waters as a hero of the “resistance.” Waters has long held a reputation as a deeply corrupt supporter of leftist violence. Then there's Steve Bannon, under whose leadership Brietbart.com became the platform for the alt-right, who has a White House office. Says French: “Our politicians and personalities aren't leading the people. They're following, and they're following the people straight into the kind of polarized nightmare that we haven't seen since the bad days of the late 1960s and early 1970s.”
The View from Israel: When Palestinians Get Honest
Israeli journalist Zvi Barel went to Greece looking for Syrian refugees and found thousands of Palestinian refugees from Gaza. Now safe in the West, they gave Barel a uniform, honest explanation of why they left Gaza: Hamas. Not Israel, but their own Palestinian government. This illustrates a weakness in Western reporting on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Evelyn Gordon points out at Commentary: “a failure to understand the way fear affects what people say in nondemocratic societies.” That is, for Palestinians in Gaza and the West Bank, “blaming anyone other than Israel for their problems risks serious repercussions from either their own governments or vigilante groups affiliated with both” Hamas and the Palestinian Authority. “Responsible journalists, NGOs, and diplomats” should “take this fear factor into account and try to dig a little deeper to try to get at the truth.”
British PM: Enough Is Enough
In the wake of this weekend's London terror attacks, four things must change, British Prime Minister Theresa May declared in remarks Sunday. First, Islamist extremism must be defeated not only through military means but by turning “people's minds away from this violence and make them understand that our values — pluralistic British values — are superior to anything offered by the preachers and supporters of hate.” Second, the Internet's “safe spaces” for this extremism must be punctured. Third, terrorists' real-world safe spaces must be combated as well: “Yes, that means taking military action to destroy ISIS in Iraq and Syria. But it also means taking action here at home.” Fourth, “we need to review Britain's counter-terrorism strategy to make sure the police and security services have all the powers they need.”
Libertarian: Why Dems Failed on Climate Change
The Federalist's David Harsanyi points to an interesting dynamic on climate change: “When it comes to perfunctorily treating global warming as an evil, Democrats have won.” Yet with regard to policy, they keep losing, mostly “because they've hijacked ‘science' in pursuit of ideologically driven economic policies.” The Paris climate accord, for example, is “substantively a joke.” And the public notices when politicians and activists talk a big game on the risk but then live lifestyles that suggest they don't take it too seriously. Plus, former President Barack Obama didn't work toward a public consensus on the need to make tangible sacrifices for the sake of cutting carbon emissions, instead trying “to shift American policy with their pen.” The result is a public inured to Dems' apocalyptic rhetoric: “No amount of hysteria is going to reverse this dynamic.”
From the Left: Hillary Must Stop Relitigating Them Loss
Hillary Clinton needs to smash their rearview mirror, advises Ruth Marcus at The Washington Post. Clinton blames the media, misogyny, Jim Comey, the DNC — yet it's time to move forward. It's not that “she should stay silent. Speaking out against the actions of the Trump administration is warranted, even imperative.” But “enough, already, with the seemingly never-ending, ever-expanding postmortem.” If not for their own sake, than for their party's: “What Democrats crave most is not wallowing in theories about the defeat; it's a template for resisting Trump now, and a vision for 2018 and 2020. Clinton's obsessive summoning of 2016 gives Trump an excuse to change the subject from their missteps.”
Compiled by Seth Mandel
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Sterling's tattoo was pictured during training in Burton-on-Trent on Bank Holiday Monday
England footballer Raheem Sterling has defended their new tattoo of a gun, saying it has a "deeper meaning" and refers to their late father.
Anti-gun campaigners criticised the Manchester City forward after they shared a photo of themselves with the tattoo of an M16 assault rifle on their leg.
The image has been called "totally unacceptable" and "sickening".
But Sterling said it reflects a vow they made to "never touch a gun" after their father was shot dead when they were a boy.
According to previous reports, Sterling's father was killed in Kingston, Jamaica.
Sterling, 23, who will travel to Russia this summer as part of England's World Cup squad, first revealed their tattoo in a photo posted to Instagram of themselves in training with team-mates at St George's Park.
Image copyright @sterling7/Instagram Image caption Sterling is currently in World Cup training with the England squad
Lucy Cope, who founded group Mothers Against Guns after their son was shot dead in 2012, said Sterling should not play for England unless they get rid of the tattoo.
Speaking to the Sun newspaper, they said: "This tattoo is disgusting. Raheem should hang their head in shame. It's totally unacceptable.
"We demand they have the tattoo lasered off or covered up with a different tattoo.
"If they refuse they should be dropped from the England team. He's supposed to be a role model but chooses to glamorise guns."
Sterling, who joined City from Liverpool for £49m in July 2015, responded on Instagram on Monday evening.
Image copyright @sterling7/Instagram Image caption Many fans and football commentators defended Sterling on social media
Former England player-turned-pundit Gary Lineker said Sterling was "a terrific footballer with a brilliant work ethic", and called the Sun's treatment of them "disgusting".
Sorry, this Twitter post is currently unavailable.
Many who tweeted their support highlighted the footballer's interaction with fans at a training event at St George's Park and other experiences of Sterling's character.
Sorry, this Twitter post is currently unavailable.
Sorry, this Twitter post is currently unavailable.
Image copyright Google Image caption The King Edmund School has changed its policy on toilets and transgender children
A school has changed its policy after a transgender pupil revealed they were not allowed to use the girls toilets.
A student at King Edmund School in Rochford, Essex told transgender support group Transpire that a teacher said they could not use the toilets "out of respect".
Transpire said schools need to make sure no pupils are made to feel alone.
Headteacher Jonathan Osborn said pupils will now be able to use a toilet which "matches their identified gender".
Founder of Transpire, Gina Denham, said it was about "raising awareness" and making sure the pupil "could have that sense of belonging".
They added that while some schools are "really inclusive," others were not.
"One of our members was told at a school locally not to even talk about trans stuff," they said.
'Positive outcome'
"I find it quite amazing some schools are branding it respect when in fact it is segregation.
"We did have a positive outcome with this school though.
"It's about giving people the opportunity to use the toilet they are comfortable with, not what the school is comfortable with."
Mr Osborn said King Edmund School believes 'everyone has the right to feel comfortable' in order to "achieve the very best they can".
They said the school always discusses "individual needs with each of the small number of transgender students it has" and has sought to put in place agreed toilet provision.
They added that "because of what the school stands for and the rights written into equality law, the school made the decision to allow transgender students to use a toilet that matches their identified gender".
Latest NHL Power RankingsThe Predators are back on top as they play leapfrog with the Lightning.
Latest NBA Power RankingsThe Portland Trail Blazers have won 13 straight games to climb into third place in the West.
Top 5 NASCAR Drivers Of All Time
The Top 5 Wrestlers Of All Time
30 Players: NL Central Rich With Young PitchingLuis Castillo, Jameson Taillon, Josh Hader head the division's crop of flourishing arms all looking to try and chase down the Cubs.
30 Players: Ohtani, Barreto Top List Of Best Prospects In AL WestThe Angels made a big splash this off-season adding a big, young talent to their team.
WWE's Luke Harper Talks First Movie Role, Bludgeon BrothersLuke Harper talks about filming 'Mohawk' and the rise of The Bludgeon Brothers in WWE's crowded tag-team field.
(AUDIO) Juran Bolden Says Josh McCown Played with Conviction
Virginia Looks Ready For Deep Tournament RunIs this finally the year Tony Bennett's crew busts down the door and makes it to the Final Four?
Best NCAA Tournament Team-Name StoriesNCAA team names are among the more interesting in sports. From Boilermakers to Bulldogs, some origin stories aren't quite what you'd think.
TAMPA, Fla. — The 2018 Statewide Emergency Shelter plan released this week suggest there is not enough shelter space the next time a big hurricane hits.
The nearly 400-page report is based on a Category 5 hurricane hitting Florida.
Three regions that are lacking shelter spaces include Tampa Bay, Central Florida and Southwest Florida, according to the 2018 Statewide Emergency Shelter Plan that is released by the Florida Division of Emergency Management every other year.
According to the report, the Tampa Bay region which is made up of 6 counties is expected to lack nearly 15,000 spaces for evacuees in the general population in 2018. By 2023, a deficit of more than 17,000 spaces.
The Southwest Region from Sarasota to Collier counties lacks about 123,000 spaces this year. Central Florida lacks about 14,000 spaces.
The report also states The Florida Division of Emergency Management continues to address ways to reduce the deficit of shelter space.
According to the state report, The Division has conducted a survey of existing buildings, both public and private, to identify suitable shelter capacity. Second, where cost effective (and practical) support retrofitting of facilities to increase shelter capacity. Third, require construction of new educational facilities to meet the EHPA code provisions. Fourth, conduct research to clearly identify the demand. And fifth, improve public information/education to reduce shelter demand from evacuees not required to evacuate.
Read the entire 2018 Statewide Emergency Shelter plan here: http://wfts.tv/2s2kcJ3
I suited up. My one-piece, black, flight suit not only made me feel the part but kind of look the part, too, as I prepared for high adventure in the sky. I was about to embark on a flight with Richard “Tex” Coe, a former military pilot and owner of Sky Combat Ace. They and their wife, Pandora, are fun, kind and professional. The company offers a variety of flying experiences such as simulated flight combat, aerial acrobatics, Top Gun or combat wingman flights that offer an adventure for adrenaline and thrill seekers while you get to fly the plane.
If you love speed, heights and spinning through the sky, Sky Combat Ace adventures offer an exciting experience of thrilling opportunities that you will not forget.
I had flown in a friend's tiny plane years ago when we thought to do an experiment to test mindful breathing to overcome excessive speeds in the air as we hurled through the sky along the shore of the Atlantic Ocean. It worked quite well, but this would be different.
Watch Priya's flight with Sky Combat Ace from the cockpit
I was excited to experience what a fighter pilot might experience. Before going up, I was given a safety-training orientation. I sat in the red-leather bucket couch with Tahoe Weekly publisher, Katherine E. Hill, in front of a large screen. We watched a video of a young man who had just finished a flight. They were on fire. Their eyes were wide and their descriptions included blazing superlatives as they whirled their hands around.
We watched their flight as they rolled through the sky and hit speeds in which they blacked out for a few seconds only to come back and whoop and holler with excitement. The last thing I wanted was to do on my flight was blackout or get sick to my stomach.
Tex walked me through each maneuver I would experience and how I'd execute the maneuver. Once I had the basics and an overview of the plane's safety features, we walked out to the tarmac at the Lake Tahoe Airport where a sleek bright-blue Extra 330 plane awaited. It was a beautiful sunny day in South Lake Tahoe.
Tex strapped me into a parachute. In the event of a mishap, I was instructed to pull the D ring if we needed to eject from the plane. I stepped onto the wing of the tiny plane and slid into the front seat of the cockpit. Tex fastened me into the seatbelt and handed me a headset with a mic so we could communicate. They climbed in behind me and did a series of checks.
“Are you ready to go?” I heard their voice crack over the microphone and I nodded.
We were off. The plane raced down the runway and before I knew it we were flying over Lake Tahoe. Cascade Lake and Fallen Leaf Lake came into view, a bird's-eye view. We soared over Emerald Bay.
I was taking in the views and drinking in the beauty of Tahoe when Tex's voice said, “Alright we're in the air. You ready to get this party started? The first thing we need to do is a strap check.”
The next thing I knew I was upside down. I took a breath and then we flipped right side up. Tex spun the plane around and instructed me to pick a side. I wrapped my hand around the gearshift and moved it right. The plane circled right and around I went over with it.
We took the plane through a series of barrel rolls over the lake; the mountains became a blur. Tex got the plane up to 140 knots and a few loops later at 3Gs, I was breathing hard. One of the more exciting sensations was maneuvering the plane vertical. Tex had me pull back on the gearshift. The nose pointed to the clouds and the plane dropped straight down backwards toward the water below.
After which we then flipped the nose of the plane toward the lake as the plane dropped down and flipped around. Those were only the intermediate maneuvers. We ran through a few advanced maneuvers, the last a spin, as the plane went up, up, up. Tex made the plane do a vertical flip, turned it on its back in an inverted flat spin. Whoa!
But we weren't done yet. Tex took the plane up to 6Gs as we whirled through the air. My stomach landed in my mouth. I continued to breathe to keep myself centered. Tex redirected the plane and we cruised back to land.
If you love speed, heights and spinning through the sky, Sky Combat Ace adventures offer an exciting experience of thrilling opportunities that you will not forget.
Sky Combat Ace currently operates in Las Vegas, San Diego and South Lake Tahoe. The Tahoe location will be offering flights through early November.
For more information, visit skycombatace.com.
The Suffolk, England house that doubled as Harry Potter's first home in the boy wizard films is up for sale.
The De Vere House in the village of Lavenham was chosen as the pad Potter's parents owned while they were starting a family, and it appeared in flashback scenes in the films.
It's also the place where movie villain Lord Voldemort killed Harry's folks when they were a baby.
The six-bedroom home is on the market for $1.3 million.
Image copyright Getty Images
The UK services sector reported its fastest rise in activity since last October, increasing expectations of an imminent interest rate rise.
The purchasing managers' index (PMI) from IHS Markit/CIPS showed activity rose to 55.1 in June, up from 54.
IHS chief business economist Chris Williamson said the reading added to signs that the economy rebounded in the second quarter.
They said it "opens the door for an August rate hike".
Any reading above 50 indicates an expansion rather than a contraction.
IHS Markit estimated that UK gross domestic product (GDP) rose by 0.4% in the three months to June, compared with a 0.2% rise in the first three months of the year.
Mr Williamson said: "The sharp rise in business costs, linked to surging oil prices and the need to offer higher wages, suggests inflation will also pick up again from its current rate of 2.4%."
Activity in the UK services sector makes up nearly 80% of the UK's GDP.
The survey of purchasing managers found that new work increased strongly in June, in particular for business and financial services.
Overall, activity grew at the strongest pace since October 2017.
It follows better than expected growth in the UK construction sector for June, according to IHS Markit/CIPS, and also a modest increase for manufacturing during the same month.
"Nonetheless, there were again reports that Brexit-related uncertainty had held back business investment, particularly in relation to spending by large corporate clients."
Howard Archer, an economist with the EY Item Club, said: "The improved services survey completes an overall stronger set of purchasing managers' surveys pointing to the economy warming up in June."
Our trusted partner, FamilyWize, offers a free prescription savings card and mobile app to nearly 1,000 of 1,200 United Ways and all 211 call service centers in the U.S.
This has been a key resource used by many United Ways, including ours, to assist our communities in affording their medications so desperately needed. In 2017, for example, a significant impact was made with United Ways and FamilyWize working together to help more than 2.3 million people save more than $179 million in in buying prescriptive medications.
Consider that amount for a moment. Imagine the help this brings to an individual or a family. Savings means extra money for food, shelter, clothing…the basic necessities of life. Not to mention that some people regularly miss out on needed prescriptions because they have to make a choice of what absolutely has to be purchased.
“The barriers to people getting access to affordable prescription medication in the United States, unfortunately, continue to get higher,” said FamilyWize executive chairperson and co-founder Dan Barnes. “The already high cost of prescription medications continues to rise, compounded by the increasing complexity and lack of transparency in health care. This results in many people paying even more out-of-pocket for their health care needs, including medicine.”
“[More than] 100 million underinsured and uninsured individuals are struggling against these difficult challenges,” Barnes said. “At the same time, people also have fewer places to turn in times of crisis as the safety net continues to shrink.”
Of course, FamilyWize and United Way cannot offer a solution that solves the combined problems in healthcare. “However,” Barnes said, “…we remain steadfast in the commitment we made 13 years ago to do everything possible to advocate for transparency and provide access to affordable prescription medications for every individual and family in every community.”
I know you probably have the same question I had initially. How could this possibly work? FamilyWize partners with nearly all pharmacies nationwide to negotiate prescription discounts, so an individual can receive a lower price. Their main goal is to help you. Most importantly, the card is for everyone nationwide.
We have FamilyWize cards at our office, but you can also get yours online. The process is very simple. Visit familywize.org and get your own card you can use through the app, mail or text and show it to your pharmacist. Also, the FamilyWize site has a drug price lookup tool, which is a tremendous time saver and allows you to see your negotiated amount for your medication at a participating pharmacy near you.
As a partner United Way, we're pretty proud of this collaboration. No, it's not a fix for every healthcare issue, but it is amazing and one, we hope, you'll take advantage of in Wilson County as across the nation.
John McMillin is president of United Way of Wilson County and the Upper Cumberland. Email them at john@givetouwwc.org.
New York wins a new park — with an ugly asterisk Pier 55, the gorgeous $250 million park and performing-arts center proposed and mostly funded by media mogul Barry Diller, is back on — with an ugly asterisk. The resurrection came...
Barry Diller revives $250M plan to build floating park at Pier 55 Barry Diller is not giving in to pier pressure after all! The billionaire announced Wednesday that he's reviving a $250 million plan to transform a rotting Hudson River pier into...
How the city's infrastructure woes set a park up to fail Two global cities, two sets of philanthropists willing to pay for riverfront gardens created by the same superstar designer, Thomas Heatherwick. Both projects abruptly canceled within the past month, after...
A few busybodies have destroyed a dream for NYC The collapse of Barry Diller's Pier 55 dream is without parallel in the annals of willful, malicious New York City obstructionism. There's no glimmer of hope, no encouraging lessons to...
Requiem for the Pier 55 park — killed by cranks Consider it a beautiful gift squandered. Billionaire Barry Diller and their fashion- mogul wife, Diane von Furstenberg, just gave up on the Pier 55 project: They won't be spending and...
Diller upset they wasted 'way more than $40M' on failed park plan Barry Diller is livid. The media mogul says they blew “way more than $40 million” on a vision to transform a decrepit Hudson River pier into a 2.7-acre public park...
De Blasio slams critics who killed billionaire's $100M Hudson park project Mayor de Blasio on Thursday blasted opponents of what they called Barry Diller's “very generous” $100 million plan to transform a decrepit Hudson River pier, saying they were “disappointed” the...
Billionaire scraps plans for $100M 'Hollywood on the Hudson' Billionaire Barry Diller has yanked a $100 million plan to transform a rotting Hudson River pier off W. 13th Street into a 2.7-acre park with grassy fields and a 700-person...
A SYRIAN refugee whose family has been resettled in Portlaoise is extending their free Arabic language classes to the public in Limerick to promote integration with the Irish community and foster greater understanding of their culture.
Radwan Abouhajar, a 40 year-old agricultural engineer from northern Syria, moved to Ireland three years ago with their wife, and their daughter, now aged six, while their second daughter, now aged 15 months, was born here.
They started free Arabic classes in Portlaoise last year, with a modest class size of just six Irish nationals, and they are now being extended to Limerick city, with the assistance of Doras Luimni, a human rights organisation which offers support to all migrants living in the Mid-West.
“The language classes are very basic – the alphabet, phrases, short conversation. But people want to know more about our culture, our history and our language,” said Mr Abouhajar, who was forced to leave their parents behind in Syria.
“Irish people want to build friendships with us. The reception has been very warm here. It's lovely. Everyone is so helpful. I have never suffered any abuse in Ireland.
“The course has been very successful in Portlaoise. After the language classes, Irish people have watched movies with us in Arabic, and we have introduced them to Syrian food too,” they told the Limerick Leader.
In addition to teaching Arabic to English speakers, they have also been teaching basic English through Arabic to recently resettled Syrian families in Portlaoise for the past year.
Their eldest daughter, who is in senior infants in primary school in Portlaoise, is helping them to improve this English, and also gain cupla focail as Gaeilge.
“Our children are doing brilliantly in Laois,” they said. “They are hopeful and that gives us hope.”
Leonie Kerins, director of Doras Luimni, which was founded 17 years ago, said that this is the first time they have offered the six-week basic Arabic language course, following its success in Portlaoise.
It is their hope, they said, to continue the programme depending on demand, while spaces are capped at 12 for the initial course in Limerick.
They added that while the Arabic speaking world extends to some 20 countries, and over 420 million people, the particular focus of the class is on connections with Syria through its volunteer teacher, who themselves is a former client of Doras Luimni and now a member of its board.
Forty-seven Syrian refugees were resettled in Limerick last year, a further 25 adults and children are due to arrive in Limerick in the coming weeks, and 54 Syrian refugees have been resettled in Portlaoise.
Over 80 Syrian refugees are due to arrive to the county Roscommon town of Ballaghaderreen early next month.
Limerick City and County Council said that its partnership with eleven other State agencies and local stakeholders has led to the successful resettlement of these families, in association with the Department of Justice, An Garda Siochana, Tusla, the HSE, the Department of Social Welfare, and others.
Doras Luimni worked with almost 1,200 people from 86 countries last year, according to figures in their newly released annual report for 2016.
Out of the 86 different nationalities whom they worked with, the predominant five countries of origin were Afghanistan, Pakistan, Sudan, Brazil and Somalia.
The charitable organisation assisted a total of 1,126 people, including 597 new clients, and held 2,416 case meetings. They also supported 96 people in finding accommodation.
The most prominent issues which arose were family reunification, asylum applications, social welfare issues, citizenship applications, and housing supports, including supporting people moving from direct provision to independent accommodation.
A quarter of their workload relates to the increase in family reunification applications.
The Arabic classes will begin on Thursday next, February 23, in Central Buildings, O'Connell Street, Limerick, where their offices are based.
The one and a half hour class starts at 5.30pm, and while there is no fee, donations are welcome.
To book contact Brian at b.vandamme@dorasluimni.org or call 061 310328.
Irony not lost on Astor family after 'Miss Piggy's abuse claim Brooke Astor's late son, Anthony Marshall, was left to stew in their own urine and feces on Rikers Island, their widow says in a new lawsuit — and the irony...
'Miss Piggy' Astor heir to sue city over hubby's Rikers treatment Widowed socialite Charlene Marshall has prepared a lawsuit against the city in which they claim that their late husband, ­Anthony Marshall, was mistreated and left in “his own urine and...
Hated daughter-in-law inherits Astor family's $14.5M Charlene Marshall, who was once derided as “Miss Piggy” for the way they treated their late mother-in-law, Brooke Astor, was laughing all the way to the bank Wednesday after a...
The tragedy of Kalief Browder must never happen again I grieve for Kalief Browder. Trapped in a state of despair and paranoia, Kalief committed suicide this past Saturday, leaping from a second-floor window of their family's Bronx home with...
Disinherited Astor grandson: I'd do it again Rescuing their grandmother Brooke Astor cost them a cool, $9 million inheritance — but he'd do it all again in a heartbeat. Philip Marshall says they still have no regrets,...
'That bitch' to inherit Astor family millions Rescuing their grandmother Brooke Astor cost them a cool, $9 million inheritance — but he'd do it all again in a heartbeat. Philip Marshall says they still have no regrets,...
Brooke Astor's son laid to rest amid family feud Brooke Astor's son, Anthony Marshall, was laid to rest on Thursday at a funeral attended by the twin sons whose testimony helped send them to jail for looting theirs mother's...
Toshiba is selling part of its memory chip business to cover the billions it lost building nuclear power plants
Toshiba is more than a laptop maker, but the vast Japanese conglomerate shrunk on Tuesday under a wave of bad news.
In one day, the company lost its chairperson, said it will stop building nuclear power plants, wrote off about US$6.2 billion relating to that business, and postponed its fourth-quarter earnings report for a month.
Its financial problems were no secret: Two weeks ago, it revealed plans to sell stakes in its memory chip and SSD businesses to cover the nuclear write-offs.
Last June, it sold an 80 percent stake in its domestic appliances business, Toshiba Lifestyle, for $450 million. Before that sale, it had been planning to develop a series of smart appliances that could link up with its TVs and PCs.
On Tuesday, instead of the final results expected, the company published provisional figures showing negative shareholder equity, and Japanese media reported analyst speculation that the results were delayed because auditors refused to sign off on the accounts.
The nuclear write-down, then, could topple Toshiba — but even if it doesn't, the company could still be forced to sell further assets, perhaps including its PC and laptop business.
It's certainly a well-trodden path for Japan's PC makers, and one that Toshiba reportedly has considered before.
Sharp pulled out of the business in 2010 to concentrate on tablets, and Sony sold its Vaio PC business to an investment firm in 2014. That unit now operates as a standalone company under the Vaio name.
NEC put its PC business into a joint venture with Lenovo, then sold that company the majority of its stake in July 2016. And last October, Fujitsu said it was discussing a "strategic cooperation" with Lenovo on PC manufacturing.
As for Toshiba, in December 2015 The Wall Street Journal reported that the company wanted to spin off its PC business and had approached other manufacturers, including Vaio and Fujitsu. Those talks apparently came to nothing, and in March 2016, Toshiba announced it would stop making consumer laptops to focus on the enterprise.
Even if Toshiba sells off its remaining enterprise PC business, it still has fingers in a lot of pies. It makes tablets, TVs, Blu-ray disc players, hard disks and image sensors -- and that's just the IT-related activities.
It is also involved in power generation, railroads, industrial control systems and something it calls the hydrogen economy, a long-term bid to make hydrogen fuel cells an easy and economic source of electrical energy for isolated homes and island communities.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
By Radio.com Staff
Thomas Rhett's new record will feature a duet with pop star Selena Gomez.
Related: Thomas Rhett and Wife Announce Double Baby Surprise
“I took all of January and made album three, Rhett explains. “We cut 22 songs, which is way too many songs, and I think the next few months is going to be singing all those, getting them all mixed and then trying to narrow down which ones are the keepers.”
In addition to Gomez, the new album features an appearance by Rhett's father Rhett Akins, and Maren Morris, their duet partner on their current single “Craving You.”
Ms. Hilderbrand, age 71, of Lebanon, passed away Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018 at Quality Care Health Center.
 They are preceded in death by their mother, Annie McPeak Sanders; grandparents, Foster and Daisy Bell McPeak; brother, Clyde Huddleston; and sisters, JoAnn O'Neal and Mary Greer.
 They are survived by their son, Robert (Donna) Hilderbrand; daughters, Yolanda (Dan) Marvin and Kim (Randy) Hulse; grandchildren, Kyle, Abbey and Sean Hilderbrand, Dillon, Dustin Hulse, Heather (Jacob) Lannom, Misty (Jay George) Glover and Buddy Glover; great-grandchildren, Dalton, Braelyn, Lakelyn George, Maisie and Lliam Glover; and lifelong special friend, Bernice Blankenship.
Ms. Hilderbrand was a member of the Episcopal Church of the Epiphany and a retired phlebotomist with University Medical Center.
In lieu of flowers, the family requests contributions be made to the Alzheimer's Association.
Partlow Funeral Chapel is in charge of arrangements, 615-444-7007, obit line 615-444-7700, partlowchapel.com.
With The Lebanon Democrat's new obituary email newsletter, you can stay up to date and have the latest obituary notices sent directly to your inbox as they are published. Click here to sign up today.
Representatives of Britain's Jewish community emerged on Tuesday evening frustrated with their long-awaited meeting with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn over repeated incidents of antisemitism in the party.
The talks between Corbyn and the Board of Deputies of British Jews and the Jewish Leadership Council, which lasted more than two hours, focused on their requests to take action against antisemitism in the Labour Party.
“Our meeting with Jeremy Corbyn today was a disappointing missed opportunity regarding the problem of antisemitism in the Labour Party,” said a joint statement issued by the groups.“Words in letters and newspaper articles will never be enough,” they added. “We welcome the fact that Mr. Corbyn's words have changed, but it is action by which the Jewish community will judge them and the Labour Party.“Our sole objective from this meeting was to build trust with Mr. Corbyn, but this will not be possible until and unless they and the party turn their many strong words against antisemitism into equally strong actions.”A statement issued by Corbyn, however, praised “a positive and constructive meeting.”“We will continue to engage and work with Jewish community organizations to deal with this issue. Our party will not fail our Jewish brothers and sisters,” the Labour leader said.Ahead of the meeting, Corbyn issued their strongest apology to date for the party's failure to deal with antisemitism within its ranks.“My party and I are sorry for the hurt and distress caused,” they wrote in London's Evening Standard, published hours before the meeting.Emphasizing recent efforts made to combat antisemitism among Labour members, Corbyn wrote: “In the past fortnight more than 20 individuals have been suspended from party membership, and more are being investigated. But we have not done enough to get to grips with the problem, and the Jewish community and our Jewish members deserve an apology.”Earlier this month, Corbyn told Britain's leading Jewish community groups that they would welcome a meeting “without any preconditions” to discuss concerns about antisemitism in Labour and would “place no limitations on the points [the groups] would wish to raise.”Expectations before Tuesday's meeting were low, reported British broadcaster ITV, with little progress being made in preparatory discussions on Monday between representatives from the Jewish groups and Seumas Milne, Corbyn's director of strategy and communications.According to the report, the Jewish groups' demands for strong Labour action against members accused of antisemitism received a response about the need to follow due process.The Board of Deputies of British Jews is composed of almost 300 representatives elected by synagogues and other Jewish organizations from across the United Kingdom, and seeks to advocate for the interests of the Jewish community among British decision-makers.The Jewish Leadership Council serves as an umbrella organization, bringing together major Jewish organizations to ensure the continuity of the British Jewish community.The groups rejected an invitation to a “roundtable” meeting between Corbyn and other Jewish community groups scheduled for Wednesday, saying that it had “no agenda for action.”It was rumored that community groups were also displeased by the invitation extended to the Jewish Voice for Labour group, which has rejected community concerns over antisemitism in the party.“After we have had our meeting with Mr. Corbyn on April 24, we will see whether they and the Labour Party have committed to the action we need against antisemitism,” the Board of Deputies and Jewish Leadership Council said in a joint statement turning down their invitations.Labour confirmed on Monday that the meeting had been canceled due to “the unavailability of the majority of those invited.”The manager of Corbyn's office, Laura Murray, apologized for the cancellation and vowed the Labour leadership was committed “to engaging with the Jewish community.”“We are aware that this may be more appropriately done through a series of smaller meetings,” said Murray.Last week, British members of Parliament from both sides of the Conservative-Labour political divide directed their anger at Corbyn in a highly charged debate on antisemitism – the first of its kind in the House of Commons.Much of the fiercest criticism regarding Corbyn's leadership came from their own party's benches, particularly from Labour's Jewish parliamentarians.
Want Warriors news in your inbox? Sign up for the free DubsDaily newsletter.
OAKLAND – The Golden State Warriors lost to the Denver Nuggets 115-108 Saturday night, finishing the three-game road trip with a record of 1-2.
Relive at all the sights and sounds of the contest below.
KEY MOMENT
Nuggets center Nikola Jokic hit a three-pointer with 2:10 remaining in the fourth quarter to put Denver up 107-104. Following Jokic's shot, the Warriors scored just four points in the final two minutes of the contest, sealing their fate for the game.
HIGHLIGHTS
Kevin Durant: The ten-year forward shrugged off Friday's bad shooting night, scoring 31 points, dishing out seven assists, while grabbing six rebounds on the second night of a back to back.
Stephen Curry: After shooting just 41 percent Friday night against Sacramento, Curry bounced back, scoring 24 points on eight of 16 shooting.
LOWLIGHTS
Draymond Green: Green's shooting woes continued Saturday, as they mustered just eight points on four of 12 shooting. Over their last five games, Green is shooting just 36 percent from the field, including a putrid 12.5 percent from three-point range.
Kevon Looney's tooth: Late in the third quarter, Looney took an elbow to the chops, courtesy of Nuggets Torrey Craig. The play resulted in Looney missing a tooth, which was later recovered along the baseline.
A toothless Kevon Looney pic.twitter.com/X6ndCcgj9r — Logan Murdock (@loganmmurdock) February 4, 2018
Warriors fourth quarter: Golden State was outscored 38-22 in the final frame as the Nuggets erased 12 point lead.
NUMBERS OF NOTE
5: With the loss, the Warriors fall to 5-24 all-time in on the second game of a back to back in Denver when traveling from the Pacific time zone.
2: With the loss, the Warriors now lead the Western Conference by just two games over the Houston Rockets, who own a tiebreaker over Golden State after winning the season series.
HIGHLIGHT OF THE NIGHT
With the game on the line, Green threw down this nifty dunk on Nuggets guard Jamal Murray.
Draymond coming in hot pic.twitter.com/S2Z4Gktp0J — Warriors on NBCS (@NBCSWarriors) February 4, 2018
We celebrate Father's Day on Sunday, June 18, 2017. We think of the strength of a father, their guiding hand, their wisdom, their help.
God the Father gave up their only Son, Jesus Christ, so that we might be saved through him.
They provide an example of the very vocation of fatherhood.
Fathers are to sacrifice their lives for their families.
They do this by:
• Being the spiritual leader and guardian of their families.
• Praying for and with their families.
• Being a courageous witness to the Gospel.
• Providing care and support for their families.
• Serving as an example of goodness and truth.
• Leading with courage and accountability.
• Laying down one's life for another.
Today, in a special way, let us be grateful for:
• Our fathers, by birth or adoption, who love us and support us through life.
• Our Church leaders, who take on the paternal role of guiding us through life.
• And God our Father, who will always teach justly and grant us boundless mercy.
Reading: LK 15: 11-32: Then they said, “A man had two sons, and the younger son said to their father, ‘Father, give me the share of your estate that should come to me.' So the father divided the property between them. After a few days, the younger son collected all their belongings and set off to a distant country where they squandered their inheritance on a life of dissipation. When they had freely spent everything, a severe famine struck that country, and they found themselves in dire need. So they hired themselves out to one of the local citizens who sent them to their farm to tend the swine. And they longed to eat their fill of the pods on which the swine fed, but nobody gave them any. Coming to their senses they thought, ‘How many of my father's hired workers have more than enough food to eat, but here am I, dying from hunger. I shall get up and go to my father and I shall say to him, “Father, I have sinned against heaven and against you. I no longer deserve to be called your son; treat me as you would treat one of your hired workers.”' So they got up and went back to their father. While they were still a long way off, their father caught sight of him, and was filled with compassion. They ran to their son, embraced them and kissed him. Their son said to him, ‘Father, I have sinned against heaven and against you; I no longer deserve to be called your son.' But their father ordered their servants, ‘Quickly bring the finest robe and put it on him; put a ring on their finger and sandals on their feet. Take the fattened calf and slaughter it. Then let us celebrate with a feast, because this son of mine was dead, and has come to life again; they were lost, and has been found.' Then the celebration began. Now the older son had been out in the field and, on their way back, as they neared the house, they heard the sound of music and dancing. They called one of the servants and asked what this might mean. The servant said to him, ‘Your brother has returned and your father has slaughtered the fattened calf because they have them back safe and sound.' They became angry, and when they refused to enter the house, their father came out and pleaded with him. They said to their father in reply, ‘Look, all these years I served you and not once did I disobey your orders; yet you never gave me even a young goat to feast on with my friends. But when your son returns who swallowed up your property with prostitutes, for them you slaughter the fattened calf.' They said to him, ‘My son, you are here with me always; everything I have is yours. But now we must celebrate and rejoice, because your brother was dead and has come to life again; they were lost and has been found.'”
Reflection: The Prodigal Son is a reading most people are very familiar with. For today's reflection, think of Dad. Note in Luke's Gospel they say “While they were still a long way off, their father caught sight of him, and was filled with compassion.” Reflect on the thousands of times a father waits in vigil. Whether a son coming back from school, a daughter from their first dance, a child serving in the armed forces: the gift of our fathers always waiting and watching over us.
Happy Father's Day
A look at what's happening all around the majors Tuesday:
———
BRONX BOOM
The Yankees aim for their ninth straight win when Luis Severino (1-0, 4.50 ERA) takes the mound against the visiting White Sox. The 23-year-old righty struck out 11 Tampa Bay hitters over seven innings in their last start and has fanned 17 in 12 innings this season after winning back a rotation spot in spring training. Miguel Gonzalez (1-0, 4.22) is up for Chicago.
BREWER BOPPER
Milwaukee newcomer Eric Thames has tied a franchise record by homering in five straight games. They connected Monday night against Cubs righty John Lackey and can set the club mark when the Brewers are back at Wrigley Field.
Thames matched the homer streak by Jeromy Burnitz for the Brewers in 1997. At 30, they are back from the playing in Korea and in the majors for the first time since 2012 with Seattle and Toronto. The major league record for consecutive games with a homer is eight by Ken Griffey Jr., Don Mattingly and Dale Long.
APRIL POWERS
Brad Ausmus seems to have the magic touch early in the season. Detroit has stormed to the top of the AL Central standings early in each of their four years as manager, including an 8-4 start to 2017. The team's young starting pitchers have been excellent so far, a group led by Michael Fulmer (1-0, 2.25), who will start at Tampa Bay. The Tigers have won each of Fulmer's first two starts, including when they shut out Boston over six innings in their first outing.
LET'S GO
After a lot of winter talk about speeding up, the average time of a nine-inning game in the major leagues increased 5 minutes to 3:05 during the first two weeks of the season. The Pirates and Cardinals help cut that down Monday night, taking only 2 hours, 14 minutes as St. Louis won at home.
An Iowa-based chicken broiler breeding farm has initially tested positive for the highly pathogenic h5 bird flu. AP
Authorities have repeatedly warned the public to stay alert for the virus, and cautioned against panic in the world's second-largest economy.
Related:
CDC Issues Bird Flu Warning
But the latest bird flu data has sparked concerns of a repeat of previous health crises, like the 2002 outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS).
“It's mid-February already and we are just getting the January numbers. With the death rate almost catching up with SARS, shouldn't warnings be issued earlier?” said one user of popular microblog Sina Weibo.
Other netizens in the Chinese blogosphere worried about the pace of infections, and called for even more up-to-date reports.
The People's Daily, the official paper of the ruling Communist Party, warned people in a social media post to stay away from live poultry markets, saying it was “extremely clear” that poultry and their excrement were the cause of the infections.
Related:
Watch Out for H7N9 Bird Flu, WHO Says
“The situation is still ongoing, and our Chinese counterparts are actively investigating the reported cases,” the World Health Organization's China Representative Office said in an emailed statement to Reuters.
“As the investigation is ongoing, it is premature to conclusively identify the cause for the increased number of cases. Nevertheless, we know that the majority of human cases got the A(H7N9) virus through contact with infected poultry or contaminated environments, including live poultry markets.”
“ This season there seems to have been a slower response to the outbreak, which may be leading to greater numbers of human exposures to infected birds.”
China, which first reported a human infection from the virus in March 2013, has seen a sharp rise in H7N9 cases since December. The official government total is 306 since October, with 192 reported last month.
But others believe the number of infections is higher.
The Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy (CIDRAP) at the University of Minnesota last week estimated China had at least 347 human infections so far this winter, eclipsing the record of 319 seen three years ago.
“An important factor in the past waves of H7N9 cases among humans in China have been rapid closure of live poultry markets,” said Ian Mackay, a virologist at the University of Queensland in Australia.
“This season there seems to have been a slower response to the outbreak, which may be leading to greater numbers of human exposures to infected birds.”
Related:
H7N9 Bird Flu Spreads Like Ordinary Flu
The National Health and Family Planning Commission has yet to respond to a request from Reuters seeking comment on the recent bird flu deaths.
Most of the H7N9 human infections reported this season have been in the south and along the coast.
In Hong Kong, where two of the four patients infected with H7N9 this winter have died, health officials said they would step up checks at poultry farms.
H7N9 had spread widely and early this year, but most cases were contained in the same areas as previous years, including the Yangtze River Delta and Guangdong, Shu Yuelong, head of the Chinese National Influenza Center, told state radio.
Beijing on Saturday reported its first human H7N9 case this year. The patient is a 68-year-old man from Langfang city in neighbouring Hebei province.
A second human case was reported on Tuesday.
“It is highly likely that further sporadic cases will continue to be reported,” the WHO said.
“Whenever influenza viruses are circulating in poultry, sporadic infections or small clusters of human cases are possible.”
New York-based Serendipity Labs is bringing its coworking franchise to Columbus, opting for two locations to introduce their concept to the market. Columbus-based Renascent Hospitality will manage the dueling labs located Downtown in the Fifth Third Building at 21 E. State St., and in the Short North at 900 N. High St., the proposed location of a mixed-use development to replace the UDF.
Renascent business partners Trevor Warner and Scott Somerville jumped at what they call two unreplicable locations in the market.
“We feel like the Downtown location, there is nothing like the second floor of the Fifth Third Building,” Warner says.
The 14,000 square feet of the former gym boast floor-to-ceiling windows and a prime location next to the Statehouse. The new build of the Short North development at the apex of the neighborhood will offer 22,000 square feet in a four-story building that includes a restaurant tenant and outdoor space on the rooftop.
While the locations are only a mile and a half apart, each will offer a unique experience – and appeal – for tenants. Somerville expects that Serendipity Labs Downtown will lend itself to a more professional crowd with business related to the Statehouse – lawyers, lobbyists, etc., as well as large law firms and corporate clients. Short North will see some of those same folks, but also likely produce a more entrepreneurial tenant mix with startups to mid-size companies interested in a more eclectic, walkable neighborhood.
Serendipity Labs offers three distinct spaces for its tenants: coworking space, offices and small meeting or event space.
Coworking areas will be outfitted with comfortable, upscale finishes that offer flexible space where workers can purchase access in five or 10 day increments, all the way up to daily use. Private offices are ideal for smaller to mid-market companies not ready to lock in a long-term lease, all the way to Fortune 1000 businesses looking for a new way to work. Multiple sizes will be offered, accommodating a few workers up to a small team.
Event and meeting space round out Serendipity Labs' offerings. The State Street location is slated to have one open room that seats 45-60 and two to three other smaller board or meeting rooms. Much activity is expected on the rooftop patio of the Short North spot.
Renascent says they are still finalizing rates for both locations. Coworking packages might start as low as $49/month depending on the number of days, and price levels will increase with dedicated workstations or offices. The two locations will come online about eight months apart. Downtown first in summer of 2017, with Short North expected to follow in Q1 of 2018.
Working with a hospitality companies like Renascent is indicative of the kind of environment Serendipity Labs looks to create.
“They are running the labs with that kind of service,” Warner says.
The upscale coworking franchise is focused on the hospitality that hoteliers know how to deliver.
“I started seeing my hospitality trade either magazine or blogs about other hotel management groups that were buying the area rights to develop Serendipity Labs locations,” Somerville says.
They saw locations popping up in Nashville, Chicago, and finally, with a group they are familiar with in Dallas. After the third city tipped the scales, they started speaking with other associates about why they were investing in Serendipity Labs. Somerville sees it almost as a natural extension of the services they already provide at hotels. Warner says it's that aspect that sets Serendipity Labs apart from other coworking spaces.
For updates, visit serendipitylabs.com.
What you accomplish in the first six months of taking over an IT leadership role is critical. The following 10 steps will help you navigate the rocky transition, get your IT house in order and set a clear path toward a strong strategic future.
A running joke among CIOs is that the acronym for their role stands for “Career Is Over,” a nod to the fact that the average tenure for a technology leader runs about four years. Evolving business needs and dissatisfaction with IT leadership suggest that timeline won't change anytime soon.
CIOs joining new companies face a number of obstacles. Technology's outsized role in driving businesses means many CIOs find themselves in the difficult position of using technology to both run the business and accelerate business growth, says Khalid Kark, research director of Deloitte's CIO program. “Companies are not looking for [just] technology leaders,” Kark says. “They're looking for inspirational business leaders that can lead and inspire the IT organization and develop a culture of high-performing talent.”
Transitions are particularly tough because business stakeholders expect new CIOs to dive right into business strategy, Kark says, when the reality is that they must often spend months getting their IT house in order. Moreover, some business stakeholders take longer to fill vacant CIO positions because they want to make sure candidates fit snugly within the company's culture, Kark says. Adobe Systems, for example, took seven months to fill its CIO position, requiring CIO Cynthia Stoddard to remake IT's identity.
[ Get expert tips on how to advance your career with our CIO Career Coach video series. | Get ahead with our 7 professional networking tips for executives and find out why LinkedIn Premium is worth the money. | Get weekly latest insights by signing up for our CIO Leader newsletter. ]
There is no one-size-fits-all playbook for CIO transitions. But new research from Deloitte, which has helped roughly 200 CIOs slide into new roles over the past five years, offers the following tips for IT leaders making this crucial transition.
1. Be scrupulous with your time
Level set, decide on initial priorities and recalibrate business expectations. Just know you have very little time to get your house in order when you join a new company, so what you do in the first six to nine months is absolutely critical. “At the end of 6 months you're expected to deliver a change agenda, and if you haven't built it by then you're in trouble and it sets you up for failure because expectations they have coming in are very high,” Kark says.
2. Huddle with your team
Transitions are fraught with uncertainty so you're bound to encounter some operational paralysis. Explain your strategic vision to key, high-performing staff members. Try to divine whether they're onboard with your plan; tough decisions may have to be made later.
3. Talent appraisal, house cleaning and acquisition
Take stock of your talent, deciding whether key team members are the right ones for the culture you aim to instantiate. If you find yourself spending too much time on execution, you may have to reconfigure your team. Realign staffers, add new talent and integrate your teams to eliminate siloed “centers of excellence.”
4. Identify trusted lieutenants
Reorganizing your leadership teams can inspire fresh thinking, and reset performance expectations.Moreover, if your IT leaders have vied for your job before you arrived you may need to replace them or run the risk of butting heads. You can't have your staff undermining you.
5. Get on board with the business
When IT was an island unto itself, what business leaders thought of your department may not have been a big deal. This is no longer the case; meet with key business stakeholders to learn about their concerns and challenges and address them. Honoring commitments and cultivating empathy for business stakeholders could go a long way and pay dividends with key partnerships down the road. “Being able to understand how you engage with different business stakeholders becomes much more important than having technical competence,” Kark says.
6. Connect with customers, partners and suppliers
Remember when your time was once consumed by back-office functions? In the digital era, you find yourselves more focused on customer-facing objectives. Connecting with the rest of the constituents in the value chain signals that you're more than simply an enabler of the business. It will also help you properly assess technology's role in delivering value. “There wasn't an expectation that you'd be outward-facing five to eight years ago but now there is a pressure to understand the dynamics of the market your operating in,” Kark says.
7. Pick the low-hanging fruit
Demonstrating your competency as an IT leader can help you quickly gain trust. For example, Kark says one CIO client set up a new enterprise-wide wireless network in a few months, solving connectivity problems that had long frustrated employees.
8. Get some quick wins on the board
A new wireless network is nice but it will only buy you so much goodwill. Move the needle by tackling failing IT systems and stalled projects with high visibility among business stakeholders. Address postponement of architectural decisions or large expenditures weighing on the company. “You have to keep your head down and make sure that basic things are running effectively and efficiently and have the right people in the right places,” Kark says.
9. Prioritize IT demand and supply
Use these early efforts to assess your IT project backlog and prioritize next steps. Figure out your sourcing needs. Will the solution be delivered better on-premises or via cloud services? Work with business partners to instantiate a governance process for aligning project delivery with business needs. Two weeks into a new role, one CIO Kark spoke with discovered 1,300 IT projects, most of them late or over budget. That's a recipe for “catastrophic failure” in IT, Kark says.
10. Strengthen the foundation and tweak expectations
Business leaders want their new CIOs to revamp IT culture and revitalize talent en route to focusing on strategy, Kark says. But you may soon find yourself blocking-and-tackling to mend broken IT.
One global retailer hired its new CIO to revitalize the staff and craft a new strategic vision for IT. However, just a few days into the CIO's tenure massive outages in the company's point-of-sale system wreaked havoc on the business. Kark says it's not uncommon for some CIOs to work 70 hours a week for six months straight to get their house in order. Reduce the amount of time fixing problems by identifying key talent to assume responsibility in your stead. That will free you up to slide into strategy more quickly.
The bottom line
Ultimately, companies want a CIO who can lead, identify and groom top talent, and drive the digital strategy. They often need to be CIOs, COOs and CDOs rolled into one role. “Tech expertise is table stakes,” Kark says. “Really what companies are looking for is right cultural fit to drive change through an inspirational leader.”
Related articles
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Jon Stewart isn't a fan of Anthony Cumia Cumia asked what Stewart's problem was, and the comic told him, “You talk a lot of s - - t about me.”
SiriusXM fires 'Opie' nearly three years after dumping Anthony It is speculated that the firing comes as a result of “a video made of an employee using the bathroom.”
Opie and Anthony reunite on air "Opie & Anthony" hosts Hughes and Cumia hadn't spoken since Cumia was fired from the network in 2014.
Anthony Cumia enters rehab "Saturday, I am taking a plane out of here, let's just say. Out of New York, and going somewhere where I will spend a month ... relaxing ... learning," he...
Inside Anthony Cumia's twisted relationship with their girlfriend Dani Golightly has been living in the disgraced comic's Roslyn Heights, Long Island home (which Cumia calls their "compound") for over a year.
ANN ARBOR, Mich. (AP) — Muhammad-Ali Abdur-Rahkman made a tiebreaking three-point play with 3.8 seconds left and finished with 17 points as No. 24 Michigan held on to beat Minnesota 76-73 in overtime on Saturday.
The Wolverines (19-6, 8-4 Big Ten) needed the extra time to win because they struggled to shoot from the field and the line. And they failed to slow down a pair of guards.
The Golden Gophers (14-11, 3-9) were in a position to end their longest losing streak of the year because first-year student Isaiah Washington had a season-high 26 points and Nate Mason scored 22 points, including a 3-pointer with 5.3 seconds left that tied the game.
Mason was just short on a shot from about 30 feet that would have forced a second overtime.
Michigan's Zavier Simpson made a layup and a 3-pointer — after missing their first seven attempts beyond the arc — to give their offensively challenged team a four-point lead with 2:50 left in the extra period.
The Gophers tied the game with 11 seconds left, but couldn't keep Abdur-Rahkman from making what the game-winning play on a hard-charging drive for a layup on which they were fouled by Jamir Harris.
Moe Wagner had 16 points and 10 rebounds, Simpson scored 15 and Charles Matthews had 13 points for the Wolverines, who have won four straight at home. Michigan made just 44 percent of its shots from the field and was 8 of 32 from the 3-point line.
Minnesota's Jordan Murphy fouled out in overtime with 12 points and six rebounds.
BIG PICTURE
Minnesota: The short-handed Gophers, who played just seven players, extended their season-long losing streak to five games. Minnesota was without Reggie Lynch because of an investigation into sexual assault allegations along with Amir Coffey (right shoulder) and Gaston Diedhiou (ankle) due to injuries.
Michigan: The Wolverines will lose some games they should win if they don't shoot better at the free throw line. They were 12 of 28 at the line, an area that has been a season-long weakness.
UP NEXT
Minnesota: Hosts Nebraska on Tuesday night.
Michigan: Plays at Northwestern on Tuesday night.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
A Westchester County man has been found guilty of fatally shooting a college student in a park.
Stivenson Desir of New Rochelle was convicted of murder and criminal possession of a weapon on Tuesday in the death of 19-year-old Brandon Lawrence.
The Iona College first-year student from Yonkers was found dead on a ballfield at Lincoln Park in New Rochelle on April 3.
Prosecutors say the two had attended a party hours earlier at off-campus housing. They then joined three other men at the park where two of the men engaged in a pre-arranged fist fight.
While watching the fight, prosecutors say Desir pulled out a gun and fired, striking Lawrence in the torso.
Desir is to be sentenced May 3. The 20-year-old man faces 25 years to life in prison.
Men are scared, and feminists are delighted. But the urge to call out and punish male sexual transgression is bound to clash with an inescapable truth: We're all in this together, men and women.
Consider what's happening in the capital of Florida. Female staffers and lobbyists have found “many male legislators will no longer meet with them privately,” reported The Miami Herald. “I had a senator say, ‘I need my aide here in the room because I need a chaperone,' ” lobbyist Jennifer Green told the paper. “I said, ‘Senator, why do you need a chaperone? . . . Do you feel uncomfortable around me?' ‘Well,' they said, ‘anyone can say anything with the door shut.' ”
“I'm getting the feeling that we're going back 20 years as female professionals,” said Green, who owns their company. “I fully anticipate I'm going to be competing with another firm that is currently owned by some male, and the deciding factor is going to be: ‘You don't want to hire a female lobbying firm in this environment.' ”
This kind of thinking is catching on in aggressively P.C. Silicon Valley, where men are taking to message boards like Reddit to express interest in sex segregation — sometimes labeled “Men Going Their Own Way,” or the “Man-o-Sphere.” How will that work out for women in the tech industry, where they already face substantial challenges?
Across industries, “Several major companies have told us they are now limiting travel between the genders,” Johnny Taylor, president of the Society for Human Resource Management, told the Chicago Tribune, citing execs who tell men not to go on business trips or share rental cars with women co-workers. UCLA psychologist Kim Elsesser, the author of “Sex and the Office,” sees a nascent “sex partition.” If men start to back away from women, at least in professional settings, it's difficult to see how that will aid the feminist cause.
As it is characteristic of movements led by the left in general, #MeToo faces the prospect of being seen to push too far, too fast. Not long ago, the British magazine The Spectator depicted the cause a feminist Reformation, with a modern woman nailing their demands to the door of a church like Martin Luther. These days the entirely justified anger and calls for change are venturing into iconoclasm: Let's knock over some innocent statues and shatter all those stained-glass windows!
‘Several major companies have told us they are now limiting travel between the genders'
Outraged feminists triggered by “Thérèse Dreaming,” a suggestive 1938 painting of a clothed pubescent girl by the Polish-French artist Balthus, demanded the Metropolitan Museum of Art remove it. (The Met refused, to its credit). Moms are dressing their sons in humiliating “the Future is Female” T-shirts. The women's Web site Bustle banned the word “flattering” because it implies there's an ideal shape for a woman, and we all know women aren't interested in looks.
Companies are firing perverts and sexual harassers, which is great, but those who can't find any bad behavior to punish are casting around angrily looking for random things to attack. Jordan Peterson, the University of Toronto professor and author of the bestseller “12 Rules for Life: An Antidote to Chaos” who has become a YouTube sensation by rebutting crazy left-wing students, has been lambasted on social media for citing sociological studies that say women are more agreeable in the workplace and suffer some salary repercussions because of it. Although this is essentially a restatement of the thinking behind “Lean In” — if you want it, push for it — Peterson found themselves being subjected to an absurdly hostile interview by British broadcaster Cathy Newman in a confrontation that went viral and led to more abuse being heaped on Peterson.
Writing in The American Interest, Claire Berlinski calls the #MeToo movement “a frenzied extrajudicial warlock hunt that does not pause to parse the difference between rape and stupidity” and “a classic moral panic, one that is ultimately as dangerous to women as to men.” They tell a story about how they just discovered they have a new power: the power to ruin the career of a professor they knew at Oxford who grabbed their butt 20 years ago while drunk at a party. “I was amused and flattered,” they write, saying, “I knew full well he'd been dying to do that. Our tutorials — which took place one-on-one with no chaperones — were livelier intellectually for that sublimated undercurrent. They were an Oxford don and so had power over me . . . But I also had power over them — power sufficient to cause a venerable don to make a perfect fool of themselves at a Christmas party. Unsurprisingly, I loved having that power.”
Reformers should keep their underlying point in mind: Change may be good, but be wary of unintended consequences. Turning men and women into hostile opposing camps is not going to be good for either sex.
Kyle Smith is critic at large at National Review
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
The Duchess of Cambridge gave birth to a boy on Monday — their third child with Prince William. The baby boy, whose name has yet to be announced, is fifth in line to the throne.
Prince William's brother, Prince Harry, will have to wait a bit longer now.
NBC News' interactive below takes a look at who's who in the monarchy and the line of succession.
I'm about motivation and feeling good about oneself. I think to feel good about oneself one has to look good. Looking good in current times in the U.S.A. where I live involves losing weight and getting in shape. An observation at any Wal-Mart in the U.S.A. will pretty much confirm this point. In order to honestly evaluate how you really look you have to observe yourself in a picture.
All CDs that I've known take a lot of pictures of themselves. I have always wondered about this besides checking on one's appearance is there also something else going on? I think so. I think it's a kind of declaration, at least for me this is the case.
I have received many comments about my pictures in drag. For the most part, they have been complementary. Of course, my being well into my eighty-fourth year gives me a favorable margin of assessment. The two most common criticisms are I need to show some leg, and I need to smile.
Sex is always there, and sex sells. Although I have nothing to sell except motivation which I give away. So, it seems showing some leg would be a waste of time.
Moving on to the other most frequent criticism, I need to smile. May I point out I am smiling in most of my photos. I'm just not gawking with my mouth wide open.
Leonardo da Vinci had a view on this open mouth smile business. The most famous painting throughout the world is the smiling Mona Lisa with a closed mouth. da Vinci painted it 500 years ago. Me and Mona are closed mouth gals, I think is a fair statement.
The great mystery around the Mona Lisa painting is who was Mona? The top women suspects are da Vinci's mother Catarina, or Lisa del Giocondo (also known as Lisa Gherardini), the wife of a wealthy silk merchant.
There are also two male suspects as Mona. A CROSSDRESSING MONA LISA, you ask? Well, a crossdressing Mona Lisa is not all that farfetched.
da Vinci may well have been gay or at least bi. I have not actually met him, so I don't know for sure. I'm old but not quite that old. However, Florentine court records show that on April 9, 1476 da Vinci was accused of sodomizing one Jacopo Saltarelli, who was sometimes referred to as an artist's model.
There are two Mona-as-man theories. One speculation is the portrait's subject is da Vinci's assistant and rumored lover, Gian Giaco Caprotti. Some also speculate Mona is a self-portrait of da Vinci painted as a woman.
Nobody knows for sure who they are. And, those who did are long gone. All any of us can do is speculate.
I'm going with the model was a crossdresser speculation. Well, I would, wouldn't I? As to which male it was, I suspect it was old Leon themselves that was the model.
da Vinci was also known for wearing bright-colored short tunics. This was something totally out of vogue. This may or may not have been a sexual statement. Perhaps they sweated a lot in the long tunics. They also may have suffered from equinophobia and wore bright colors to be seen by horses and riders.
Not only was da Vinci a painter, they were a sculptor, architect, musician, mathematician, engineer, inventor, anatomist, geologist, cartographer, botanist, and writer. They certainly are a genius.
It seems geniuses of that time left clues in their work. Sir Francis Bacon another genius who was born forty years after da Vinci died was famous for it. It is speculated Bacon wrote all the Shakespeare works. We do know Bacon was 49 years old when they edited the King James Bible. If you count 49 words from the end and 49 words from the beginning of the 49th psalm you will find their hidden message. Or so the speculation goes.
Hiding code, and objects in paintings and literature seems pretty common for the era. da Vinci appears to have done it also. Modern technology has found letters, numbers, and other objects hidden in the Mona Lisa painting.
da Vinci was a genius who wore bright-colored mini tunics. I'm sure that made a statement. However, painting themselves in drag, I think old Leon goes way beyond hiding messages and making a statement. Is this a fifteenth century selfie and is they making an declaration?
Care to make a comment on this post? Login here and use the comment area below.
Category: Fun & Entertainment, History
The following was released on Monday, Jan. 2, 2016 by Senate President Pro Tem David Long:
Indiana Senate President Pro Tem David Long (R-Fort Wayne) made the following statement today on
Governor-elect Eric Holcomb's selection of Allen County Auditor Tera Klutz to be Indiana's next Auditor of State:
STATEHOUSE (Jan. 2, 2017) ? “Tera Klutz is an excellent choice to serve as our next State Auditor. I've known Tera for many years in their role as Deputy Auditor and then Auditor of Allen County, where they have proven to be a capable and effective public servant. Our state will benefit greatly from their experience and expertise. I look forward to continuing to work with Tera in their new role in the days ahead.”
Balwant Singh Hospital wins major case against Food and Drugs…Director ordered to register Indian-made drugs; provide list of new medicines
In a scathing ruling issued on January 30, 2018, Chief Justice (ag) Roxane George, S.C. deemed Food and Drugs Director, Marlan Cole's refusal to grant registration of several life-saving drugs to Dr. Balwant Singh's Hospital, arbitrary, capricious and unlawful, making a previous order nisi being granted absolute.
Balwant Singh's Hospital, through attorney Devindra Kissoon, filed an application to quash Cole's refusal to issue an import licence for 18 lifesaving drugs. The application was also to compel the regulator to reconsider those licence applications and for them to provide a list of all new drugs currently being sold in Guyana along with the names of those persons authorised to sell those drugs.
Cole, according to court documents filed by the hospital last August, refused to register the drugs.
The director, the court documents said, indicated they would not register any drugs manufactured in India. They had also initially failed to provide the hospital with the requested list of drugs.
Cole had also rejected all attempts by the hospital to settle the matter without court intervention. Kissoon, a leading commercial lawyer and founding partner of London House Chambers, argued that Cole's failure to approve the licences or provide the applicant (the hospital) with the list, created an untenable situation. This is because as a major public health provider, it is unable to import drugs necessary for the treatment of its patients.
Worse yet, by its refusal of a list that may be available for sale by licensed importers, the Food and Drug Analyst endangered the well-being of its patients and the applicant's business operation.
Kissoon argued that the hospital had routinely been provided with lists in the past and issued licences for drugs manufactured in India pursuant to Section 78(2)(k)(v) of the Food and Drug Regulations.
Cole argued that the Food and Drug Administration entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Caribbean Public Health Agency (CARPHA) which implemented a new Caribbean Regulatory System in Guyana, and since those drugs for which applications were submitted were not registered with CARPHA, licences could not be issued.
Cole also argued that they were concerned about consumer safety and stated that they had provided the hospital with the requested list of drugs.
However, in response, Kissoon argued that Cole was deliberately misleading the Court, stating that “list supplied by Mr. Cole is woefully incomplete, in not containing the name of the local suppliers, registration numbers, date of registration, and manufacturer of the registered drugs.”
Kissoon argued that without knowing where to buy lifesaving drugs, the hospital's patients were at risk.
They gave the example of Naloxone, an opioid antagonist which is used to save the lives of babies who are born with little or no vitals.
Kissoon argued that “to be unable to know where to obtain that drug in Guyana is simply absurd”.
They insisted that this information was routinely provided to the hospital in the past.
The lawyer argued that the CARPHA MOU did not repeal Section 78(2)(k)(v) of the Act, and had no bearing on the matters before the Court.
In fact, the MOU stated that it was non-binding.
Kissoon demonstrated to the court not only that the drugs sought, to be registered manufactured by two of India's largest and well established pharmaceutical companies (Bharat Serums and VHB Medisciences Limited, and Merck Serono, a multinational company established in 1668 and headquartered in Germany focused on bio pharmaceuticals), but all of the applications contained evidence of safety to human beings and evidence that certification was issued only after documentation was produced about bio availability, bio equivalence and stability.
Kissoon argued that “the Applicant is simply applying for registration of drugs that have already been developed and approved in other various countries. Clinical trials of these drugs have already been completed and approved in the development stage, which may take up to 12 to 15 years for development.
“The applicant is not trying to register experimental drugs or any drug which has not been approved for human use, nor is there any evidence of this in the defence.”
The hospital also alleged that the “respondent continues to arbitrarily and capriciously apply the applicable laws differently to different importers, effectively discriminating against Dr. Balwant Singh's Hospital.
For example, as evidenced in the attached report published by the Public Procurement Commission in August 2017, the respondent allowed Ansa McAl to import drugs without satisfying the requirements of the applicable laws.”
The Chief Justice (ag) sided with Kissoon, making the orders previously granted absolute, deciding that there has been no repeal of Section 78(2)(k)(v) and that the CARPHA MOU could not and does not repeal that regulation.
They held that the hospital not only had a legitimate expectation to a licence, but to deny the licence was unlawful. The Court stated that there was no evidence of danger to human life and that the requested lists complete with the requested information must be provided, since the list is a publication within the public's interest.
They stated that Cole acted unlawfully, unreasonably and capriciously, awarded $200,000 in costs, and ordered compliance within 60 days.
In recent times, there have been accusations of abuse of authority against Cole by not only medicine importers, but food and drinks suppliers.
Kaieteur News was told that the list is “being eagerly awaited” as it would indicate the extent of abuse by the FDA.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jaap Stam admitted their Reading FC players were hugely disappointed following the 2-2 draw with Cardiff City on Monday night.
Royals had led 2-0 with 10 minutes to go but strikes by Joe Bennett and Lee Tomlin - the second coming in stoppage time - salvaged a point for Neil Warnock's side.
An own goal and Mo Barrow had put the hosts in control in the Championship clash, but the Bluebirds showed their resilience by finally finding a way back into the game.
The result ended Royals' two-game winning run and extends their unbeaten run to five games.
Here is what Stam had to say post match.
On the game
"It was very tough result to take and frustrating.
"We started the game very well and played some very good football. We maybe could have scored more than two but they offered a threat going forward too.
"We were happy being 2-0 up at half time but we knew Cardiff would try and do something to get back into the game.
"After they scored the first one they had more belief and then they succeeded in scoring a second which is very disappointing."
On what to say to their players post match
"I can't say much. It's not always a guarantee that if you're 2-0 up you'll win the game.
"The players were disappointed we didn't get the three points."
On the players' belief
"Why should the result knock the players' confidence? They did very well and were 2-0 up.
"In this league anybody can beat anybody. The confidence in the team is there and we'll try and get a win in every game we play.
"Sometimes you succeed and sometimes you don't but we don't have the mentality to say before the game we'd be happy with a point - never."
On whether there was complacency from the team
"Sometimes you need to defend a lot in the second half, the team we were playing has quality.
"It was difficult to deal with their crosses into the box but we dealt with that well for 80 minutes but sometimes it falls in front of the wrong player
"Of course you want to go forward but that's not always possible."
On Yann Kermorgant's performance
"Yann's coming back to full fitness. We had to build them up but they showed again how important they are going forward but also in defending with their physique and their timing.
"It's always nice for a striker to score. They had a chance so he's waiting.
"Like last season it took them a while to start scoring and I'm sure they will start again soon."
Don't forget you can keep track of all the Reading FC news on the getreading website and through Jonathan Low's Twitter account @jonathanl50 .
You can also stay up to date with news through Jonathan's Facebook page .
It's up to the the Legislature's General Affairs Committee to decide if Nebraska's craft brewing industry changes it's distribution routine. Craft beer distributors pick up beer from breweries and sell it at locations across the state. O'Neill Senator, Tyson Larson's bill enforces the “at rest” rule, requiring distributors to take beer back to their warehouses and put it “at rest” before making deliveries.
Senator Larson says Nebraska's law is unconstitutional after a ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court. An over-flow crowd of craft beer distributors gathered at the State Capitol Building to oppose the “at rest” rule.
Fast fashion retailer Zara is in hot water for one of its newest designs, which is being called out on social media as an example of cultural appropriation.
The store came under fire this week for selling a plaid “check mini skirt,” which the website describes as a “flowing skirt with draped detail in the front.”
However, many were quick to point out on Twitter that the garment suspiciously resembles a lungi, or lungyi, longyi, sarong, etc., traditionally worn by people in India and other South and Southeast Asian countries.
Elizabeth Segran, a reporter for Fast Company who grew up in Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia, described the lungi as a popular item worn by many people, mostly men, “who wanted something casual, cool and relaxed to wear in the equatorial heat of Southeast Asia. They're the garment of the masses, a great equalizer, worn by both royalty and day laborers.”
The reporter also noted that an everyday sarong typically costs under $3, which is a stark contrast to Zara's $90 price tag. And while people clearly took issue with the hefty price tag, they were also upset by the fact that Zara failed to credit the lungi as inspiration for the piece.
Zara did not immediately respond to Fox News' request for comment.
Share On more Share On more
A nationwide recall has been issued for the birth control brand Taytulla due to a mistake that could lead to unintended pregnancies.
Parent company Allergan is recalling nearly 170,000 packs of the pills that have been circulating since last August.
A normal 28-day pack of Taytulla contains 24 pink hormone pills followed by four maroon placebo pills that cause bleeding. But, in the packs being recalled, the placebo pills are at the beginning of the pack.
"As a result of this packaging error, oral contraceptive capsules, that are taken out of sequence, may place the user at risk for contraceptive failure and unintended pregnancy," said a statement from Allergan.
"The reversing of the order may not be apparent to either new users or previous users of the product, increasing the likelihood of taking the capsules out of order."
A doctor reported the error in a single sample pack of Taytulla, said Allergan spokesperson Amy Rose in an email to BuzzFeed News. That led the company to issue the voluntary recall for a single lot of 168,768 sample packs.
The affected lot is number 5620706, with an expiration date of May 2019.
The company has advised patients with packs from the affected lot to contact their doctor for a return.
The Wall Street Journal reported there have been no reports of unintended pregnancy related to the recalled packs. Hormonal birth control pills need to be taken in the correct order and at the same time each day to be most effective.
Given the potential consequences, people are pretty concerned.
More than 100 million people will watch the New England Patriots battle the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl LII on Sunday. Between the action (and the queso, wings and beers) NBC is sure to give viewers a shot of the owner's box. On one side, the Patriots' Robert Kraft, a guy who made their money in paper and packaging. On the other side, Jeffrey Lurie, whose grandfather founded General Cinema. Their teams are opponents, but the owners have one thing in common — they're white men. Ownership in the National Football League is almost exclusively made up of guys like them.
In terms of the sports product, some would argue Tom Brady of the New England Patriots is the "face of the NFL." They already have five Super Bowl rings and he's widely considered one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time. But as a white player, he's in a minority on the field.
“You're talking about a labor force that is about 70 percent African-American," said Charles K. Ross, professor of African American Studies at the University of Mississippi and author of the book, " Outside the Lines: African Americans and the Integration of the National Football League." They noted that, of the NFL's 32 teams, just two have owners who are people of color: Pakistani-American Shahid Khan bought the Jacksonville Jaguars in 2011. And Kim Pegula, a Korean-American, is co-owner of the Buffalo Bills. Ross acknowledges that very few people, whatever their ethnicity, have the huge bucks needed to buy a team. But they argued money isn't the whole explanation.
“There are probably a couple of people that have the wherewithal that are minorities, particularly African-Americans, that could potentially become owners," Ross said. "But I think that there is this kind of good-old-boys' club.”
Anyone hoping to join the club needs two-thirds of the current ownership to vote for their "membership" (purchase price and plan for the franchise they'd be buying). It feels a bit like a condo board. The NFL and the owners contend it is just about money. Dan Kaplan, staff writer for the Sports Business Journal, said the sheer cost of franchises creates a barrier.
“Unfortunately, we live in a society where most of the wealth has been accumulated by white males," Kaplan pointed out. "And that is predominantly who can afford these very valuable sports assets.”
Every year, Richard Lapchick publishes a racial and gender breakdown of all the employees in the major sports leagues. They said the NFL is getting more inclusive. They even gave the league an “A” this year for its level of minority hiring, especially in terms of general managers and head coaches. Lapchick said the homogeneous nature of franchise ownership has more to do with exclusivity than race.
"There is some degree of a group of men who are generally white and generally politically conservative sitting around the table voting to keep their exclusivity any way they want to do that,” Lapchick said.
When the owner of the Carolina Panthers, Jerry Richardson, announced last year they were selling the team amid allegations of misconduct, rap mogul Sean Combs, better known as P Diddy, posted a video to Twitter.
VIDEO HERE
Alone, Diddy doesn't have enough cash, even though he's worth about $800 million. The asking price for the Panthers is a cool $2.5 billion. Even so, Lapchick is optimistic more owners of color will soon emerge.
“Every breakthrough position in all the leagues, whether it was as a team president, general manager or a coach, all of those were considered concerns that needed to be changed, and they gradually did," Lapchick said. "This is the kind of final barrier.”
Lapchick said having an African-American owner could change the tone in the NFL. Take the recent controversy over players taking a knee when the national anthem is played before games. Some current owners have criticized the move, which many players said was aimed at highlighting issues of racism and police violence. Lapchick said having a more diverse pool of owners could help the NFL reach out to more minority fans.
Related 5 things you need to know about the Super Bowl economy Even HR agrees that the day after the Super Bowl should be a holiday Food wars escalate in Boston and Philadelphia ahead of Super Bowl Sunday
GREENFIELD, Ind. (WISH) – The best part of a picture is usually the story behind it.
“This was from the very first night of the tour, this sign had been around for years and they saw it, which was exciting,” said Jody Williams, about the picture in front of them
There are many pictures and many stories to go with the 50 Garth Brooks shows sisters Jody Williams and Dawn Dawson have been to together.
“I think Dawn put it really well. if someone asks them if they collect things, they collect Garth's concerts,” said Jody.
Jody first saw Garth at the Indiana State Fair in 1992.
“At the end, I knew that they would come out for an encore and when they left the stage people started to leave and I went up to the stage to get a closer look and they came right back out, so I was right there and I kind of got crushed against the stage but they grabbed my hand. They were just randomly grabbing people and for me that was just unreal,” they said.
Dawn's first show was Garth's last in Indy in 1996, the only one she's been to without Jody.
“Jody will have to leave the room because it's the one we can't talk about,” Dawn said jokingly.
But they do chat about the times they've talked to Garth. Jody's first time was in 2004.
“I was so nervous that we talked to them for just a second. They signed a baseball for me, they asked if we'd like to take a picture and we did and we thanked them and I walked away and we got all the way to the car and I realized they were still talking and I just walked away and left,” said Jody.
There was a time Dawn was a little nervous, too.
“She couldn't even get out of their own vehicle. They were freaked out,” Jody said.
“I was sitting in the vehicle watching the two of them run towards each other like in a romance novel Garth's got their arms out, they hug, they're talking,” added Dawn.
“I turned around to introduce them and she's just in the car,” Jody said.
It's a car they've driven to many places seeing the man responsible for all of the pictures and stories.
Jody and Dawn stopped by Daybreak Friday morning to share more of their Garth stories. Watch the full interview in the video above.
Uddingston man John Zokas has become skipper of Glasgow's landmark leisure spot the Grosvenor Casino Riverboat .
John, (38), got their first job with the riverboat 17 years ago after a friend who worked there suggested they apply for the firm's croupier training school.
Since then they have worked their way up through the ranks, and was deputy manager at sister venue Grosvenor Casino Merchant City before accepting their new position.
They said: “I'm so excited to have been appointed as general manager of the Grosvenor Casino Riverboat.
“I started my career at the Riverboat so I have a real affection for it as well as lots of great memories of the people I have worked with and the customers over the years. It's like home for me.”
John, who lives in Uddingston with their wife Ruth and sons Connor and Cameron, says they have never looked back since their trainee days.
They credit the casino group with helping them to develop an exciting and varied career and says they would encourage others to join the industry.
They said: “Grosvenor Casinos, as a business, are continually trying to coach, train and develop its staff and teams to be the best that they can be.
“Being part of the Rank Group means that you can take your career down many exciting new paths, as I have, while having fun along the way.
“Working in a casino isn't about winning and losing – it's about giving people an amazing experience that makes them come back for more.”
The venue, at 61 Broomielaw, offers “classic” table games as well as electronic games, music acts and live sports screenings, as well as a restaurant.
April 26
Aunt Clara's Luncheon
11 a.m.-2 p.m.
Elements, 123 Walter St., Naperville
$35
This event is a celebration of women in agriculture from the past, present and future. Keynote speaker will be Kim Kidwell, who, as dean, oversees the College of Agricultural, Consumer and Environmental Sciences at the University of Illinois. Proceeds will benefit Naper Settlement's Agricultural Interpretive Center which aims to preserve the region's agricultural history and inspire future generations. The luncheon, named for Aunt Clara, an influential woman born in Naperville in 1917, supports the Naperville Heritage Society's agricultural initiatives. For more information, call 630-420-6012.
2018 Top Pizza Taste of Elmhurst
5:30-7:30 p.m.
York High School Commons, 355 St. Charles Road, Elmhurst
$10
Area pizza vendors will be generously offering their creations for tasting, and guests will get to vote for their favorites – all for a good cause. A variety of specialty pizzas as well as cheese and sausage varieties will be available. Proceeds will benefit Elmhurst District 205 Foundation programs that enhance education for students in Elmhurst public schools.
April 27
Dress Like a Tree, Get in Free
9 a.m.-5 p.m.
Morton Arboretum, 4100 Illinois Route 53, Lisle
Free
The Morton Arboretum celebrates Arbor Day with fun events, including free admission to those who dress like a tree. Whether it's a simple green T-shirt, a green hat and brown clothes, or full-blown masterpiece, just show through your costume how excited you are to share the arboretum's goal to create a greener, healthier, and more beautiful world.
April 28
DuPage Human Race for the Pet Race
9-11 a.m.
Esplanade at Locust Point, 1901 W. Butterfield Road, Downers Grove
$43-$48
Hosted by DuPage Animal Friends, the goal of the race is to raise $10,000 to help equip a spay/neuter veterinary vehicle with medical supplies and equipment. There will be different course routes for the 5K Run and two-mile Fitness Walk, both which will begin at 1901 Butterfield Road in Downers Grove. A free Kids Walk for children 13 and younger also will be held. It is a two-mile fitness walk that will begin at same race site. Get tickets at runsignup.com.
Table Top Tournament
1-3 p.m.
DuPage County Historical Museum, 102 E. Wesley St., Wheaton
$4 for adults, $2 for senior citizens and children
Create and play paper football and finger hockey at the museum while enjoying the Sporting Life of DuPage exhibit. All ages are welcome.
Remembering Adade
1:30 p.m.
Glen Ellyn History Center, 800 N. Main St. Glen Ellyn
Free
Lynda Hoornbeek will talk about their book, “Remembering Adade, Historian of Women,” about Adade Wheeler, a College of DuPage professor and one of Illinois's most highly respected feminists and women's rights advocates. Copies of the book will be for sale at the event.
April 28-April 29
Artistry in Wood
9 a.m.-4 p.m.
Cantigny Park, 1S151 Winfield Road, Wheaton
Free admission, $5 parking fee
The North Suburban Carvers and Cantigny Park will present a fine art exhibit of one-of-a-kind, hand-crafted collectible woodcarvings, turnings, wood-burning art, ornaments and special occasion gifts from many of the Midwest's best woodcarvers.
April 29
Sunday Music Matinee
2 p.m.
Warrenville Public Library District, 28W751 Stafford Place, Warrenville
Free
In a program titled The Piano in Latin America, Kimberly Davis will perform music from Puerto Rico, Mexico, Guatemala, Argentina, Cuba, Colombia and Brazil. Register online for a reminder by email or text. Advance registration is welcome, but not required. For more information, call 630-393-1171, ext. 121.
Organ Concert – Music of Living Composers
4 p.m.
St. Matthew United Church of Christ, 1420 S. Gable Blvd., Wheaton
Free
The Fox Valley Chapter of the American Guild of Organists will present Music of Living Composers, that will feature the church's recently installed Rodgers three-manual organ. Several area musicians will perform, and some of the works presented will receive their first performance in Illinois. A free-will offering will be collected to benefit the Fox Valley Chapter of the American Guild of Organists.
–DuPage County Calendar of Events April 25 – April 29–
this is Noah Crowley a Riverview High School student. they seem to not know about America's history. RACISM IS A PROBLEM. definitely should not be allowed to go to prom!! https://t.co/yQhMDrqnhU
A spokesperson for the Sarasota County School District confirmed to BuzzFeed News the student in the photo is Noah Crowley, 18, who is currently a senior at Riverview High School.
"If I was black I'd be picking cotton, but I'm white so I'm picking u 4 proms?" said the sign, which was originally posted on Snapchat.
So who all wanna show up to their prom????? Because I just wanna talk to him.....
The image was shared widely online, with many people identifying Crowley by name and calling for disciplinary action to be taken.
Fill in the blank! Noah Crowley from Riverview High School in Sarasota, Florida is 18 and....
According to 10News, Crowley apologized on Facebook after the photo went viral, saying it was "completely a joke and it went too far."
"I want to sincerely apologize if I have offended anyone with the picture going around. That was not my intention. Anyone who knows me or [name redacted by 10News] knows that that's not how we truly feel. It was completely a joke and it went too far," Crowley reportedly said in their apology.
"After reading the texts and Snapchats I truly see how I have offended people and I'm sorry," they reportedly said.
Crowley did not immediately respond to a request for comment from BuzzFeed News.
Former Nets coach taking Alabama to new heights PITTSBURGH — It sounds impossible because it seems impossible: Alabama basketball once was better than Alabama football. In the early years of the 21st Century, while Mike Shula was struggling...
Deron Williams: Playing for Nets made me want to quit On Wednesday, Deron Williams — the man the Nets paid $27.5 million to go away — could make their return to Brooklyn, the place they say made them so miserable...
Ex-Net coach and 4 other big names find college homes The Post looks at the new homes for some big-name college basketball coaches, not named Chris Mullin: Shaka Smart, Texas The biggest mid-major name finally left VCU for a power...
OAKLAND – Monday's promotion of Bruce Maxwell to the big league roster in Oakland means less time behind the plate for catcher Stephen Vogt.
Related Articles A's lose SS Marcus Semien to right wrist surgery
Oakland A's Kendall Graveman to DL, Bruce Maxwell up from Nashville
A's-Astros Sunday game postponed
Marcus Semien placed on 10-day disabled list; Chad Pinder recalled
A's bullpen falters in 10-6 loss to Houston Astros Maxwell was listed as the starting catcher and Vogt as the DH for Monday's game against the Rangers, the start of which was being threatened by rain.
Vogt has a long history of sustaining minor, and not-so-minor, injuries from their work behind the plate. They have played through most of them, but the A's feel the two-time All-Star catcher would be well-served by less time catching.
“If we have the ability to give them some time off this year, we're going to do it,” manager Bob Melvin said. “He's not 25 years old anymore. He's a productive bat we need to keep productive.”
The's have used Vogt, 32, at first base and in right field at times in the past, but for now they will only DH when he's not catching, saying “I think we're covered there,” when asked about the other two positions.
NOTES
1104 Colina Rodante, San Clemente, California 92673 – Amazing TURNKEY home in the Reserve West! This home is perfect from top to bottom! Beautiful travertine flooring through-out the downstairs. Light and bright kitchen which opens to the family room and overlooks the HUGE private backyard. There is a downstairs bedroom, perfect for guests or home office. Upstairs offers 3 secondary bedrooms, 2 baths and built-in office area. The master bedroom is a sanctuary! Enjoy the fireplace on those cool evenings or relax on the oversized deck watching the sunset. The master bath is ample in size with dual vanities, a soaking tub and separate shower. The master closet is enormous in size, you won't be disappointed! What separates this home from the others is the backyard! Beautiful mature trees, built-in BBQ with refrigerator and an above ground spa and huge grass area. Lots like this rarely come on the market. This is a true TURNKEY property!!
See more: http://www.ulnickgroup.com/property/1104-Colina-Rodante/San-Clemente/California/92673/170-304898581
www.ulnickgroup.com
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
FARGO – Ranae Bickett uses their first snowblower to clear their sidewalk Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, on Fifth Avenue South, Fargo. Fargo remains under a winter storm warning until noon Tuesday with more than four inches of additional snow expected. This will be followed by dangerously low wind chill values Tuesday night as low as -29 degrees.
Image caption Telegram is a messaging app used widely in Russia and across the world.
Apple and Russia are locked in a stand-off over the company's App Store.
The Russian telecoms regulator Roskomnadzor has asked the US firm to remove the popular messenger app Telegram from the Russian version of the store.
Despite attempts by Russian authorities to block the app since mid-April, it remains in widespread use.
Roskomnadzor has given Apple a month to reply and it is unclear what will happen if it ignores the request.
Apple has previously complied with Chinese requests to remove VPN services from its App Store.
Telegram was developed in Russia and is one of the world's most popular messaging services.
It is available on tablets, computers and mobiles, giving users end-to-end encryption. This means only the sender and recipient of messages can see them. Messages remain private from third parties such as the Russian government.
The company left Russia because of the country's internet regulations and is now based in Dubai.
Thousands gathered in Moscow in April to protest against the ban on the app. Telegram's founder Pavel Durov, who was born in St Petersburg, took to Twitter to thank those who turned out.
Skip Twitter post by @durov Thank you, each and one of the 12,000+ people who stood up to support the freedom of internet and Telegram today in central Moscow. You make me proud and excited to be Russian. https://t.co/1Vwa1FQgIO — Pavel Durov (@durov) April 30, 2018 Report
Telegram claims on the FAQ section of its website that "Apple has been blocking Telegram from updating its iOS app globally since mid-April".
It is possible that, as a result, the app is not GDPR compliant. On the Android Google Play Store by comparison, the app was last updated on May 26, the day after the GDPR implementation date.
Apple has declined to comment.
A privacy expert has said the move marks the "ongoing power tussle between big technology companies and nation states".
"I wouldn't rule out Russia blocking access to the App Store," Dr Joss Wright, Research Fellow at the Oxford Internet Institute, told the BBC.
"Of course you would have a lot of annoyed Russian iPhone owners." they added.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With rail fares going up once again in 2017, travellers will have to dig even deeper into their pockets to keep travelling on the trains.
The rail industry announced in December that train fares would be going up by an average of 2.3 per cent in the new year.
The announcement did not go down well at all, however, as many passengers said they were being 'priced off' the rail network.
Lianna Etkind of the Campaign for Better Transport, said: "The train operating companies and the Government need to work closely together to provide fairer, simpler and cheaper fares making sure people are always sold the cheapest ticket available.
"Between 1995 and 2016 passengers have seen average fares increase by 23.5 per cent and much more needs to be done by train operators and the Government to give them a truly affordable railway."
The price of an adult season ticket between Reading and London stations comes in at more than £4,300. And if you want tube travel included, the cost will be more than £5,100.
So if you are looking to purchase a season ticket or planning to travel a lot on the rail network in 2017, here are some top tips from Anthony Smith, the chief executive of the independent watchdog Transport Focus.
Buy directly from the operator's website
Most operators' websites do not charge booking fees. Sometimes they will offer discounts on their routes, so it might be worth checking with them before you buy.
Sign up to email alerts – from time to time, they might send you offers.
£4,308 The price of a standard class adult season ticket between Reading or Reading West and London terminals
Book in advance
Booking an Advance ticket will usually save you money. Companies start selling tickets up to 12 weeks before the journey.
(Photo: Peter Bloodworth)
If you miss the first batch of cheap tickets on the travel date you want, don't give up and keep looking. They sometimes release more later on.
Demand cheaper tickets
Tick the ‘I'm flexible' box (usually located on the left-hand side) if you are flexible about the time of travel. An alternative journey, where you travel earlier or later, might be cheaper.
‘Split' your journey
If you are travelling long distance, it might be cheaper to buy two separate tickets to your destination. For example, if you wanted to travel from A to C, you could see if buying tickets from A to B and B to C was cheaper than one ticket from A to C. (Note: If you want to do this, you'll need to do this yourself as staff at ticket offices are not required to search for the cheapest ticket).
(Photo: Peter Bloodworth)
If you do this, remember to check what restrictions apply. For example, if your service is delayed and your connection is time-specific then you may have to pay extra. The train you are travelling on must stop at station B when you change between tickets or they are not valid.
Railcards
You can make big savings if you use a Railcard when buying tickets. There are different ones to choose from. For example, there are national and regional railcards.
Ensure that the railcard you buy is valid for the journey you want to make.
Three may be a group
Three or more travellers may be classed as a group . Remember to check for a group option as you could save up to a third. Ten or more is always a group.
Other routes/operators
See if other operators or routes are available. They may be cheaper than the ‘main' obvious operators.
(Photo: Rui Vieira/PA Wire)
Go single
When booking a return journey, check whether it's cheaper to buy two Singles or a Return.
Get a ticket for train and bus
PLUSBUS is a travelcard that you can buy with your train ticket. It gives you bus travel to and from the station and around the area of the town or city that's at the start or end of your train journey.
Adding this onto your train ticket could help you save if you're going to make a journey on the bus. You can hop-on and off buses as much as you like all day making travelling around easier and cheaper.
£5,116 Price of a standard class adult season ticket between Reading or Reading West and London including travelcard zones 1-6
Compensation
Don't forget to claim compensation if you are delayed more than 30 minutes on most train services.
Astros fans play the biggest game of catch after woman drops their hat into crowd When a Houston Astros fan dropped their hat from the seventh floor of a parking garage, they probably assumed it was gone forever. Luckily, Astros fans take care of each...
With Yanks poised to finish 'Stros, it feels like a pinstripe-friendly October After a truly sweet three-game sweep at the Stadium, the New York Yankees stand one win away from the World Series — with the momentum all on their side. They...
The latest Cabinet reshuffle didn't go far enough
The President's latest reshuffle of their Cabinet was minor. It did not go far enough.
It has, however, created an imbalance within the government, with a minister within the Ministry of Education, essentially a junior Minister, being named as the person with responsibility for education. That person replaces Dr. Rupert Roopnarine, who has been reassigned responsibilities relating to the public service.
Education is too important a portfolio to place in the hands of someone who has only had experience as a junior Minister. Such an important portfolio should have been assigned to a senior Minister of the government.
The President has recognized this, and is reportedly going to assume responsibility for innovation in education. This is another way of saying that the President will be the de-facto Minister of Education.
But will the President be able, given their myriad responsibilities, to handle the additional workload which will go with them being the de-facto minister of Education? And is such a move desirable?
This compounds the problem for education, because the least thing that the education system needs at the moment is for the portfolio to be split between two ministries – the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of the Presidency.
This is all the more reason why there is concern over the timing of the decision to relieve Dr. Roopnarine of the education portfolio. Dr. Roopnarine has been ailing for some time now, but their removal as the Minister of Education seems a bit too premature, and ill-advisedly did not involve consultations with their party, which is symbolically an important component of APNU and the coalition.
The Working People's Alliance (WPA) had reason to complain in the past that APNU was not meeting and that there was little consultation taking place. This means that the WPA, as a member of the coalition, has little or no input into the policies of the coalition government. In other words, the lack of consultation reduces the WPA to a rubber stamp within the government.
But the WPA probably knew that it would have been sidelined ever since the 2011 elections, when it had reason back then to complain about a lack of consultation in determining the list of candidates for the elections of that year.
The WPA will feel even more slighted, considering the timing of the announcement of Dr. Roopnarine's removal from the education portfolio. The decision took place on June 13th, the 37th anniversary of the assassination of Dr. Walter Rodney, the former co-leader of the party, widely believed to have been killed by the PNC government with which the WPA is now in bed.
There will be skeptics who will want to link what has happened to Dr. Roopnarine to the call for Walter Rodney's policies to be part of the praxis of present-day governance. There will be elements who will feel that the removal of Dr. Roopnarine is a direct response to that call.
The WPA should ask for a clarification of the matter. It will have to consider the fact that Dr. Roopnarine's health may have been a consideration in relieving them of the education portfolio.
But the WPA will also have to consider that they were not the only Minister who was has fallen ill. A junior Minister had to be wheel-chaired out of hospital to be in parliament. That Minister was not reshuffled. And a senior Minister was recently hospitalized. It is doubtful whether they will be relieved of their portfolio which in any event does not attract as heavy a workload as that of education.
The WPA will have to carefully analyze this situation. Even if it was felt that eventually Dr. Roopnarine's health would have required them to cede the portfolio, they should have been at least given more time to recuperate before being relieved of their portfolio. It is not as if they were totally incapacitated.
 They are now effectively a junior Minister, because the Minister of State in the Ministry of the Presidency has ministerial responsibility for the public service, and therefore Dr. Roopnarine will fall under him.
iStock/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) — Instagram users can now organize the photos they save with the app's new “collections” feature.
Created as an add-on to its bookmarking tool that was released over the winter, “collections” allows users to organize the posts they save into private groups in their Profile tabs.
It is a similar to a feature on Pinterest, in which users can place photos of travel destinations, recipes, and other items in separate groups, called boards. Unlike Pinterest, however, Instagram collections are private and cannot be seen by other users.
According to a TechCrunch report, Instagram says since it released its bookmarking feature in December, almost half of users have saved at least one post.
The collections feature is now available on iOs an Android devices as part of the Instagram version 10.16 download, which can be accessed through the Apple App Store and Google Play.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Watch the 'bomb cyclone' destroy a gas station Gale-force winds toppled the roof of a New Jersey gas station on Thursday, a video shows. The canopy of the Delta gas station on River Drive in Garfield, New Jersey,...
'Bomb cyclone' begins pounding NYC, crushes morning commute Winter Storm Grayson — ominously referred to as a “bomb cyclone” — began pounding the Big Apple early Thursday, with as much as 10 inches of snow expected amid whiteout...
NYC closes schools ahead of 'bomb cyclone' Warm up those PlayStations! Bracing for heavy snowfall on Thursday, the Department of Education has cancelled school for the city's 1.1 million students. Parents and kids flooded the DOE's Twitter...
Here's what 'bomb cyclone' actually means Bombo … what? The “bomb cyclone” about to wallop the East Coast has been referred to as a bombogenesis by meteorologists — leaving many scratching their heads. The term dates...
Blizzard warning issued for suburbs as 'bomb cyclone' closes in A blizzard warning has been issued for Suffolk County and the Jersey Shore ahead of the “bomb cyclone” about to wallop the region. The Suffolk County warning will be in...
NYC blizzard is a dud It's not exactly the snowpocalypse. The nor'easter that was expected to bury the city with as much as 2 feet of snow is probably going to leave a still respectable...
Winter Storm Stella begins pounding NYC, East Coast Snow began blanketing northeastern United States on Tuesday as a winter storm packing blizzard conditions rolled into the region, prompting public officials to ask people to stay home while airlines...
NYC in state of emergency ahead of 'life-threatening' blizzard Mayor de Blasio has declared a state of emergency for the city — effective at midnight — ahead of the “life-threatening” blizzard that's set to rock the Big Apple on...
Shoppers swamp stores with blizzard bearing down Shoppers were busy Monday making sure their refrigerators would be full during Winter Storm Stella. A Trader Joe's in Forest Hills, Queens, was packed with so many people that the...
Leaders of a national Southern Baptist conference voted to repudiate white supremacy and the growing "alt-right" movement Wednesday, reversing an earlier decision that had caused uproar internally.
"We had people outside this convention hall from the alt-right handing out flyers of why we should hate African Americans," Charles Hedman, a pastoral assistant from Capitol Hills Church in DC told the conference. "I don't know if you're aware of this, but Twitter was filled with the alt-right calling the Southern Baptist heroes."
The motion was approved unanimously.
"Racism and white supremacy are, sadly, not extinct but present all over the world in various white supremacist movements, sometimes known as "white nationalism" or "alt-right," the motion read, calling racism and ethnic hatred "a scheme of the devil."
The vote to adopt the resolution condemning the alt-right came after initially passing on a similar proposal presented by the Rev. William Dwight McKissic, a prominent minister from Arkansas.
The original motion, which they wrote about in a blog post in May, referred to a "growing menace to political order and justice that seeks to reignite social animosities, reverse improvements in race relations."
The "toxic menace" of alt-right and white supremacy "must be opposed for the totalitarian impulses, xenophobic biases, and bigoted ideologies that infect the minds and actions of its violent disciples," McKissic added.
But the motion was never considered because, according to one leader from the committee that decides which resolutions to consider, the motion contained wording that implicated conservatives, including those who don't support the "alt-right."
That decision, however, caused backlash among several religious leaders at the conference, as well as online. One pastor tweeted that any church that could not renounce the principles of white supremacy was "dead."
There's no doubt Davis Love III still has game. As recently as 2015, the 21-time PGA Tour winner and World Golf Hall of Famer earned the title at the Wyndham Championship, becoming the third-oldest golfer ever to win a PGA Tour event.
Love, who has returned to action since a November hip-replacement surgery , will make their debut at a senior major, the USGA announced on Monday, with Love accepting a spot into the 2018 U.S. Senior Open at The Broadmoor in Colorado Springs, Colo. Love turns 54 on the Friday after this year's Masters—but has remained a mainstay on the regular tour—playing 61 PGA Tour events since turning 50, compared to just nine PGA Tour Champions tournaments.
RELATED: Davis Love III's Hall of Fame Treasures
The 2012 and 2016 Ryder Cup captain figures to be a competitive senior tour member so long as they play. They have two top-10 finishes in two starts this year.
“Colorado has been a special place for my family,” Love said. “I won two PGA Tour tournaments at Castle Pines and my father captured two junior match-play tournaments on the state level here in the 1950s. Having competed in more than 20 U.S. Opens, I know that I'll have the same type of challenges at the Senior Open because of the course and the world-class field. I'll have to use all my skills to pass this ultimate test, but I am ready for it.”
The 2018 U.S. Senior Open will be played two weeks after this year's U.S. Open Championship, which will be held at Shinnecock Hills in New York. Love's lone major title came at the 1997 PGA Championship at Winged Foot Golf Club's West course in Mamaroneck, N.Y., site of the 2020 U.S. Open.
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
After a brief break in the wintry weather action the past few weeks, several rounds of snow look to head our way over the next 8 days.
Light rain and drizzle are likely late tonight, which will change to a wintry mix of rain and snow through the early overnight and all snow before daybreak Sunday.
We'll catch a brief break in the action between ~8 a.m. and 1 p.m. tomorrow before more light snow dives on Sunday afternoon.
All in all, most areas will see a dusting to 1” of snow with some areas set to see 2-3” of snow accumulation by late Sunday.
Skies will clear and temps will drop quickly by Monday morning. Bundle up as you head out the door and watch for refreezing of roadways!
We'll see clouds increase late Monday ahead of our next weathermakers set to slide in early Tuesday with light snow accumulation likely and better chances for heavy snow and freezing rain by mid-week.
Temperatures will remain at or below average through most of the work week until a slight warm-up heads our way Friday, just ahead of another snow chance through the first half of next weekend.
By Jason Herring, July 3 2018 —
My first Sled Island festival was in 2012. At 15, just starting to branch beyond my dad's classic rock influences, the all-ages pass was a godsend. By adulthood I'd already seen artists like The Hold Steady, Feist, Spiritualized and Thurston Moore at the festival.
Though I've since graduated to attending with a full festival pass, I still make my way out to a number of all-age shows each year — many of which feature the acts I'm most hyped on seeing. This year, that included acts like Grouper, Mount Eerie, The Flaming Lips, and — most importantly — Hamilton, Ontario's own B.A. Johnston.
Sled Island executive director Maud Salvi highlighted a handful of all-age venues to me, including the beautiful Central United Church, the recently added National Music Centre concert hall and the always-fun Tubby Dog. They also added that most film and visual arts programming was also open to minors.
Salvi says that Calgary's year-round music scene isn't always accessible to underagers, something the festival hopes to address.
“We feel like it's really important for teenagers to be able to accept good-quality music and art from as young as they are interested in getting involved with music and art,” they say. “Unfortunately what we're seeing in Calgary is that a lot of the live music takes place in bars and therefore it's not accessible on a regular basis. So during the festival we make an effort to have as many activities as possible so that teenagers and people under 18 can access and start discovering new things.”
Sled's all-ages landscape has shifted over the last few years. The festival parted ways with its biggest under-18 venues, Olympic Plaza, after 2016. Though Salvi says this took away some of the festival's largest headliners from the all-ages crowd, they think the festival filled that hole with the addition of the National Music Centre in 2017 and the McHugh House — an all-ages venue operated by the Beltline Neighbourhoods Association and CJSW 90.9 F.M.
The McHugh House just finished hosting its first set of shows for Sled Island, housing 25-plus bands over four days of the festival. One band it played host to was local death metal band Chained by Mind on June 22. The band's 17-year-old drummer, Griffin Klapak, started the project when they were 13. They say this was their third year attending Sled Island but their first performing.
“To me, the all-ages scene through the year has been improving more and more,” Klapak says. “After we lost the New Black [Centre for Music & Art] — which I miss everyday, best all-ages venue Calgary has ever had — we had a struggle in the city for all-ages shows. But with Major Minor [Music Project] and all the other all-ages shows in the city, I feel it's slowly improving.”
Shane Madani, guitarist and vocalist for Chained by Mind, says the band is keen on helping to maintain the city's all-ages community.
“The biggest thing anyone can take from this is to keep the all-ages thing going because it's important for the community and for the kids,” Madani says. “And when Griffin turns 18, we'll continue to do all-ages shows.”
Sled Island sold a few dozen specifically all-ages passes this year, but Salvi says having the option makes sense for building the festival in future years.
“The reality is that people are only teenagers for a few years, and then they turn 18 and become a potential attendee who might buy a full-on pass or buy tickets,” they say. “If we don't make an effort to outreach to this group of people before they turn 18, it's unlikely that all of a sudden when they come of age they would even know of Sled Island.”
Chained by Mind have a self-produced demo on their Bandcamp page and are playing a show at Commons Church on July 27.
Demo 2018 by Chained By Mind
Comments
When it's looming over the horizon, the moon can seem enormous and close. But looks can be deceptive. In a 2011 video posted by Veritasium, an interviewer found that people's guesses were wildly off when they tried to estimate the relative distance of the moon from the Earth.
If the Earth were the size of a basketball, the moon would be a tennis ball some 24 feet away. Because of space considerations, illustrations almost always put them much closer together than they actually are.
A new photo from NASA may help to dispel these misconceptions. Captured by NASA's OSIRIS-REx spacecraft when the Earth and moon were 249,000 miles apart, the image dramatically illustrates the distance. The Earth is a tiny mottled ball at upper left and the moon is little more than a grey speck in the lower right corner.
The spacecraft was 804,000 miles from Earth when the image was captured.
Click on the image below to see it at a larger scale.
NASA
OSIRIS-REx launched in 2016 will travel to a near-Earth asteroid called Bennu and bring a small sample back to Earth in 2023.
Month in Space Pictures: Cassini's Finale and an Astronaut Returns
Things got weird on ESPN's College GameDay on Saturday morning in Texas. The show was in Austin for Texas' matchup against Oklahoma, and the broadcasters put on some special costumes for the occasion.
Jay Williams had a tie dye shirt, while Seth Greenberg dressed up like a Cowboy.
But nothing beats Jay Bilas putting on a wig and showing everyone what they would look like with a slightly different hairline. They even joked: “I haven't had hair in my eyes for a long time.”
Bilas clearly had a good time hanging out on Texas' campus, especially when they helped shoot off Smokey the Cannon.
Getting high is down in Breckenridge for the first time in more than two years — or at least that's what the town's sales tax receipts from its marijuana dispensaries seem to indicate.
According to the latest financial report prepared by town officials, Breckenridge pot sales fell 1.73 percent in September, the most recent month for which figures are available, compared to September 2016, putting an end to the town's 25-month run of rising marijuana sales. Overall, Breckenridge still remains 5.3 percent ahead year-to-date in estimated sales tax receipts.
However, September's decline marked the first time since July 2015 that the town's “weedtail” category — as officials have creatively coined it — hasn't produced better numbers than it did the same month in the previous year.
Breckenridge finance director Brian Waldes said he's discovered tracking marijuana sales reports in Breckenridge can be “wacky,” with the sector known for wild, high-percentage spikes within a relatively short sample period.
Read more of this story at AspenTimes.com
A Belleville man has died from wounds they suffered after being involved in a gun battle with police after they opened fire on Republican members of congress Wednesday morning in Alexandria, Va.
James T. Hodgkinson, 66, allegedly shot and wounded Congressman and House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.) along with a few Capitol police officers who responded to the shooting on the morning of June 14, according to law enforcement officials.
Officials reported and President Donald Trump confirmed by 11 a.m. that Hodgkinson had died from their wounds.
Hodgkinson allegedly opened fired at a ballfield where Republican members of congress were practicing for an upcoming charity softball game. The game is an annual bipartisan event in which members of teams representing both parties in the House play against each other.
Hodgkinson is the former owner of JTH Inspections, a home inspection business, according to their Facebook page. They failed to renew their home inspection license upon its expiration, according to reports.
Prior to running the inspections business, they were owner and operator of JTH Construction from 1976-94.  They are listed as a carpenter and home inspector.
Several of their postings on their page indicate they were staunchly opposed to President Donald Trump, calling for their removal from office.
They had signed online petitions opposing the Republican health care bill and other Republican policies related to the environment and oil.
They made comments about money corrupting politics.
One such post read, “We Don't Need or Deserve a Billionaire for President. There will Always be a Conflict of Interest. Millionaires are Bad Enough.”
Their last post was made May 24 which was an online petition opposing the NEXUS pipeline in Michigan.
Their Facebook cover photo is that of Sen. Bernie Sanders and their earlier postings from 2016 showed they strongly supported the progressive Vermont senator during their presidential bid.
They followed many progressive media programs and voices on their page.
Hodgkinson graduated from Belleville Township High School and studied classes at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville campus.
In addition, they took flight training classes in the early 1970s at Southwestern Illinois College, according to their Facebook page.
They have no family or relationships listed on their page and no photos of himself.
— Belleville named as suspect in shooting of GOP member of congress
DELANO, Minn. (WCCO) — We have an update tonight on a story from March you may remember seeing, or hearing.
Alex Weed, he's been fighting lymphoma for a year. In March, their English teacher and friends at Delano High School came together to create a catchy tune in their honor, playing off their last name, saying they are stronger than weeds.
They got a bad report from doctors the day our story aired but they just got some great news and a great surprise.
Ask any of Alex Weed's friends, they have a lot to say about their friend.
“He's always the life of the party and they make everybody smile,” Lily Teig said.
Alex got a bone marrow transplant and he's been in Masonic Children's for 47 grueling days. Their family says he's been so very strong and now their transplant is working. With tears in their eyes, Alex's father James Weed says they are “super proud” of their son.
And so was the staff at Masonic who saw them off on Monday afternoon. As they rode to Delano, hundreds lined the streets they grew up on — their friends, their neighbors, their teachers.
Alex had no idea what was coming. As they saw the crowd, their face lit up and they waved and waved and waved. Their friends hugged and cried at the sight of their arrival.
“It's really emotional because you didn't know at one point and now that he's home, makes you feel so much better,” pal Hailey Skogman said.
“For the emotion, as much emotion as he's gonna show, he's super thankful for all the people,” James Weed said.
Not only is they stoic, the king of this homecoming is strong.
Alex's dad says they probably won't be able to make it to their school's homecoming. He's still got a lot of healing to do, they likely won't be back to school until the winter — you can imagine the welcome he'll get there.
A woman and their stepgrandson were swept down a remote creek in Grand Canyon National Park, but the family is holding out hope that the 62-year-old wife of a popular outdoor footwear company founder has the skills to keep them both alive until they're found, a family member said.
Lou-Ann Merrell, wife of Randy Merrell — who helped found the Merrell Boot Co. in 1981 — and Jackson Standefer, 14, lost their footing Saturday during a family trip in the Arizona park and fell into the creek. Mark McOmie, Jackson's uncle, said the water roars down through rocks, so the family is hoping the two could be on a boulder or have found a cave for shelter.
Officials were alerted when an emergency GPS locator beacon was set off below the canyon's North Rim, said Chief Ranger Matt Vandzura of the National Park Service.
The National Park Service deployed a drone, helicopter and dozens of rescuers in an effort to find the pair. The drone footage must be analyzed for clues.
McOmie, who was not on the trip, said the Merrells are avid hikers and know the area well. They said Lou-Ann and Randy Merrell, who was also on the trip, live in Utah in a city on the eastern side of the state.
Lou-Ann Merrell is “a very experienced backpacker,” McOmie said. “If they can get to a spot where they cannot be in the water and stay warm, she's got the skills needed to get them through it. The odds aren't great. But given their skills and knowledge of the area, that will probably lead to the best possible outcome.”
McOmie said searchers have found their backpacks with belongings inside, which the family has interpreted with mixed feelings. They said it looks as if they were able to get their backpacks off.
“The bad part is that they don't have their gear,” McOmie said.
The National Park Service said some searchers will stay in the field overnight, but may not actively search depending on conditions.
The Merrells, Standefer and the boy's mother were on a path known as Tapeats Trail when the pair fell, authorities said.
The park service said it's too early to determine what went wrong. No rain or flash flooding was reported in the area, and it was not known whether the water level was higher than usual in Tapeats Creek, a tributary of the Colorado River that runs through the Arizona landmark.
Creeks in the canyon often see higher water levels in the spring as snow melts.
The park service describes conditions in the area on its website, warning that melting snow or heavy rain can make crossing the creek impossible.
The North Rim, an area visited only by 10 percent of Grand Canyon visitors, has rapidly changing weather and visitors should be prepared for heat, cold, rain, wind or snow, the park service says.
The McCallie School in Chattanooga, Tennessee, said Jackson is an eighth-grade student at the all-boys school.
“The entire McCallie community sends its prayers to the Standefer family and all those close to Jackson as we all hope for a positive ending to this situation,” the school said in a statement.
A call to Merrell Footlab in Vernal, Utah, for comment on the search wasn't immediately returned Monday evening.
SACRAMENTO — A campaign to make California its own nation folded abruptly Monday — after one of its leaders announced that they plan to make Russia, not the Golden State, their home.
In a lengthy farewell post, Louis Marinelli of the secessionist campaign “Yes California” explained that “it was only proper” to drop the measure since they no longer planned to return to California to “struggle for their independence from the United States.”
“As I have stated in the past, I do not wish to live under the American flag. I do not wish to live under the American political system or within the American economic system,” they wrote. “… I have found in Russia a new happiness, a life without the albatross of frustration and resentment towards ones' homeland, and a future detached from the partisan divisions and animosity that has thus far engulfed my entire adult life.”
Related Articles Poll: Californians dislike Trump, but don't back ‘Resistance' or Calexit
Brexit backers raising funds for California breakaway effort The other leader of the campaign and the measure's official author, Marcus Ruiz Evans, informed the California Secretary of State's office that they planned to withdraw the measure, Press Secretary Sam Mahood said Monday.
To get the referendum on the November 2018 ballot, proponents needed to gather nearly 600,000 valid signatures by July 25. But while the campaign picked up some steam after Donald Trump's election last fall, it not only failed to gain mainstream traction, but was dogged by Marinelli's ties to — and residence in — Russia.
Evans said Monday that they were joining the California Freedom Coalition, a nonprofit which began two weeks ago, and that they will file another petition as part of that group on May 1.
“It's coming together faster than protons move,” they said in an interview.
In a piece published by this news organization in January, Evans wrote: “California really is different from the rest of the country. According to most studies and polls, Californians are better educated, wealthier, more liberal, and value health care and education more than the rest of the country.”
They also don't want to secede from the United States. A Berkeley IGS poll released last month found that nearly 70 percent of Californians surveyed did not want the state to become its own nation — a rare point of agreement among Republicans and Democrats.
“This measure obviously is not tapping into popular consciousness,” said Jack Citrin, director of UC Berkeley's Institute of Governmental Studies, which released the poll. “This was just kind of a grandstanding, symbolic play to begin with but it obviously was going nowhere.”
Best Fish Sandwiches In MinnesotaA breaded, deep fried rectangular patty made from white meat fish such as cod or pollock, the fish sandwich, or fishwich, came into its own as a burger when introduced at McDonald's in 1962. Since then, the fish sandwich has become a lunch and dinner favorite. If you favor the local catch, try a walleye fish sandwich.
Mark Daniell, Postmedia Network Jun 14, 2017
Twenty years later, Batman & Robin director Joel Schumacher is apologizing for helming the worst film in the Caped Crusader's cinematic history.
“Look, I apologize,” Schumacher said in an interview with Vice. “I want to apologize to every fan that was disappointed because I think I owe them that.”
Released in the summer of 1997, Batman & Robin introduced then-ER star George Clooney as the Dark Knight alongside Chris O'Donnell's corny Robin, Arnold Schwarzenegger's horrendous Mr. Freeze, Uma Thurman's vomit-inducing Poison Ivy and Alicia Silverstone's cheesy Batgirl.
It was Schumacher's second Bat-film following 1995's Batman Forever, which starred Val Kilmer.
Up to that point, Schumacher's “batting average was good.”
The 77-year-old helmed such classics as The Lost Boys, The Client and Falling Down.
“Then after Batman & Robin, I was scum. It was like I had murdered a baby.”
In addition to the critical drubbing it took, Batman & Robin was a massive financial disappointment and the character didn't reappear onscreen until 2005's reboot, Batman Begins.
Schumacher also explained the film's much-derided inclusion of nipples on Clooney's Batman costume.
“By the time Batman Forever came around, rubber molding had become so much more advanced,” they recalled. “So I said, let's make it anatomical and gave photos of those Greek statues and those incredible anatomical drawings you see in medical books [to lead sculptor Jose Fernandez]. They did the nipples and when I looked at them, I thought, that's cool.”
Looking back, though, Schumacher knows it was a mistake.
“It's going to be on my tombstone, I know it.”
Clooney has already apologized for Batman & Robin – twice.
“I thought at the time this was going to be a very good career move,” they said during an appearance on the Graham Norton Show in 2015. “Um, it wasn't.”
Twitter: @markhdaniell
MDaniell@postmedia.com
Man found dead in clothing donation bin outside 7-Eleven A man was found dead with a belt around their neck inside a parking lot clothing donation box early Friday in Queens — and police are trying to identify him....
Mom-daughter duo fend off armed carjackers with hot cocoa WOODBRIDGE, Va. — Police in the Virginia suburbs of the nation's capital say two would-be carjackers fled from their intended victims when a splash of hot cocoa and a dash...
Immigration agents raid dozens of 7-Eleven stores LOS ANGELES — US immigration agents descended on dozens of 7-Eleven stores before dawn Wednesday to open employment audits and interview workers in what officials described as the largest operation...
Utah residents warned of Hepatitis A outbreak at 7-Eleven WEST JORDAN, Utah – Salt Lake County health leaders say many people are coming forward after they issued an alert about a Hepatitis A outbreak at a 7-Eleven in West...
Woman caught stealing credit card from man having seizure A woman in Utah turned themselves in to police after they were caught on video going through a man's wallet — and taking their credit card — while they are...
Woman attacks 7-Eleven clerk with hot nacho cheese This is nacho average customer. A Florida woman was busted for allegedly lobbing hot nacho cheese and a sandwich at a 7-Eleven clerk while protesting “the customer is always right!”...
Police officer shoots, kills man in struggle caught on video HUNTINGTON BEACH, Calif. — A police officer shot and killed a man on Friday after a struggle outside a California convenience store that was captured on video by a bystander....
Man trashes 7-Eleven for refusing to sell them beer They went bananas for beer. A man wreaked havoc on a California 7-Eleven when they were denied a late-night brew, knocking over fruit and smashing windows during a wild fit,...
Mom and daughter tag team tase 7-Eleven store clerk, rob store A mother and their 12-year-old daughter kicked out the glass doors to a 7-Eleven they allegedly shoplifted from – then tased the store clerk for locking them inside, according to...
President Donald Trump has welcomed families to the White House for the annual Easter Egg Roll.
Speaking on Monday at the popular “egg-stravaganza,” Trump said: “we will be stronger and bigger and better as a nation than ever before.”
Trump was accompanied by their wife, Melania, and 11-year-old son Barron.
Thousands of children are expected at the White House for its biggest social event of the year. There had been some hand-wringing over whether the Trump administration would be able to pull off a successful event.
A downsized version of the 139-year-old event has kicked off on the South Lawn.
The White House is expecting more than 21,000 children and adults to attend the festivities. That's down from the 35,000 people who attended last year.
Several people were shot at a baseball practice Wednesday morning at a park in the 400 block of E. Monroe Street in Alexandria, Va.. House Majority Whip (Rep.) Steve Scalise was one of the people injured.
The gunman is said to be in custody with Alexandria Police.
According to news reports the shooter had a rifle and a gunfight happened between them and the members of congress's security detail. 50-100 shots were fired hitting several people including the Majority Whip Scalise and aides.
Scalise is in stable condition they were shot in their hip.
Reports say there were several GOP members of congress and two senators at the baseball practice which was for the bipartisan charity game Thursday at Nationals Park.
This story is developing and we will keep you updated.
Read in depth BBC News
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
Video
Child sex offender, Ricky Slade, who was confronted by a self-styled "paedophile hunting" group died in prison while awaiting sentence, an inquest has heard.
The 30-year-old, from Nottingham, chatted to members of a group called The Hunted One who pretended to be girls aged 10, 12 and 14.
They were due to be sentenced in February last year and had been warned they would be jailed.
The inquest continues.
1:06 Arthouse gallery closing its door Pause
1:06 First baby of 2017 in the Fresno area born at Clovis hospital
1:18 Troubles continue at Fresno's Hotel California
0:33 Detectives nab woman and man who stole $2,500 in Christmas gifts
2:35 What were the 5 best video games of 2016?
2:45 Understanding the Electoral College: 'A process not a place'
2:07 Fresno State tops Nevada in New Years Eve thriller
2:43 Meet the adorable Victor E., Fresno State's real-life bulldog mascot
2:30 Movie trailer: 'Doctor Strange'
Tonight is the annual celebration, the 2018 Macy's 4th of July Fireworks Spectacular, which takes place in New York City. The show airs at 8 p.m. ET/PT on the NBC network and it features several A-list performers. This means that regular programming will have to wait another week to watch any new episodes, since the fireworks show is taking over the prime-time slot. Matt Iseman and Akbar Gbajabiamila are hosting the event again. And, the West Point Band, along with the West Point Glee Club, have returned for the event as well. Check out the celebrities who are appearing as performers during tonight's show.
Kelly Clarkson
Kelly Clarkson is the main event this year and they will help celebrate the 100th anniversary of Irving Berlin's “God Bless America”, with the help of the West Point Band and Glee Club. This will take place during the climax and the “Golden Mile” fireworks segment of the show. Susan Tercero, executive producer of Macy's 4th of July Fireworks, recently said that, “Macy's Fireworks continue to grow in artistry, as we ignite the night for the nation's premiere Independence Day celebration. This year's showcase will be one for the record books as we create dazzling scenes expertly timed and choreographed to a rousing and moving patriotic score featuring the West Point Band and Glee Club and the stunning voice of superstar Kelly Clarkson. We are excited to celebrate the holiday with a jaw-dropping display of colorful firepower delighting millions of spectators across the nation.” In addition to performing with Clarkson, AM NY has reported that the West Point Band and Glee Club will also perform “The Stars and Stripes Forever” and “The Star-Spangled Banner.”
Clarkson released their latest album, “Meaning of Life”, last Fall. They also acted as a new judge on The Voice and ended up winning with singer Brynn Cartelli under their wing.
American Authors
The band American Authors was a later addition to this year's lineup of performers. They are a rock band out of New York City, which consists of lead vocalist and guitarist Zac Barnett, lead guitarist and banjoist James Adam Shelley, bassist Dave Rublin, and drummer Matt Sanchez, according to the band's website. The group is known for their hit song “Best Day of My Life”.
Ricky Martin
Ricky Martin is a true icon. They also made waves over the past year, appearing as the longtime lover of Gianni Versace, in American Crime Story: The Assassination of Gianni Versace. When talking about the role to ABC News recently, Martin said, “It's an incredibly important story to tell. If we only see the injustice around this crime it obviously inspired me to be a part of this cast. For me as an actor, it was heavy, it was intense. It was extremely emotional. I lived as Antonio for nine months of shooting.”
Brandon Victor Dixon
Dixon is most recently known for their role as Judas Iscariot in NBC's Jesus Christ Superstar Live in Concert, opposite John Legend. For Dixon's 4th of July appearance, they will be joined by the Harlem Gospel Choir, who will perform a special rendition of “America the Beautiful” with him. It actually takes an entire year to program the music and arrangements for the annual event, so planning reportedly begins once the previous show ends. According to Macy's, it also takes 8,000 hours to plan the fireworks displays and execute them properly.
Blake Shelton
It's a reunion of Voice coaches at this year's 4th of July spectacular. Both Blake Shelton and Kelly Clarkson most recently appeared on season 14 of The Voice together and now they are taking on Macy's fireworks display. Recently, Shelton's longtime girlfriend Gwen Stefani started their Las Vegas residency and they told People that he's already seen the show multiple times.
Keith Urban
Keith Urban is also taking the stage for the big event and, according to Broadway World, Urban is bringing in Julia Michaels to join them in their performance. According to Billboard, the two musicians came out with a song together called “Coming Home,” so perhaps they will perform this piece. Previously, the two performed at the ACM Awards together as well.
Intersolar North America 2018, Booth #8319 -- Darfon America Corp. is showcasing its series of energy storage products with improved features and functionality at Intersolar North America 2018. Among the models upgraded are the H200 and H300 hybrid energy storage systems and the H5001 hybrid inverter.
More Headlines Articles
"We got a lot of good feedback and suggestions from customers and installers about our products within the last year. And based on the feedback we received, we have been working hard to improve our products," said Frank O'Young, Darfon Associate VP.The H200 is an energy storage solution that integrates lithium batteries and the H5000 hybrid inverter into a 19" industrial enclosure. The H200 now offers Panasonic LNMC and Dragonfly LFP as battery options. The wiring terminals have been relocated to the backside of the H200 for easy access and speedy installation. The distribution panel was also redesigned with micro breakers thus making it more compact and increasing the battery bay space to allow up to 30kWh of battery storage.The H300 is a wall-mounted energy storage solution that consists of the H5001 hybrid inverter and a 5kWh LNMC battery. The H300 solution is now available in a 10kWh configuration using two battery packs and a master box.The H5001 hybrid inverter has undergone some physical changes. The H5001 now comes with a lockable distribution box and lockable external PV disconnect for extra security. The conduit knockouts are laser-cut for easy removal and consistency in size. Also, the access cover is easier to remove for installers to program the AP registers.In all three models, the hybrid inverter fans have been upgraded for more precise temperature control. The hybrid inverters have also been improved to handle in-rush overload with 120V circuits. There is also an optional generator start-up kit, if needed. The H200, H300 and H5001 are available now through authorized distributors.About Darfon ElectronicsDarfon Electronics Corp. is the world's leading notebook keyboard and power supply manufacturer with more than 1,200 global patents and 16,000 employees worldwide. Utilizing its power supply and integrated material expertise, Darfon manufactures off-grid/hybrid/microinverters, energy storage and a microinverter installation solution. The company controls cost and quality by designing, engineering, procuring, SMT/DIP, assembling and testing its products in-house. To learn about Darfon solar products, please visit to www.darfonsolar.com.
In their biggest game of the regular season, the Bowie Jackrabbits prevailed against Holliday to take sole possession of first place in the district.
Both teams came in with only one district loss. Holliday gave the Jackrabbits their one loss in the first round of district play, so it was sweet revenge as they won 54-47.
The game got off to a fast start by both teams. Bowie was able to pound the ball inside early while Holliday kept knocking down open corner 3s, taking a one point 16-15 lead into the second quarter.
Both teams quieted down in the second quarter as the pace slowed and the defenses picked up. Holliday did a good job of finding open 3s and were knocking them down in the first half through getting dribble penetration into the lane only to kick out to open shooters as the defense converged. Neither team could get any substantial lead as Holliday led 25-24 at halftime.
The Jackrabbits were able to get a bit of an edge on Holliday in the third quarter by pushing the ball more off of rebounds to get easier looks and playing a little better defense. Holliday still made enough 3s here and there to keep the game close as Bowie led 40-37 heading into the fourth quarter.
To read more, pick up a weekend edition of the Bowie News.
Image copyright Heatherwick Studio Image caption A review of the project said more than £37m had already been spent
A £200m plan to build a bridge covered with trees across the River Thames in central London has officially been abandoned.
The Garden Bridge Trust has announced that it is winding up the project due to a lack of support from the mayor.
In April, Sadiq Khan said they would not provide the financial guarantee needed for planning permission.
A review of the project said £37.4m had been spent and it would cost taxpayers £46.4m if it was cancelled.
Since the mayor's decision, the trust has been looking at other funding options, including speaking to the government. It said that all potential benefactors and trustees decided the project could not happen without the support of the mayor.
'Sad day'
In a letter to Mr Khan, the trust's chairperson Lord Davies said: "We are incredibly sad that we have not been able to make the dream of the Garden Bridge a reality and that the mayor does not feel able to continue with the support they initially gave us."
They said the trust had raised £70m of private money towards the project and had satisfied most of the planning permission conditions.
"The Garden Bridge would have been a unique place; a beautiful new green space in the heart of London, free to use and open to all, showcasing the best of British talent and innovation," Lord Davies said.
"It is all the more disappointing because the trust was set up at the request of TfL (Transport for London), the organisation headed up by the mayor, to deliver the project. It is a sad day for London because it is sending out a message to the world that we can no longer deliver such exciting projects."
Image copyright Arup Image caption Dame Margaret Hodge's review said the Garden Bridge's costs were spiralling out of control
A review into whether the Garden Bridge offered taxpayers value for money said the project should be scrapped.
TfL had pledged £30m, but £20m of that was to be a loan, and the rest was from central government.
When they announced their decision not to back the bridge, Mr Khan said the project would expose taxpayers to financial risk.
"I have been clear that this should not be allowed to happen. Accordingly, the GLA (Greater London Authority) is unable to provide mayoral guarantees for this project.
"I regret that the significant expenditure of public funds and effort from both public bodies and the Garden Bridge Trust has not led to a situation where I can provide the guarantees requested."
Mr Khan has been asked for their response to the latest development.
BBC London's transport correspondent Tom Edwards said: "It was never really a transport project, it was a tourist attraction and crucially in 2012 no-one asked locals if they wanted it."
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Hillsboro hosted Washington High School on Friday for the Indians homecoming game and emerged victorious, 41 – 34, in a hard fought back and forth game.
The Blue Lions defense came out of the gates strong as they forced the Indians to go four and out of their opening drive of the game.
The Washington offense took over at their own 20-yard line after a beautiful punt by the Indians went for a touch back. The Blue Lions mixed run and pass plays seamlessly on the drive as Richard Burns found open receivers and Jacob Rice exploited creases in the Indians defense. But the Fayette County representatives were unable to capitalize on a strong start and were forced to punt.
Hillsboro got the ball back on their own 26-yard line and proceeded to run the ball for six consecutive plays culminating in a scintillating 49-yard touchdown run by Keets to open the scoring for the Indians. The extra point was good off the foot of Britton Haines to put Hillsboro up 7 – 0 with 5:12 to go in the first quarter.
Washington immediately answered with a scoring drive of their own featuring a heavy dose of runs from Rice and a 32 yard strike from R. Burns to Eli Lynch for a touchdown. The extra point was good for the Blue Lions to tie the score at 7 – 7 with three minutes to go in the first quarter.
A seven play drive for the Indians ended in a punt that gave the Blue Lions the ball back on their own 28. On the second play of the drive Washington dialed up a flea flicker as Rice connected with Lynch for a huge 54 yard gain. Six plays later Burns tossed an eight yard touchdown to Lynch to give Washington their first lead at 14 – 7 following the successful point after.
The Indians would not go away however, as they strung together a five play scoring drive on the backs of Deon Burns and Keets who both had explosive plays to get the Indians rolling again. The drive came to a conclusion when Burns rumbled up the middle for a 17 yard score. The ensuing extra point was good enabling the Indians to tie the game at 14 apiece.
The wild first half continued as the Blue Lions had an answer of their own after Burns threw an interception into the hand of Mark Gallimore. Gallimore fumbled on the return and the Blue Lions recovered and scored two plays later than R. Burns threw their third touchdown of the night. A two point conversion attempt for Washington was stopped resulting in a 20 – 14 lead for the Blue Lions.
Hillsboro would have none of it as they promptly took the ball 75 yards to even the game at 20 – 20. An extra point attempt by Haines missed leaving the game tied.
Hillsboro got the ball back before the half as the Blue Lions went three and out and were forced to punt. The ensuing drive saw the Indians start on their own 42 and piece together a nine play scoring drive that was capped off by D. Burns' second touchdown of the night, the extra point was good to give Hillsboro a 27 – 20 lead headed into half time.
The Blue Lions got the ball to start the second half and went straight down the field in six plays to score and tie the game for the fourth and final time 27 – 27.
Another long drive for Hillsboro was capped off with the third touchdown of the night by D. Burns who scampered in from 10 yards out o give the Indians a 34 – 27 lead after the extra point.
After successfully holding the Blue Lions out of the end zone on two straight trips the Indians added the dagger on a 12 play drive the resulted in a 36 yard touchdown run by Devon Gallimore that, combined with a successful extra point, put the Indians up 41 – 27 with just over six minutes to play.
Following a nine play drive that featured six passing plays the Blue Lions were able to get on the board again as Rice scored from four yards out and the extra point was good to get Washington to within 41 – 34.
The Blue Lions had a chance to tie it on a pass from R. Burns but it was intercepted by the Indians in the endzone. However, the Blue Lions were able to get another chance Hillsboro fumbled on their first play following the interception to give the ball right back to Washington. But it was not to be as Mason Swayne broke up a touchdown pass in the corner of the end zone to force a turnover on downs and salt the game away.
Hillsboro head coach Jack O'Rourke said after the game, “The kids stepped up on the defensive side of the ball, they wanted to win the game.”
Hillsboro will be at home again next week as the host the Jackson Ironmen looking to add another win to their 5 – 2 record and 1 – 1 league record.
Reach Ryan Applegate at 937-402-2572, or on Twitter @RCApplegate89.
http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2017/10/web1_Keets-Rumbles-1.jpg
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. (AP) — Rob Gronkowski gets to play in this year's Super Bowl after missing last year's game with a bad back. Zach Ertz gets the chance to match their wife, Julie , a soccer star who's already won a world championship.
Super Bowl 52 could come down to which of these terrific tight ends shines brighter.
The two had similar statistics and impact on their team's fortunes this season.
Gronkowski led the New England Patriots with 69 catches for 1,084 yards and eight touchdowns.
Ertz led the Philadelphia Eagles with 74 catches for 824 yards and eight TDs — double their previous career best.
Ertz also has 11 grabs for 125 yards in the playoffs and Gronkowski has seven catches for 102 yards and a touchdown in the playoffs despite missing most of the AFC championship against Jacksonville after taking a helmet-to-helmet hit from Barry Church before halftime.
That led to concerns Gronkowski might miss their second straight Super Bowl. They were sidelined for last year's 34-28 overtime win against Atlanta after undergoing back surgery.
Gronk, however, returned to practice Thursday and said they are “ready to roll” after clearing the concussion protocol.
They said they never doubted he'd get to play Sunday.
“There was no reason to get frustrated,” Gronkowski said. “We had that extra week, which was awesome.”
The return of the All-Pro tight end gives Tom Brady another key option against a punishing Eagles defense that ranked fourth in the league.
“He's a dynamic player. They mean a ton to our offense. They really have since they got to our team. It's always great when he's out there,” Brady said.
“I've played with them a long time, I've thrown them a lot of footballs. They know exactly what to do, they know where to expect the ball, when to expect it. He's just a tremendous player for our team.”
Ertz is just as important to Nick Foles and the Eagles' offense.
The fifth-year pro made their first Pro Bowl this season, leading all NFC tight ends in receptions. They added eight catches for 93 yards in the NFC championship game against Minnesota.
Despite their breakout season and postseason, Ertz knows they won't be the best tight end on the field Sunday. Gronkowski led all NFL tight ends in receiving yards for the fourth time.
Gronk is the gold standard.
“He's a beast after the catch, I think that kind of separates them from all the other tight ends,” Ertz said. “And he's also able to be open even when he's not open because he's got such a big frame and extremely good ball skills. And obviously Tom Brady is a phenomenal quarterback, too, but even without Tom, I think they would still be doing the same type of things regardless of where they are.”
Ertz knows the numbers off the top of their head, too.
“He has all the (single season) tight end records in the league,” Ertz said. He's got the yards — 1,327 — and he's got the touchdowns — 17 — he's just a phenomenal player.”
With a pair of Super Bowl rings.
That's what Ertz really covets, a world championship like the one their wife won in 2015 as a midfielder for the World Cup-winning U.S. national soccer team.
“Julie won a World Cup two years ago,” Ertz said, “so I need to hold up my end of the bargain.”
The “It” couple in the NFL was married last March after a romance that started when Julie, then Julie Johnston, was an emerging soccer star at Santa Clara and Zach was playing at Stanford.
The two were apart when the Eagles clinched their spot in the Super Bowl with a 38-7 victory over the Minnesota Vikings. Julie was in San Diego for a national team match against Denmark. They were among the players who scored in the 5-1 victory.
Afterward, when they were told Zach was going to the Super Bowl, they burst into tears .
“Zach knew I was there obviously in spirit and I was praying for them and I was excited for them and cheering them from miles away,” they said.
“It's a part of our job and we sacrifice a lot, and time's the biggest thing. But to find out that they are going to the Super Bowl was amazing, exciting, emotional. It's really cool to see your loved one's hard work pay off.”
Ertz said it was hard for them watching other players' celebrate with their wives “but seeing that video kind of showed me that they were struggling not being there, too.
“And it was extremely difficult for us not being together like it is anytime we're not together. But she's here now, I'm lucky she's here. I'm blessed that she's here and I'm excited hopefully to be able to experience that again.”
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
This image released by Relativity Media shows Kate Bosworth, left, and Richard Gere in a scene from "Movie 43." Jessica Miglio AP
× Joe's Solar Eclipse Blog (Part 2): Don't trust the long range cloud forecasts (yet) (MON-8/14)
Just a friendly reminder that I wouldn't put a lot of credence in the 5,6, or 7 day clouds forecasts quite yet. Again as I mentioned in the Part 1 of the Solar Eclipse Blogs on Saturday there is little skill in forecasting the extent of clouds covering our neck of the woods from so far out. Model data could show one thing…but reality will be something else as we head towards the weekend and confidence increases in what could happen. The right set-up and we're good…but weird things are happening this month it seems and high clouds are always a concern amongst other possibilities. Overall though I remain optimistic because during this time of the year…we're supposed to have a sun/scattered cloud weather set-up…and hopefully the clouds will be “scattered” enough.
Part 2 of the continuing blogs on the eclipse will answer some additional questions for you…including the main one.
Will I be able to see it? I did a FB Live on Sunday night talking about this and there were soooo many of you who didn't know for sure. I showed a ton of graphics…but there is a web site that is easy to use to see IF you get “totality” (excellent) or a partial eclipse (cool but not “once in a lifetime). Click on this link for a Google map application from NASA. You can click on the map and place a marker where you are going to be that day (8/21). This will answer all your location issues. Pay particular attention to the Downtown KC vicinity and notice how “totality” cuts through the city. You REALLY want to be a bit farther north than south on this one. Get between those BLUE lines! So about those glasses? YES you need them…and there's a problem. A LOT of you purchased them from Amazon but now we're hearing that emails are going out with warnings about the quality of said glasses. I don't know what to tell you aside from the fact that you need to make sure they are ISO labeled with specific notation (ISO 12312-2:2015)I believe. I on't know a lot about this but it's an issue for sure. Please google check this information out…I don't want any situations because of what you bought. Here is more information from a new link . Do I ever take them off? YES…ONLY DURING TOTALITY! IF you don't get totality…they stay on the WHOLE TIME. Then right after totality…put them back on. Are there other ways of watching the eclipse indirectly and safely? YES…by creating a “pinhole” viewer. Here is a VERY SIMPLE process of making one…via timeanddate.com…
DIY: Simple Card Projector
The simplest and quickest way to safely project the Sun is with a projector made from only 2 pieces of card or paper.
You Need:
2 pieces of stiff white cardboard, e.g. 2 paper plates
alternatively, 2 sheets of plain white paper
a thumbtack, a sharp pin, or a needle
What to Do:
To make a quick version of the pinhole projector, take a sheet of paper and make a tiny hole in the middle of it using a pin or a thumbtack. Make sure that the hole is round and smooth.
With your back towards the Sun, hold 1 piece of paper above your shoulder allowing the Sun to shine on the paper.
The 2nd sheet of paper will act as a screen. Hold it at a distance, and you will see an inverted image of the Sun projected on the paper screen through the pinhole.
To make the image of the Sun larger, hold the screen paper further away from the paper with the pinhole.
5) But I want to make something more sturdy since the kids will be using it. No problem…then you “step up” to a box projector. This a a bit more of a process though…again via timeanddate.com
Projector Using a Box
This type of pinhole projector works on the same principle as a basic pinhole projector. However, the box makes this projector much sturdier and easier to set on a surface. And it only requires a few extra items to construct.
You Need:
a long cardboard box or tube
scissors
duct tape
aluminum foil
a pin or a thumbtack
a sharp knife or paper cutter
a sheet of white paper
What to Do:
Cut a rectangular hole at the end of the box. You can tape 2 boxes together to make a long box. The longer the box, the larger the projected image.
Using the scissors, cut out a piece of the aluminum foil slightly larger than the rectangular hole. Make sure the foil is completely flat and not crinkled.
Tape the foil over the rectangular hole in the box.
Use the pin to poke a tiny hole in the center of the foil.
Tape the sheet of paper on the inside of the other end of the box.
Stand with your back toward the Sun. Place the box over your head with the pinhole towards the Sun. Adjust your position until you see a small projection, a reversed image, of the eclipsed Sun on the paper inside the box.
6) What are Bailey's Beads? This is actually pretty cool to witness…again ONLY during totality can this be seen. It occurs because the moon has hills and valleys on it's surface. As the moon blocks the sun…the light of the sun goes through the various valleys and around the mountain peaks and can be seen from earth. They almost look like sparkling diamonds.
This is just another reason why YOU HAVE TO EXPERIENCE TOTALITY!!!!!!! You miss out on all this stuff IF you “only” get a partial eclipse. 99.8% coverage is partial! You have to be where it's 100% covered!!!!!
7) Can I photograph this? YES you can BUT…be careful that a) you don't ruin your cell phone camera (use a filter) and b) that you don't stare at the sun (w/o glasses) to make sure your phone is shooting this correctly. There is a lot of information in this article for photographers…I'm not very good with that stuff…but IF you are…here you go!
8) Do I need to be away from the city to see this and away from the lights? This is coming up more and more…NO! As long as you're in the path of TOTALITY…you're good to go. Don't worry about the lights…this is a daytime thing. I think some are confusing this with night-time events…for example the northern lights and/or meteors.
9) I'm hearing things about weird shadows or something crazy? YES this is true they're called “shadow bands” and they apparently do look sort of “weird”. Here is more information from NASA about that phenomena…
What are “shadow bands?”
These are among the most ephemeral phenomena that observers see during the few minutes before and after a total solar eclipse. They appear as a multitude of faint rapidly moving bands that can be seen by placing a white sheet of paper several feet square on the ground. They look like ripples of sunshine at the bottom of a swimming pool, and their visibility varies from eclipse to eclipse. 19th century observers interpreted them as interference fringes caused by some kind of diffraction phenomenon. The Sun, however, is hardly a “point source” and the patterns are more random than you might expect from diffraction effects.
The simplest explanation is that they arise from atmospheric turbulence. When light rays pass through eddies in the atmosphere, they are refracted. Unresolved distant sources simply “twinkle,” but for nearby large objects, the incoming light can be split into interfering bundles that recombine on the ground to give mottled patterns of light and dark bands, or portions of bands. Near totality, the image of the Sun is only a thin crescent a few arc seconds wide, which is about the same size as the atmospheric eddies as seen from the ground. Bands are produced because the Sun's image is longer in one direction than another. The bands move, not at the rate you would expect for the eclipse, but at a speed determined by the motion of the atmospheric eddies.
10) How fast do they travel? FAST…over 1000 mph and in some cases close to 1700 mph!
OK that will do it for this edition!
Joe
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) — Several police departments are warning users to not share a video that's been circulating on Facebook.
Authorities say the video shows a pornographic image of a young girl and an adult man.
After the video began circulating Facebook, several law enforcement agencies throughout the country began investigating.
Those agencies are also warning people to not share the video because it is illegal.
Memphis police say if a pornographic image shows up on your page, you need to contact Facebook immediately and delete it from your account.
“Sharing said image is considered distribution and you could be criminally charged for doing so,” the department said. “We understand that sharing information sometimes brings a criminal to justice, but sharing amongst Facebook friends is not the way to do it.”
Police say once the image is reported on Facebook, the company will notify law enforcement immediately.
According to Memphis police, the video is being handled by a law enforcement agency in Alabama.
Other agencies, including the Chicago Police Department, have said they are investigating as well. According to the Chicago Sun-Times, social media users began contacting authorities “regularly” to report the video Friday night.
TAMPA, Fla. — A pug named Guido is back at home more than a month after their owner's car was stolen with the dog inside.
The reunion happened thanks to an anonymous tip called into Florida's Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office.
Spokesman Danny Alvarez said in a news release that Donald Murray's car was stolen on May 29, with no sign of Guido.
Murray's car was found abandoned behind a grocery store and an employee at a dry-cleaning business found Guido wandering around. Another employee, Karlene Rowell, took Guido home and cared for him.
When a tip came in, investigators took Murray to Rowell's house on Tuesday night. They confirmed the dog was Guido. Alvarez said Rowell and their family were sad to say goodbye, but happy Guido was reunited with Murray.
A £500 fine was imposed on a 21-year-old man last Wednesday at Craigavon Magistrates Court for a drugs offence.
Luke Smith, Olde Golf Links, Portadown, was charged with unlawful possession of a class B drug, cannabis resin, on August 4 last year.
They did not appear in court and was convicted in theirs absence.
A public prosecutor said that at 11.30pm on the Corcrain Road police stopped the defendant and detected a smell of cannabis from inside the vehicle.
Cannabis was found in Smith's right hand trouser pocket. They admitted it belonged to them and was for their own personal use
Image caption Twins: Is separation in school a good idea?
Should twins be taught separately or kept together?
Recent research says the decision on whether to separate twins should not be dictated by school policy but should be left to the families themselves.
Here are the views of three mothers.
Melissa, mum to seven-year-old twins, wanted their children to be kept together
"I went for our school because it was one-form entry and the twins could be kept together and there wouldn't be an issue," says Melissa.
"I just thought starting school is a big enough change for them and not the time to separate children who've always been together.
"I felt it would be too much of a wrench to go through that change because they'd always spent a lot of time together."
Image caption Melissa chose a school that would mean their twins could be together
When looking at potential primary schools, Melissa said they found the prevailing policy was to put twins in different classes.
"Where it's not a one-form entry, in my experience, schools tend to separate twins.
"When I looked at schools, most of them said their policy is to place twins in difference classes, but then I asked why and no-one seemed to know where that policy came from."
They put this down to modern expectations around independence.
"I think there's a fear that they'll grow up dependent on each other.
"In this country we push children to be independent at a very young age - they start school early, mothers are encouraged to go back to work and put them in childcare.
"So the expectation is, 'You've got to go to school and stand on your own two feet.'
"But I think parents should be asked - parents should be able to say what they want for their children."
Melissa says although their twins are in the same class, they have their own friendship groups at school and go to different clubs.
"They are very close, but they are not dependent on each other and they are very, very different.
"They're quite open to what the future holds school-wise, but they'd prefer to go to the same secondary school."
Mary, mum to 15-year-old twins, decided to separate their girls
Mary says their girls were always very close. They were very shy out of the home and spoke only to selected people.
"When they went to nursery they rarely spoke to the teacher and shared the same friend. So to cut a long story short, that is why we placed them in the same class at school to start with.
"School is a major event in a child's life so to separate them would have been extremely traumatic for them."
However, Mary soon realised being together was not the best thing for them daughters.
"By halfway through their first year at school it became obvious that the following year they would need to be separated - they were coming out of their shells and developing their own different personalities.
"Yianna, the second-born twin, started to tell us that at school Angelique, the first-born, was always telling them what to do in class and wanting them to sit with them all the time and choose the same activities as them and they didn't want to, but said they had to because they said it made Angelique sad."
Image caption Mary took the decision to separate their twins at school
Mary says there were many advantages when they put the girls into separate classes.
"They became more independent of each other and didn't rely on each other in the class. They made new friends in the classroom but still played together at break and lunchtime.
"They began to speak more in the classroom not looking for confirmation from each other. Yianna especially became more confident and was free to make choices whether good or bad and pleasing herself.
"The other wonderful thing that happened was the conversation at the dinner table every evening as they compared their classes and experiences - previously it was generally about complaints they had about each other."
Mary is also a teacher and believes a rigid school policy either way on twin separation is not appropriate.
"As a teacher I truly believe that you cannot make a decision about separating twins without consulting and discussing with the parents - they know their children best.
"As teachers we can make recommendations and discuss with parents and give them the pros and cons.
"The personalities of the twins play a big role, as does their gender - from experience boy/girls twins generally don't seem to interact as much in the classroom or in the playground as same-sex twins do."
Mary stresses that, to begin with, the girls were not happy about the decision to split them up.
"Originally, when we told them that they would be in separate classes, I won't lie, they were distraught.
"I think the neighbours must have thought we were torturing them as they cried and howled for hours."
Rachael, mum to five-year-old twins, believes they will "find their own way regardless"
Like Melissa's twins, Rachael's children attend a small school, so putting their son and daughter in different classes was not an option.
"I had no questions whatsoever about them going into the same class. It never occurred to me to separate them because they're so independent - their likes and dislikes are very different and they are very different."
But while they are happy for them to be in the same class, Rachael is equally happy for their children to be separated.
Image caption Rachael believes it should be up to families to decide
"I've never felt any obligation to keep them together because they're so close at home and their bond is so close, the family bond is there but they are individuals and I want to see their strengths shine as individuals.
"I personally believe that the children are individuals and they'll find their own way regardless of whether they're split or put together.
"I'd send them to separate schools if necessary, if I thought it was best - it wouldn't cross my mind not to do what's best for each individual child.
"It's each family's decision.
"I disagree it [separation] should be the school policy, but I definitely think it should come down to what's best for the child - and that doesn't necessarily mean the children are going to like it!"
An artist in Philadelphia created a stunning mural of a massive eagle clutching New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, as spotted by Dan McQuade.
Excellent new mural on the 800 block of Bainbridge pic.twitter.com/mW2W9iEous — Dan McQuade (@dhm) February 1, 2018
Putting pressure on Tom Brady, as this eagle is effortlessly demonstrating, could be Philadelphia's key to victory.
Like many Israelis visiting Europe, Leeor Brooks is keenly aware of their compatriots' reputation abroad for rudeness.
The boorish stereotype is so well known that it has its own term there – “the ugly Israeli” – and been the subject of many an awareness-raising campaign. There's even an entire nonprofit, Good Will Ambassadors, devoted solely to educating Israelis to behave better abroad.
But Brooks isn't part of that effort. A professional wrestler who tours Europe regularly, they have taken the “ugly Israeli” to new levels, building around it an entire persona called “The Chutzpah.”The characteristics of The Chutzpah “are pretty straightforward,” the 28-year-old told the Israel Broadcasting Corp. on a recent interview. “An Israeli who doesn't give a f**k, an**hole who'd do anything to win. A classic villain.”Wearing their white-and-blue spandex costume emblazoned with a star of David, Brooks likes to deliver short, insulting introductions before their matches.“All my life I didn't understand why my grandfather left Prague to Israel,” they said at a recent match in the Czech Republic. “But now that I'm here, I can fully understand why they did that move: Your country stinks! Your president is corrupt, he's a drunk!” they hollered as the audience booed, many of them smiling. “Everybody here tonight can kiss my ass!”During the choreographed fight — a match that involves real blows, enormous exertion and plenty of theatrics — Brooks delivers what they call a “krav maga kick” to their Hungarian adversary's groin.Brooks' shtick involves plenty of pre-match insults. (Courtesy of ZMAK)As the rival lies on the mat feigning unconsciousness, Brooks ceremoniously puts on a kippah and shouts out in Hebrew: “Blessed are You, Lord our God, king of the universe, amen!” as they land their so-called “chosen people elbow blow” on the prostrate athlete.The crowd chants “f**k you Leeor” as Brooks flips them the finger.“I was looking for the boos,” Brooks, a 6′ 1,” 220-pound redhead, told the Israeli film crew in Prague in January, as they were squeezing sweat out of their ponytail. “I'm not here to be a crowd-pleaser.”Soft spoken, polite and eloquent in English and Hebrew, their real-life demeanor seems the opposite of the loud-mouthed, trash talking brute they portray on stage.“Most fans nowadays know that professional wrestling is in fact theatrical sport and not a competitive competition, so you mainly work on their emotion with your skills in and out of the ring,” Brooks told JTA.“I guess it's sort of like a stand-up comedy or a movie, just that you wear tights and your stage is the ring,” they added. But ultimately, it “is all about putting smiles on people's faces.”Brooks, a video editor and personal trainer from Netanya, is currently pursuing a stand-up comedy career.  They are a popular performer among wrestling promoters in Europe. They book them for matches on a monthly and sometimes weekly basis.That's no small feat in a field that's saturated with hundreds of performer-athletes, each plugging their own shtick in the hope of landing gigs. There are hundreds of wrestling leagues with varying degrees of professionalism, Brooks said.“The competition is nuts, you have hundreds upon hundreds of different wrestlers and you have to find a unique niche to find an audience,” they said.Brooks began wrestling in 2012 under a different persona, or gimmick, as they are known in the field. A wrestler told them in 2015 that they should create an Israeli character. Initially, Brooks expected their persona to appeal to Jews. But they also ended up a favorite of sorts among non-Jewish audiences who respond to their act because it's provocative, at times funny, unique and stereotypical.Backstage, Brooks drops their act and chats amicably with a German colleague whose stage name is Robert Kaiser and whose wrestling character is a neo-Nazi. Sharing a name with a prominent member of Adolf Hitler's inner circle, they wear black shirts and boots while wielding a baseball bat on stage.Chuckling, Brooks suggests to Kaiser that they team up for a stage rivalry known as a feud: “The Jew boy fights the neo-Nazi.” Kaiser smiles and shrugs. Brooks asks what makes Kaiser's get-up neo-Nazi.“Well, it's typical German neo-Nazi gear, called Pegida,” says Kaiser, naming the anti-immigration movement in Germany. (Its leaders deny any connection to or affinity with neo-Nazis.)Kaiser, a 35-year-old semi-professional wrestler since 2011, likes to speak about their “grandfather's legacy” ahead of matches in countries, like the Czech Republic, that Germany occupied during World War II. They often rant on stage about “foreigners.” But off stage, they are trained by two Muslims: Ahmed Chaer and Ali Aslan – themselves professional wrestlers.As for Brooks, their persona receives the most responses in Greece, they said.“The Greek fans were the loudest crowd I have encountered, and surprisingly I became a fan favorite over there,” they added.During a tournament last month in Ipswich near London, they suddenly found themselves being cheered during the Pro Wrestling World Cup, before losing to a local challenger in the quarterfinals.“I guess in some parts of the United Kingdom, locals are on the Israeli side? Can't say any fans came up to me and claimed they were Jews,” Brooks told JTA.Back home, Brooks has a fan in their father, a professional wrestling enthusiast who introduced their son to the game.“My mom on the other hand,” Brooks said, “she doesn't care for it but sometimes likes to watch, less for the physical side of things and more for the entertainment value.”
The Russ Parr Morning Show
Your browser does not support iframes.
Doctors removed a roach from a woman's head! Click on the audio player to hear more on this on The Russ Parr Morning Show.
Follow @RussParrShow
Keep Up With The Russ Parr Morning Show … LIKE Him On Facebook!
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
FRANKFURT — The Frankfurt zoo is showing off its first lion cubs in 15 years.
The mother, Zarina, gave birth to triplets April 14, and kept a close eye on their offspring as they took their first steps in the zoo's lion enclosure on Wednesday.
The father, 12-year-old Kumar, is being kept apart from 6-year-old Zarina and the cubs until zookeepers are sure that the mother will tolerate their presence. The Asian lion cubs haven't yet been named, and keepers believe — but aren't yet sure — that two of them are male.
Related Coverage Counselors, deputy wanted Nikolas Cruz institutionalized long before Florida school massacre
NEW YORK (AP) — Students from the Florida high school where 17 people were fatally shot last month expect more than 1 million participants in upcoming marches in Washington and elsewhere calling for gun regulations, students said Monday.
More than 800 March for Our Lives demonstrations are planned around the world Saturday, sparked by the Feb. 14 shooting in Parkland, Florida.
“It just shows that the youth are tired of being the generation where we're locked in closets and waiting for police to come in case of a shooter,” Alex Wind, a junior at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, told The Associated Press.
“We're sick and tired of having to live with this normalcy of turning on the news and watching a mass shooting,” they added.
Since the massacre, Stoneman Douglas students have been at the forefront of a push to tighten gun restrictions and protect schools.
They have led rallies and lobbied lawmakers in Washington and Florida's capital, Tallahassee. Last Wednesday, tens of thousands of students around the U.S. walked out of their classrooms to demand action on gun violence and school safety. Stoneman Douglas students fanned out Monday to discuss the marches with media outlets in New York, including NBC's “Today” show and “CBS This Morning.”
The National Rifle Association didn't immediately respond to an inquiry Monday about the upcoming marches. The group has said any effort to prevent future school shootings needs to “keep guns out of the hands of those who are a danger to themselves or others, while protecting the rights of law-abiding Americans.”
Amid the wave of activism, Florida passed a law curbing young peoples' access to rifles; the NRA has sued to try to block it. Some major U.S. retailers decided to curb the sale of assault-style rifles or stop selling firearms to people younger than 21.
But Congress has shown little appetite for new gun regulations. President Donald Trump at one point proposed raising the minimum age for buying an assault rifle to 21 but then backed off, citing a lack of political support.
The Republican president has since released a school safety plan that includes strengthening the federal background check system and helping states pay for firearms training for teachers, while assigning the buying-age issue to a commission to study.
A petition associated with Saturday's march calls for banning sales of assault weapons and large-capacity ammunition magazines, as well as tightening background checks.
The suspect in the Parkland shooting, 19-year-old former student Nikolas Cruz, used an AR-15 assault-style rifle, according to authorities. Their lawyer has said they will plead guilty in return for a life prison sentence, rather than possibly facing the death penalty.
The Associated Press reported Sunday that documents show some officials recommended in September 2016 that Cruz be involuntarily committed for a mental evaluation, though the recommendation was never acted upon. Such a commitment would have made it more difficult, if not impossible, for Cruz to get a gun legally.
Beyond making a statement, Saturday's marches aim to make political change by registering and mobilizing people to vote.
But the students insist their aim isn't partisan: “We're just trying to make sure that morally just people are running this country,” Stoneman Douglas senior Ryan Deitsch told the AP.
As soon-to-be voters, the students say they're here to stay in the public debate.
“We are not just a presence on Twitter. We are not just some social media fad. We're not like Tide Pods,” Deitsch said, referring to the laundry detergent packets that recently sparked a dangerous social-media-fueled trend of teenagers eating them.
“We're trying to push this idea that we have a voice, that people can speak out, and that that voice should be heard,” Deitsch said.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — The mass shooting in Las Vegas heightened our awareness of the importance to have an exit plan if something happens.
Would you know what to do in a similar situation?
Minnesota company Archway Defense trains people how to respond to an active shooter.
It's difficult to imagine being in the middle of this kind of situation — and that's where Archway's Peter Johnson comes in.
“I can't protect everybody at all times from everything,” Johnson said. “But I can empower people to take charge of their own personal protection.”
The veteran and former Federal Air Marshal arms people with knowledge. Johnson acknowledges concert-goers in Las Vegas could not have prevented or known what was about to happen.
“After it starts, that's where you can do something about it. Once you know about it, then it's how quickly can I get out of this situation? What's my skill set on emergency medical?” Johnson said.
They say it's important to have simple awareness of your surroundings when you arrive. Know where the exits are and where you can find hard cover.
“When you're in the middle of it, trust your gut. When your gut tells you that something is seriously wrong, despite what anyone else has to say, get out of that situation,” Johnson said.
It can be challenging in a crowd, but Johnson says listen for where the threat is coming from — and head in the opposite direction.
“The hardest part of shooting would be to shoot a moving, somebody who's moving, especially fast,” they said. “So one of the worst things you can do is just hunker down in an open space. If you can get out, get out and move as fast as you can.”
Johnson admits a shooter aiming from above is new. Law enforcement will have to address that in training and with technology.
“Now this is something more reminiscent of what the military has to train for, at engaging at hundreds of yards as opposed to tens of feet,” Johnson said.
During the Las Vegas massacre, ordinary people became first responders. Johnson recommends everyone have basic medical training.
They say two small things you can pick up at your local store are key to carry with you: a tourniquet and QuickClot. Both will help stop bleeding.
Australia's daily newspapers couldn't resist a good Kiwi joke after it emerged that our deputy prime minister Barnaby Joyce was a dual citizen.
On Monday, Joyce became the latest politician to become embroiled in the ongoing dual citizenship saga in parliament, when they conceded they are in fact a New Zealand citizen, due to their father being Kiwi.
Joyce has referred themselves to the High Court, but is so far refusing to resign or step aside from the ministry. The Labor opposition has argued that this is due to the one-seat majority the Turnbull government has in the House of Representatives, while the government claims to have advice from the solicitor-general suggesting that Joyce is in the clear.
As the biggest news in Australian politics this week, naturally, Australia's newspapers couldn't resist it.
ID 105143871 © Pattilabelle | Dreamstime
Win: A pair of tickets to the Ultimate New Year's Eve Party at Hyatt Regency St. Louis at the Arch
Contest Ends: Friday, December 15, 2017
Listen to Trish Gazall on KEZK all week for your chance to win a pair of tickets to the Ultimate New Year's Eve Party at Hyatt Regency St. Louis at the Arch.
Tickets include a full dinner buffet, open bar, champagne toast and live music featuring Dr. Zhivegas and Groovethang.
Tickets are on sale now.
Must be 18 years or older to enter. Contest ends Friday, December 15, 2017. Read the official contest rules.
MIAMI (AP) — Authorities said Friday that cables supporting a pedestrian bridge under construction in Florida were being tightened following a “stress test” when the 950-ton concrete span collapsed over traffic, killing at least six people, injuring 10 others and flattening an untold number of cars. Officials expected to find more bodies in the rubble. People who haven't heard from their loved ones congregated near the scene Friday. Jorge and Carol Fraga drove from West Palm Beach, fearing their relative's car was trapped beneath the bridge at Florida International University. Sixty-year-old Rolando Fraga, Jorge's uncle, lives in the area and frequently takes the nearby turnpike to work, but no one has heard from them since mid-day Thursday. “The waiting is so … I don't have words for that,” Carol Fraga said through tears. The $14.2 million project was supposed to be a hallmark of the faster, cheaper and less risky method of bridge-building promoted by the university. Slated to open in 2019, it would have provided safe passage over a canal and six lanes of traffic, and created a showpiece architectural feature connecting the FIU campus and the community of Sweetwater, where many students live.
As state and federal investigators worked to determine why the five-day-old span failed, Florida politicians pointed to the stress test and loosened cables as possible factors, and a police chief asked everyone not to jump to conclusions. “This is a tragedy that we don't want to re-occur anywhere in the United States,” said Juan Perez, director of the Miami-Dade police. “We just want to find out what caused this collapse to occur and people to die.” On Twitter, Miami-Dade Police asked people to contact the homicide bureau with any information about a cause. A Florida International University student was among the fatalities, and several construction workers were among the 10 people injured. One person died at a hospital, and Perez said five bodies were located with the help of cameras but not yet retrieved from vehicles crushed under the immense slab. No identities have been released. “We're not even going to talk numbers anymore because we expect to find other individuals down there,” Perez said.
Experts from the National Transportation Safety Board and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration joined police in taking over command of the scene Friday from first responders, who had spent hours racing to find survivors in the rubble of the 175-foot span using high-tech listening devices, trained sniffing dogs and search cameras. Florida Gov. Rick Scott said Thursday investigators will get to the bottom of “why this happened and what happened,” and if anyone did anything wrong, “we will hold them accountable.”
When finished, the bridge would have been supported from above, with a tall, off-center tower and cables attached to the walkway. That tower had not yet been installed, and it was unclear what builders were using as temporary supports. Andy Herman, a bridge engineer and former president of the American Society of Civil Engineers, told The Associated Press that its so-called “accelerated bridge construction” has been used for years without problems. They said municipalities like this method because it allows for building a bridge faster “because you're doing a lot of the work in a centralized location where you don't have to worry about being over traffic and then they drive it or lift it into place over the traffic with minimal downtime – so the advantage is that they can build it faster with less disruption to traffic.”
The school has long been interested in this kind of bridge design; in 2010, it opened an Accelerated Bridge Construction Center to “provide the transportation industry with the tools needed to effectively and economically utilize the principles of ABC to enhance mobility and safety, and produce safe, environmentally friendly, long-lasting bridges,” according to the university website. The project was a collaboration between MCM Construction, a Miami-based contractor, and Figg Bridge Design, based in Tallahassee. Figg is responsible for the iconic Sunshine Skyway Bridge across Tampa Bay. The FIU community, along with Sweetwater and county officials, held a “bridge watch party” on March 10 when the span was lifted from its temporary supports, rotated 90 degrees and lowered into what was supposed to be its permanent position.
Both companies have been involved in bridge collapses before. FIGG was fined in 2012 after a section of a bridge it was building in Virginia crashed onto railroad tracks and injured several workers, according to a story in The Virginian-Pilot. MCM, meanwhile, was accused of substandard work in a lawsuit filed this month by a worker injured when a makeshift bridge MCM built at Fort Lauderdale International Airport collapsed under their weight. Another dispute resulted in a $143,000 judgment against MCM over an “arguable collapse” at a Miami-Dade bridge project. A review of OSHA records, meanwhile, shows MCM has been fined for 11 safety violations in the past five years totaling more than $50,000 after complaints involving its Florida work sites.
Both companies expressed condolences for the victims and promised cooperation with investigators.
Stoner talks about going on tour with Giggs and their friendship with Tinie Tempah
Timelapse of giant Lego animals being built at we
See what happened when we met Wow Circus
Craig David nominated for best male Brit again af
Shirtless men take over the Magic Mike XXL premie
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rising star and blind Reading rapper Stoner has landed a spot supporting Giggs on their UK tour.
Stoner - also known as Deyonta - will be heading out with the grime star to warm up ahead of their Landlord tour shows, including dates in Birmingham, Manchester and Glasgow this month.
From growing up in Whitley to overcoming the odds after losing their sight, Stoner still remains humble, despite rubbing shoulders with the likes of Kano, Krept & Konan and Tinie Tempah.
In an exclusive interview with getreading, they revealed they and Tinie chat regularly to catch up and find out more about each other's latest projects - which for Stoner includes a hometown show.
On Friday, May 5, the 22-year-old will be making their Reading debut at Eva's nightclub in Hosier Street.
Stoner said: "This will be my first proper hometown show, post Giggs tour, it's gonna be mad.
"It feels good [to be performing in Reading] you know, that's what I want to do. It's about time - it feels like 'finally'.
"The club has just been refurbished and has a fresh vibe, so we're really excited to work with them for that."
Stoner's new mix tape Blind But Breathing is available now.
For all music, social, and business enquiries, contact Jemiah Douglin at blindbutbreathing@hotmail.com
Get your hands on tickets for Giggs' UK tour via Ticketmaster.
Best Ways To Celebrate World Humanitarian Day In MinnesotaWorld Humanitarian Day honors the selfless efforts of men and women who dedicate and give their lives in the service of others. Since 2009, World Humanitarian Day has been commemorated on August 19. In Minnesota, this significant day will be celebrated with summer charity events and volunteerism.
After soaring to $4,000 on exchange markets over the weekend, the bitcoin cryptocurrency is continuing to rise, topping a record $4,300 on Monday — nearly $1,000 above its rate one week ago, according to data from the Coinbase currency exchange.
Bitcoin settled back under the $4,300 mark after reaching a new high Monday morning, according to several exchanges that track the decentralized currency.
"The bitcoin market cap soared past $70 billion," says CryptoCoins News, adding that a "flippening" that has been anticipated for years in the cryptocurrency community had finally come to pass, as "bitcoin now has a greater total valuation than payment-processing behemoth PayPal."
A bitcoin could be bought for around $570 just 12 months ago — reflecting a rise of around 645 percent to today's exchange rate.
Reporting on the rise, the Coindesk site says the market capitalization of all cryptocurrencies reached a record $138 billion on Monday.
The steep ascent can be attributed to a number of factors, from political concerns to a recent split into two currencies — bitcoin classic and bitcoin cash. That change, which became official on Aug. 1, was made to give the currency a more robust infrastructure; it was also tied to a move to allow large trades in the currency to occur more frequently.
Formally introduced in 2009, bitcoin has steadily accumulated both users and investors. And blockchain, the technology that underlies bitcoin, has been embraced by both academics and banking giants such as Fidelity — which now lets customers track investments in cryptocurrency — and Goldman Sachs.
Other factors, such as bitcoin's role as a hedge against political uncertainty, also play a role. A finance executive tells CNBC that South Koreans have shown a "surge of interest" in the currency as the U.S. and North Korea trade threats. The network also says there's strong interest in bitcoin in Japan, with the yen accounting for 42 percent of bitcoin currency purchases.
It's been a heady summer for bitcoin holders. After the virtual currency hit a record $2,420 in May, The Economist ran a story asking, "What if the bitcoin bubble bursts?" and wondering if its rise could be compared to historic market crazes — like the one over tulips.
Noting that "Anyone clever or lucky enough to have bought $1,000 of bitcoins in July 2010, when the price stood at $0.05, would now have a stash worth $46 million," The Economist added that "Ascents this steep are rarely sustainable" — before concluding, "If there is such a thing as a healthy bubble, this is it."
WATCH: A passerby captured the final seconds before a vintage plane crashed along the border of Dix Hills and Melville on Wednesday. pic.twitter.com/NjdoeV9SNi — CBS New York (@CBSNewYork) May 30, 2018
A stomach-churning video shows the moment a World War II-era plane spiraled out of the sky over Long Island Wednesday afternoon, dooming its pilot, according to a report.
The 34-second clip obtained by CBS New York shows the propeller-driven SNJ-2 freefalling over Melville, LI, around 1:55 p.m.
The vintage craft — part of the six-plane Geico Skytypers air show team — crashed into the ground minutes after takeoff from Republic Airport, exploding into a mass of flames and smoke.
Pilot Ken Johansen – a Navy veteran who flew for an airline – was the only passenger on board the plane, officials said.
Investigators are probing the cause of the deadly crash.
Additional reporting by Larry Celona
President Uhuru Kenyatta has ordered an investigation into a fire that swept through Kenya's largest open-air market and carried on burning for eight hours, destroying goods wroth thousands of dollars.
Devolution Minister Mwangi Kiunjuri says the fire at the market on Friday morning, one of several in the past five years, could be the result of arson.
The BBC's Ferdinand Omondi in Nairobi says Gikomba is one of the largest open-air markers in East Africa, and it specialises in second-hand clothes from the West, which would be otherwise unaffordable to the ordinary Kenyan.
One vendor told the BBC they had lost 250 bales of clothing, worth an estimated $23,000 (£17,600).
Our reporter says the city's fire department fought for hours to bring the fire under control in the confined spaces between the crammed stalls.
Firefighters were also reportedly hindered by congestion and bad roads in the market.
Local media also say city authorities appealed to private operators of fire engines to assist in putting out the fire.
The traders now want their wooden and corrugated-iron stalls replaced with more permanent structures to help to prevent future fires.
They also want a fire station built close by.
Source: BBC
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
Getty
Apple's newest operating system update was released on October 5. The update is the newest version of Apple's iOS 11, which reportedly brought problems, followed by iOS 11.0.1, which also brought issues. Looking at Apple Support's Twitter page, it's clear that iOS 11.0.2 did not fix many issues and may have instead caused more.
The patch notes of iOS 11.0.2 outlined the updates.
Fixes an issue where crackling sounds may occur during calls for a small number of iPhone 8 and 8 Plus devices
Addresses an issue that could cause some photos to become hidden
Fixes an issue where attachments in S/MIME encrypted emails would not open
There is a consistent stream of Twitter users complaining to Apple support about the new update draining their battery life, which is on top of the issues that came out of the previous iOS update. Some users are saying that reverting to a previous version of iOS solved their problems, but the support page on Twitter says that's not possible; however, Mashable has a guide on how to downgrade here.
We don't have a way to go back to the last iOS, but we'd like to look into this with you. Send us a DM and we'll go from there. https://t.co/GDrqU22YpT — Apple Support (@AppleSupport) October 6, 2017
There are also complaints on a Reddit thread about the update.
Here are some examples:
@AppleSupport when will you guyz release a stable update of ios11 currently it sucks battery life and phone performance #dissappointed — AAKASH SEHRAWAT (@SEHRAWATAKASH) October 6, 2017
Reddit user u/kaboom_2 says: “Hey guys, don't you have problem with the battery drainage? My iPhone 7 was fully charged an hour ago after an hour of regular talk-net use it's dropped to 60%.”
Reddit user u/WarbellSteezy says: “From my experience, iOS 11.0.2 has been disastrous as well. I went back to iOS 10.3.3 and luckily I had a recent backup for it as backups upon upgraded to iOS 11 are not compatible.”
The previous update to iOS 11.0.1 was also proven to cause drains on the iDevice batteries.
There are also complaints that certain apps aren't working well with the update, but that could be an issue with the app itself and not the new iOS. Some problems were also fixed. For some iPhone 8 and 8 Plus owners, the speakers were previously omitting crackling sounds during calls. That issue should be fixed with the new update.
This update comes on the heels of a watchOS update that was also supposed to fix issues with an operating system. Read about the watchOS update from Heavy here:
SEOUL/KUALA LUMPUR: Malaysian police on Wednesday detained a woman holding Vietnam travel papers and are looking for a “few” other foreign suspects in connection with the assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's estranged half-brother, police said.
Lawmakers in South Korea had earlier cited their spy agency as saying it suspected two female North Korean agents had murdered Kim Jong Nam, and US government sources also told Reuters they believed North Korean assassins were responsible.
The portly and gregarious Kim Jong Nam, the eldest son of late North Korean leader Kim Jong Il, was assaulted on Monday morning in the departure hall of Kuala Lumpur International Airport and died on the way to hospital, Malaysian police said.
The woman detained at Kuala Lumpur airport was identified from CCTV footage at the airport and was alone when they were apprehended, police said in a statement.
Media had earlier published a grainy CCTV-captured image of a young woman wearing a white shirt with the letters “LOL” on the front.
Documents they carried were in the name of Doan Thi Huong, showed a birth date of May 1998 and birthplace of Nam Dinh, Vietnam, police said.
“Police are looking for a few others, all foreigners,” Deputy Inspector-General Noor Rashid Ibrahim told Reuters, declining to give their nationalities or gender.
South Korean intelligence believes Kim Jong Nam was poisoned, the lawmakers in South Korea's capital, Seoul, said.
The spy agency told them that the young and unpredictable North Korean leader had issued a “standing order” for their half-brother's assassination, and that there had been a failed attempt in 2012.
“The cause of death is strongly suspected to be a poisoning attack,” said South Korean lawmaker Kim Byung-kee, who was briefed by the spy agency.
Kim had been at the airport's budget terminal to catch a flight to Macau on Monday when someone grabbed or held their face from behind, after which they felt dizzy and sought help at an information desk, Malaysian police official Fadzil Ahmat said.
According to South Korea's spy agency, Kim Jong Nam had been living, under Beijing's protection, with their second wife in the Chinese territory of Macau, the lawmakers said. One of them said Kim Jong Nam also had a wife and son in Beijing.
Kim had spoken out publicly against their family's dynastic control of the isolated state.
“If the murder of Kim Jong Nam was confirmed to be committed by the North Korean regime, that would clearly depict the brutality and inhumanity of the Kim Jong-un regime,” South Korean Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, who is also acting president, told a security meeting.
The meeting was called in response to Kim Jong Nam's death, news of which first emerged late on Tuesday.
‘Sense of danger'
South Korea is acutely sensitive to any sign of instability in isolated North Korea, and is still technically in a state of war with its impoverished and nuclear-armed neighbor, which carried out its latest ballistic missile test on Sunday.
Malaysian police said Kim held a passport under the name Kim Chol, with a birth date that made them 46.
Kim Jong Nam was known to spend a significant amount of time outside North Korea, traveling in Macau and Hong Kong as well as mainland China, and has been caught in the past using forged travel documents.
Their body was taken on Wednesday to a second hospital, where an autopsy was being performed. North Korean embassy officials had arrived at the hospital and were coordinating with authorities, police sources said.
There was no mention of Kim Jong Nam's death in North Korean media.
In Beijing, a foreign ministry spokesperson said China was aware of the reports and closely following developments.
Yoji Gomi, a Japanese journalist who wrote a 2012 book on Kim Jong Nam, said Kim's media appearances, which increased around the time South Korean intelligence said they were targeted for assassination, may have been an attempt to protect himself.
“I now have the impression that even they may have had a sense of danger, so they began exposing themselves in the media and stating their opinions to protect themselves and counter North Korea,” Gomi told a talk show on Japan's NTV.
North Korean agents have killed rivals abroad before.
South Korea's spy agency said Kim Jong Nam wrote a letter to Kim Jong-un in 2012 asking that the lives of them and their family be spared, one of the lawmakers said.
“Kim Jong-un may have been worried about more and more North Korean elites turning against them after Thae Yong Ho defected to the South,” said Koh Yu-hwan, an expert on the North Korean leadership at Dongguk University in Seoul, referring to last year's defection by North Korea's deputy ambassador in London.
Numerous North Korean officials have been purged or killed since Kim Jong-un took power following their father's death in 2011. Those include their uncle Jang Song Thaek, who was considered the country's second most-powerful person and was believed to have been close to Kim Jong Nam.
Jang was executed on Kim Jong-un's orders in 2013.
Getty
Showtime will shine a light on some of the more intriguing prospects in boxing on Friday night, as undefeated super middleweights Ronald Ellis (14-0-1, 10 KO's) and Junior Younan (13-0, 9 KO's) headline the “ShoBox: The New Generation” fight card from the WinnaVegas Casino Resort in Sloan, Iowa.
In the United States, the main card is scheduled to start at 10 p.m. ET/PT and will be broadcast on Showtime, with Ellis vs Younan serving as the main event. If you don't have cable or can't get to a TV, you can watch Showtime online, on your phone or on another streaming device via one of the following cable-free, live-TV streaming services. They cost a monthly fee but all come with a free trial, so you can watch tonight's fight at no cost:
Amazon Prime: If you have Amazon Prime or want to start a free 30-day trial of Amazon Prime, you can watch Showtime live through Amazon Channels. The Showtime channel costs just $8.99 per month. You can sign up for a free 7-day trial, and then you can watch on your computer via the Amazon website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the Amazon Video app
Sling TV: Showtime is a $10 per month add-on that can be added to either of Sling TV's base packages, which cost $20 or $25 per month. It comes with a free 7-day trial, and you can watch on your computer via your browser, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the Sling TV app
Showtime.com: Showtime's standalone streaming service allows you to watch Showtime for $10.99 per month. You can watch on your computer via your browser, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the Showtime Anytime app
Preview
After boxing to a draw against Jerry Odom in February of 2016, the 28-year-old Ellis reeled off a pair of unanimous decision victories in a row over Oscar Riojas and Christopher Brooker. Though the Los Angeles native has fought on Showtime twice before, they have never headlined a show, so you can bet he'll be looking to put on a show on Friday night.
“It's going to be fireworks from the jump,” they said. “Younan is a good little fighter, but we are trying to get them out of there. This is my first main event and I want to impress. It will be a good way to start 2018, which will be my year.”
Looking to make sure 2018 won't be Ellis' year is the 22-year-old Younan. Following an impressive 90-5 amateur career, the jump to becoming a professional at the age of 18 has gone swimmingly with 13 wins in 13 fights. They most recently defeated Mike Guy via unanimous decision on a CBS broadcast, so headlining a Showtime show is undoubtedly a big jump.
“It's a pleasure to fight on Showtime and I'm excited to put on a show for all the viewers,” said the Brooklyn native. “I've been working as hard as possible and I'm confident my efforts will pay off. I'm going to break my opponent's spirit and pick them apart. This is my time. In 2018, I'm looking to make a title run and this fight is just the first step.”
There are three other fights on Showtime's Friday night card: Wellington Romero (14-0-1, 8 KO's) vs Samuel Teah (12-1-1, 5 KO's), Thomas Mattice (10-0, 8 KO's) vs Rolando Chinea (15-1-1, 6 KO's), and Devin Haney (18-0, 12 KO's) vs Harmonito Dela Torre (19-1-1, 12 KO's).
This weekend Staithes and Runswick RNLI's popular annual Lifeboat Weekend will see exercises from two new arrivals in the RNLI's life saving work on the Yorkshire coast.
Staithes' brand-new state of the art £235,000 Atlantic 85 lifeboat Sheila & Dennis Tongue III will be showing off its pace with a top speed of 35 knots, the fastest in the RNLI fleet. And for the first time the new RNLI lifeguard team at Runswick Bay will be joining in the fun.
RNLI co-ordinator Colin Harrison says they are expecting up to 3,000 visitors to pack the foreshores of the picturesque neighbouring seaside villages to enjoy the attractions and displays laid on by the lifesaving charity over the weekend, they said: “It will be a great opportunity for everyone to see our superb new boat in action and welcome the lifeguards as a valuable new addition to the RNLI's armoury.”
Subject to operational requirements, Saturday's rescue exercises at Runswick (11am) and Staithes (2.45pm) will be supported by lifeboats from Whitby and Redcar, H.M. Coastguard teams from Staithes and Skinningrove and a Sikorsky Search and Rescue helicopter from Humberside's HM Coastguard base.
The weekend festivities are launched on Friday evening at Staithes with the famous Nightgown Parade, gathering on the Staith at 6pm. On Saturday the busy beach will feature demonstrations from the White Rose Canoe Club and dinghy sailing with the Runswick Bay Sailing Club.
The Coble and Keelboat Society are returning with one of the East Coast's few remaining traditional sailing cobles. Stalls and attractions at both Staithes and Runswick include roulette, ladder and card games, a ‘test of strength' bar, tombolas, bookstall and bric-a- brac. RNLI souvenirs and memorabilia will be on sale.
RNLI supporters will be joined by a ‘Rapid Relief Team' of charity volunteers in providing a running barbeque on the Staith, supplemented by cake stalls, ice creams and tea and biscuits.
At 4pm Staithes Harbour will come alive with the furious splashes and soakings of the Raft Race. The Fancy Dress Parade then launches at 6pm. The entertainment continues with an extended set from the 20-strong Middlesbrough jazz and blues orchestra. Then, as darkness falls, the day climaxes with a massive fireworks display, set off on Staithes' North Pier by the G2 fireworks team.
Festivities resume at Staithes at 11am on Sunday morning when crowds will pack the bridge and beckside vantage points for the annual duck race as 800 plastic yellow ducks are cheered down Roxby Beck to the finishing line at the lifeboat slipway.
Finally, the event closes on a poignant note with twin open-air services of thanksgiving at Runswick Bay (2.30pm) and Staithes (5.00 pm) lifeboat house, preceded by a concert at each by the North Skelton Band. With the local RNLI Lifeboat chaplain Rev. Alan Coates presiding, the congregation will sing the famous verses of ‘Eternal Father, Strong to Save' and other seafarers' hymns.
Lifeboat weekend co-ordinator Colin Harrison added: "We can promise all the family a great weekend at the seaside while demonstrating the vital work of the charity in saving lives at sea.
"Of course it wouldn't be possible without the amazing generosity of the public and the local businesses that keep us operational and also the dedication and hard work of our crew members and shore helpers that make all the fun of the weekend happen."
Timetable:
Friday, Staithes:
7.00 pm Jazz Band on the Staith
7.30 pm nightgown Parade
Saturday, Runswick Bay
10.30 am Opening
11.00 am Lifeboat exercises in the bay
Saturday, Staithes
1.00 pm Barbeque and stalls
2.00 pm Opening Ceremony
2.45 pm Lifeboat Exercises at sea
4.00 pm Raft Race
6.00 pm Fancy Dress Parade
7.30 pm Live music on the Staith
10.00 pm Fireworks Display
Sunday, Runswick Bay
2.30 pm North Skelton Band
3.00 pm Service of Thanksgiving
Sunday, Staithes
11.00 am Great Duck Race down the Beck
5.00 pm North Skelton Band
5.30 pm Service of Thanksgiving
Joe Jackson sends bizarre video message to grandson Blanket In an odd video posted to Twitter on Monday, Joe advises 15-year-old Blanket to “stay healthy” among other things.
Katherine Jackson surrenders guardianship of Blanket Blanket, 15, will now be looked after full time by their older cousin, Tito Joe “TJ” Jackson.
Conrad Murray: Michael Jackson's kids have been 'brainwashed' Conrad Murray claims Paris Jackson is upset about their book because their brain is not "developed" enough to understand the situation.
Nigerian woman and their grandson escape London fire Tragedy (Photos)
A massive fire engulfed a residential high-rise building in London on Wednesday 14 June, leaving at least 74 people injured and 12 dead. The London Fire Brigade dispatched at least 40 fire engines, 20 ambulance crews and more than 200 firefighters in an effort to battle the conflagration, at the 24-story Grenfell Tower in West […]
The post Nigerian woman and their grandson escape London fire Tragedy (Photos) appeared first on Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image copyright Staffordshire Police Image caption A 45-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of damage to a property after the stand-off
A nine-hour police stand-off in which officers were threatened with a knife has ended in an arrest.
Staffordshire Police attended Leacroft Road in Meir at about 23:00 GMT on Friday after the armed man barricaded themselves in a house.
Officers had to use shields for protection, the force said.
A 45-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of damage to a property and public order offences when the stand-off ended at 08:00 GMT.
They at one point went out onto a first floor ledge and specialist negotiators were called to the property.
Image copyright Staffordshire Police Image caption Police said a man climbed out on to a first floor ledge at one point
Ch Insp Karen Stevenson said nobody was hurt and the man was taken to police custody.
"He will be fully assessed so we can not only deal with the criminal matter of what went on but their own needs moving forward," they said.
ABC News(ARLINGTON, Tenn.) — Ten-year-old Eli O'Bryan gets companionship from their canine friend, Einstein, plus a lot more.
The black labrador helps to keep Eli healthy.
Eli was diagnosed at 4 years old with type 1 diabetes, a disease formerly called juvenile diabetes in which the body does not produce insulin.
Einstein is trained as a medical-service dog to detect when Eli's blood sugar spikes or crashes, and to signal — with a bark or by placing a paw on Eli — when Eli and their family need to check their blood-sugar levels.
Before Eli got the dog, they had to wear a sensor that would monitor their blood sugar throughout the day, which they said was awful.
“[The sensor] was stuck in my leg with a giant needle and it hurt so much,” said Eli. “It beeped all the time and it malfunctioned.”
But no longer.
“Now we have Einstein,” Eli said.
A living dog over a technological device
The sensor Eli wore before Einstein was not only uncomfortable, it interrupted their education, sometimes beeping as many 12 times a day during school.
“He wore a pump all the time, they wore a sensor all the time,” Amy O'Bryan, Eli's mother, told ABC News. “We tracked them with an app through their sensor because he's so brittle that they have to be constantly monitored for them to stay functioning.”
But one of the worst things about the sensor is that it gave Eli more control over their blood-sugar levels, which meant they could hurt himself.
A mother's fear
“The scariest for Eli is when they were in fourth grade, they very calmly told me that they didn't want to live anymore,” O'Bryan said. “And to hear that as a mom and for them to be so casual about it, it was just matter of fact.”
Amy feared that Eli could harm themselves with the devices and medicine they used to maintain their blood-sugar levels.
So they sought an alternative.
“That's really what started our journey with Einstein,” O'Bryan said. “Not only was they suicidal, but they also wore a device on them 24-7 that would have made it very easy for them to end their lives.”
Amy reached out to CARES Inc., a non-profit based in Concordia, Kansas, that trains service dogs.
The organization works with a prison system that uses the dog training as a work program for the prisoners. And then, the dogs are sent to families to get used to being in a home and school setting.
A dog's expert nose is what allows Einstein to be trained to pick up on Eli's blood-sugar changes.
“They say it's actually one of the hardest things to train a dog to do because it's not a constant smell,” said Amy.
The waiting list for dogs from the organization is so long that Eli's family had to wait almost three years from when their mother first inquired before they were approved to get a dog. Even then, it wasn't a guarantee.
“Eli has to certify that they can handle them in public,” explained Amy about the process of getting to keep Einstein after a week of training and bonding at the Kansas organization. “They have to show that they can handle them in restaurants or social situations …[Eli] was really nervous, … we didn't want to leave without Einstein from Kansas.”
Eli and Einstein now
In October 2017, the O'Bryan family welcomed Einstein into their home, and Amy considers them another one of their children now.
“It helps to have a dog,” said Eli. “Just in general, even if it's not a service dog. Just feels like having a best friend.”
Now, Einstein goes with Eli almost everywhere from school to band practice. The lab knows when it is time to be serious and work, but when the vest comes off, Einstein acts like the 2-year-old pup that they are.
”It's greatly impacted our life,” said Amy. “Just their quality of life, that they don't have to wear the sensor, I think it's helped me be more confident that Eli is independent and they can handle it.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Scotland is leading the way in tackling knife crime and is now being held up as a role model for others to follow.
To try to combat the growing scourge of knife crime in our country, in 2008 the Scottish Parliament decided to treat the problem as a public health issue.
Delivering the campaign...for NKBL for the past five years, senior development officer Jane Dailly.
It has since invested almost £9 million in Police Scotland's Violence Reduction Unit, which has seen a 64 per cent drop in handling offensive weapons in the last decade.
The Scottish Government has also ploughed £3.4 million into the hugely successful No Knives, Better Lives project since 2009.
This joined-up approach has been lauded by campaigners in England and Wales which are now facing their own knives crisis.
Jane Dailly, No Knives, Better Lives (NKBL) senior development officer, is delighted Scotland is receiving plaudits for its work in tackling the issue.
Tragic death...of Aberdeen schoolboy Bailey Gwynne (16) in 2015 and the subsequnt Lowe Report into their death resulted in a change of attitude from some schools; they are now more than happy to deliver the No Knives, Better Lives campaign message.
They said: “Our public health approach to knife crime is being seen as a success story down south.
“It's nice for us to be celebrated in that way.”
But what does NKBL actually do?
Jane is employed by Youth Link Scotland, the national agency for youth work, which delivers the NKBL programme on behalf of the Scottish Government.
Every year, they train around 300 teachers, youth workers and peer educators to deliver knife crime prevention courses in Scotland's schools.
NKBL has reached tens of thousands of youngsters since 2009. And the results speak for themselves.
Jane said: “The recorded incidents of young people carrying offensive weapons in the last ten years has dropped by 80 per cent.
“In a broader context, the huge reduction in violent crime in Scotland also shows we are looking at a wider cultural change.
“The public health approach to tackling knife crime is a partnership with several agencies, including NKBL, the Violence Reduction Unit and Medics Against Violence, which helps young people stay safe by giving them an understanding of the consequences of violence.
“All of us working together has made a really positive impact.”
Jane is keen to steer away from negative images of hooded youngsters brandishing knives.
So NKBL is working to develop a series of stock images which do not promote that stereotype.
When training, they also advise against using knives to drive the message home.
Explaining why, they said: “One thing we have learned over the years is that if you make knife carrying seem like a bigger problem than it actually is, you can potentially exacerbate it.
“The police used to use the shock approach, taking an array of knives into classes which had been collected from around Scotland.
“But that could make young people fearful.
“The two reasons young people carry knives is due to fear/protection and because they think everyone else is.”
So NKBL has developed new ways to deliver its knife crime prevention message.
Its Instagram site, set up five months ago, has more than 1000 followers. And the project recently developed The Balisong, a play which has been performed at more than 60 schools. It is hoped it will be performed in many more this year.
Jane said: “It tells the story of three friends who have brought a butterfly knife to school.
“It is a unique and powerful way to engage with young people about the risks and consequences of carrying a knife and the challenge of speaking up.
“After one of the shows, a pupil reported someone who was carrying a knife in school so it is making a difference.”
The tragic death of Aberdeen schoolboy Bailey Gwynne (16) in 2015 and the subsequent Lowe Report into their death also saw a change in attitude from schools.
The report found their death was “potentially avoidable” if other pupils had told teachers their killer was carrying a knife.
Jane added: “When we were trying to promote the programme, schools would quite often say: it's not an issue for us.
“But that changed quite dramatically after the report.
“Much like alcohol and drugs, it's something schools now want to tackle and talk about as a matter of course.
“Knife crime doesn't conform to where a school is situated – it can happen anywhere.”
Statistics show 80 children packed a knife into their schoolbag last year
Text books, homework, packed lunch, gym shoes – the usual items you'd expect to find in any child's school bag.
But 80 school pupils also packed a knife or item with a blade from April to December 2017, according to Police Scotland.
Since April 2017, the Scottish Crime Recording Board allowed the specific crime of possessing an offensive weapon with a blade or point in schools to be identified in the National Statistics on Recorded Crime.
Unfortunately, that means there are no comparison figures.
However, a Scottish Government spokesperson said: “It is important these statistics are seen in the overall context of a 64 per cent reduction in crimes of handling offensive weapons in the last decade.
“The decision to specifically record offences of possession of weapons in schools was in order to support efforts to make Scotland's schools safer.
“We continue to work with schools and local authorities on anti-violence campaigns and curriculum programmes.”
It is illegal to sell knives or similar products to anyone under the age of 18 in Scotland or to sell kitchen knives or cutlery to anyone under 16.
* The Scottish Government consulted Police Scotland, teaching unions and leaders and Medics Against Violence – there was no support for a new search power to be given to teachers.
The rules will allow employers to stop covering contraception for employees for moral or religious reasons. It does not fully overturn, but rather, rolls back the Obamacare contraception mandate — which required birth control to be covered by insurance companies (with no co-pay or coinsurance) as a preventive service. "The rules will broaden the ability of employers, universities, religious institutions, and even health insurers to opt-out of covering birth control," BuzzFeed News previously reported.
The US Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) announced on Friday morning that the rules will go into effect immediately. "Senior HHS officials, who asked not to be named, said that they estimated that 'no more' than 120,000 women would lose contraception coverage under this rule," BuzzFeed News reported. However, advocacy groups such as Planned Parenthood contest these claims and already four advocacy groups and Massachusetts are suing the Trump administration to block the rules.
While the UK provided an election upset last week, the results earlier this year in the Netherlands and France saw extreme parties denied power. Nor do the markets fear an upset when Germans go to the polls this September, says economic commentator Roger Bootle.
Bootle is the founder and chairperson of research group Capital Economics and regular economic pundit in the British press, whose most recent book is titled ‘The Trouble with Europe'. They were also chosen as a keynote speaker by software and IT giant SAP Ariba for this year's European SAP Ariba Live event, held earlier this week in the Czeech Republic's capital of Prague.
Their presentation, ‘Europe at an Inflection Point: Threats and Opportunities', had to be hastily rewritten in the wake of last week's surprise result, which saw UK prime minister Teresa May's ruling Conservative party fail to achieve outright victory despite predictions of a landslide. Bootle confessed that they had been surprised by the outcome and confessed that is “crystal ball had got a bit cloudy”.
Bootle stated that after several years of crisis, the eurozone was staging a “fairly decent” economic recovery so far in 2017, with former casualties Ireland and Spain recovering strongly and even Greece and Italy expecting some growth this year.
With the zone's key economies of Germany and France accelerating from modest to stronger growth, by 2019 the European Central Bank (ECB) is likely to feel ready to start raising interest rates.
This is despite the gap between the EU's economic leaders and its stragglers remaining wide. Gross domestic product (GDP) for Spain has only just returned to the pre-crisis level of 2008 and both Italy and Portugal have still to reach that level. Greece's fall has been “calamitous”, with GDP 27% below that of less than a decade ago.
The test ahead
However, Bootle believes that the eurozone's future rests largely on developments in Italy, which is due to hold a general election before next May. While the country's ruling centre left Democratic Party is pro-European Union (EU) it is challenged by comedian Beppe Grillo's Five-Star Movement, which is fiercely anti-EU. While they trail behind in the polls, so are Italy's other two main parties, the Forza Italia and the Liga Italia.
“So three of Italy's main four parties are euro-sceptics and put Italy's ills down to the single currency,” noted Bootle. “This makes a political upset within the next year highly likely.”
What's more, a Eurobarometer of voter sentiment across member states conducted in April polled members of the public on whether they felt their country's membership of the EU was a good thing or a bad thing. As might be anticipated sentiment was negative in both Greece and Italy, but also showed antipathy towards the EU among Austrian voters.
While the UK showed opinion split fairly evenly – in line with last June's referendum result – sentiment was only slightly more positive in France, where a sizeable minority would like the country to follow the UK in exiting, despite the far right Marine Le Pen losing to Emmanuel Macron in the presidential election.
So an election upset in Italy could yet set off renewed tremors across the eurozone, said Bootle. Meanwhile, a further UK election is distinctly likely and the pound is likely to remain fragile. “May can probably sustain their government for a while, but the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Scottish Conservatives are likely to exact a high price for their support. Them position is extremely fragile.”
0 views
Famoudou Don Moye was in their early 20s, an expatriate jazz drummer working in Paris, when they got the invitation to join the Art Ensemble of Chicago. With it came a friendly admonition, from the group's trumpeter and most inveterate trickster, Lester Bowie.
"Lester told me: 'Don't even mess with this if you don't want to be part of history,'" Moye recalls, laughing. "This was early 1970, when I was just coming into the band. Of course I said, 'Hell, yeah!'"
By 1970, the Art Ensemble of Chicago — a willfully eclectic, wildly experimental collective originally led by saxophonist Roscoe Mitchell — was already a sensation of sorts in Paris. It had a motto, "Great Black Music," which would soon be appended with a no-less-pointed second clause, "Ancient to the Future." So Bowie could have meant their comment to register in a few different keys: History was something to be channeled and challenged, as well as made.
That conviction is worth remembering as the Art Ensemble of Chicago mobilizes this weekend for a celebration of its 50th anniversary. The group will perform a sold-out concert on Friday at Columbia University's Lenfest Center for the Arts, before headlining Saturday night at the October Revolution of Jazz & Contemporary Music, a new festival in Philadelphia. Then comes a three-night engagement, Oct. 15-17, at Café OTO in London, with other dates on the horizon.
Mitchell and Moye are now the active elders in the Art Ensemble, which lost two other load-bearing pillars in Bowie (1999) and bassist Malachi Favors (2004). Founding member Joseph Jarman, a multi-reedist and flutist, no longer performs publicly, for health reasons. But they will participate in Friday's concert at Columbia — reading their oracular, metaphysical poetry, which has always been an integral part of the group's performance ritual. That concert has been framed as a tribute to Jarman. "I think it's wonderful, and extraordinary," they say by phone.
The irreducible power of the Art Ensemble rested in its alignment of forces. "It was always a learning experience," reflects Mitchell, "because I was lucky enough to be with five individual thinkers." The group had a striking visual iconography as well as a sonic aesthetic. Bowie took the stage in a lab coat. Favors and Moye wore African vestments and tribal face paint. Jarman evoked the East in their attire, while Mitchell typically dressed like an American business person.
Each member of the band was a highly proficient instrumentalist with a distinct personal voice, and the pan-stylistic slant of the repertory — which could veer from boppish swing to earthy funk to absurdist or dead-serious abstraction — provided ample opportunity for displays of prowess. But the Art Ensemble also specialized in the expressive use of so-called "little instruments," like bicycle horns and bell trees, as if to undercut the currency of virtuosity.
This multidimensional and collectivist approach was congruent with the ideals of the Association For the Advancement of Creative Musicians, out of which the Art Ensemble first emerged. Jarman and Mitchell were part of the brain trust that established the AACM, in 1965; Jarman performed on the organization's first official concert.
Because the Art Ensemble of Chicago was the first AACM band to receive international acclaim, the group was sometimes conflated, in those early years, with the AACM itself — a source of some grumbling at the time, as George Lewis documents in their essential book, A Power Stronger Than Itself: The AACM and American Experimental Music.
"The group's unusual hybrid of energy, multi-instrumentalism, humor, silence, found sounds and homemade instruments — and most crucially, extended collective improvisation instead of heroic individual solos — proved revelatory to European audiences," Lewis writes. Other artists under an AACM umbrella, like saxophonists Henry Threadgill and Anthony Braxton, were creating and thinking along these lines too, and continue to do so.
Then as now, the Art Ensemble was both a prominent AACM flagship and its own rogue vessel, disinclined to heed anyone else's navigation. Moye, who was once involved in AACM governance in Chicago, now lives in Marseilles, France, and downplays their involvement. On Friday, while the Art Ensemble performs at Columbia, the AACM's New York chapter will be presenting saxophonist Chico Freeman at the Community Church of New York — the first concert of its fall season. Obviously, these events could have been better coordinated.
Mitchell maintains more contact with the AACM chapters in both Chicago and New York, and savors their place in the organization's pantheon. They have recently been a fountain of output — composing orchestral and chamber works; performing improvised sets with Lewis and AACM founder Muhal Richard Abrams; teaching at Mills College in Oakland; and making major statements like their stunning recent double album on ECM, Bells For the South Side.
For all of its focus on cohesion, the Art Ensemble always encouraged outside forays by its members. "The intensity of the collective experience required that everyone have an independent vehicle, and be able to develop their own projects with the same dedication," says Moye. "That avoids conflicts. And it keeps everybody fresh."
The reinvigorated Art Ensemble lineup bears some vestiges of that process: along with Mitchell and Moye, it includes trumpeter Hugh Ragin, cellist Tomeka Reid and two bassists, Jaribu Shahid and Junius Paul. These are all, as Mitchell points out, "part of the AACM family." They're also musicians with whom they have worked in other contexts, including their own bands.
"It's inspiring that they feel they still have so much to learn and practice and write," says Reid of the AACM elders they have worked with, Mitchell prominent among them. "And this deep hunger to just get what they have out there. I feel like that's a lesson: Don't wait. Just do it now."
The open question — and it may not be answered by the upcoming performances, or even answerable at all — is how the Art Ensemble can fulfill its original mandate in the face of so much change. The group has faced this predicament before: Non-Cognitive Aspects of the City - Live at Iridium, an album recorded in 2004 and released two years later (on Pi Recordings), was a prominent dispatch from the post-Favors era.
"There's never going to be another Lester Bowie or Malachi Favors," says Mitchell. "I understand that. But we always said, 'Hey man, if it gets down to one member, that's the Art Ensemble.' You know?" (His statement checks out. "We'll be together as long as one of us is still alive to carry on the word" — that was Bowie, speaking with Ted Panken on WCKR in 1995.)
So the only certainty, as the Art Ensemble embarks on its current journey, is that the musicians in the group will be striving toward a high standard of shared intuition, as improvisers and as members of a larger whole. History is on their side — as Jarman points out, in their own way.
"I would not put anything against the idea of Art Ensemble of Chicago," they say. "That band was, and still is, a powerful organization among itself."
The US Supreme Court on Tuesday ended one of two major Arab Bank cases, closing off any path for suits in US courts by foreign victims of overseas terrorism against banks with a US footprint.
The ruling said that foreign corporations such as Jordan's financial juggernaut, Arab Bank, cannot be sued in American courts for allegations that they helped to finance terrorist attacks in Israel and the Palestinian territories.
In April 2017, the landmark anti-terrorism financing suit, which was presumed dead, was surprisingly resuscitated by the US Supreme Court agreeing to hear the appeal.That preliminary decision by the court led to speculation that if the plaintiffs won, the case could lead to a flood of anti-terrorism financing lawsuits by foreigners (including Israelis) against foreign financial entities (including those banking for Palestinian terrorist groups) that do business in the US.This would have changed the face of international banking and affected US diplomacy in a variety of unpredictable ways.But with Tuesday's 5-4 vote, the decision left in place a lower court ruling that had previously thrown out the lawsuit brought by some 6,000 plaintiffs, including survivors and relatives of non-US citizens killed in attacks, filed under the 1789 US law called the Alien Tort Statute that accused Arab Bank of being terrorist groups' “paymaster.”Only in recent years have plaintiffs sought to bring such cases under the obscure law.The plaintiffs accused Arab Bank of deliberately financing terrorism, including suicide bombings and other attacks. They said Arab Bank used its New York branch to transfer money that helped Hamas and other Islamist terrorist groups fund attacks and reward families of the perpetrators between 1995 and 2005.The lead plaintiff in the Arab Bank case was Joseph Jesner, whose British citizen son was killed at age 19 in a 2002 suicide bombing of a bus in Tel Aviv.The bank said in court papers that the US government has called it a constructive partner in the fight against terrorism financing.In a 2013 ruling, the Supreme Court did not resolve the corporate liability question when it ruled in favor of Royal Dutch Shell Plc over a lawsuit claiming the company was complicit in a crackdown on protesters in Nigeria.That 2013 ruling narrowed the Alien Tort Statute's reach, saying claims must sufficiently “touch and concern” the United States to overcome the presumption that the law does not cover foreign conduct.But the justices had left the door open to future cases where the financial entity is on US soil and the case represents a US national interest – say, eliminating financial havens for terrorist financing.Then in September 2014, the plaintiffs won in the other major case against Arab Bank. Unlike Tuesday's case of foreigners, the plaintiffs who sued the Arab Bank in the other case were US citizens. Their win came in the first public trial of a major bank on charges relating to terrorist attacks – specifically those in Israel during the Second Intifada.There were a series of mixed rulings and appeals following the US plaintiffs' win in the trial court, and eventually Arab Bank signed a reportedly $1 billion confidential settlement.That gave hope to the foreigners suing Arab Bank in the second case connected to Tuesday's ruling.However, the court indicated that the plaintiffs did not sufficiently demonstrate that the foreign entity they were suing had a large enough US footprint and had a sufficient role, even if passive, in facilitating terrorism.This closes off the path for Israelis or anyone else harmed by terrorism to go after large financial institutions in the Middle East or elsewhere in the world, which look the other way when their clients are funding terrorism.Reuters contributed to this story.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Lane Kiffin tells Paul Finebaum they were not 100 percent focused on Alabama
Lane Kiffin elaborated on the surprising news that they are leaving their job as Alabama offensive coordinator prior to the National Championship Game during an interview with ESPN's Paul Finebaum on Monday.
Kiffin echoed what Nick Saban said was the reason for the split, which is that it was tough for Kiffin to balance their new duties as the head coach at Florida Atlantic with their responsibilities as the Crimson Tide's offensive coordinator. Kiffin says they even questioned their commitment to Bama once they got the FAU job.
“I was wondering, ‘was I always there?' because you are balancing two jobs. You are interviewing guys at night, calling recruits at night,” Kiffin told Finebaum. “I was just talking with Coach (Saban) and Coach and I were bouncing around, and I don't know for the players that you can do 100 percent. You try. But then your mind's thinking, ‘I gotta interview this guy later. Or here's a list of recruits you gotta watch at night, versus watching extra film for the opponent.
“I just want to win this game. I want to win it for the players, for the fans. We gotta do one more. And as we discussed it, we felt (Steve Sarkisian) and I are so similar — we speak the same language, call games the same way — that they would probably give us the best chance to win because 100 percent of their mind all day long is on the game.”
Kiffin made it clear that despite their departure, they are still hoping Alabama wins.
“I'm still going to help in any way that I can win the game. Watched some film last night and this morning. Help these guys. It's a very good team obviously. Talked some ideas with Sark. But it's the best thing for the players at this time for Sark to call the game and to lead all the meetings all week long because I want these guys to win, and they deserve to have the best.”
Kiffin was asked about the speculation that Saban lost confidence in them especially after the way the CFP semifinal game against Washington went.
“There's no way on that,” Kiffin said in response.
They were also asked about the reports that there were incidents contributing to their exit, such as being late to meetings and missing the team bus back from media day last week.
“That's not true,” said Kiffin.
Kiffin acknowledging that they aren't completely focused on the Alabama job echoes what Saban said earlier in the day when discussing the news. Here's what Saban said on Monday was the reason for the split.
“We just thought it was in the best interest of our players and our program and for Lane to assume their responsibilities as the head coach at Florida Atlantic,” Saban said live on ESPN. “It's been our goal as a program to always give our players the best opportunity to be successful, whether it's personally, academically or athletically.
“This decision was made after we mutually agreed that this would be the best thing for both parties.”
And here's what Kiffin said in their statement on their departure.
“After going through these last couple of weeks, trying to serve the best interests of two universities as an offensive coordinator and a head coach, it became apparent that both programs would be better served by me giving all my time and efforts to being the head coach at FAU,” Kiffin said. “After meeting with Coach Saban during preparations last night and this morning, we mutually decided that it was in everyone's best interests for the players and the program for Coach Sarkisian to take over all responsibilities as offensive coordinator for the championship game.”
There are reports and speculation that other factors such as these contributed to Kiffin's early exit from Alabama.
A Manhattan judge slammed a murderous sex fiend with the maximum prison term Monday — saying the killer “richly deserves every minute of this sentence” — as the victim's sister wept.
Justice Bonnie Wittner tossed Clarence Dean, 45, in prison for 25 years to life for the vicious killing of sex worker Kristine Yitref in a seedy Times Square hotel in 2007.
It took 10 years for the case to make it to trial — and only 25 minutes for a jury to convict the serial sex offender in December.
“I've tried a lot of homicide trials. I have. And this was one of the most brutal and depraved beatings and strangulations of someone for no reason at all,” Wittner said in Manhattan Supreme Court.
The judge blasted Dean for their lack of remorse, the brutality of the crime and the defense tactics that led to the decade-long trial delay.
Yitref's sister, Casandra Johnson, sobbed as the sentence was handed down and whispered, “Thank you.”
In an emotional victim-impact statement, Johnson told the court how their sister, an aspiring model and actor, moved from Yakama, Wash., to New York because “she was destined for great things.”
Johnson recalled how Yitref was once a “driven, hard-working, beautiful young woman” who had modeled for Nordstrom, put themselves through Parsons School of Design and played the violin.
But that small town girl got lost in the big city and Yitref's life spiraled out of control, leading them to prostitution, they said.
“I'm here to tell you they aren't trash,” Johnson said as Dean, sitting at the defense table, refused to look in their direction. “She didn't deserve to die like that, put in a garbage bag.”
Assistant District Attorney Robert Ferrari called Dean a conman who “has been imposing their special brand of misery on society for the last 20 years.”
Authorities never learned what sent Dean into a murderous rage at the Hotel Carter that night, but they broke Yitref's breastbone, stomped on their torso and strangled them with their hands and a piece of rubber.
“Almost every part of their body was attacked,” the judge said.
SEE ALSO Jury finds prostitute-killer Clarence Dean guilty 0:0 It took a Manhattan jury just two hours to convict...
Dean put the naked corpse in a garbage bag and shoved it under the mattress where it was later discovered by cleaning staff.
The killer has a long rap sheet that spans six states, including a conviction for the sex assault of a child in Florida and a pending case for the rape of a woman in Alabama, prosecutors said.
In a videotaped statement, Dean claimed that they acted in self-defense after Yitref's pimp burst into their room and the two tried to rob them — a story the judge called “ludicrous.
The ten-year trial delay was one of the longest in New York City history and circled around whether controversial bite-mark evidence could be admitted at trial.
Dean “maintains their innocence,” their lawyer, Sean Maher, told the judge.
Image copyright Scottish Parliament Image caption Mr Crombie was giving evidence to the Scottish Parliament's health committee
NHS Lothian would need £31m to return services to the levels provided last year, MSPs have been told.
The figure was given by acting chief executive Jim Crombie in evidence to Holyrood's Health Committee.
However, NHS Lothian has insisted it is "financially stable" and the figure was only an estimate of the additional investment for new services.
In a statement released after the committee hearing, Mr Crombie said: "It is not a gap in our finances".
Giving their evidence to the health committee, Mr Crombie told MSPs NHS Lothian had "characterised a gap in our ability and our capacity to deliver against the access targets".
They said: "We've been clear to the board, we've been clear to government that there is a significant element of funding that would be required to allow us to recover.
"Part of the request from the Scottish government was to present what they characterise as an operational plan...for 2018/19 and in that we've characterised all of our intelligence around demand, all of our intelligence around efficiency, productivity and maximising the use of our resource.
"But even doing all that we've characterised a gap and we've characterised the quantum of funding that would be required to allow NHS Lothian to return to the levels of performance in terms of patients waiting over 12 weeks at March 2017."
'Rising demand'
Pressed by committee convener Lewis Macdonald on the figure, they added: "to return NHS Lothian to the position of March 2017 is £31m, circa."
Jacquie Campbell, chief officer of acute services at the health board, added: "Even if we had the funding to return to March 2017 we don't have the overarching capacity either internally or with the external providers in relation to that and there's often a lead in time in starting up capacity."
In the later statement released by NHS Lothian, Mr Crombie said: "The £31m figure is an estimate of the additional investment in new services that would be required to address rising demand in the coming years, while also returning waiting times to the performance levels seen in March 2017.
"It is not a gap in our finances and it is not a spend we will incur if that additional funding is not received."
Today's Lost 30 …
The Ready Player One commercial has Sarah stoked! Sarah cut and dyed their hair this weekend in preparation for the big Christmas show on Friday! Vinnie went to a Rotary Club meeting in Santa Cruz. Sarah played cards over the weekend, has yet to get a tree and finished Godless with their family. Hooman slept, had a few massages, and visited their uncle.
Click here to download.
Rate and Comment on our Podcast in iTunes!
Michael Conforto may be headed to the DL on Saturday to clear the roster spot for Zack Wheeler's activation, general manager Sandy Alderson said.
Though Conforto underwent an MRI exam and CT scan Friday that showed no fracture, they continue to be troubled by a bone bruise on their left wrist that makes it difficult to swing.
“Michael said they tried to swing today. It feels a little bit better, but not like they can go in and really compete,” manager Terry Collins said after the Mets topped the Phillies 2-1 at Citi Field.
Conforto exited Sunday's game in San Francisco in the sixth inning — an inning after getting struck on the left wrist by a pitch from Matt Moore. Multiple X-rays taken this week did not detect a fracture. The 10-day DL trip could be backdated three days, so Conforto would be eligible to return in a week.
Jeurys Familia is headed to Florida shortly to begin a throwing program. Familia underwent surgery on May 12 to address a blood clot near their pitching shoulder.
David Wright's return to the majors this season is iffy. Wright remains in Los Angeles rehabbing with Dr. Robert Watkins, the surgeon who performed last year's surgery to repair a ruptured disk. Alderson estimated it would be three to five weeks before Wright could even be cleared for baseball activity. The captain last appeared in a major league game on May 27, 2016.
“I think there's still a possibility they could return this season,” Alderson said.
After missing two starts in Miami while dealing with an illness, Lucas Duda had been poised to reenter the starting lineup Friday. Nevertheless, Duda was scratched with continued effects of the ailment. T.J. Rivera replaced them at first base and went 1-for-4.
Wilmer Flores, who had been briefly hampered by leg stiffness, did return to the starting lineup. They went 0-for-4.
Neil Walker, who is on the DL with a partial tear of their left hamstring, might be close to rehab games, according to Collins.
Nevertheless, Walker indicated this week they have not yet resumed running, and Alderson said the second baseman still must be fitted with a knee brace.
The GM also said the Mets need to be cautious because the hamstring tear is near where a tendon attaches to the knee.
Alderson offered no indication top prospect Amed Rosario would be promoted from Triple-A Las Vegas anytime soon. Calling it a “double whammy,” Alderson said they would not want to promote Rosario if the Mets were struggling since the 21-year-old shortstop could have the pressure of being viewed as a “potential savior.”
Alderson suggested they also would not want to promote Rosario soon if the Mets were performing well because there would be no need for him.
“If we get another two months into the season, or month and a half into a season, and things haven't gone as well as we'd hoped, maybe the future is now,” Alderson said. “We'll just see.”
Alderson said they could not comment about their interest in Bartolo Colon until the veteran righty officially becomes a free agent.
Colon has been designated for assignment by the Braves. Nevertheless, Alderson indicated in a general sense that they would entertain bringing in a veteran reliever for the MLB minimum salary.
Alderson jokingly added about the Braves' June 9 bobblehead day for Colon: “We had put in a call to buy their surplus inventory of Bartolo bobbleheads, but we'd have to do a quick paint job on those potentially.”
It's July 1, which means it's payday for former Met Bobby Bonilla. As part of a contract buyout from their playing days, Bonilla is owed $1,193,248.20 by the Mets annually on this date through 2035.
The Mets owed Bonilla $5.9 million when they originally agreed to the deferred payment structure. The annual payments began in 2011.
Nets first-round pick Jarrett Allen visited the Mets clubhouse before the game.
Significant court rulings, the latest round of campaign finance reports and policies that might help combat the opioid epidemic were among the political topics that received attention this week.
Rob Schofield, of NC Policy Watch, and Becki Gray, of the John Locke Foundation, join WUNC Capitol Bureau Chief Jeff Tiberii about these and other topics in the week's political news.
Alienware came to E3 2017 packing eye-opening announcements, and none was more impressive than its upcoming Area 51 systems with AMD Threadripper and Intel Core X processors. These super-high-end configurations are, for many gamers, the definition of a dream machine. And we had a chance to look at them on the show floor.
A familiar but still awesome chassis
The models of Area 51 announced at E3 may be stuffed with cores, but they're packed in a familiar crust. Luckily, it's as appealing and delicious as ever. Triangular in design, the Area 51 is still unique in the world of gaming desktops.
Alienware's unusual aesthetic has some functional benefits, as well. It allows a simple, straight avenue for airflow through the case, with intake coming in the bottom, and exhaust flowing out the top-rear. And plugging a headset or controller into the forward points, which are sloped towards the user, is easier than with most standard setups. It's even easier to pick up the Area 51 than most rectangular cases.
Matt Smith/Digital Trends Matt Smith/Digital Trends
Matt Smith/Digital Trends Matt Smith/Digital Trends
Shape aside, the Area 51 is not overly boisterous. Its sleek, gray side panels don't scream for attention as loudly as the tempered glass windows and sculpted plastic front façades found on some competitors. Still, the system does include a triad of AlienFX lighting on each side, as well as some touches along the front. These light strips can coordinate with other Alienware peripherals through a bundled software interface.
The real power is inside
Of course, looks are half the story – or maybe a third. The real news is what's inside these systems. Area 51 systems with AMD Threadripper will ship July 27, while the Core X version will ship in late August. Strangely, the system will only ship with Intel Core X chips up to the 10-core i9-7900X.
Alienware Area 51 (2017) Compared To
The massive chips are noticeable even under the water blocks that conceal them. Most systems have a water block that, at its core, is the size of a dollar coin, but these Area 51 rigs have blocks the size of a hockey puck. Even then, some elements of the socket are visible from beneath them. That's what multi-core insanity looks like.
Alienware also displayed an Area 51 system stuffed with two Radeon video cards (no – they weren't Vega). Gamers can order the rigs with up to two Nvidia GTX cards in SLI, or up to three AMD Radeon cards in CrossFire. Quad-card setups aren't supported. At least, not yet.
Normally, we'd expect such firepower to consume much of a rig's interior space, but the Area 51 does an excellent job of managing its components. The case door simply snaps off and, once inside, most components are accessible without removing other components. Power and data cords are smartly run as well, so they shouldn't get in the way of upgrades.
Mainstream for a reason
Alienware's Area 51 is among the most popular gaming desktops available, yet it's also full of clever ideas rarely found elsewhere. Its massive, unusual case has practical benefits, and its internal layout is among the cleanest in the business. The new Area 51, packed with up to 16 cores, looks ready to conquer all challengers when it's released in late July.
Hawke's Bay man Mottz Gillies was once addicted to meth for a decade of their life, but a brief stint in jail was the wake-up call they needed to turn their life around.
"I started using meth around 2000 - 2001 it was the new drug in town, so we all wanted to try it, I wanted to try. We all enjoyed it I thought it was the best thing ever, I didn't really know any of the horror stories or really know the effects of P," says Gillies.
But those effects began to rear their ugly head when they saw their family fall apart and they found themselves locked in jail for four years.
"That's when I had time to sober up while I was in jail and reflect on the last 10 years of my life, reflect on what happened, how it happened, why it happened and a lot of it was because of P."
"I lost what was important to me, I always thought my kids came first, but it wasn't even. It was all a lie, I was lying to myself. So I guess that's when the light went off in my head and I realised some changes had to be made."
When they were released from prison they changed their environment and has stayed away from meth for nearly eight years, their family is now at the top of their priority list.
A new food index analyzed 60 global intensive farming companies on health, environmental, and social issues and categorized 36 of them as “high risk.” Those large companies worth $152 billion include major suppliers to fast food chains, according to the Coller FAIRR Protein Producer Index published today.
The Farm Animal Investment Risk & Return (FAIRR) Initiative is a $5.9 trillion investor network that seeks to raise awareness of the material impacts factory farming and poor animal welfare can have on investment portfolios.
FAIRR analyzed major protein producers on their management and disclosure of nine ESG risk factors: GHG emissions, deforestation and biodiversity loss, water scarcity and water use, antibiotics, waste and water pollution, working conditions, food safety, sustainable proteins, and animal welfare. These factors were identified using previous FAIRR assessment, top-down analysis, and bottom-up analysis.
The Index shows that two-thirds of the companies are either not managing critical risks or are failing to disclose basic information. Major suppliers to McDonald's and KFC, including Chinese firm Fujian Sunner and Indian firm Venky's, are among the “high risk” companies, FAIRR says. Sanderson Farms, the third largest poultry producer in the United States, got a low ranking, as did Cal-Maine Foods and Guangdong Wens.
On the other end of the spectrum, the Index identified best practices in greenhouse gas emissions and alternative proteins, ranking Norwegian firm Marine Harvest at the top for approaches such as tracking antibiotics usage and only using them when fish are at risk. FAIRR also highlighted Tyson Foods for launching Tyson Ventures, a $150 million venture capital fund for developing plant-based meats and other sustainable food products.
To find out more about the new index, we connected with Aarti Ramachandran, FAIRR's head of research and corporate engagement.
What was the impetus for the Coller FAIRR Protein Producer Index Report?
Investors need environmental, social, and governance (ESG) data and transparency to make prudent investment decisions, yet this information is lacking in the meat, fish and dairy sector. This is the first index to help investors bridge that knowledge gap.
Most investors are exposed to the food sector and as megatrends like climate change, antibiotic resistance, and food technology radically reshape the way we produce and consume meat, fish, and dairy, the Coller FAIRR index will help institutional capital identify both best-in-class companies and potential stranded assets in the food sector.
How were the risk factors chosen?
For this index we consulted with a range of stakeholders including investor groups, NGOs, and companies. The nine risk factors chosen are representative of the key sustainability issues facing the animal protein production industry.
Were the results surprising to you?
The number of companies that were not meeting basic management and disclosure levels in areas like antibiotics flight attendantship and GHG emissions was surprising. Seventy-seven percent of Index companies were graded as high risk on antibiotics and 72% on GHG emissions. These high numbers were a surprise as these are critical business risks to these companies, especially as regulators, investors, and other companies increasingly engage on these issues.
When a company in the index has “inadequate” disclosure for a risk factor, what does that mean?
It generally means that they show no evidence of having a policy or processes in place to manage the issue. For example, in the case of inadequate disclosure of GHG emissions, they are not disclosing against the three KPIs for these criteria, including reporting targets for emissions reduction, or levels of emissions intensity. While this was not a scored indicator, none of the companies we assessed has developed an internal price on carbon. This lags behind their peers in the broader food industry, who have been using an internal price on carbon to guide their business decisions for a few years now.
What are the biggest challenges currently facing the lowest ranking companies?
All the sustainability challenges analyzed by this Index are complex ones that require long-term solutions. In all cases the first step for low ranking companies is to improve disclosure and to make sure these are issues are being measured so that they can be managed. From here, there is then a crucial step for low ranking companies to learn from the best practice and innovation identified in this report, and to try to emulate this within their own business models.
Where do you see the global protein production industry heading in the future?
Both regulators and consumers are displaying broad trends towards requiring healthier food and food that is produced in a more sustainable way — generating fewer emissions, less water use, and reducing biodiversity loss.
We have started to see traditional meat and fish companies like Tyson Foods and Cargill diversifying into alternative proteins, for example with Tyson buying a stake in Beyond Meat, and this could well be the start of an industry-wide trend.
Best Ways To Celebrate World Humanitarian Day In MinnesotaWorld Humanitarian Day honors the selfless efforts of men and women who dedicate and give their lives in the service of others. Since 2009, World Humanitarian Day has been commemorated on August 19. In Minnesota, this significant day will be celebrated with summer charity events and volunteerism.
A major laborers' union with a large Hispanic immigrant membership is using an English literacy test to disqualify candidates from running for leadership positions in the union.
The English competency requirement policy is being enforced by Local 78 of the Laborers' International Union of North America (LIUNA), whose members work dangerous jobs handling hazardous waste, including asbestos removal.
The union's screening panel recently rejected the candidacies of two members seeking to run for office in June 2 elections — Matilde Guiracocha and Carlos Guzman — for failing to pass the English basic competency test.
A literacy edict is enshrined in LIUNA's constitution.
Candidates are asked to read a passage from the union constitution to determine if they have basic English literacy skills.
“Your disqualification is based upon your failure to have met the requirement contained in Article V, Section 3 that every candidate must be literate,” Local 78 chairperson of Judges of Elections Radek Korek said in a May 7 rejection letter to Guiracocha, who sought to run for auditor general.
“An inability to read and write in Basic English would at a minimum put a candidate under a severe disadvantage and more likely prevent them or them from fulfilling the responsibilities of this office.''
The union also found they didn't meet job availability requirements in the year prior to the election.
But Guirococha, 57, an Ecuadorian native who has been with the union for 17 years, cried foul.
“I'm being discriminated against by the judges of elections of Local 78,” they said.
Meanwhile Guzman, 56, in a May 9 response to their rejection, told the LIUNA national executive board in D.C. that Local 78 is selectively enforcing the literacy rule to stifle competition and rig elections.
Guzman noted that they ran for office in 2015 after the screening panel said they “met all the requirements” — including English adequacy.
“While my English skills have not changed, my political allegiance has, and this raises serious questions as to the motivations of the instant veto,” Guzman said.
Guzman, also an Ecuadorian native, said they passed a basic literacy test before becoming a U.S. citizen in 2012.
In their appeal letter, Guzman argues said the literacy test violates the Labor-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act.
It's not the first time LIUNA has come under fire for the English competency rule.
Last year, Labor Secretary Alexander Acosta, who was appointed by President Trump, invalidated the election of LIUNA's Local 872 in Nevada and Arizona after concluding the literacy rule was selectively enforced.
Radik Korek, chairperson of Local 78's Election Judges who screen candidates, declined comment and referred questions to the union's attorney.
The union lawyer dismissed accusations of discrimination, saying Local 78 is abiding by a provision in LIUNA's constitution and applied the English basic competency test uniformly to all 31 candidates seeking t to run in union elections.
From Must-See Racing
HOLLY, Mi. (April 18, 2017) — Crawfordsville, Indiana's two time Pay Less Little 500 winner Jacob Wilson has entered the Must-See Racing Sprint Series presented by Engine Pro (MSRSS) Southern Shoot Out adding another top shelf competitor to the list of race teams from across the United States and Canada.
The popular open wheeler has strong support from their family based team led by brother and crew chief Clinton Wilson. Jacob has gained valuable experience participating in several different racing disciplines including a handful of Indy Lites events. Wilson is credited with four fast times including track records at Wisconsin's Madison International Speedway and Rockford Speedway in Illinois, plus two feature victories with the high powered Must See Racing Series. The series will be returning to Madison and Rockford Speedways later this season.
The Southern Shootout events will open up April 21 at Anderson (SC) Motor Speedway and return to Hickory (NC) Motor Speedway the following evening, April 22 for the third consecutive season. Fans can also meet and greet the teams from around the country at an open practice on Thursday April 20th at Anderson (SC) Motor Speedway.
“Jacob Wilson, their brother Clint, their mom and dad and crew are one of the best in the business and we are delighted to have them competing in our season opening southern swing next week. Winning the one of a kind and prestigious Pay Less Little 500 at Indiana's Anderson Speedway is a career making accomplishment and they have already won it twice. That speaks volumes of just how good they really are. The fans are going to enjoy watching this young man stand on the gas” stated MSR founder and president Jim Hanks.
For more info on Must See Racing please log onto www.mustseeracing.com
Things like this, in one form or another, happen all the time. People overstay their welcomes. A fun party can drag. A delicious dish will spoil. Sports fans often obsess about a coach's ability to build good things that they often overlook the most important quality of it all: Knowing when to end something, the moment it begins to turn bad.
It's a trait that all the greatest sports minds have. Tiger Woods, for all their faults, knew exactly when to change their swing and propel their career to new heights. Manchester United's legendary manager Sir Alex Ferguson would often sell their best players the moment they saw them slip. And now, we find ourselves talking about Nick Saban who, a week before the National Championship game, pushed a departing Lane Kiffin out of the door.
Nick Saban says the decision to part ways with Lane Kiffin was “mutual." More on ESPN now. pic.twitter.com/3CUxS6W7f7 — ESPN CollegeFootball (@ESPNCFB) January 2, 2017
It's an odd move at first, a harsh one at least, but it's a move Alabama fans should believe in.
Kiffin's play calling throughout the season was hardly uneventful — “Run the damn ball, Lane.” came about for a reason — and they were on their way to FAU anyway. Since confirming their departure tensions within the Alabama camp were growing, becoming increasingly more public in the process, and with their play calling in Alabama's 24-7 win over Washington a major point of contention among fans, the situation had the potential of becoming poisonous.
And so, in stepped Saban. A less-assured head coach would've let things slide. One more game, they would've told themselves, it'll be fine. They would've told themselves these risks were simply too big. That making a change would be too difficult to explain if it didn't work.
But Saban doesn't dance on those floors. They don't just do things like this without thinking. Pushing Lane out the door is a bold move, but it's one they know is ultimately in their team's best interests. Trusting in the process requires both ruthlessness and determination. Rather than risk losing a title game at the hands of in-fighting, Saban just shows they preach that to their players. They live it.
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
Radio host fired for complaining about female ESPN announcer PHILADELPHIA — A Philadelphia sports radio personality says they lost a weekly television gig after saying a female announcer calling an NFL game “sounds unnatural.” Mike Missanelli said on his...
How Beth Mowins blocks out negativity chasing NFL dream Beth Mowins chats with The Post's Justin Terranova about the responsibility of being the second woman to call an NFL game. Mowins makes their NFL on CBS debut Sunday with...
Disclaimer
UNCUT Magazine does not store any files. Everything posted on this site is for promotional use only. Files downloaded should be kept for no longer then 24 hours and then deleted. Please support the artists and buy their music. All music and videos are copyrights to the original owners.
1:38 Blind man gets choked up seeing their family for the first time in 19 years A legally blind man from Halifax, Massachusetts, was able to see their family after nearly two decades without sight, thanks to cutting-edge technology. “It was incredibly surreal,” the father of four said. “I'd still pictured my wife as a younger version of herself, but they still are as beautiful as ever.” Joe Vasconcelos, 53, suffers from retinitis pigmentosa, a rare degenerative disease. Their family is hoping to raise $10,000 to purchase the high-tech E-sight glasses.
0:53 Stampede of commuters barely makes it off a burning bus A bus burst into flames in Harbin City, China, after one of the tires caught on fire. More than 50 passengers rushed to evacuate, causing a stampede.
0:45 Woman munches on raw meat outside a train station A woman was seen eating a pound of raw meat outside a train station in central London. The person filming the gruesome sight gasped when they bit into the uncooked ground beef, which they drizzled with oil, and topped off by biting into a whole lemon.
1:13 Cop gets wrestled to the ground and hit with car before suspect's arrest A routine traffic stop turned into a high-speed chase in Georgia, after a driver wrestled a deputy to the ground and escaped arrest. The suspect eventually was driven off the road and charged with possession of a large amount of Xanax and aggravated assault against a law enforcement officer.
0:59 The sex scandals that plagued these political careers Sex scandals are common, especially in politics. In the wake of President Trump's alleged affair with porn star Stormy Daniels, here's a look at the most shocking sex scandals and affairs that left marks on our political history.
0:35 Cyclist goes airborne after he's hit by reckless driver North Wales police released CCTV footage of reckless driver Jake David Tompkinson hitting a cyclist, who went flying through the air. This week, Tompkins was sentenced to a year in prison and a two-and-a-half-year ban on driving. Police say Tompkins was driving carelessly and not paying attention at the time of the incident in July 2017. The biker sustained serious injuries and allowed the footage of their accident to be released to raise awareness of reckless driving.
0:55 Masked couple batter shop owner and steal $35K worth of gold Qatari tourist Mohammed Ibrahim Malki and their lady friend Aisha Udomwatananon donned masks to rob a Thai gold shop. Janyong Nopparat, t they store owner, was hit over the head with a metal bar and repeatedly punched in front of their horrified wife. The thieving couple fled in a car that was rented from a tourist resort miles from the gold shop. They were later found and arrested. Janyong and their wife were traumatized and injured, but they did get the $35,000 worth of gold returned.
0:51 Pepsi thief forgets to cover their face before stealing vending machine One Pepsi was not enough. Two men in Oklahoma City were seen stealing a Pepsi vending machine, after one of the thieves purchased a drink just five minutes before. The bandanna-clad suspects loaded the entire machine into a white pickup truck.
0:57 15-foot python found living inside this man's living room wall Forget the exterminator — time to call a snake charmer. A 15-foot-long python was caught hiding inside the walls of a living room in Bangkok. “This was an unusual place to find the snake,” said one of the rescuers, who hammered through the plasterboard to catch the serpent. “We think it got inside though a gap in the wall to shelter from the rain.”
Investors are bracing themselves for a profit decline for General Motors Co. amid declining U.S. car sales and raw-materials price increases.
GM GM, +0.45% is slated to report first-quarter earnings before the bell Thursday, counting on the goodwill it has amassed with analysts and investors to prevent a major bloodbath for the stock.
“The earnings numbers are going to be down big time from the prior year,” said Bill Selesky, an analyst with Argus Research. “The basic reason is that sales are slowing,” with U.S. retail sales likely flat compared with prior-year sales, making it harder for GM to turn a profit, they said.
See also: GM shares won't lag for long, Morgan Stanley says
On the plus side, GM has not gone too deep into discounts to try to get its cars out of the lot, and has been diligent about selectively cutting production to better match supply and demand, they said.
Here's what to expect:
Earnings: Analysts surveyed by FactSet expect GM to report earnings of $1.24 a share in the quarter, compared with earnings of $1.70 a share in the first quarter of 2017.
Estimize, a crowdsourcing platform that gathers estimates from Wall Street analysts as well as buy-side analysts, hedge-fund managers, company executives, academics and others, is expecting a first-quarter profit of $1.29 a share.
Revenue: Analysts polled by FactSet expect first-quarter sales of $34.46 billion for GM, which would compare with sales of $41.20 billion a year ago. The analysts surveyed at Estimize expect sales to reach $34.59 billion.
Stock reaction: GM stock has been the brighter star among U.S. automakers, and it has gained 12% in the past 12 months versus losses of 9% for Tesla Inc. TSLA, +0.77% and 3% for Ford Motor Co. F, -0.36% and compared with gains around 12.3% for the S&P 500 index SPX, -1.37% in the same period.
The stock also compares favorably with rivals this year, down 7.3% compared with losses of 10% for Tesla and 11% for Ford. That, however, compares with losses of 0.3% for the S&P and a 1.2% decline for the Dow Jones Industrial Average. DJIA, -1.87%
Other issues: The potential first-quarter weakness will hardly be a surprise for the market, as GM “has gone to great lengths” to flag that weakness, analysts at Evercore ISI said in a note.
“We expect GM to show notable improvements in Q2,” giving investors' confidence over the summer that GM is “well on track to meet its guidance,” they said.
Related: GM's driverless cars will be made in Michigan
Out of the “Detroit 3,” GM has forecast the smallest headwind from commodities, and it will be good on Thursday to hear from the company that it was not “overly conservative with its assumptions and that this number has not crept up materially,” the Evercore analysts said.
See also: Ford earnings offer another chance for the stock to shake off its slump
Expect analysts to ask GM for updates on the South Korea unit, said David Whiston, an analyst with Morningstar. Earlier this week, GM South Korea averted a bankruptcy filing after an 11th-hour deal with the country's unions, but concerns remain. GM has embarked on a broad restructuring in South Korea, which has included shutting down a plant.
GM recently announced a switch to reporting sales quarterly rather than monthly, and some analysts may have lingering questions about the move, Argus's Selesky said. By going with quarterly reports, GM has said, the company avoids wild swings in share prices.
Analysts are also sure to ask about management changes at GM's Cadillac. Steve Carlisle, managing director of GM Canada, took over as Cadillac chief executive last week, replacing Johann de Nysschen, who left GM.
“We are encouraged by this move, as we see it as a sign that GM senior management is not satisfied that Cadillac is living up to its full potential in the market, particularly outside of China,” analysts at Morgan Stanley said in a note Tuesday.
“We continue to see Cadillac as a distinct and highly valuable business that can increasingly justify an independent existence potentially outside of the GM parent/group structure,” the analysts said.
Morgan Stanley analysts last week said GM could surprise markets by taking action to lift its lagging shares.
Japan's long-awaited economic recovery gathered pace in the second quarter of 2017, with a 1.0% expansion from Q1 comfortably ahead of a projected 0.6%.
This gave the world's third-largest economy an annualised expansion rate of 4.0% in gross domestic product (GDP) over the period April to June, also well ahead of the median estimate of 2.5% and the best figure since Q1 2015, according to a preliminary estimate by the government's Cabinet Office.
Japan's economy has now expanded for six consecutive quarters, the first time it has reported continuous growth for an 18-month period since 2005-6.
The better figures appear to show that the programme dubbed ‘Abenomics', that prime minister Shinzo Abe has pursued since they were returned to power in late 2012. For a long time the policy was seen as assisting Japan's exporters, but doing little to help domestic income or spending.
However, consumer spending in Q2 2017 grew by 3.7% at an annualised rate and imports of good rose strongly in the quarter.
Japanese corporates also appear to be more optimistic, with business investment growing by nearly 10%. A survey released in April by US real estate group CBRE found that Japanese multinationals were keen to expand in key Asia Pacific markets.
Growth was further helped by a major government spending programme announced by Abe a year ago, with public investment growing at a rate of 22%, as well as investments linked to Tokyo's forthcoming hosting of the Olympic Games in 2020.
Economy minister Toshimitsu Motegi, struck a note of caution on the country's economic outlook however, reflecting warnings from some investors that the figure could be revised downwards later in the year.
“If you ask me whether private consumption has fully recovered, I would say it still lacks strength in some areas, which will need to be followed with policy,” Motegi said.
“We'll make sure that the domestic demand-led recovery continues. What is needed is supply-side reform. We'll focus our efforts on human resource investment, improvement in productivity, and new growth strategies.”
Last month, the Bank of Japan (BoJ) raised its forecasts for the fiscal years 2017-18 and 2018-19 to 1.8% and 1.4% respectively, against its earlier projections of 1.6% and 1.3%. It also pushed back the date by which it expects inflation, which is still subdued, to move back to its target rate of 2%.
The BoJ said that “Japan's economy is likely to continue its moderate expansion. Through fiscal 2018, domestic demand is likely to follow an uptrend, with a virtuous cycle from income to spending being maintained in both the corporate and household sectors, on the back of highly accommodative financial conditions and fiscal spending through the government's large-scale stimulus measures.”
1 views
More Videos 0:30 South Florida, brace yourself for temperatures in the 40s and 50s Pause 0:47 Fake engineer cheats ex-staffers out of thousands, cops say 2:13 Popular windsurfing business forced to close after Irma faces bigger challenges 0:35 Firefighters control fire in apartment building in Sunny Isles Beach 1:09 Police respond to fatal shooting near Palmetto Expressway exit 0:21 Hit-and-run crash leaves man critically injured in Miami 0:54 Roger Federer practices Friday 0:38 1 million visitors and counting for the PAMM museum 0:05 Police dashcam captures fireball in sky over New Jersey 2:10 New high blood pressure guidelines mean 30 million more Americans have hypertension Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Rehab hospital near Coral Gables evacuated after smoke scare A rehabilitation hospital just outside of Coral Gables, was partially evacuated on Sunday afternoon after a smoke scare. A rehabilitation hospital just outside of Coral Gables, was partially evacuated on Sunday afternoon after a smoke scare. Sebastián Ballestas For the Miami Herald
A rehabilitation hospital just outside of Coral Gables, was partially evacuated on Sunday afternoon after a smoke scare. Sebastián Ballestas For the Miami Herald
An appeal by the three Rotary clubs of Grantham is well on the way to raising £3,000 for those affected by the devastating hurricanes in the Caribbean.
Over the past three weekends the clubs have been at local stores and on the streets collecting for the victims, many of whom have lost their homes on the islands after several hurricanes struck, wreaking havoc as they passed across the region with winds reaching speeds of up to 180 miles per hour.
Rotarians John Morrissey and Courtney Finn of the Rotary Club of Grantham collecting for the victims of the hurricanes in the Caribbean.
The Rotary Club of Grantham, the Rotary Club of Grantham Kesteven and the Grantham Sunrise Rotary Club have combined their efforts to raise the money for hurricane victims.
With the support of Asda andDowntown and this weekend's street collections, almost £2,000 was collected. With further contributions from the clubs to come, it is thought around £3,000 will be raised.
Grantham Rotarian Roger Graves said: “We are delighted with the result and once again thank the people of Grantham for their support.
“The funds will be used towards Rotary ShelterBoxes and Rotary Trade Aid boxes which are sent out to support residents of countries in times of a natural disaster.
“The latest news from ShelterBox is that they are working hard to help as many people as they can that have been affected by Hurricane Irma.
“They have four ShelterBox response teams working on activities in the Caribbean.”
ShelterBoxes contain a 10-man tent, a bed, water purification, cooking utensils, a toolkit and children's pack.
The Trade Aid boxes were the idea of the Grantham Kesteven club and contain tools and other items to help people start working again after a disaster like those in the Caribbean.
A team is in Barbados to work in the co-ordination hub. They have established a ShelterBox hub there to work on the complex logistics of getting aid to the families who desperately need it.
A total of 500 shelter kits were shipped from Panama and have arrived in Barbuda, a small island which suffered some of the worst effects of the storms which destroyed many buildings. They have a second team in Barbuda distributing aid in Barbuda and St Kitts and Nevis.
A third team has gone to the Dominican Republic and they are providing another 500 ShelterBoxes from Panama, along with training on how to use them. A fourth team has gone to the British Virgin Islands to conduct needs assessments.
Facebook's chief security officer will leave the social media company after battling with executives over their transparency about the extent of Russian disinformation on the website , a report said Monday.
Alex Stamos — who had already been set to depart in August — was a proponent of disclosing and investigating nefarious activity by Russian agents on the social media network, according to The New York Times.
Stamos disputed the report, however, in a Twitter post.
“Despite the rumors, I'm still fully engaged with my work at Facebook,” they wrote.
“It's true that my role did change. I'm currently spending more time exploring emerging security risks and working on election security.”
Facebook did not immediately comment.
Stamos penned a blog post in September 2017 when Facebook admitted that it sold ads to Russian propagandists.
“We will continue to invest in our people and technology to help provide a safe place for civic discourse and meaningful connections on Facebook,” they wrote.
The news of their departure comes after the disclosure that 50 million Facebook user profiles had been harvested by Cambridge Analytica.
'Saturday Night Fever' is Hollywood's greatest insult to Italian-Americans I've hated “Saturday Night Fever” since the first time I saw it in 1977. It's the only Hollywood movie that offends me as an Italian-American. Sure, it's “iconic” — but...
How the Bee Gees went from No. 1 to national pariahs In June 1979, the Bee Gees were on top of the world. Months before, their “Saturday Night Fever” soundtrack, featuring songs written and/or performed by the Australian trio, had won...
British police target immigrants in explosive 'Guerrilla' Guerrilla Sunday, 9 p.m., Showtime In “Guerrilla,” John Ridley, who created the award-winning ABC anthology series “American Crime,” shifts their focus from stateside society ills to the problems faced by...
This playlist can actually save lives It's time to dust off your “Saturday Night Fever” vinyl and . . . resuscitate. The New York Presbyterian-Hospital has just released a playlist of 40 songs that mirror the rhythm of CPR, Quartz...
How Steve McQueen nearly stole Barry Gibb's wife He's the last Bee Gee standing — but Barry Gibb doesn't need to pull out the family photo albums to remember their brothers, twins Maurice (who died in 2003 from...
The Warriors are heavy favorites to win the title, but there are reasons to think the Cavs could make things interesting in the 2018 NBA Finals.
World number three Ding Junhui beats fellow countryman Xiao Guodong 10-3 to secure a place in the last 16 of the World Championship Snooker.
READ MORE: World Snooker Championship 2018: Latest scores, schedule and results
In this week's fact-checking video, CNN's Jake Tapper reviews President Donald Trump's claim that the black unemployment rate is the lowest in recorded history “because of my policies.”
While it's true that the black unemployment rate recently reached its lowest level in decades, the rate has been in steady decline for about the last seven years.
As we wrote, the black unemployment rate was 7.8 percent, the lowest it had been in nearly 10 years, when Trump took office in January 2017, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Under Trump, it dropped a full percentage point to 6.8 percent in December. That's the lowest rate since the bureau began regularly breaking out unemployment rates by race in 1972.
There was a similar decline during the same 11-month period in 2016, but the drop was even more pronounced in each of the three years before that. In other words, the downward trend continued under Trump, but at a slower pace than in recent years.
As the video notes, the Bureau of Labor Statistics released the latest data on Feb. 2 — several days after the president had made the claim. The black unemployment rate crept back up to 7.7 percent in January, almost exactly the rate when Trump became president.
FactCheck.org and Tapper have been collaborating on fact-checking videos since September 2015. All of the videos can be found on FactCheck.org.
The Russian economy is embarking on the positive development path, Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said on April 17 at the meeting with President Vladimir Putin.
"The government will now provide good estimates of the current status of the Russian economy. These estimates are confirmed for the time being by the range of analytical agencies monitoring developments in our economy and evidence that our economy reaches a positive scenario, as reflected in their estimates," Medvedev said.
The situation in the economy changed in general over the last year, the prime minister said.
"Our economy enters the growth stage. We observed that at the turn of the last year and see this early this year. In particular, industrial output growth was 1.3 percent as of the last year-end, which is highly important. It means our industry is recovering," Medvedev said.
The situation in the agricultural sector is also positive, the prime minister said. "Growth was 5 percent in the last year. I believe this is a consolidated result of government's work over the last 15 years because our agriculture has changed dramatically," they said.
The agricultural industry has "vast export potential," Medvedev added. A synergetic effect is present in growth of agribusiness segments, Medvedev said. Agricultural machine-building is developing on account of production growth in agriculture, they said. Production of agricultural machinery, harvesters and tractors rose by 60 percent, the prime minister added.
Source: TASS
Paul Dunne had to make the US Open the hard way, but the Greystone man heads for Erin Hills with absolutely no fear and a strong belief that if he's in the mix come Sunday, he's ready to make the most of it.
Dunne secured a place in this week's Major after coming through a marathon qualifying round in Walton Heath, England.
In a seven-man play-off for the final four spots, the 24-year-old held their nerve to book a ticket their first ever US Open.
No stranger to defying the odds - in 2015 Dunne became the first amateur since 1927 to lead the British Open after 54 holes - he's confident of making a real impact in Wisconsin.
"If I get in contention I feel like I'm really ready to make the most of it," Dunne told RTÉ Sport.
"I feel very comfortable that if I get there I'll do well; it's just a matter of getting there.
"I've never been to a US Open before but I've been to this sort of environment before and I've played well in it. It's all about getting your game in decent shape and then getting comfortable on the course.
"From there it's just golf. There's more people around, there are more stands, but it's nothing I haven't seen around so I feel more comfortable in the setting."
"I started practising Sunday but it's a bit of a different course than I was expecting."
Dunne in action
Tournament organisers have made the decision to cut down heavy rough on four holes at Erin Hills, a call which has been criticised by Rory McIlroy.
Dunne admitted those changes have presented a different challenge to what they envisaged, but one he's keen to embrace nonetheless.
"The fairways are wider and the greens are softer than I was expecting, but obviously the penalty for missing the fairways is quite severe.
"I hope the wind blows a little bit. It's visually quite Irish. It'd be nice for it to play a little bit like that too.
"At the end of the day it's what I do every week, it's just on a bigger scale with a better field but that's why I'm here - to see how my game measures up against the better players."
The success recorded by security agencies in Rivers State has been attributed to the invention of the Information and Communication Technology (ICT) in the country especially in the arrest of high profile persons.
According to a police officer serving in the state who pleaded anonymity made the revelation in an unofficial chat with The Tide, in Port Harcourt. They said without the birth of the ICT, many arrests in the country would have been abortive due to its complex nature.
They explained how some high profile criminal elements try to block their access via the internet but could not due to the higher internet gadget available to the police.
According to him, the government should do more by training more officers and men in ICT handling in order to record more success.
The officer noted that some top ICT operators are in the employ of some criminals who aid them in their ugly activities including defrauding unsuspecting members of the public via their Automated Teller Machine Cards (ATM).
It was also revealed that those in the intellence department of all security outfits in the federation, ought to do more on ICT training and to enable them beat the challenge ahead.
They noted that the areas where crime was still evident were lacking in current ICT tools, saying that upon achievement of the tools, that the situation would be brought to normalcy.
The Tide learnt that the police have tracked down one lady through the use of ICT gadgets who specialised in defrauding their clients under the guise of supplying sharp sand to them.
The lady, The Tide further gathered was arrested when a top police officer posed as a customer and transferred huge amount of cash to their account, but blocked it online and was arrested in an attempt to do manual withdrawal in the bank in Port Harcourt.
They have also warned against granting of ICT licence to what they described as road side operators, saying they are the clog in the ICT world.
However, they have called on the Nigeria Communication Commission (NCC), to intensify action in the aspect of regulation in a bid to frustrate the efforts of criminal elements in the system.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Magnificent Mansfield Town kept the pressure on the top three automatic promotion places with a convincing 3-1 win over bottom side Barnet at a cold and wet One Call Stadium this afternoon.
It was a ninth game unbeaten for Steve Evans' men, who sit fourth, and could have been even more convincing with Kane Hemmings and Alex MacDonald missing second half sitters.
MacDonald had Stags 1-0 up at the break with their 42nd minute finish and Will Atkinson made it 2-0 on 55 minutes before Rose added a third on 70 minutes.
Barnet did notch a late consolation as sub Simeon Akinola punished a short header back to their keeper from Rhys Bennett. But it was more than they deserved after a poor second half showing.
The Bees are now eight games without a win.
Mansfield's three transfer window signings all had to make do with a place on the bench.
With Mansfield having only lost once in their last 16 League Two outings, boss Evans stayed loyal to their players.
So striker Ricky Miller and midfielders Matt Penney and Adam King, who were all signed on loan this week, were among the substitutes.
However, Evans did make two changes with Atkinson and Paul Anderson brought in for Alfie Potter, dropped to the bench, and Zander Diamond, whose wife is due to give birth.
Striker Lee Angol missed out on a place in the squad with a groin strain.
Barnet arrived bottom of the table but having drawn their last two games under new head coach Graham Westley, who also chose to start with their three new signings on the bench today.
A scrappy start by both sides on the wet surface saw Akinde furious not to get a penalty under Pearce's challenge on six minutes, though it would have been a harsh one.
On 12 minutes Akinde slipped a good pass into Brindley on the right and Bennett was in quickly to block their attempted finish. But still neither keeper had been tested.
On 13 minutes Mansfield had a penalty appeal of their own turned down as Santos leaned an arm on Rose in the box and the striker crumpled to the ground, play waved on.
Coulthirst was then well over from distance from the game's first real goal attempts a minute later.
Nicholls then warmed Logan's hands with a stinging shot from 25 yards on 16 minutes.
Stags went straight upfield and, via a series of passes, worked the ball to MacDonald, who tried to place a curling finish inside the far post only to see it clip the post and go wide.
There was then a hold-up as referee Scott Oldham pulled up injured and had to be replaced by fourth official Thomas Bramall on 22 minutes.
On 29 minutes Rose made a great tackle that helped set up Hemmings for a good run forward and a low finish that skidded across the face of goal and narrowly wide.
A minute later Hemmings held off two defenders on the box only to shoot straight at Ross, the keeper saving with their leg.
MacDonald then sent a 30 yard snapshot at the keeper as Mansfield began to up the ante.
Another MacDonald blast took a deflection for a corner as the home fans began to turn up the volume.
Mansfield finally had the breakthough on 42 minutes. Another lengthy series of passes between Benning, Byrom and MacDonald on the edge of the Barnet box ended with MacDonald looking up and whipping a superb curling finish in off the far post from the left hand side of the penalty area.
A minute from the break Rose flashed a first time shot wide of the near post after Hamilton had pulled a cross back from the by-line.
In added time Logan had home hearts in mouths when they saved a Coulthirst free kick, then spilled the ball. They grabbed it again but a corner had been given, which Stags survived.
MacDonald should have made it 2-0 six minutes after the break from a Hemmings nod-down, but they somehow sent a low finish wide from five yards with the goal at theirs mercy.
Nevertheless Stags did go 2-0 up from a 55th minute corner. Byron curled it to the near post where Hemmings' on target header was turned over the line by Atkinson.
Barnet had an immediate chance to pull one back but Weston screwed a first time shot wide.
After Akinola had replaced Coulthirst, at the other end Benning was wide with a first time 20 yard blast.
Clough sent a header straight at Logan from a 64th minute Watson free kick.
But Stags missed another absolute sitter on 67 minutes. Benning curled the ball over from the left and Hemmings incredibly sent their header wide from four yards.
Rose finally settled the game on 70 minutes. Hamilton crossed low from the left and Rose picked their spot with a first time finish inside the left post. They left the field to huge applause seven minutes from time as Spencer replaced him.
Hemmings then shot just wide before new boy Miller replaced them on 85 minutes.
Akinola pulled one back with three minutes to go after reaching a short backheader from Bennett and stabbing it past Logan.
To their credit the visitors piled on some late pressure to make sure Stags did not end the day cruising.
But the day very much belonged to Mansfield in the end.
STAGS: Logan; Anderson, Pearce, Bennett, Benning; MacDonald, Byrom, Atkinson (Potter 90+2), Hamilton; Rose (Spencer 83), Hemmings (Miller 85), Subs not used: Olejnik, King, Penney, Digby.
BARNET: Ross, Brindley, Santos, Clough, Tutonda, Watson, Weston (Nicholson 74), Nicholls (J. Taylor 79), Bover, Akinde, Coulthirst (Akinola 59). Subs not used: Legg, Vilhete, Sule, Plavotic.
REFEREE: Scott Oldham of Blackpool.
ATTENDANCE: 3,795 (79 away).
CHAD STAGS MAN OF THE MATCH: Danny Rose.
And the Golden Globe for Most Valuable Plummer goes to . . .
The nominations for the 75th Annual Golden Globes were announced Monday morning, and among them was the 87-year-old acting legend Christopher Plummer for their supporting performance as crotchety billionaire J. Paul Getty in “All The Money In The World.”
Only, Getty was not Plummer's part until six weeks ago, when sexual harassment allegations first emerged against the original actor Kevin Spacey. The “House of Cards” star was dropped — and their scenes were quickly re-shot with Plummer at the hefty cost of $10 million. That's one pricey doorstop.
The film also scored nods for Ridley Scott's directing and Michelle Williams' supporting turn.
Although the Globes have evolved over the years from a wacky night with tasteless European journalists into a generally accurate horoscope of Oscar fortunes, Monday's list featured some strange throwbacks to the hilarious Hollywood Foreign Press Association of yore.
After solid reviews and middling buzz, director Guillermo del Toro's “The Shape of Water” — about a mute woman's romance with a laboratory sea monster — seemed like a dark horse. Turns out, for the Globes, it's Secretariat. The flick led the pack with seven nominations, including best motion picture – drama, the best director (de Toro), the best actor (Sally Hawkins), best supporting actor (Richard Jenkins), best supporting actor (Octavia Spencer), the best screenplay and best original score.
Critic darlings and Oscar favorites “Call Me By Your Name” (the LA Film Critics Circle's best film) and “Lady Bird” (the NY Film Critics Circle's best film) both walked away with far less. “CMBYN,” an excellent gay romance set in Italy, rightly scored nods for best actor (Timothée Chalamet), best supporting actor (Armie Hammer) and best motion picture – drama. Meanwhile the popular coming-of-age comedy “Lady Bird” earned four nominations: best motion picture – comedy, the best actor (Saiorse Ronan), best supporting actor (Laurie Metcalf) and best screenplay (Greta Gerwig).
Gerwig, however, was not recognized for their terrific direction. Five dudes were instead.
Sadly, among that dude quintet was not writer-director Jordan Peele, whose acclaimed box office horror hit “Get Out” received a measly two nominations: best motion picture comedy (a categorization that infuriated many fans) and best actor (Daniel Kaluuya).
Steven Spielberg's “The Post” — about the Washington Post, not us — was the second biggest taker with six nominations, including the best director, the best actor (Meryl Streep), the best actor (Tom Hanks), best score, the best screenplay and best motion picture – drama. It'll dude it out with fellow draminees “Call Me By Your Name,” “The Shape of Water,” “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri” and “Dunkirk.”
The movies vying for best comedy are “Lady Bird,” “The Disaster Artist,” “Get Out, “The Greatest Showman” and “I, Tonya.”
Thanks to celebs being funneled an endless supply of booze, the Globes are usually the most enjoyable night of awards season. That will probably still be true — even though Seth Meyers is the stale rye bread of hosts. Just don't expect ‘em to be Oscar tea leaves this time around.
'Top Model' winner Eva Marcille to join 'RHOA' A new face of the "Real Housewives of Atlanta" is one reality TV viewers have seen before.
Ex-'America's Next Top Model' judge declares bankruptcy Embattled former “America's Next Top Model” judge Nole Marin has declared bankruptcy, ticking off the models who are suing them for cheating them out of $500,000 in wages. “I saw...
Eva Marcille spotted filming with Atlanta 'Housewife' Cynthia Bailey may not be the only model featured on "The Real Housewives of Atlanta" next season.
'ANTM' judge Nigel Barker is the new face of Invivo Wines Former “America's Next Top Model” judge Nigel Barker thinks they may have been a wine smuggler. Barker, who just signed on to be the US face of New Zealand's Invivo...
Tyra Banks warns of 'Top Model' casting scam “There is no cost to audition for #ANTM at all,” they the legendary model reminded everyone on Twitter.
'America's Next Top Model' contestant shot in Houston Brandy Rusher appeared on the fourth cycle of Tyra Banks' reality competition series.
FAIRBORN — They haven't been in the Wright State University men's basketball lineup yet, but when guard Cole Gentry laces up for the Raiders next week, the offense will be in good hands.
During their first-year student campaign at South Dakota State, Gentry was red-shirted. Their Jackrabbits team ultimately reached the NCAA tournament that year.
“I got to go against those guys in practice everyday,” Gentry said. “Being around a team that made the NCAA tournament, you understand what it takes to get to that level.”
Following that season, then SDSU coach Scott Nagy took the helm at WSU along with their assistant Brian Cooley, who recruited Gentry.
Midway through their second year, Gentry decided playing for the Raiders would be a good fit with their former coaches on the staff. They also grew up with WSU center Loudon Love, who lived only a few miles away in the Chicago suburbs and was a competitor in high school. The two are now roommates.
“I had a good relationship with them (Cooley) and coach Nagy,” Gentry said. “It was going to be a better basketball opportunity for me here, and I was comfortable with them.”
Gentry admits it was a weird situation joining a new team in the middle of spring semester last year, when they sat out due to NCAA transfer rules. Despite this, they quickly found that they were welcomed by their teammates.
“When it comes down to it, we all love playing basketball, so we share that common interest. We speak the same language that way and can make relationships off the court,” Gentry said. “They helped me get adjusted when I got here. It feels like I've been here for a few years now.”
When they step on the court Saturday, Dec. 16 against host Toledo, one of the motivations for Gentry will be the awareness of who laid the path to where they are now.
“It's for all of my teammates, the coaches who believed in and allowed me to come here, high school coaches that helped me along the way and my parents. My parents drove me everywhere to play basketball,” Gentry said. “You want to make people proud that they helped you out along the way.”
The Raiders are currently in the middle of the pack among Horizon League teams in field goal shooting at 44.3 percent. Gentry can help remedy this, according to Nagy.
“He gives us good leadership, is our best ball handler and gives people easy shots because of their dribble penetration,” Nagy said. “Cole is a natural point guard. It allows us to move guys to other positions and gives us more depth overall just by adding the guy.”
Gentry explained that Nagy has continued to spur their development as a player with their style of coaching.
“I think they are very straightforward, honest with people and consistent,” Gentry said. “That helps everybody on our team, because we know what we're going to get from coach Nagy.”
When their career as a basketball player concludes, Gentry says they hope to use the passion they have for their sport to coach. As for their current role at the point, they are more than ready for their first minutes as a Raider.
“I'm looking forward to the added responsibility and people counting on me to produce,” Gentry said.
Submitted photo Cole Gentry is a 5-foot-10-inch sophomore for WSU's basketball team. The transfer from South Dakota State is ready to make their Raiders debut on Dec. 16 when Wright State plays at Toledo. Submitted photo Cole Gentry is a 5-foot-10-inch sophomore for WSU's basketball team. The transfer from South Dakota State is ready to make their Raiders debut on Dec. 16 when Wright State plays at Toledo.
Greene County News
Story courtesy of Alan Hieber and Wright State University Athletics www.wsuraiders.com/.
Story courtesy of Alan Hieber and Wright State University Athletics www.wsuraiders.com/.
View 1 more event available today1 more event available today
Choose from our full range of coverage
Pupils from St Paul's RC Academy have won a national competition which saw them design fashion items from everyday “junk” materials.
The sixth year pupils —Ayden Bryson-Sword, Ellie Byrne and Ummi Ibrahim — are celebrating after taking home the top prize in the Junk Kouture contest held at the SECC in Glasgow.
The event saw pupils design stunning fashion items out of discarded materials — a process referred to as upcycling.
Watched by a panel of judges including Louis Walsh, Una Healy from The Saturdays and fashion designer Rhys Ellis, they came out on top after seeing off stiff competition from 80 other entries from across Scotland.
Their entry, entitled Wear No Evil, focused on the environmental damage “fast fashion” can have on the planet and looked to open a discussion on bringing environmentally-conscious change to the industry. Their winning design was an outfit made from old maps.
As well as the Junk Kouture trophy, the team members received an iPad mini each and £500 to share, in addition to a £1,000 cash prize for the school.
Art and design teacher Carly Nicoll, who worked with the pupils on their entry, said the whole community had rallied behind the campaign. They said: “All of us at St Paul's are completely astonished at having won this prize.
“Ayden, Ellis and Ummi all worked extremely hard on the project and just to have been shortlisted for the finals was amazing, so to win the competition is just fantastic.
“It was the first time our school had entered the competition and being announced as the winners was overwhelming.
“The whole school and wider community were behind the team from the very beginning, and it was so nice to feel like the entire city was supporting us.”
Normally, when star athletes get dealt, they're usually complimentary of their previous team or they hide how they feel if the trade was done under contentious circumstances.
That's not true for new Yankees star Giancarlo Stanton.
They started their Monday with an Instagram post in which they talked about trying to “be as professional as possible during the unprofessional, circus times” in Miami.
Then, they delivered some serious salty quotes at their press conference:
1.
Giancarlo Stanton to Marlins fans: "Hang in there. Maybe watch from afar." pic.twitter.com/xUM3I888zS — Yahoo Sports (@YahooSports) December 11, 2017
On Marlins fans:
“They're hurting, they're going to go through some more tough years. I would advise them not to give up, just keep hope. Maybe watch from afar if you're going to watch.”
2.
From USA TODAY Sports:
“We spoke about the direction of the team,” Stanton told reporters. “I wanted us to go forward and advance with the pitching staff. I thought our lineup was legit and we needed help with our pitchers, to add and not subtract. The way they wanted to go was subtract. “It's almost a guaranteed losing season to take away from that lineup.”
3.
Giancarlo Stanton on the Marlins: “You guys in the media have seen how it goes down there. No structure. No direction.” — Andy McCullough (@McCulloughTimes) December 11, 2017
The case of five felony charges of perjury against Lake County Coroner Dr. Thomas Rudd, stemming from their signature as circulator on five pages of nominating petitions, went away quietly in a March 14 hearing. Circuit Court Judge Victoria Rossetti presided over the session, where a plea offer submitted by the prosecution was formally accepted, ending a controversial saga that began in February 2016.
In vacating the five felony counts, Rudd pleaded guilty to five misdemeanor counts of disregarding the election code as a technical offense, serve a two-year conditional discharge, pay $5,000 in fines and additional court administrative costs, and make a $5,000 donation to the Carbondale-based Paul Simon Public Policy Institute. Further, they will be restricted from running for public office or working for a governmental agency at the county and state level for five years beyond the term of the discharge period.
The fines and seven-year ban are in accordance with state law defined for the offense, although the pertinent election code still remains shrouded in gray. The code stipulation was the subject of court hearings in Effingham County, where it was struck down as unconstitutional, and set aside in a downstate Bloomington case.
Ken Menzel, lead attorney for the Illinois State Board of Elections, had said the statute was entered into law to prohibit a candidate from running for office twice in the same election cycle. However, there is still no provision guiding candidate disposition when the nominating petitions are withdrawn, along with the candidacy.
“The restriction on working for the government or holding elected office is a unique provision found in the state statute, and was an important element in the agreement moving forward,” said Special Prosecutor Bernard Murray. “There were people that were arrested and convicted of fraud, and five years later, they are back working for the government. It's as if you are rewarding bad behavior.”
In addition to the vacating of the felony charges, the agreement allows Rudd to maintain their medical license, avoid incarceration, and not impinge upon their first amendment rights of free speech.
In December 2015, Rudd was scheduled for a hearing before the county's Electoral Board of Review over an objection filed against their nominating petitions for re-election to the county coroner position. Rudd admitted signing petition pages as the circulator in error, on bad counsel, in withdrawing their candidacy and the petitions. They then mounted a campaign as an Independent Candidate, and garnered more than 14,000 signatures that were not challenged.
An objection was filed citing the statute code of running twice in the same election cycle. Rudd challenged the code through the county electoral review board, the circuit court, and the appellate court, which entered its decision online Aug. 31, 10 minutes before the close of business. The next day, Sept. 1, the printing of ballots began.
With the Illinois Supreme Court refusing to hear the case, a write-in campaign during the Nov. 2016 general election netted them more than 8,000 votes. Three months later, Rudd was indicted by the Lake County Grand Jury on five counts of perjury for signing five pages of petitions as the circulator. Lake County State's Attorney Michael Nerheim presented the grand jury with the evidence, and summarily requested a special prosecutor from the Illinois State's Attorney Appellate Special Prosecutor's Office.
The first appointee was Brian Towne, the former La Salle County State's Attorney, who was replaced after they were indicted in September on felony and misdemeanor counts. Springfield-based attorney Charles Zalar was then assigned, but subsequently resigned, due to personal health issues. Chicago-based attorney Murray was named last Dec. to prosecute the case.
A May date had been set to begin the formal trial process, when the plea offer and conditions was tendered in early March, and accepted March 12 by the defense.
The 13-month legal process has also carried political overtones, as a “payback” for Rudd's use of science and pathology in determining or changing the cause and manner of death in several high-profile cases including Darrin Hanna, Benjamin Kingan, and Fox Lake police Lt. Charles Gliniewicz.
“If anyone doubts that the prosecution of Thomas Rudd was politically based, one needs only to look at the prosecutor's demanded condition of this misdemeanor charge,” said defense attorney, Jed Stone, in a prepared statement. “Dr. Rudd will be barred from ‘public employment' for five years … Justice prevailed today when perjury counts were dismissed.
“But the public good has been injured by the prosecutors who deny the public of a thoughtful and decent man.”
Rudd spoke briefly, following the hearing.
“I'm just glad that it's over,” they said. In December 2015, the nominating petitions were withdrawn and I did the honorable thing in stepping down. You make a mistake, you try to correct it. I am deeply saddened that the state wasted all this time and all this money for what amounted to a clerical error.”
Matthew Stanton, an adjunct professor on constitutional law at the Chicago Kent School of Law, and former Lake County State's Attorney candidate, has monitored the Rudd case.
“This illustrates how Illinois election law is in desperate need of reform,” they said. “We need to streamline the process of a candidate getting on the ballot … where a set of arcane rules make it necessary for a candidate to have a team of election attorneys on staff. Here, a popular incumbent was tripped up by what would be considered a technical glitch in any other context.
“This was a case of first impression meaning this has never been tried in court before … the prosecution was unprecedented.”
—Rudd accepts misdemeanor plea deal; felonies vacated–
Rory McIlroy claimed their first PGA Tour victory since 2016 on Sunday, edging the likes of Dechambeau, Stenson, and some guy named Tiger with a final round 64 that had golf fans basking in the warm glow of Runaway Rory nostalgia. It wasn't all iced tea and lemonade at the Arnold Palmer Invitational, however. After posting their 67 on Saturday, Rory sounded off on a heckler who had been shouting their wife's name repeatedly over the course of the round, suggesting a quick fix for the PGA Tour's seemingly growing asshole problem: Sell less booze .
It's a simple solution, but also a controversial one for the army of good ol' golf boys still double-fisting it up and down fairways from Kapalua to Shinecock. So before the PGA Tour takes a page out of the MLB and the NFL's beer-soaked book and starts capping booze sales when the final group makes the turn, we decided it was time for a brush-up on the etiquette of watching golf. Perhaps if we—drunken golf idiots of America—can master these simple rules, we can save our kidney-pureeing free-for-all from extinction.
Moms/daughters/sisters/wives/girlfriends are off limits
Pinterest Elsa
If you absolutely have to heckle a player, make fun of their shoes...then schedule an appointment with your therapist who probably won't call you back because you're a monster human.
Never walk across another patron's line...of sight
Here's looking you, 7-foot guy in the top hat who will somehow always sidle in front of you mid Rickie backswing. 1865 CALLED, ABE, THEY WANT THEIR LANKY-ASS PRESIDENT BACK.
Try not to stand in a player's line either...
Unless it gives you the best angle for your dead sprint to the next tee, in which case do what you need to.
Leave the Female Body Inspector shirt (and other assorted Spencer's attire) at home
Pinterest Tracy Wilcox
Somebody wakes up full-Tiger-suit guy. They need to hear this.
Every third beer should be a water
No, Smart Ass, Bud Light does not count as water.
Snapchat during the follow-through, not the backswing
Pinterest Chris Condon
Also applies to Instagram Stories, Facebook Stories, Angry Birds Stories, Google Maps Stories, Bedtime Stories, and the six trillion other apps that do exactly the same thing.
Occasionally check to see if your umbrella is jabbed into another human's eyeball
Take it from us, St. Andrews looks a hell of a lot better without an eye patch.
Always Purell after the porta potty and before the hot dog stand
Pinterest Lynne Cameron - PA Images
This is how zombie outbreaks start. For the sake of humankind, pack your own Costco vat of gelatinous rubbing alcohol (which you can also sip on once PGA prohibition goes into effect.)
Only one “baba booey” per round
This is being generous, so shut up and pick your moment wisely.
Whatever you do, don't be this guy
Unless you're looking for hot meals and free lodging at Maricopa County Correctional Facility.
Shire Plc said it is willing to recommend a revised proposal from Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. as the companies neared a deal valued at about $64 billion.
Takeda's latest offer is equivalent to about 49 pounds ($68.54) a share, including 27.26 pounds in stock and 21.75 pounds in cash, Shire said in a statement. That's a 60 percent premium to Shire's closing price on March 27, before Takeda disclosed its interest in the U.S. drugmaker.
A completed deal would be the biggest by a Japanese company of an overseas target. Takeda last week raised its offer to 47 pounds a share and lifted the cash portion of the bid after three prior proposals were rejected.
Takeda has been ramping up its takeover ambitions as Chief Executive Officer Christophe Weber faces challenges in ensuring the future of Japan's biggest drugmaker. With few late-stage experimental drugs in its own pipeline and a shrinking home market, Takeda needs lucrative new therapies. A Shire takeover would bring it medicines for rare diseases such as hemophilia -- a field that's luring a growing number of drugmakers who can charge more for unique life-saving drugs than for routine treatment.
Getting set up in a new home can be stressful enough without worrying about the financial strain — but one Dundee organisation set out to change that for many of the city's hard-up residents.
Since the turn of the millennium, Dundee Starter Packs has helped those who have recently been housed in the city, and are on low incomes, with the essentials they need.
Volunteers collect donations of good quality second-hand wares such as dinnerware, electrical goods, bedding and towels to create ‘starter packs' for those who cannot afford what they need themselves.
Pat Motion, chairperson of Dundee Starter Packs, said: “I think it's amazing. We really weren't expecting it. It was a very hard group to judge. We're here so homeless people and the like can get on and start a new life without stigma. What we do is a hand-up, not a hand-out.”
Craig Morgan will be awarded the U.S. Army's Outstanding Civilian Service Medal. The country star will be recognized for their dedication of entertaining the troops and their families around the world.
Morgan has made 15 overseas tours for the troops throughout their career while performing for more than 37,000 service members.  They are well known for their signature hits including "Bonfire," "Almost Home," and more.
The Outstanding Civilian Service Medal is one of the highest awards that the United States Department of the Army can bestow upon a civilian. Morgan served in the Army for nearly two decades and recently completed their tenth USO Tour while visiting seven countries.
Morgan will be honored during the United States Army (GLAC AUSA) annual Army Ball on June 23. It will take place at the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Huntington Beach and is one of California's largest public events.
Behind the NFL's sinking ratings: Have we reached 'peak football?' While Major League Baseball is enjoying one of the most exciting postseasons in its recent history, the National Football League is losing viewers. So low are this season's ratings that...
Why push for gun control has stalled Support for stricter gun laws hasn't jumped as fast or as far in recent weeks as many liberals had hoped and expected. If you're wondering why, maybe the reason is...
America: No more dreams of greatness I cannot remember a presidential campaign quite so dreary as the one through which we are currently suffering. Carl Sandburg is supposed to have remarked that every candidate should carry...
COLOGNE, Germany — Substitute Bobby Wood scored in the 87th minute to give the United States a 2-1 victory over World Cup champion Germany in a friendly on Wednesday. Wood...
ATM black box attacks soar in Europe
Europe saw a surge in the number of ATM black box attacks - where devices are attached to machines and command cash outs - in the first half of 2017.
There were 114 such attacks across 11 countries over the six months, more than 300% up on the 28 seen in H1 2016, according to the European Association for Secure Transactions (East), which estimates related losses of EUR1.5 million.
Overall, payment terminal related fraud attacks rose 10% to 11,934 incidents. This rise was mainly driven by an 88% increase in transaction reversal fraud but card skimming incidents fell 22% to 1,221 - the lowest number since at least 2004.
Losses due to payment terminal related fraud attacks were also down - 29% to EUR124 million, compared to EUR174 million in the first half of 2016.
Meanwhile, physical attacks on cash machines rose six per cent, to 1604 incidents, despite a small fall in the number of explosive hits. Related losses were down 55% to EUR12.2 million.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — A forensic team of faculty and students from the University of Indianapolis are heading to Texas for a unique opportunity.
They are traveling to Brooks County, Texas, to help remove bodies of buried migrants.
Dr. Krista Latham, a UIndy associate professor of biology and anthropology, has led a group to the area since 2013. The team is expected to remove bodies of hundreds of people who died while migrating from Latin America to the United States in the last decade.
In the past, Latham and students have assisted a team in Texas identify the bodies and notify family members of the deaths. The group hopes to reveal the names of more than 100 human remains on this trip.
It's a brand-new experience for five of the six students participating this year.
“This is not only a scientific mission but there also is a moral obligation to this work,” Latham said. “This has turned in to a human rights mission.”
The trip lasts 10 days.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
With no testing clause in the country's national standard it's like trying to catch speeders without a radar gun, says former inspector
Canada is likely experiencing the same kind of organic fraud detailed in a recent Washington Post investigative piece, says a former inspector.
The Post article outlined three cases where large shipments of conventional corn and soybeans were marketed as organic product upon arrival in the United States.
One of the cases involved 16 million kilograms of soybeans that began the trip from Ukraine as conventional product and somehow achieved a USDA Organic designation by the time it arrived in California via Turkey.
All three cases involved product that was originated in Ukraine or Romania and was routed through Turkey on the way to the United States. Most of the product was sold as organic feed.
Mischa Popoff, a former organic inspector who worked in both Canada and the U.S., said Canada is more vulnerable to fraud than its neighbour to the south because the U.S. national standard at least contains a clause for testing imported product.
“Canada doesn't even have a testing clause. You can search high and low and there's nothing in there,” said Popoff, who now lives in Texas.
“Whatever they did down here is going to be dead easy to do up there.”
Tia Loftsgard, executive director of the Canada Organic Trade Association, said Canada, like many other jurisdictions, has a process-based standard that uses due diligence every step of the way from the field to the grocery store shelf.
They said testing is expensive and an organic producer shouldn't be penalized by test results if their crops are unintentionally contaminated by pesticide spray drift from a nearby conventional farm.
Loftsgard said the Washington Post article has “caused a stir,” but they stressed that fraud is uncommon.
ADVERTISMENT
“We don't feel that this represents the norm. This is sort of a one-off item,” they said.
Loftsgard said Canada imports a lot of its organic food, but there are safeguards in place to ensure imported product meets the re-quirements of Canada's national standard.
Popoff said the one sure-fire way to uncover fraud is to test food for pesticide or GMO residue, but Canada's organic sector held out for years to get a national standard that did not include a testing clause.
“It's like a police officer trying to catch speeders without a radar gun,” they said.
“I mean, it's just unthinkable. It's laughable, in fact.”
They said the result is a standard that allows questionable product from places like China to enter the country, driving down organic prices and profits for Canadian farmers.
Consumers are also paying a price.
“Those people are doubling their grocery bill, assuming they're getting something organic, whatever that means, and they're not,” said Popoff.
However, testing isn't foolproof. The Washington Post article ex-posed some of the questionable testing practices used on imported product from China.
ADVERTISMENT
Inspection agencies that provide USDA Organic certification for imported product are required to test samples provided by five percent of their clients in foreign markets such as China.
The Post examined test results from three of the most active USDA approved inspection agencies working in China.
Ceres, a German company, found more than trace levels of pesticide residue on 37 percent of the 232 samples it tested from Chinese organic farms.
By contrast, Ecocert, a French inspection company, found residue on one percent of its 360 samples, which the Post said is a level of cleanliness that is remarkable for any country, let alone China.
“Critics say the disparity in results shows that certifying agencies can make any farm look organic,” stated the article.
The Post article has prompted Cornucopia Institute, a group that calls itself the organic industry's most aggressive watchdog, to renew its call to replace the management at the U.S. National Organic Program.
The institute said the agency has been ignoring improprieties in imports since it first started documenting them in 2009.
“Instead of taking action, the NOP sat back and watched domestic markets erode to the point where organic grain farmers could no longer make a living,” the institute said in a news release.
The Organic Trade Association is calling on the USDA to complete an immediate and thorough investigation on the alleged fraud.
ADVERTISMENT
“While the issues identified in the article do not constitute a systemic flaw in oversight of the organic claim, they raise serious red flags that need to be addressed,” the association said in a news release.
The 65 Roses who will compete for the Rose of Tralee later this year will be treated to the best of Kildare's culinary delights at the Taste of Kildare event in August.
Kildare is set to showcase its wonderful visitor attractions and the best that the county's great restaurants, food producers and suppliers have to offer at the K Club on Sunday, August 19.
At the same time the county will host Roses before they take part in the Festival and they will be staying in Glenroyal Hotel in Maynooth.
Among them will be Victoria Sexton, the Florida Rose and niece of Taste of Kildare food festival partners David and Susan Sexton, Kildare Farm Foods, Rathmuck.
"We will be especially delighted to welcome Victoria,” said Aine Mangan, CEO of Kildare Fáilte. “This is a wonderful opportunity to promote Kildare as a county to visit and spend some time exploring and enjoying a wealth of experiences.”
“Food is at the heart of Kildare's tourist offering and Kildare Fáilte looks forward to introducing the Roses to our amazing restaurants and wonderful artisan food producers and suppliers.”
Aine Mangan, CEO Kildare Fáilte and Mayor of Kildare, Martin Miley with Kildare Rose, Grainne Carr, Ardclough and current Rose of Tralee, Dr Jennifer Byrne
The reigning Rose of Tralee, Offaly Rose Dr Jennifer Byrne, and newly-selected Kildare Rose, Grainne Carr from Ardclough, joined Mayor of Kildare Cllr Martin Miley to announce details of this year's Kildare Rose of Tralee Tour Programme.
The Kildare Rose of Tralee Tour will commence with a welcome reception in Athy on Monday, August 14, before an Ernest Shackleton-themed outdoor adventure around the town, celebrating the county's great explorer. The following day, Tuesday, will see the Roses stopping off at Solas Bhride en-route to Kildare village.
The Roses will climb the Kildare Round Tower, the highest accessible round tower in Ireland, standing at just over 107 feet, where they will enjoy beautiful views and sample some St Brigid's Ale, as well as visiting the birthplace and statue of Arthur Guinness in Celbridge.
In an action-packed day, turf cutting and brown bread making is also on the agenda at Lullymore Heritage Park, one of the top family attractions in Ireland, as well as golf at the legendary K Club and racing at Mondello Park, Ireland's only international motorsport venue.
“We hope the Roses' experiences in Kildare will serve as a calling card for the county and that they will gather wonderful memories to share with friends and relations.”
For more information about this year's Kildare Rose of Tralee Tour, click here
What is climate change? Are humans causing it? What can we do to fix it? Find out the answers to all of these questions so you can then question them yourself in the...
A thorough introduction to the history of the gay and lesbian civil rights movements, this book chronicles the early struggles of LGBTQ individuals from the 1950s to present day using a compilation of enlightening interviews with politicians, military officials and members of the community.
2. "And the Band Played On" by Randy Shilts
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
Amelia's Ward man killed in accident
Thirty-eight year-old Amelia's Ward resident Sherwyn Hermanstein called ‘Bunsey' died on Tuesday night after they were struck down on the Winifred Gaskin Highway, in the vicinity of Pin Head Corner, Half Mile, Wismar.
According to police reports, around 22:45 hrs, motor car PSS 5865, owned by Linton Sharpe, and driven by Ian Alli, was proceeding north along the western side of the road when Hermanstein attempted to cross the road and was hit by the car.
They were picked up from the roadway by the driver and taken to the Linden Hospital Complex where they were pronounced dead on arrival.
Hermanstein's grief-stricken grandmother Cecelia Hermanstein said their grandson had left to carry something to their aunt and didn't return, so they thought they had slept the night out.
“I didn't know they dead till this (Wednesday) morning, because they didn't tell me. I wake up and see the door open, and I seh they must be slept out, because they live downstairs. Is nah till this morning that dem come tell me that they dead. They were to come back and feed de fowls.”
An aunt of the deceased, in tears, remembered their nephew as a jovial person.
“He had no children but they loved dem. They were very jovial. They would take their drinks and come home and sleep. They never are a bad person. They will be missed.”
The driver of the car is presently in police custody assisting with investigations. This is the second fatal accident within a week. The first claimed the life of Wilbert Sydney last Sunday on the Amelia's Ward Public Road.
With football season upon us. Everybody in the city is excited to see what the Bengals will do. To help you get into the mood, check out the “Bengals Anthem” by Cincinnati's own Mike Wade Feat Rdot Edot & JohnnyMuzik. Let us know if you like it!
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
US National Security Advisor Lieutenant-General H.R. McMaster arrived in Pakistan on Monday on an unannounced visit, a day after they hinted that Washington could take a tougher stance with Islamabad.
It was the first visit by a top member of President Donald Trump's administration to the militancy-hit country.
At their previous stop in neighbouring Afghanistan they suggested Washington may take a stronger line with Islamabad, for years seen as an unreliable US ally.
A statement by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's office said McMaster had “assured the Prime Minister that the new administration was committed to strengthening bilateral relations and working with Pakistan, to achieve peace and stability in Afghanistan and in the wider South Asian region.”
McMaster's visits are being closely watched for clues to the Trump administration's future course of action in the region.
US-led NATO troops have been at war in Afghanistan since 2001, after the ousting of the Taliban regime for refusing to hand over Osama bin Laden following the 9/11 attacks in the United States.
The US has around 8,400 troops in the country with about another 5,000 from NATO allies, as efforts to negotiate a lasting peace settlement between Kabul and the Taliban have repeatedly fallen through.
Afghanistan routinely accuses Pakistan of providing safe haven to the Afghan Taliban.
“As all of us have hoped for many, many years, we have hoped that Pakistani leaders will understand that it is in their interest to go after these groups less selectively than they have in the past and the best way to pursue their interest in Afghanistan and elsewhere is through diplomacy, not through the use of proxies that engage in violence,” McMaster said in an interview with Afghanistan's Tolo News Sunday.
The Pakistani statement added that McMaster's delegation included Lisa Curtis, whom US media have previously reported as their pick as senior director for South and Central Asia.
Curtis recently co-authored a paper calling on the US to stop treating Pakistan as an ally and instead “focus on diplomatically isolating” it if it continues supporting groups linked to international terror.
The US embassy said McMaster also met Pakistan's army chief General Qamar Javed Bajwa and other officials and described the meetings with Pakistani leaders as productive.
“General McMaster expressed appreciation for Pakistan's democratic and economic development, and stressed the need to confront terrorism in all its forms,” it said in a statement.
Last Thursday the US military in Afghanistan dropped its largest non-nuclear bomb in combat for the first time anywhere. The target was a Islamic State group hideout and officials said up to 95 militants were killed.
sjd-ia/sm
© Agence France-Presse
Mr. Barkalow, age 53, of Nashville, passed away Friday, Aug. 4, 2017 at Skyline Medical Center.
They were born Nov. 24, 1963 in Nashville to Ann Owens Barkalow and the late Bruce A. Barkalow and grew up in Mt. Juliet.
 They are survived by their children, Alexander (Ahjainene) and Tennessee; sister, Cheryl; brother, Scott (Tina); sister, Camille; nephews, Anthony and A.J.; niece, Julianne.
They had a fond love of their Grandma Owens and family.
With their brother, Scott, they played Little League baseball, was a Boy Scout in Troop 911 and studied karate. They were a 1982 graduate of Mt. Juliet High School and attended Trevecca Nazarene University. They were a longtime employee of CSX Railroad. They were a huge MMA fighting and University of Tennessee football fan, enjoyed the outdoors, bird watching and gardening.
They were a caring son, adored brother, thoughtful uncle and wonderful father to their children and a treasured friend.
Arrangements are by Sellars Funeral Home at Mt. Juliet at 2229 N. Mt. Juliet Road, 615-758-5459, sellarsfuneralservices.com.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio – The Wright State men's basketball team bounced back from a loss at Cleveland State Thursday night to pick up a big win 83-57 at Youngstown State Saturday night behind the efforts of four Raiders scoring in double figures.
Cole Gentry led the way with 21 points with three threes and Jaylon Hall hit four field goals and seven free throws for 16 points. Youngstown native Mark Hughes had five threes for 15 points in their homecoming and first-year student Loudon Love came one rebound from another double-double with 14 points and nine boards.
Wright State is now 18-7, 10-2 while the Penguins drop to 6-19, 4-8.
GAME SUMMARY
First Half Highlights
The Penguins owned the first four minutes as they jumped to a 9-2 lead.
The final 15 minutes belonged to the Raiders as they outscored YSU 38-16 for the remainder of the half, including 24-6 after the 9-2 lead.
WSU led 40-25 at the buzzer.
The Raiders shot 52% from the field, connecting on 15 of 29 shots with four threes made.
Wright State won the first half boards 20-15.
Love had 10 points and five rebounds with seven points for Jaylon Hall and Cole Gentry.
Grant Benzinger and Mark Hughes each added six points.
Second Half Highlights
Gentry collected 14 points in the second half, and Mark Hughes hit three threes for nine points. Hall also had nine points.
The Raiders shot 64% from the field and 50% from three-point range.
YSU was held to just 28% in the final 20 minutes.
The Penguins came within 14 points midway through the half, but the Raiders answered with strong defense.
FACTS AND FIGURES
Tye Wilburn played a pivotal role with four points, five assists and two steals in 15 minutes off the bench.
Parker Ernsthausen had seven points, and Grant Benzinger finished with six points and nine rebounds.
The Raiders shot 56.9% from the field, the highest since shooting 64.8% against Ohio Valley.
WSU's bench outscored YSU's bench 20-12, and the Raiders were effective in the paint 34-30.
POST-GAME REACTION
“Obviously, I am proud the way they responded to the loss but either way I am proud that they give everything they got, and we were really good defensively tonight especially against these guys. After the first four minutes, we came on strong and played well.”
–WSU head coach Scott Nagy
“Coach just says be aggressive but patient, and the baskets will come.”
–Tye Wilburn
NEXT UP
The Raiders come home where they will play four of the final six regular-season games, including the next four.
First up is a 7:30 game against Green Bay Thursday night, the Milwaukee comes to town for a 7 pm game Saturday.
Milwaukee (13-13, 6-7) defeated Green Bay (10-16, 5-8) Saturday afternoon 76-58.
SAN ANTONIO — Authorities say an armed man who ran from security at a hotel in downtown San Antonio and tried to force their way into a room has been shot and killed by officers who confronted him.
Police Chief William McManus says hotel personnel became suspicious as the man wandered the lobby early Tuesday.
McManus says they fled to upper floors, attempted to enter one room and was confronted by two officers on the seventh floor.
The situation escalated and the officers fired, killing the unidentified suspect. It's not clear what prompted police to shoot.
McManus says the suspect was not a hotel guest and appeared to be a labourer based on the clothes they were wearing.
The incident drew a heavy police presence downtown, with some blocks closed to traffic.
A Philadelphia reporter just experienced first-hand what it is like to commit career suicide in front of a live audience.
On Sunday, Colleen Campbell was at the Helium Comedy Club when they were asked to leave. New York City comic Wil Sylvince, who was also at the venue at the time, said Campbell was being loud and disruptive.
Sylvince managed to capture the 28-year-old on video outside the venue as they went on a violent rant against a security guard and a police officer who were simply asking them to go home. On their way out of the venue, Campbell allegedly “assaulted (kicking, punching, and eye poking) 3 of the employees in the bar area right outside the showroom.” Campbell also reportedly yelled, shoved, and even pretend to spit at the security guard before they were ultimately handcuffed and arrested.
“You're arresting a girl for no f***ing reason,” they yelled in the officer's face. “If I had my tits out and my ass hanging out you wouldn't arrest me right?”
Campbell graduated from Temple University in 2016 with a B.A. in broadcast journalism.
“I work at a f**king news station mother*cker,” they said. “I work at PHL 17.”
PHL-TV has since scrubbed Campbell's biography from their website, along with most of their videos and articles. Them personal social media accounts have also been deleted.
A 49-year-old man who bit their partner's ear while they were in bed will be sentenced next month at Craigavon Magistrates Court.
Brian McKay, Churchill Park, Portadown, admitted unlawfully assaulting a female occasioning their actual bodily harm on July 31 last year.
The court heard that at 11.52pm the injured party had their right ear bitten by the defendant at their home address. They had been in bed when they rolled over and bit them There was blood on the sheet.
The case was adjourned until May 18th.
'This time is different': BofE's Hauser hails fintech revolution
Fintech is more than just a buzzword, it is a revolution that will have profound implication for the financial services industry, according to Bank of England executive Andrew Hauser.
Technology may have always helped to drive change in the financial sector, from the telegraph to the ATM, but with fintech "this time is different" says Hauser in a speech to startup firms.
This is because firms have come under unprecedented pressure to slash costs since the financial crisis, while technology has made it far easier for new entrants to make a splash, consumers are demanding digital services, and authorities are pushing for competition.
"These are strong and persistent forces. The resulting technological change and innovation, though uncertain in timing, will have profound implications for the nature and range of financial services available to households and firms," Hauser told their audience.
With this in mind, last year, the BofE set up an accelerator to work on proof of concepts with startups in areas such as DLT, regtech and cybersecurity.
So far nine PoCs with 10 firms have been carried out, with Hauser revealing details of another four: with DLT outfit Chain on privacy on a shared ledger; NTT Data and Reportix on storing and organising the bank's regulatory and analytical data; with Mindbridge Analytics on detecting anomalies in anonymised regulatory data sets; and Digital Reasoning on using weakly-structured textual data from public sources to gain insight on firms.
Hauser says the accelerator has enabled the BofE to make "valuable connections with important parts of the financial and technology sector beyond the regulatory perimeter" and also "exposed central bankers to some very different ways of working and thinking: more agile, more willing to experiment, less bound by convention".
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
Talented youngster Matthew Woodhall, of Sutton Swimming Club, clocked a personal-best (PB) time and finished a respectable fifth when competing at the Swim England National Open Water Festival.
Matthew, who qualified by winning the Midland Open Water Championships, competed aginst 37 other boys from all four corners of the UK in the 1500m race for their age group at Rother Valley Country Park, near Sheffield. But they knocked a stunning one minute, 42 seconds off their previous PB and delighted their proud coaches, Lee Bunker, from the Sutton club, and Pauline Gourley, from the Nottinghamshire Nova B county squad. Matthew has won the Nottinghamshire county age group title for the past four years, but open water swimming is a discipline that requires different skills to succeed.
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) says the commission will deploy about 6,000 smartcard readers for Anambra State polls.
The Chairman of the commission, Mahmood Yakubu who stated this last Wenesday said the commission was ready for the Anambra State governorship election which comes up next month.
Yakubu said the commission would not be threatened by the legal obstacles it was facing in the process of recalling the Kogi-West lawmaker, Senator Dino Melaye, adding that constituents had the right to recall anybody they wanted to in a democracy.
The INEC boss warned politicians seeking to run in 2018 and 2019 to stop campaigning as this was in contravention of the Electoral Act.
Yakubu, also disclosed that the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission was already probing the commission's officials in 20 states over alleged electoral fraud.
They said the prosecution and probe of 205 of its officials for allegedly receiving part of the N23bn reportedly disbursed by a former Minister of Petroleum Resources, Diezani-Alison Madueke.
The INEC boss said they would continue to cooperate with the EFCC, stating that the last report given to them by the EFCC involved 16 states.
According to him, ‘'the EFCC was already probing INEC officials in 20 other states
”I want to say that this is the first time in the history of our elections that in one fell swoop, 205 officials were disciplined based on the interim report we received from the EFCC covering 16 states.
“Under the terms and conditions of service what we can do is to interdict them which means placing them on half salary and suspending them from work until their innocence or guilt is established'', they said.
He, however, said after receiving the report from EFCC, the commission had a discussion with the crime commission and told them that for the outstanding 20 states, they should not submit any interim report to INEC but just prosecute them.
“Once they are taken to court, we activate the provisions of the terms and conditions of service. Whatever we need to do we will do even if it means getting rid of everybody in the commission and recruiting afresh for the purpose of the 2019 elections. We are committed to doing so'', they said.
ROCKFORD
RU hosts business luncheon June 29
“The Economic Value of Cross-Sector Collaboration,” Rockford University's ninth annual Business Luncheon, will be Thursday, June 29, in the Burpee Student Center's Regents Hall.
The health of our community's economy is directly linked to residents' ability to thrive, and there is growing understanding that the complex nature of social issues facing our communities requires innovative approaches that draw on the strengths and influences of all sectors. Join us to learn how the partnership between for-profit, nonprofit and government entities working through the lens of Collective Impact can accelerate social change and directly impact the economic vibrancy and resilience of our community.
Presenter Jen Keeling is director of Ecosystem Advancement at LRNG, a social enterprise focused on redesigning learning for the 21st century. Check-in and networking starts at 11:30 a.m. on June 29, with the luncheon and program to follow from 11:45 a.m. to 1 p.m.
Individual reservations are $45, or $350 for a table of eight. RSVP by June 22 online at rubl2017.eventbrite.com. Sponsorship opportunities are available; contact Denise Noe at 815-394-3756.
For more information about the event, contact Jennifer Smith at 815-394-4384 or jsmith@rockford.edu.
ROCKFORD
RPS free summer meals program starts this week
Rockford Public Schools will provide free weekday meals for kids 18 and younger June 12-July 11. Children don't have to be RPS 205 students to receive a meal.
RPS 205 will offer meals at the following sites: Lewis Lemon, Ellis, Eisenhower, Gregory, Kennedy/Wilson ASPIRE, Roosevelt, Summerdale, Thompson, Swan Hillman and First Lutheran Church .
For more information, call the Nutrition Services Department: 815-966-3033.
ROCKFORD
Two Auburn grads named National Merit Scholars
Two 2017 Auburn High School graduates were named winners of the National Merit Scholarship financed by U.S. colleges and universities.
Paul White and Shanida Younvanich were chosen as National Merit Scholars; officials of each sponsor college selected their scholarship winners from the finalists in the 2017 National Merit Scholarship Program who plan to attend their institution. Winners were announced today.
White will receive the National Merit University of Oklahoma Scholarship; they plan to study chemical engineering. Younvanich will receive the National Merit Northwestern University Scholarship; they plan to study corporate finance. Both graduated from the Gifted Academy at Auburn.
These awards provide between $500 and $2,000 annually for up to four years of undergraduate study at the institution financing the scholarship. An additional group of National Merit Scholars will be announced in July, bringing the total number of college-sponsored Merit Scholarship recipients in the 2017 competition to approximately 4,000. Fellow Auburn Academy graduate Monay Zayed was named a National Merit Scholarship Corporation winner in May.
Five Auburn students were named National Merit semifinalists in September, and they all advanced as finalists in February: William Jiang, Cassandra Shriver, Paul White, Shanida Younvanich and Monay Zayed. They are among approximately 16,000 semifinalists across the country competing for scholarships in the 2017 National Merit Scholarship Program.
ROCKFORD
‘Strong Neighborhood' block parties are back
The Rockford Police Department and United Way of Rock River Valley once again partner together to offer a summer series of Strong Neighborhoods Days block parties.
The block parties, which provide informal opportunities for residents to meet and engage with district police officers and their neighbors, occur on Wednesdays from noon-2 p.m. at the following locations:
June 16, 2016 – Irving Strong Neighborhoods House (312 Irving Ave.)
June 23, 2016 – 8th Avenue Strong Neighborhoods House (908 8th Ave.)
June 30, 2016 – Cameron Ave. & Idlewood Terrace
July 7, 2016 – Creek View Rd. & E. Lawn Dr.
Block party activities include giveaways, bomb robot demonstrations, and tours of the Rockford Police mobile command center and Strong Neighborhoods Houses. United Way will provide food, catered by Zina Horton from local favorite, Zammuto's, and will also distribute free t-shirts to attendees.
–Winnebago County News Briefs–
Port Mourant Training Center 1 win Aswell Mohabir Volleyball Competition in Berbice – Corriverton Jets win female title
The Port Mourant Training Center (PMTC 1) One team defeated their Port Mourant Training Center (PMTC 2) Two counterparts to take the annual Aswell Mohabir inter club Volleyball tournament which was played recently at the Blairmont Community Center, West Bank Berbice. The tournament, which was organised by the Berbice Volleyball Association (BVA), saw six male teams and two females teams participated in the day's competition.
Apart from the two finalists the other male teams that participated were Port Mourant Jaguars, Blairmont Vikings, Corriverton Jets and Guysuco Training Center/ Port Mourant (GTCPM) teams. On the distaff side the participants were Corriverton Jets and Port Mourant Females.
In the male final, GTCPM1 defeated PMTC 2 by a 2-0 margin 25 – 22, 25- 19. Although the result was 2-0 the games were keenly contested with a number of spectacular plays. Port Mourant Jaguars edged past the Blairmont Vikings to cop the 3rd place trophy, while GTCPM and Corriverton Jets were eliminated in the first from their respective zones.
Two female teams Corriverton Jets and Port Mourant Females participated in an all fours match which was delayed due to heavy rain with the Jets winning 30 to 28 in another close encounter.
In the presentation ceremony that followed the first place trophy was presented to PMTC1, while PMTC 2 collected theirs for finishing second. Among the individual awards, national player Devendra Latchman continues their hard work by copping awards for being the most valuable player and the best setter on show. Shemroy Ross was adjudged the best spiker on display, while Dayimon Al Ahamad received their award for being the best Libero.
On the female side the winning trophy went to the Jets, while the runner-up trophy was presented to Port Mourant females. Best spiker trophy went to Candacy Mentore of Port Mourant while the best setter went to Ameshia Mohabir of Jets and most valuable player award to Telissa Williams also of Jets.
Through a cooperative effort of Park Rapids Area Library, Pine Point School and Park Rapids Lakes Area Arts Council, Yazzie will perform twice on Thursday, Feb. 16.
Yazzie will appear at Pine Point School in Ponsford at 2 p.m. and at Armory Square in Park Rapids at 7 p.m. Each show will last between 45 minutes and an hour.
Tickets are free and are available at the Park Rapids Area Library, a branch of the Kitchigami Regional Library System.
Founder and artistic director of Native Pride Productions, Inc., they are an international lecturer, educator, performer, model, actor and recipient of the prestigious 2012 A.P. Anderson Award.
Yazzie performs through song and dance, incorporating movements passed down by their ancestors. They strive to educate and entertain audiences of all ages throughout the world about the beauty, skill and majesty of Native American music and dance. Based in Saint Paul, Yazzie performs locally, regionally, nationally, and internationally in numerous schools, universities, and festivals across the country and throughout the world.
The Native Pride Dancers' mission is to educate, inspire, motivate and empower diverse communities to bridge cultural gaps through indigenous traditions.
This program is inclusive for special education students, including the ASL.
This free Legacy Program is funded, in part or in whole, with money from the vote of the people of Minnesota on Nov. 4, 2008 which dedicated funding to preserve Minnesota's arts and cultural heritage. For the complete schedule of Legacy funded events at Kitchigami Libraries, visit the Kitchigami Regional Library website: www.krls.org and click on "Legacy Events."
Kathrine Herzer has been an actor since they were 10 years old, but their role as Allison McCord on the CBS hit political drama Madam Secretary changed their lives. While the California native had small roles in movies such as Mr. and Mrs. Smith and A Lot Like Love, their recurring role alongside stars such as Tea Leoni and Keith Carradine took their career to the next level.
“Madam Secretary is the best,” Herzer told CBS Local in a recent studio interview. “I got the part when I was a junior in high school and I would commute back and forth to New York when we started filming. It's the best group of people to work with and we have these amazing scripts that create this great energy.”
In addition to their work on Madam Secretary, Herzer is also a full time student at New York University. While their schedule has its challenges, the 20-year-old rising star wouldn't change anything.
“It's a lot to balance, but I wouldn't have it any other way,” Herzer said. “There's so much that I get from working and going to school at the same time.”
Season Four of the show will be a big one for the McCord family, as Allison is on their way to college. The new season, which premieres Sunday, October 8th at 10pm eastern on CBS, will feature a more mature and empowered Allison McCord.
“Allison is in such a crazy time in their life because they are going to college. She's venturing into their own world, but the McCord family is so close that it just means that they are all branching out into this new area. I think this bit of independence will give them a lot of power, its an exciting season for her.”
WOLVEGA, Netherlands (AP) — No! Absolutely no way! No one should be counting on a repeat performance. Not even the most optimistic Dutchman does.
Yes, count on the Dutch to dominate the oval at the Pyeongchang Olympics, but don't expect them to suffocate opposition like they did in Sochi four years ago, when they turned the Olympic hall into a swelling sea of their national color, orange, courtesy of a massive haul of 23 of 36 medals, including eight out of 12 golds.
It was dominance rarely seen in top class international sports. Think the USA ruling Olympic basketball, Jamaica the recent track sprints and China table tennis.
"There is only one goal and that is doing the best you can. The more, the better," Dutch skating technical director Arie Koops said in an interview in Friesland, the pond- and canal-ridden flatlands in the northern Netherlands which have produced countless champions.
Yet even they know that the endless nights in Sochi's Holland Heineken House celebrating the likes of Sven Kramer and Ireen Wust cannot be repeated every four years.
"It is really more realistic to talk about 15, or even less," they said.
History bears them out. The only other time the Netherlands broke into double digits over the past two decades was at the 1998 Nagano Games with 11.
OK, they said. "If it is less than 12, we underperform. We can say that."
In one sense though, it has become easier to haul in medals since the mass start event has been added to the program, bumping the total from 36 to 42.
And in an unexpected boon for the Dutch, the IOC's punishment for Russia's doping program has a direct and fundamental impact on the men's competition.
Look at the World Cup standings this year, and right on top sits Denis Yuskov with five gold medals already in the 1,000 and 1,500 meters. They have been ruled out of the Pyeongchang Games. Same goes for Pavel Kulizhnikov, who already won a World Cup 1,000 and is also a fearsome 500 sprinters.
Then again, some things are going against the Dutch this year.
They had four clean sweeps in Sochi in 10 possible events, including the women's 1,500 where the top four were Dutch. It almost turned into an embarrassment.
Four entries per event were whittled to three in some races this year and for the men's 10,000 and women's 5,000 only two per nation are allowed this time around. Gone is any mathematical chance for a sweep in the longest races on the track.
"It will directly influence our chances for the medals," said Koops.
And this time around, it looks like the opposition is in better shape, too. In the women's races going into the Olympics, the Japanese are definitely the No. 1 team, with Miho Takagi and Nao Kodaira topping the provisional World Cup standings and with the relay team adding one world record after another.
Canada and Norway also look in better shape.
And the United States especially will want to bounce back from a humiliating no-medal showing in Sochi. Heather Bergsma has already won a World Cup gold in the 1,000 this season and Brittany Bowe is starting to hit their stride. And count on Joey Mantia as a medal contender among the men.
While the Americans immediately settled into a rut in Sochi, U.S. coach Matt Kooreman saw how the Dutch rode a great early start when they swept the opening men's 5,000 meters.
"They got the momentum going there and you could see that confidence build throughout their team which turned them into the dominant force," Kooreman said.
Then again, they added, it is only natural. No country comes close to unleashing national passion for speedskating like the Dutch do.
While a Florida resident like Bowe needs to fly halfway across the continent to get to a big oval, an Amsterdammer can get to 16 of them, all lying within a few hours by train or car.
The Dutch have some 60 pro skaters and a half-dozen commercial teams. More importantly, said Koops, "when the temperature is below zero everybody is skating on canals and lakes." And that counts for far more than a million in the nation of 17 million.
Sometimes Kooreman thinks it is quite an achievement to just get close to the Dutch in the medal tables, let alone beat them.
"We are always all a little bit shocked with how well we actually do," said Kooreman.
Another thing also pleads in Dutch favor. The famed oompah band Kleintje Pils will also be on the sidelines of the oval to bring that special Dutch atmosphere to South Korea.
The Crown tackles the tricky topic of Prince Philip's rumoured affairs in season two.
Advertisement
It's a challenging subject to explore for the Netflix royal drama: the Queen and Prince Philip recently celebrated their 70th wedding anniversary. In public, their relationship is one of strength, a foundation stone for the royal family.
In season two, The Crown looks back on a period in history where their marriage may have been on less steady ground.
“He couldn't even look at another woman without the press saying that they were probably having an affair,” Ingrid Seward, royal biographer and author of My Husband and I: The Inside Story of 70 Years of the Royal Marriage, tells RadioTimes.com.
“There is absolutely no proof that they were unfaithful,” Seward says. “But I imagine they might have been.”
How did rumours of Philip's affairs begin?
The Crown season two begins on 16th February 1957, with the Queen in a fractious argument with their husband on board the Royal Yacht Britannia.
“I thought we might take this opportunity, without children, without distraction, to lay our cards on the table, and talk frankly for once about what needs to change to make this marriage work,” Elizabeth tells Philip in the drama.
How did it come to this?
Rumours of problems in the royal marriage began in 1956, as Prince Philip spent five months away from their wife and children travelling the seas aboard the Royal Yacht Britannia and opening the Olympic Games in Melbourne. Why was they spending so long away from their family?
As Prince Philip and their entourage held a beard-growing competition, hung out with penguins and visited Papua New Guinea and New Zealand, a crisis was brewing at home – because their Private Secretary's marriage was in trouble.
Philip's old friend and right-hand man Mike Parker's wife Eileen had filed for divorce in London and alleged that their husband had been unfaithful.
These rumours of infidelity opened the Duke of Edinburgh themselves up to criticism. It also raised the suggestion that, with Mike Parker at their side, Philip could be taking advantage of the royal tour and turning it into a glorified ‘lads' holiday'. Eventually, after they returned to London, Mike resigned from their post as the divorce case dragged on in full view of the newspapers and the public.
What did the Queen think? Seward speculates: “I think they were made aware that perhaps they were taking some liberties. After all, they had given them the Britannia. And I think perhaps they felt that their largesse in that area had been slightly compromised.”
Still, the Queen made a show of greeting them affectionately when they arrived in Portugal – even making sure the whole family surprised them by wearing fake beards in tribute to the facial hair he'd grown at sea.
Who was the woman in Prince Philip's photograph?
Another scene in the opening episode of The Crown sees the Queen discover a picture of another woman in Prince Philip's luggage before they set off on the Commonwealth Tour.
The woman in the photograph is Galina Ulanova, one of the greatest ballerinas of the 20th century – and in The Crown, we watch as the Queen tortures themselves by going to see Ulanova dance in a Bolshoi ballet.
A Russian dancer during the Second World War and then the Cold War, Ulanova only came to London at the age of 46 towards the end of their stage career. It was 1956, and excitement for their appearance reached fever pitch: the entire tour sold out in advance and eager fans slept all night in the streets of Covent Garden in hopes of a ticket.
The Queen, of course, was able to get hold of a ticket and apparently saw the Russian dancer perform as Giselle.
In reality, there doesn't seem to have been any suggestion of an affair between Prince Philip and Ulanova, although – seeing as London went Bolshoi crazy that year – it's perfectly possible they were an admirer from afar.
The dancer and actor whose name was actually linked with Philip's was Pat Kirkwood, although they were horrified by the rumours and always denied them. They and Philip had first met in 1948 when they visited their dressing room and took them out to dinner, sparking gossip and speculation (headlines included “The Prince and the Showgirl”). But this ‘affair' does not crop up in The Crown.
What was the Thursday Club?
Another of Prince Philip's regular haunts in The Crown, in real life the Thursday Club met for lunch each Thursday in a private room upstairs at Wheeler's restaurant in Old Compton Street, Soho – and was notorious for its wild parties.
Prince Philip and their friend Mike Parker were regular attendees, and other members included actors David Niven and Peter Ustinov, columnist Patrick Campbell, photographer Cecil Beaton, Lord Mountbatten, and a range of newspaper editors.
The Thursday Club soon became surrounded by rumours, and the ex-wife of Mike Parker Eileen spread the word that their husband and the Prince had been up to some serious mischief. In 1982 they published a book, Step Aside for Royalty, in which they claimed that the two men would slip out of Buckingham Palace and use the pseudonyms “Murgatroyd and Winterbottom” to go out on the town.
According to Parker's 2002 Telegraph obituary, they called these allegations “the biggest load of hogwash I've ever read in my life”.
However Seward, who interviewed Eileen before their death, begs to differ. “Oh yes, they had all these silly names, absolutely. Mike Parker said the book was a load of rubbish, but actually it wasn't,” they claim. “It might have been exaggerated, and there might have been things that she'd forgotten, but it wasn't completely fabricated. Definitely not.”
Was the Queen hurt by rumours of Philip's affairs?
There was a statement in 1957 from the Queen's spokesperson, who insisted: “It is quite untrue that there is any rift between the Queen and the Duke.” But was that the end of it?
“I think what people have to remember is that it was very different times and women were totally subservient – but of course the Queen wasn't, by dint of who they are,” Seward explains. “So there was already an element of them trying to make them feel better. They were very conscious of the fact that they had to walk two steps behind her, and I think as a result they were very forgiving of any of their little misdemeanours. You know, when they got drunk at the Thursday Club and when they came home late.
“She was forgiving of him, because they felt that he'd been emasculated by their position, and he's a very alpha male.”
It's also possible that the Queen simply ignored allegations surrounding their husband. “We don't know if they even acknowledged that he'd done anything wrong, because the Queen was very, very discreet and very buttoned up in those days – and they might not have even said anything,” Seward says.
“The Queen would turn a blind eye to it. They were confident in their love, and they sort of said, ‘Well men will be men.' That was their attitude. It doesn't mean they were not hurt, but they wouldn't show it. ”
And how about the flirting? Would the Queen have been upset if Philip was a little bit too familiar with Jackie Kennedy, as is depicted in The Crown during US president John F Kennedy's visit in 1961? Or if they admired a beautiful ballerina? Apparently not.
“Oh no, they were a terrible flirt. Oh definitely,” Seward says. “And the Queen really, really never minded that. I think they just so wanted Philip to be able to enjoy themselves a bit; if Philip was in a good mood everyone was in a good mood, because their bonhomie sort of spread, so if they wanted to flirt that was fine by them I don't think that worried them at all.”
They add, “Because they were so handsome and because they were a flirt and because they were such a good dancer and because they didn't give a damn, it just always looked like they were having affairs.”
Who was “The Naked Waiter”?
The final episode of The Crown is intriguingly titled “Mystery Man”. In it, we see Princess Margaret taunting the Queen by suggesting Prince Philip was “The Naked Waiter” at a notorious society party.
The drama shows an unknown man on a newspaper front page standing with their back to the camera.
“Would you like to know a rumour Tony and I heard?” Margaret asks their sister, ignoring their negative response. “Now, it is just a rumour, but you can't deny. There is a similarity. Look – you see? There's something of Philip in the shoulders.”
So where has this storyline come from?
One of Philip's companions at the Thursday Club was the society osteopath Stephen Ward. They were caught up in the Profumo Affair when they were revealed to be procuring women for a government minister, and it also came out that they liked to throw wild dinner parties at which “The Man in the Mask” or ” The Naked Waiter” served drinks wearing nothing but a skimpy apron.
Satirical magazine Private Eye took to referring to Prince Philip as “The Naked Waiter”, although there was never any evidence that it was them in the picture.
The Profumo scandal caused the downfall of both Profumo and Prime Minister Harold Macmillan. Ward was prosecuted for living on immoral earnings, but on the last day of their trial they overdosed and killed himself.
Investigations continued, but “The Naked Waiter” has never been convincingly identified.
Advertisement
The Crown season 2 is available on Netflix now
WTH? No way? Fake News? I kind threw up when I saw this. But , I guess it's true. Shocking, isn't it?
My mind is filled with all kind of images, not nice ones either...
Wakefield half-back Liam Finn has insisted they want to play on next year – and they are still hopeful it will be with Trinity.
The 34-year-old's contract expires with Wakefield at the end of this season, and they are yet to agree terms on a deal for 2019.
However, Finn insisted to League Express that they have no intention of hanging up their boots any time soon: and they remain optimistic there will be a part for them to play in 2019.
“I want to play on,” they said. “I'm not sure how thats going to go or what the club's plans are, but I've let them know where I stand and how I feel.
“To be fair to them, they've spoke to me about their plans going forward and I hope there is a role for me. It's down to me, Chezzy and Michael Carter to iron out whether I add any value to the squad. I'm sure we can agree to that.”
Finn returned to the Wakefield side on Friday night for their narrow defeat to league leaders St Helens – and they admit that in patches, Trinity were architects of their own downfall.
They said: “We gave ourselves a bit too much to do and while we were unfortunate to be so far behind at half-time, there were a couple of unlucky efforts for us.
“(Ben) Barba kicks the ball out of James Batchelor's hands and how that isn't punished, I don't know. We got some good ball but undid that good work by dropping the ball early – if you're coming to the league leaders, you cant afford to do that.”
Trinity now face Catalans in a game on Saturday which all-but seal their place in the top eight – and Finn is hopeful that the sooner Wakefield ensure they will not be in the Qualifiers, the sooner they can begin to express themselves.
They said: “It's human nature to look at what's coming up underneath you and everyone from sixth down to ten is looking around them. As much as you think it shouldn't, it does put you on edge and you can see it in the teams in there, they're playing edgy. The ones who've secured their place in the Super 8s, they're the ones who do express themselves.”
Follow government orders to stand, salute, sing…or you are fired and told to get out of the country! OK…I've embellished a bit…but that is actually what the President of American, the home of the brave and the land of the free, told everyone earlier this month. We've gotten so use to Trump's excesses, lies, distortions, inanities, contradictions, and flasehoods, that such things aren't even focused on these days. But they should be! We used to be proud to be citizens of a free country where civil protests of all kinds were respected, cherished and lawfully protected. That is no more the case. And the dangers of American-style fascism are greater than ever now on top of the war criminal nature of U.S. foreign “exceptionalism” responsible for so much killing and destruction for so long in so many places.
TRUMP: “You have to stand proudly for the national anthem. Or you shouldn't'd be playing, you shouldn't be there. Maybe you shouldn't be in the country!”
Advertisements
FBI paid Best Buy 'informants' to search customers' computers for kiddie porn The FBI has been bribing employees of Best Buy's Geek Squad to hack into computers for the past 10 years, according to a stunning new report that raises concerns over...
Best Buy shares up on better-than-expected sales Best Buy reported a better-than-expected sales jump on Thursday amid strong demand, less competition, and robust sales in the gaming category. The No.1 US consumer electronics retailer also benefited from...
Best Buy to give full-time workers $1,000 bonuses Best Buy Co., the nation's largest consumer electronics retailer, says it will be handing out bonuses to more than 100,000 employees, joining a list of companies sharing a portion of...
Best Buy shares tumble on weak holiday forecast Best Buy reported disappointing third-quarter results on Thursday and forecast holiday-quarter profit below Wall Street estimates as it cut prices to match those offered by rivals including Amazon. Shares of...
Best Buy shares tank despite strong quarterly sales Even the winners can't win in retail these days. Shares of Best Buy tanked 12 percent, to $55.02, on Tuesday despite the big-box chain's best quarterly sales since 2010. It...
Best Buy warns strong sales are not the 'new normal' Best Buy, the No. 1 US consumer electronics retailer, reported a much stronger than expected rise in quarterly same-store sales on Tuesday, but warned that the performance should not be...
Best Buy takes a hit after Amazon reveals its own 'Geek Squad' Shares of Best Buy were down 3.7 percent in pre-market trading on Monday in the wake of a report that Amazon is forming its own “Geek Squad” to support its...
Apple to let other shops use its fancy machine for iPhone repairs Got an iPhone with a cracked screen? Apple is rolling out a high-dollar remedy to a repair shop near you. The tech giant is making a fancy repair gadget called...
Best Buy shares surge 15 percent on strong sales, cost cuts Best Buy reported an unexpected rise in first-quarter comparable sales, and the No. 1 US electronics retailer said it planned to save $600 million in costs by the end of...
If you are curious about some of the new businesses popping up in Johnson City and you're ready to sip a little, walk a little, and learn a…
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – A Fargo man who was outed online as participating in the violent Charlottesville “Unite the Right” rally has been publicly renounced by their family, who called their worldview “vile, hateful and racist.”
Pete Tefft was identified over the weekend by the popular Twitter account @YesYoureRacist, after they were spotted in a video taken at a white nationalist and white supremacist rally in Virginia. The groups gathered in Charlottesville Saturday to protest the removal of a Confederate statue.
Tefft also uploaded a picture of themselves with the statue of Robert E. Lee to their social media profiles. On their Facebook page, they wrote that the “Alt-Right” rally was to “advocate for the rights of white people to exist and to protest the erasure of American culture.”
On Monday, Tefft's father posted a letter in the Fargo Forum newspaper, saying that the family rejects their son's worldview and actions, adding that they've been threatened because of their association with him.
“His hateful opinions are bringing hateful rhetoric to their siblings, cousins, nieces and nephews as well as their parents. Why must we be guilty by association?” Pearce Tefft wrote. “Again, none of their beliefs were learned at home. We do not, never have, and never will, accept their twisted worldview.”
The elder Tefft added that their son is no longer welcome at family events until they reject their current beliefs. They urged their son to renounce their hateful worldview and accept all people. “Then and only then will I lay out the feast,” Pearce Tefft wrote.
Violence erupted Saturday at the Charlottesville rally when the white supremacist groups were met by counter-protesters. The fighting turned deadly when a 20-year-old man rammed their car into a group of counter-protesters, injuring 19 and killing a 32-year-old woman.
Twenty-year-old James Alex Fields Jr., of Ohio, is facing charges of second-degree murder. Their mother told reporters they didn't know their son was going to a white supremacist rally in Virginia, adding they thought the gathering was about President Donald Trump.
Over the weekend, Trump blamed the violence on “many sides,” and faced criticism from both Democrats and Republicans for not explicitly condemning racist groups. On Monday, the president clarified that “racism is evil,” calling the KKK and Neo-Nazis “criminals and thugs.”
In their Facebook post about the events in Charlottesville, Pete Tefft blamed the local government for the violence that took place. They also speculated that Fields was Jewish and thereby unlikely to part of white supremacist groups. In the end, they concluded that the weekend was the start of the “White Civil Rights movement.”
In a statement to WDAY, another of Tefft's relatives denounced them as a “crazy Nazi.” Jacob Scott told the TV station that Tefft that gone down an “insane internet rabbit hold” and is a source of fear to their family.
“He scares us all,” Scott wrote, “we don't feel safe around him, and we don't know how they came to be this way.”
Has the world gone mad? Two teenage babysitters posted video as they placed a seven month old baby in a fridge while the mother was taking a shower. ...
Follow @insidefutbol
Gonzalo Higuain's brother and agent, Nicolas, has insisted that there are no talks about the striker moving to Chelsea taking place and the Argentine would love to play with Cristiano Ronaldo at Juventus.
The Italian champions have made an offer to sign Ronaldo from Real Madrid and are looking to take them to Turin this summer in what would be a transfer coup.
It has also been suggested that Higuain could head to Stamford Bridge to reinforce Chelsea's attacking options.
But Nicolas has rubbished claims that talks are taking place and says their brother wants to respect their contract at Juventus and would welcome the chance to rekindle their relationship with Ronaldo.
They told Sky Italia: "We are not in talks with Chelsea.
"He wants to respect their contract with Juventus.
"It would be great to see Higuain and Cristiano Ronaldo playing together again."
Higuain was amongst the goals for Juventus last season and notched up 23 in all competitions as the Bianconeri retained the Serie A title.
The Argentina international's contract with the Italian champions is due to run for a further three years, up until they are 33 years old.
Law enforcement held their first community outreach event of the summer in the Gardere area (Source: WAFB)
Law enforcement held their first community outreach event of the summer in the Gardere area (Source: WAFB)
Law enforcement held their first community outreach event of the summer in the Gardere area (Source: WAFB)
Law enforcement held their first community outreach event of the summer in the Gardere area (Source: WAFB)
Law enforcement hit the streets of Gardere Tuesday in ATVs, on foot, and on horseback Tuesday for the first community outreach event of the summer.
It's yet another opportunity to put a positive face on police and build relationships in the community, but Tuesday evening was special. The effort got back to its roots, canvassing a neighborhood where the concept first began more than a decade ago. East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff Sid Gautreaux says back then, Gardere was exploding with crime.
“We had more calls for service come out of this area than any other area that we serviced and a lot of it was violent crimes,” said Gautreaux. “We had shootings, we had homicides that were occurring, and we had a lot of robberies.”
They say things have improved since then and crime rates have d ropped. It's a success Gautreaux believes would not have been possible without the people who live there. “We can't provide the people what they want us to provide, what we should provide, or what we want to provide without their help,” said Gautreaux.
“Today has been a really fantastic day,” Murelle Harrison added.
The jambalaya, the conversations, and the time may seem small, but Harrison, who has led the charge in the area through the Gardere Initiative, says the investment truly makes the difference for community members who often feel isolated. “It's like they are marginalized and not a real part of the larger community and so today was just a good day to know you're important and we really care about you,” Harrison added.
Them group offers jobs, literacy programs, and other resources for youth in the community. When combined with a routine law enforcement presence, they believe it has transformed not just the crime, but also the community mindset.
“I've just seen all those changes since we've been here,” said Harrison.
The sheriff says while things have gotten better, more can be done. It's a goal they say they are not giving up on in Gardere or anywhere else in the parish.
“It's to be here every day as much as we can be and that's what we're trying to do,” Gautreaux said.
The group hopes events like this one will help them reverse the usual trend of increased crime during the summer months.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Vote For Minnesota's Best Hard Cider The air's getting crisp, every store has some form of pumpkin spice in stock, and fall is sweeping into Minnesota!
Guide To 2017 Labor Day Weekend Events In MinnesotaSporting and cultural events will mark the transition from summer to fall during the Labor Day weekend. Minnesota will feature some of the best entertainment productions. While baseball features prominently on many Labor Day weekend schedules, for other activities a weekend guide can be useful.
Jeffrey Loria sold their baseball team for about $1 billion more than they paid for it, so how can they be telling the county and the city they owe nothing from a 2008 profit-sharing deal requiring them to turn over 5 percent of any sale proceeds to the public?
A court may ultimately answer that question, with Miami-Dade Mayor Carlos Gimenez saying he's interested in suing to recover a public share of what they assume is the “hundreds of millions of dollars” that Loria put “in their pocket” after a $1.2 billion sale to Derek Jeter and partners last fall.
Loria's camp wasn't commenting Friday, but Gimenez's office released a summary prepared by the former owner's accountants and lawyers for Miami and Miami-Dade that details how Loria claimed a $141 million loss on the sale.
Miami-Dade was supposed to get 5% of profits. Per Loria'a accountant: Under the TERMS of the”deal” Loria takes a $141 million dollar “loss” on the Marlins for $1.2 Billion. And Loria will actually get the $50 million held in escrow for city & county. pic.twitter.com/YcF1LZckRQ — ｄａｖｉｄ ｓｕｔｔａ (@SuttaCBSMiami) February 2, 2018
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
The terms of the October sale are not a matter of public record, but the report by the New York office of the Proskauer Rose law firm confirms the broadest detail: Loria sold the Marlins for $1.2 billion. Loria's claimed paper loss comes from the terms embedded within the original 2009 deal between the Marlins and Miami-Dade that had the county borrow nearly $400 million for the stadium's construction costs. The team paid about $120 million, and Miami put up $100 million to build the parking garages.
Part of the 2009 agreement required Loria to share 5 percent of the profits from a sale with the county and the city, with Miami-Dade entitled to almost all of the government payout. But the deal included a string of deductions to calculate that profit, and Loria for the first time this week confirmed they don't intend to pay anything in the deal.
That's not to say Loria didn't make a profit after buying the Marlins from then-owner John Henry for $159 million in 2002. The document delivered to Miami-Dade shows Loria deducted from their proceeds a $30 million fee paid to a financial firm representing them since at least 2000. That is firm, Tallwood Associates, based in New York City, had its own profit-sharing deal entitling it to a 5 percent share of the proceeds if Loria ever sold the team, according to the documents received by Miami-Dade this week.
$0 — Mike Hernández (@HernandezMA5) February 2, 2018
The rules behind Tallwood's profit-sharing deal were apparently much more generous than Miami-Dade's, since Loria reported paying the firm $30 million out of the sale to Jeter's group. To earn $30 million on a 5 percent commission, the calculated profits under Tallwood's agreement would have had to be about $600 million.
That Tallwood received $30 million from the sale and Miami-Dade could receive nothing captures the dicey nature of profit-sharing agreements, said Jay Rosen, a mergers-and-acquisitions lawyer with Saul, Ewing, Arnstein and Lehr in Miami. They said sellers can negotiate favorable terms for “net profit,” which isn't a standard term but one that changes with each deal.
“You can't really tinker with gross profit,” Rosen said. “But with net profit, it's gross profit minus — and it could be almost anything under the sun.”
“Ultimately,” they said, “the devil is in the details of the contract.”
Looks like Loria's financial firm had its own profit-sharing deal and collected $29M from sale, which is 5% of the Loria group's profits as calculated under a far better deal that Miami-Dade's. pic.twitter.com/KqU5tbhwb6 — Doug Hanks (@doug_hanks) February 2, 2018
The 2008 deal allowed Miami to score its first-ever Major League Baseball stadium and permitted the Marlins to move from a shared space with the Miami Dolphins into its own, county-owned ballpark with a retractable roof and air conditioning. Part of the agreement was designed to punish Loria if they used the new stadium to flip the team, with them having to share some profits with the governments who built the ballpark and surrounding garages. An earlier county analysis of the agreement said Miami-Dade would receive 85 percent of any payout (4.2 percent of the proceeds) and Miami would get 15 percent (less than 1 percent of the proceeds).
Friday's long-awaited delivery of Loria's verdict on profit-sharing revived a favorite political punching bag that had faded from attention with the arrival of Jeter and their own unpopular front-office moves, including slashing payroll and dismissing popular players.
Gimenez rose to political prominence in part thanks to their opposition to the 2009 stadium deal, which helped spark the recall of the mayor in office at the time, Carlos Alvarez.
The document itself served as a flashback to a time when local politics was divided by who supported the Marlins deal and who didn't: The cover letter from Loria's lawyers that included the profit-sharing explanation was addressed to George Burgess, Alvarez's county manager and architect of the stadium deal. Burgess quit shortly before Gimenez took office in 2011.
With another fight over tax dollars potentially on the horizon with Loria, a new generation of politicians can be part of the backlash. Francis Suarez, Miami's recently elected mayor, issued a statement denouncing the “latest development in the Loria/Marlins saga.”
“It is difficult for me to believe that a team that was sold for $1.2 billion and had a publicly financed stadium did not make any profits from the sale,” Suarez said. They said that he, like Gimenez, would have government auditors review Loria's submission for a potential challenge. In a nod to Jeter's embrace by local elected leaders, they added: “Although this is not a reflection of the team's current ownership, we must close this chapter of the Marlins' history.”
The 2009 profit-sharing agreement ran roughly 10 years, and reduced Loria's required share as the years went by. They could have avoided the agreement altogether if they had waited to sell the team after March 2018, when that portion of the agreement expired. Gimenez, who opposed the stadium deal as a county commissioner and effectively boycotted Marlins games since becoming mayor, said the fact that Loria pursued a sale last year was a clue they had no intention of sharing any profits.
“I always felt it was kind of funny even though there was that 5 percent clause in the contract,” Gimenez said Friday. “There's a track record here. … Why wouldn't they wait, unless they felt they already had significant deductions not to pay the city or the county?”
The biggest deduction allowed under the county deal is the original value of the team. The contract valued the franchise at $250 million in 2008, and allowed Loria to increase that starting value by 8 percent each year.
From there claimed deductions pile up: $35 million in contributions to the business from Loria and any undisclosed partners in the old Marlins ownership group, another $280 million in debt, and about $21 million in discounts given to Jeter and partners at the sale. The Proskauer report said the franchise went into the October sale worth about $939 million.
That still left about $190 million in profits — enough for Miami-Dade to earn $8 million. But the 2008 contract also allows Loria to deduct capital-gains tax on the sale — essentially the income tax owed for a seller's windfall profit. That tax bill was reported at $297 million for “partners.” (Though the language suggests more than one owner sold the team, it's not clear whether Loria owned the team outright or had investors.)
The windfall may not be over, either. A major deduction for Loria was $50 million they agreed to set aside under the terms negotiated with the Jeter group to cover other costs associated with the transaction. It's not known if that contingency included a potential payout to Miami and Miami-Dade, or whether that provision would shield the Jeter group from exposure to a profit-sharing dispute. (Gimenez said Friday they aren't sure whom Miami-Dade might take to court, but Marlins representatives have said in the past that the new ownership has nothing to do with the profit-sharing agreement that Loria signed. The team declined to comment Friday.)
Miami and Miami-Dade have 30 days to protest Loria's profit estimates. The Jeter group has until October to make a claim on the $50 million sheltered by an escrow account, which will got to Loria if the new owners don't press any successful claims on the money. Can the county have a share of that if Loria gets it? Apparently not. The Jan. 31 report from Loria lawyer Wayne Katz noted of the Loria ownership entity: “Even if the partnership received all of the Escrow funds, the amount of net proceeds would still be $0.”
Even with no claims from Jeter, Loria wouldn't get all of the $50 million sitting in that escrow account. While their lawyers say Miami-Dade's profit-sharing deal wouldn't entitle taxpayers to any of the money, Loria's financial advisors should expect a significant bump above its $30 million payout. “The financial advisor fee would increase upon release of the Escrow funds to the partnership,” the report said.
This report was updated to correct an inaccurate description of the $50 million in sales proceeds set aside in an escrow account under an agreement with seller Jeffrey Loria and the new Miami Marlins owners. As described in the documents turned over to Miami-Dade this week, the $50 million is to cover potential additional costs related to the deal between the buyer and the seller.
(KHON) — James “Kimo” Akaka is an avid waterman who has overcome many obstacles.
But their latest challenge will require help from others.
Akaka had their boat stolen two weeks ago. It's specially designed for them because he's paralyzed on the left side of their body.
The boat was recovered Tuesday floating in the water, but it's been stripped and is practically useless.
For Akaka, the boat is so much more than just a recreational vessel.
They say they have loved being in the ocean since they were a little kid. Having a disability has not stopped them from doing that, but not having the boat has.
Akaka suffered a stroke in 2011. He's been partially paralyzed and not able to talk ever since.
It hasn't stopped theirs from doing the things they love, but seeing their boat in its current condition is heartbreaking.
They spoke with us by writing on their notepad. They say they left the boat locked up and in a trailer at a friend's house, and it was stolen overnight. They still had hope that it would be recovered intact.
“Why me?” Akaka wrote while in tears.
Akaka competed in the 32-mile Molokai to Oahu paddleboard race twice. He's also done the Waikiki Roughwater Swim.
On land, he's proven to be quite an inspiration also, riding 100 miles on a recumbent bike from Kona to Hilo on Hawaii island.
But it's the ocean where they are happiest, and the boat allows them to train so they can compete.
“It's designed with a low freeboard, the rounded sides with the tubes that come back. He's able to get help easily coming on board and off,” explained friend Bill Andrews.
“What does it feel like every time you're in the water?” KHON2 asked.
“Water is the only place I feel at peace and safe,” Akaka replied.
Andrews says Akaka has inspired so many others especially those with disabilities.
So for them to not be able to go in the water, “it's truly heartbreaking and it's taken away a huge part of their hope,” Andrews said.
Akaka's friends have set up a Go Fund Me page to help rebuild or replace the boat.
The Drexel University women's squash team came out strong Jan. 27 as they downed close competitor, No. 10 Dartmouth College, 6-3. The victory came as the team's third win in a row, and upped them to 5-6 for the season.
The game was an important one for the No. 9 Dragons, as they fought to prove their position in the team rankings. Strong play from the middle of the line-up was critical in securing the win on the day. Although sophomore Anna Hughes dropped a tight five-game match at the top spot, positions two through six quickly followed up with victories to put the Dragons solidly in the lead.
Seniors Hayley Hughes and Ryan Morgan swept their respective opponents at No. 2 and No. 3 to set the tone for the day. Freshman Hannah Blatt joined the action at No. 4 with a quick take-down of Brynn Bank in three games: 13-11, 11-6, 13-11.
A five-game battle at No. 5 saw first-year student Ona Prokes emerge with the Dragon's fourth win of the day: 13-11, 10-12, 7-11, 11-7, 14-12. Junior Fiona Power wasted no time in bringing it home for the team at No. 6 with a sweep of Julia Potter: 11-8, 11-9, 11-9.
Not done for the weekend, the women then lined up against No. 2 Harvard University Jan. 28. A tough day in Cambridge, Massachusetts, saw the team fall in a 0-9 sweep to the Crimson. This result took the Dragons to 5-7 on the season, while Harvard progressed to a perfect 7-0 record.
Despite spirited performances, the team could not cope with the firepower of the previously top-ranked team that are strong contenders for the national title this year. The Dragons returned to action at home Jan. 31 against No. 8 Cornell University.. Unfortunately, the Dragons fell 9-0 to Cornell, but will look ahead to their match against George Washington University Feb. 9.
The men's squash team also had a busy weekend, starting with a match against No. 7 Dartmouth in New Hampshire Jan. 27. Their three-game winning streak came to an end as they dropped the competition 8-1, and fell to 5-7 on the season.
The top of the ladder fought to take a lead, but ultimately couldn't outlast the Big Green. Playing at No. 1, sophomore Lucas Rousselet took the first two games but couldn't hold out as Alvin Heumann came back in the 7-11, 13-15, 11-6, 11-9, 11-8 win. Bransten Ming put in work to bring home the Dragons' only win of the day at No. 3 in five games over Matthew Giegerich.
The comeback fell short though, as No. 4 first-year student Dylan Kachur dropped a close-fought game against Toby Harding: 11-7, 11-9, 7-11, 4-11, 11-8. At No. 9, sophomore Mostafa Abouel Makarim managed to steal a game from opponent, Brian Giegerich, but ultimately fell in four games.
The team's second match of the weekend saw them come against a dominant No. 3 Harvard line-up. Playing away in Cambridge, the Dragons were caught in a 9-0 sweep by the Crimson Jan. 29, pulling them to 5-8 on the season.
A similar situation to the women, the Dragons had an uphill battle against the Harvard team that is set to compete for the national title this year. Battling injuries at the lower half of the line-up, the team only managed to secure two games in any of the matches on the day, despite incredible work ethic from the boys.
Ming fought to take the second game of their match against Sean Hughes at No. 3 but dropped a third-game tiebreak and then the match: 11-9, 9-11, 13-11, 11-8. Junior Joshua Hughes, playing at No. 6, similarly took their second game but fell in four games: 11-9, 5-11, 11-5, 11-7.
The men's team played No. 15 Cornell as well Jan. 31 at the Kline & Specter Squash Center and dominated in all matches 9-0 to secure the win.
The men and women will host George Washington University at the Kline & Specter Squash Center Feb. 9 at 5:30 p.m.
Dreamstime
The Super Bowl will take place between the Philadelphia Eagles and the New England Patriots at the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis on Sunday. Here are 10 facts about the big game, courtesy of Mental Floss (check out the full list at the link):
1. According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, Super Bowl Sunday is America's “second-largest food consumption day.” (Only Thanksgiving Day beats it.)
2. The priciest tickets to Super Bowl I, which was played on January 15, 1967, cost $12. Adjusted for inflation, that's the equivalent of about $89 today. And even at that bargain price, the event still didn't sell out. If you're thinking about buying tickets for this year's event, you'd better be prepared to shell out at least $3200 per ticket (at press time).
3. The Pittsburgh Steelers hold the record for most Super Bowl wins, having captured six Vince Lombardi Trophies. The San Francisco 49ers, Dallas Cowboys, and New England Patriots have each won five.
4. Which team has lost the most? That would be the Denver Broncos, who've dropped five Super Bowl matchups.
5. Back-to-back Super Bowl victories aren't as rare as you might think. The Packers, Dolphins, 49ers, Cowboys, Broncos, Patriots, and Steelers have all pulled off this feat. In fact, Pittsburgh has won back-to-back Super Bowls on two separate occasions.
6. Peyton Manning is the only starting quarterback to win a Super Bowl with two different teams: the Indianapolis Colts in 2007 and the Denver Broncos in 2016.
7. Phil Simms was paid $75,000 to shout “I'm going to Disney World” on the field moments after their Giants won Super Bowl XXI. Disney also paid Denver's John Elway the same amount of money to yell the same thing—just in case their team won.
8. Cleveland is the only current NFL city that has neither hosted a Super Bowl nor seen its own team, the Browns, make an appearance in one.
9. During the 1995-1996 season, some proxy servers blocked the Super Bowl website because it was Super Bowl XXX.
10. The Vince Lombardi Trophies—a new one of which is handed out every year—are made by Tiffany & Co. out of sterling silver.
Click here to read more!
Preparing security/collateral for bank loan: Domiciliation
By Emeka Anaeto
AT last we are delivering the last parts of this long series on how to prepare security/ collateral for business loan.
In this concluding part we are lumping three inter-related elements of security/ collateral, viz, Domiciliation, Assignment of contract proceeds and Assignment of Book Debts. This last part would however be treated in two sub-parts. We also note that our last week's discuss centered on a similar mode of security where cash is involved, and cash equivalent in this concluding part.
Domiciliation means the borrower pledged or mortgages their income or funds inflow in favour of the bank so as to ensure repayment of the loan secured by domiciliation.
In other words, the bank becomes the first reciepient/ beneficiary of the cash inflow from the domiciliated business.
This is a special type of security as it serves two purposes: first, it is a security on its own and it is also a source of repayment for the amount borrowed. To make this directive effective, borrower would be required to get whoever that is the source of the income to pay in favour of the bank up to the tune of the loan being secured or the outstanding.
In most cases the loan is for supply of goods or execution of a contract generally described as LOP (Local Purchase Order). So while the bank loan is used to procure the goods for the supply or execute the contract, to proceed from the supply/ contract is pledged and consequently paid directly to the bank. It is assumed that after the bank has collected the full amount covered by the loan agreement the balance is for the borrower as profit.
But beyond contracts/ LPOs a domiciliation loan agreement could be executed and is also applicable to salary where the bank usually ask the borrower's employer to sign an undertaking that the borrower's salary will continue to be forwarded to the bank unfailingly up to the amount borrowed otherwise a legal action could be taken against the employer. Apart from the salary, in the case of cessation of employment, benefits accruing to them will similarly be paid to the bank.
Now the importance of bringing this last aspect of domicilIation is to link it to the next similar element of security/ collateral for business loan which is Assignment of Contract Proceeds. Assignment of Contract Proceeds is similar to domiciliation but in the case of the former the loan repayment is strictly tied to the business it is funding.
We continue this strand next week…
The post Preparing security/collateral for bank loan: Domiciliation appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Crossing Church and Centre in Worksop will host a concert called Freundschaft on Saturday, June 2.
A musical celebration of friendship, the concert will feature Whitwell Brass Band and the Accordion Orchestra Pfungstadt 1936.
Doors open at 4pm for a 5pm start so come along and enjoy an afternoon in which different musical cultures will entertain and then combine for a grand finale.
For more information, call 01909 473375.
Our own Greg Hartman is on pilgrimage with Bishop Binzer and 134 people from the Archdiocese of Cincinnati, stopping at Marian shrines with the ultimate destination of Fatima for the 100th anniversary of the end of the apparitions there. Here is their Oct. 4 report from Fatima:
Today the pilgrims from the Archdiocese of Cincinnati spent their final full day in Fatima, Portugal.
The Archdiocesan prayer for vocations begins, “You have granted us for some definite purpose. Grant us the grace to know the path You have planned for us in this life and to repspond with a generous: Yes.”
Bishop Joseph R. Binzer presided at the 9:30 a.m. Mass for English speakers, concelebrating with priests from the States and Ireland. They spoke about saying yes, remembering when, as a child, their mother would give them chores, and sometimes they would procrastinate yet eventually say “yes” — and how pleasing that was to their mother.
The pilgrims on this journey have been called to that “yes.” In Fatima, three children — Lucia, Jacinta and Francisco — said yes in a place where their parents scorned them, friends ridiculed them, and civil authorities tried to silence them. Yet they said yes though perhaps the easiest thing would have been remaining silent. They kept on saying yes in a very dangerous time.
Today is the Feast of Saint Francis of Assisi. And 2,331 kilometers away in the Chapel of Apparition in Fatima, the archdiocesan pilgrims remembered how the Lord asked St. Francis to rebuild Their house, and they too said yes. Our pilgrims will come home, each taking away new wisdom from God never realized in the past. Though the task to rebuild our houses with faith, hope, and love may be daunting, these pilgrims now have armor from encountering St. Bernadette in that small village in Lourdes and the perseverance of those three children in Fatima: the message of devout prayer, of shedding the old self and putting on the new.
In 11 days the pilgrims have seen the grandeur of many cathedrals, the simple devout lives of saints, the beauty of God's creation in the countryside, and a witness to faith that at this point is hard to really comprehend. The world became pleasantly small on this pilgrimage, and perhaps the differences in many cultures, after all, weren't many.
In a few days, routine will once again envelop the lives on this journey. You have journeyed with us from home, taking care of the ordinary, while we experienced the extraordinary. In reality, you don't have to travel thousands of miles to encounter Christ, A simple walk, or short drive will bring you to a parish where perseverance and conversion takes place every day in the lives of everyone. We are all pilgrims on a journey to the ultimate encounter with Christ.
From the Pilgrims Prayer of Santiago de Compostela: “May all journeys keep us kind, patient, and good-humored with one another, and safe from danger and anxiety as we travel. Bless those who guide and minister to us on the way, surround with your care our loved ones at home.”
It's easy to choose our own path, and comfortable to be on our own path. In the movie “The Way,” a father loses their son, who went on pilgrimage to Europe. The dad and son were played by real life dad and son Martin Sheen and Emilio Estevez. While driving to the airport the fictional son in challenged their father with this statement: “We don't choose life dad, we live it.” The challenge has been given not only to the pilgrims on this journey, but to all who follow Christ. The challenge is to listen in prayer and discernment, and to say “yes.”
For many more photos and a running report on the pilgrimage, see our Facebook gallery page.
Image copyright Boris Llona Image caption This photograph captured an emotional moment for a nation in crisis - what's the story behind it?
An unidentified man embraces a distressed Catalan police officer, their arms propping them up against a metal fence.
This powerful photo captured a moment as images of police beating protesters spread on social media during Sunday's referendum vote in Catalonia - and it was taken by an 18-year old man on their phone.
Hundreds were injured, including 12 police officers, in clashes between voters and police in the semi-autonomous region when Spanish police were ordered to prevent a referendum on independence from going ahead. The vote had been declared illegal.
Caught between the two groups was the Catalan police force, whose chief of police, Josep Lluis Trapero, appeared before a judge in Madrid on Friday, accused of sedition against the state for failing to protect Spanish national police from protesters.
Computer science student Boris Llona was outside the polling station in their home town of Lleida, Western Catalonia, when they took a picture on their mobile phone that would become a symbol of the distressing divisions provoked by this crisis.
"There were about 35 Spanish police officers and two Mossos d'Esquadra, or Catalan police officers," Boris told the BBC.
Image copyright Boris Llona Image caption Boris Llona, 18, took the photograph on their mobile phone
"The Mossos had been ordered to assist Spanish police in preventing the voting, but when Spanish police started beating people, the two Mossos couldn't do anything to stop it."
Video taken outside the polling station shows confrontations between police and protesters as well as people trying to vote.
"People started shouting, "Mossos are our police, not you", referring to the Spanish police," Boris explained.
"I think the feeling of impotence distressed him, and so some neighbours started consoling him.
"I took the photo because I saw two emotions that strongly contrasted with each other.
"On one hand there was the anger and impotence they could do nothing to stop the barbarism, and on the other hand the emotional hug from a Catalan man, showing that we all are citizens with different tasks in society."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Tom Burridge on how the crisis in Spain is likely to unfold
Boris later met the man who they photographed hugging the police officer.
"They were not already friends. They were behaving like it was first time they saw each other," they explained.
The reaction to Boris's photograph has been huge. Within hours, it was shared more than 3,000 times on Twitter.
"I think that people liked the photo because of the emotion it shows - it's very significant to see a police officer crying because they felt powerless," suggested Boris.
By Georgina Rannard, UGC & Social news
Cofounder of cyber awareness company says cybersecurity is less about technology than it is about education. 'Use common sense.'
Arutz Sheva spoke with Guy Dagan, cofounder and partner of cyber awareness company Consienta, during today's cyber conference in Tel Aviv.
Dagan explained that most cyberattacks come about from “manipulation of the human the factor.”
“This is where we come in. We help you beef up security throughout the human factor. Changing the organizational culture of your company to be a secure one. Making each one of your employees an active cyber agent.”
Dagan emphasized that security against cyberattack is less about advanced technologies than it is about being educated about the dangers.
“Security is up to you. It's not about technology, it's about your education and understanding the rules of the cyber world, your awareness. The same attacks can attack you in your home and in your workplace.”
“Use your common sense. Learn the details of how to identify bogus sites and malicious emails, or other attacks. We teach you to first and foremost to rely on yourself before relying on technology,” Dagan said.
There are dozens of outlets where you can pick up a copy of the Weekend Leader; close to home, close to work, close to your leisure interests.
If you are not able to get out to collect a copy of the Weekend Leader, and would still like to continue to have the newspaper delivered to your door, please register your interest by contacting our distribution department on 01352 707745 or e-mail dave.hughes@nwn.co.uk
CH4 0
Broughton PO & Convenience, 15 Broughton Hall Road, Flintshire CH4 0QR
CH5 1
Asda Superstore, Aston Road, Queensferry CH5 1TP
Esso Queensferry, Queensferry Service Stn, Shotton CH5 1TD
Not Just A newsagent, 1 Chester Road West, Deeside CH5 1BX
Shotton Lane Stores, 64-66 Shotton Lane, Flintshire CH5 1QS
Spectra International (UK) Ltd, The Cross, Chester Road East, Queensferry CH5 1TD
CH5 2
Just Jo's Cafe, 38 Welsh Road, Garden City CH5 2RA
Makro, Ffordd Pentre, Chester Rd E, Queensferry CH5 2DA
Mancot News & Booze, 1 Ash Lane, Deeside CH5 2BR
Premier, 93 Phoenix Street, Deeside CH5 2PD
Spar (BP Garage), Parkway, Zone 2 CH5 2NY
Spar Stores, 35 Welsh Road, Deeside CH5 2HU
The Village Store, 4 Mancot Lane, Deeside CH5 2AH
United Co-op Store, Chester Road, Pentre CH5 2DT
Willow Park Site Office, Colliery Lane, Mancot CH5 2TT
CH5 3
Dobshill Filling Station, Dobshill Garage, Penymynydd CH5 3LZ
Ewloe Auctions Ltd, Holywell Road, Ewloe CH5 3BS
Ewloe Post Office, The Highway, Deeside CH5 3DN
Hawarden Post Office, Glynne Way, Deeside CH5 3DG
Level Stores, Level Road, Hawarden CH5 3JR
MNS Late Shop, Holywell Road, Deeside CH5 3BS
MNS Late Shop, Holywell Road, Ewloe CH5 3BS
CH5 4
Esso Garage, Church Street, Deeside CH5 4AS
G & R Newsagents, 294 High Street, Deeside CH5 4DP
McColls, Unit 4 -5, Connahs Quay CH5 4TS
Premier Express, 46 Mold Road, Buckley CH5 4QN
Quay News And Convenience, 62 Church Street, Flintshire CH5 4AQ
Quay Stores, 2 Thornfield Avenue, Deeside CH5 4HX
Spar Stores, 1 Golftyn Lane, Deeside CH5 4BH
CH6 5
BP Garage, Flint Service St, Flint CH6 5QG
Centrepoint, 57 Northop Road, Flint CH6 5LG
Church Street News, Church Street, Flint CH6 5AD
Coleshill Service Station, Holywell Road, Flint CH6 5RR
Jones Motor Service/Spar, Chester Road, Flintshire CH6 5DZ
Library, Church Street, Flint CH6 5AP
Paperclip, 48 Chester Street, Flintshire CH6 5DH
Pavillion, Earl Street, Flint CH6 5ER
Premier, 40 Church Street, Flintshire CH6 5DH
Sainsbury's Store, Unit M, Flintshire Retail Park, Flint CH6 5GB
Temptations, Flint Retail Park, Holywell Street CH6 5NS
The Old Court House Cafe, 34 Church St, Flint CH6 5AE
Boot End P O And Premier, Bagillt Road, Bagillt CH6 6JB
McColls, The Kings House, Bagillt CH6 6ED
Orion Filling Station, Alwen Drive, Bagillt CH6 6HD
Talbot Store, High Street, Flintshire CH6 6AP
CH7 1
Best One (MNS Late Shop), 11 Elm Drive, Mold CH7 1SF
British Heart Foundation, 8 Hight Street, Mold CH7 1AZ
Buy The Way Convenience Store, 83 Wrexham Street, Mold CH7 1HQ
Canolfan Daniel Owen Centre, Mold CH7 1AD
Coversure, 22 Wrexham Street, Mold CH7 1ES
Crystal's Fast Food, 83 High Street, Mold CH7 1BQ
Farm & Pet Place, Bromfield Lane, Mold CH7 1JL
Hawkeye, 14 Wrexham Street, Mold CH7 1ES
Infunty Soft Play Centre, Queens Lane, Mold CH7 1XB
Library, Earl Street, Mold CH7 1AP
Lucy May, 5 Daniel Owen Precinct, Mold CH7 1AP
Martins - Branch 962, 18 High Street, Mold CH7 1AZ
Mold Hospital, Ash Grove, Mold CH7 1XG
Oasis Dentist, 25 Chester Street, Mold CH7 1EG
P & A Garden Centre, Wrexham Road, Mold CH7 1XY
Roundabout Service Station, King Street, Mold CH7 1LB
Shell Service Station, Mold CH7 1XX
Taster Delicatessen, 28 Daniel Owen Precint, Mold CH7 1AP
Tesco Super Store, Ponterwyl, Mold CH7 1UB
The Big Fish, 10 Chester Street, Mold CH7 1EG
The Salvation Amy, Wrexham Street, Mold CH7 1ET
Ty^Bugs Soft Play Centre, Queens Lane, Mold CH7 1JR
Wylfa Service Station, Chester Road, Flintshire CH7 1UE
CH7 2
AM & PM Stores, The Newscentre, Buckley CH7 2JA
Spar (Tates) Buckley, 11 Brunswick Road, Flintshire CH7 2ED
Spar Stores, Mold Road, Buckley CH7 2NJ
CH7 3
Buckley Express, 20 Chester Road, Flintshire CH7 3AE
Leisure Centre, Mill Lane, Buckley CH7 3HT
Lesters Farm Shop, 76 Drury Lane, Buckley CH7 3DX
Wainwrights (Londis), Drury Lane, Flintshire CH7 3DU
CH7 4
Applegreen Petrol, Pontblyddyn Service St, Pontblyddyn CH7 4HL
Lifestyle Express, Ffordd y Llan, Treuddyn CH7 4LN
Village Shop, Village Shop, Llanarmon yn Ial CH7 4QF
CH7 5
Loggerheads Garage/Spar, Loggerheads, Flintshire CH7 5SA
Pantymwyn Post Office, Pantymwyn CH7 5EH
Rhydymwyn Service Station, Denbigh Road, Mold CH7 5HE
The Shop, Ffordd Y Llan, Mold CH7 5NW
CH7 6
Bryn yr Haul Care Home, New Brighton Road, Mold CH7 6QQ
Community Centre, Mercia Drive, Mynydd Isa CH7 6UH
Northop Post Office, High Street, Mold CH7 6BQ
Premier, 4 The Square, Mold CH7 6UY
Premier, Village Road, Mold CH7 6HS
Shell A55 (Westbound), A55 (Westbound), Northop CH7 6HB
Shell Garage, A55 Eastbound, Northop CH7 6HF
Spar/Post Office, London Road, Mold CH7 6EL
CH8 7
Best One , Holway Road, Holywell CH8 7NH
Co-op Garage, Holway Road, Holywell CH8 7LQ
Community Hospital, Halkyn Road, Holywell CH8 7TZ
Hillcrest Motor Co, Halkyn Road, Holywell CH8 7SJ
Leisure Centre , Fron Park Road, Holywell CH8 7UZ
MNS Late Shop, 8 High Street, Holywell CH8 7LX
Pen y Maes Store, 5-7 Bryn Y Gwynt, Holywell CH8 7BX
Premier Stores, New Shop Parade, Holywell CH8 7QS
Roberts Newsagents, 36 High Street, Flintshire CH8 7LH
Shell Treffynnon, Halkyn Road, Holywell CH8 7SG
Spar, Victoria Square, Holywell CH8 7TR
Tesco Superstore, Stand Walk, Holywell CH8 7AN
The Market Cross (Weatherspoon ), 7-11 High Street, Holywell CH8 7LA
CH8 8
Hawarden Post Office, Lixwm Road, Holywell CH8 8AD
Pentre Halkyn P.O., Pentre Halkyn CH8 8HP
The Crown , The Village Road, Lixwm CH8 8NQ
Pennant Stores, 63 - 65 Ffordd Pennant, Pennant CH8 9NX
The Post Office & Newsagents, Main Road, Holywell CH8 9SN
LL12 9
Caergwrle Filling Station/ AM PM, Mold Road, Wrexham LL12 9LN
Library Castell Alun School, Fagl Lane, Hope LL12 9PY
Lion Stores (Premier), Fagl Lane, Wrexham LL12 9PY
04/17/17 – 1:33 P.M.
The Annual Backyard Mission Trip is coming up this Saturday. Communications Officer Genna Freed said that they will serve breakfast then get to work in the community.
Genna Freed
Freed added that they scope out a project beforehand.
Genna Freed
Freed said that they are in need of more volunteers. They have around 400 volunteers at the moment but about 800. You can register online at findlayma.org or by emailing volunteerbmt@gmail.com. No training is required.
CIUDAD VICTORIA, Mexico (AP) — In a rare occurrence, two men found beaten and tied to a bridge in the Mexican border city of Reynosa turned out to be alive.
Reynosa and other border cities wracked by drug turf battles have seen the lifeless bodies of drug gang victims hung by their necks from bridges.
But this time, the bound men were tied to a bridge's railing Tuesday but apparently not by their necks. Accompanying the men was a banner signed by a reputed drug capo promising to catch common criminals and leave them for police.
An official with the Tamaulipas state prosecutors' office says the two men are being treated for their injuries. The official was not authorized to talk to the press and insisted on speaking on condition of anonymity.
What is everyone so worked up about?
The “Great American Eclipse,” a celestial event of singular majesty that will take place Monday, Aug. 21. And it's a big deal because it's a total eclipse, which for large swaths of America will blot out the sun, briefly create an artificial night and herald the beginning of the end of days. (Ha! Just kidding! Unless you're in Kentucky, then you're probably on board.) An eclipse hasn't crossed the continental United States since June 8, 1918, so people are getting really, really excited about this.
Why does this make people lose their minds?
The total eclipse has been called the most beautiful thing a person can ever see with human eyes, with the obvious and accepted exception of Salma Hayek. And it has been said that it'll be the “most photographed, most shared, most tweeted event in human history,” which is a little overboard. It's not like Ellen taking a picture with actors.
This sounds awesome, I can't wait to see it!
Oh, you can't look at it! Or, more accurately, you can look at it, if you want an eclipse to be the last image you ever sense with human eyes. If you have ever been 5, you know that looking at an eclipse will fry your retinas, spontaneously combust your corneas and end in permanent eye damage, and actually none of those are jokes, that will all really happen. Everybody knows you can't look at an eclipse, but people have to be exhaustingly reminded in the same way that companies have to “DO NOT EAT” on silica gel packets and “DO NOT JUMP” signs on boulders that protrude out over valleys in Yosemite. Here in America, we will eat our silica gel packets when we damn well please.
How long does it take for the sun to damage your eyes?
ONE SECOND. Think of it like this: Do you know how you usually can't look at the sun? Just pretend Monday is a day. This isn't rocket science. Well, actually it's pretty close to rocket science, but still don't look at the sun. Try not to stick your tongue in surge protectors either.
What will happen during the eclipse?
If you are in the Path of Totality, you will experience a celestial event like none other, something that is written about in the kind of ethereal, revelatory language usually reserved for things like “The Secret” or the really good James Patterson books. The Earth around you will be enveloped in a sudden falling darkness. The sun will be entirely covered by the blackness of the moon, which will make prominent the sun's majestic (and usually unseen) corona. Birds will cease chirping, but owls will begin hooting. Stars will come out. McDonald's will stop serving breakfasts. The motion sensor lights over your garage will lose their freaking minds. People will slam on their brakes in the middle of the highway to gawk. It's gonna be basically the purge for like two and a half minutes, which is actually not a lot of time for a very effective purge.
What if it's cloudy?
Basically, you're screwed, but at least you took the day off.
Where can I get special eclipse sunglasses?
Well, like me, you are super-late, so you either have to find them in stores or find an event/library/park/festival that is handing them out for free. To recap: If you are outside the Path of Totality DO NOT LOOK AT THE SUN, WHY DO WE HAVE TO KEEP TELLING YOU THIS? Or, you know what, look right at the sun, then you wouldn't be able to watch the news.
Where can I stay during the eclipse?
If you have yet to book accommodations, space remains available in the passenger side of your car, or the little bit of space behind you in the ditch to the left of the Perkin's. Because basically every hotel within 100 miles of the Totality Swath has been booked solid; the city of Hopkinsville, Ky., reports that they began receiving inquiries TEN YEARS AGO, in case you thought your mom planned their vacations early. Traffic, crowds and travel will likely be a waking nightmare, particularly on the highways leading to the small towns hosting festivals, viewing parties and NASA events. Basically, plan like you're about to drive into 30 Bonnaroos, and if it gets anywhere near totality time, be aware that people will very probably just stop their cars and/or pull over.
Where can I see the eclipse?
Happily, the partial version of the eclipse is viewable anywhere in America, because our exceptionalism is such that we have learned to bend the cosmos to our wishes and geography. But the full eclipse — the crucial Path of Totality — cuts a 70-mile-wide swath across the country that ranges from Lincoln Beach, Ore., to Charleston, S.C. If you are within this path, you will experience up to two-plus minutes of experiencing sheer, pure, unadulterated galactic wonder, until it ends two minutes later and you find yourself stuck for hours in a hideous traffic jam in Kentucky. Happily, you're almost certainly near a Waffle House.
WATCH: THE LOOP VIDEOS
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
The mayor of Flint, Michigan, still enduring a polluted-water crisis, sent a letter of solidarity to the mayor of hurricane-battered San Juan, Puerto Rico, this week in which they commiserated over their treatment by the government and bashed President Donald Trump.
"I am utterly disappointed and outraged by the lack of active engagement and support from this administration during the recent visit," Flint Mayor Karen Weaver wrote to San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz on Wednesday.
Weaver said they felt a "special sisterhood" with Yulin Cruz because both women felt forced to publicly challenge the federal government to do more to help their communities.
San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz speaks to the media, Sept. 29, 2017 from Puerto Rico. Reuters
Weaver was elected in 2015 on a promise to solve their city's water crisis, which dates to 2013, when the city started drawing improperly treated drinking water from the Flint River. After denials from government officials, it was revealed that the new system was leaching lead. The city still uses bottled water and filters as it replaces thousands of tainted service lines, Weaver said.
Related: Trump Throws Paper Towels to Hurricane Victims in Puerto Rico
Yulin Cruz became the voice of Puerto Rico's crisis last week, when they made an impassioned call for government help days after Hurricane Maria tore apart the island. They criticized dismissive remarks by the head of the Department of Homeland Security and stoked an angry response from Trump, who criticized them for "poor leadership ability" and said they and other leaders "want everything to be done for them."
Flint Mayor Karen Weaver. Gabriella Demczuk / Getty Images file
They and Trump met briefly during the president's visit to Puerto Rico on Tuesday, when Trump said Puerto Rico, bankrupt before the storm, had thrown the federal budget "out of whack."
"President Trump's phrase, 'They want everything to be done for them,' broke my heart, and the hearts of many Americans," Weaver wrote.
They added: "The people need a voice, and as elected officials, we are the voice of the people that we took an oath to serve. I commend you for shouting, screaming, yelling if necessary to get the response the people of San Juan deserve. It is our duty to our citizens. It is our families, our friends, and our neighbors, we are serving."
WEST LAFAYETTE – While power forward Caleb Swanigan grabs the majority of the attention with their 22 double-doubles during what has become a special sophomore season, No. 16 Purdue is at its best when 7-foot-2 junior center Isaac Haas is almost as – or even more – productive.
Haas had 24 points and 11 rebounds Tuesday night, and Swanigan added 12 points and 17 rebounds in the Boilermakers' 74-55 victory over Rutgers.
Purdue (21-5, 10-3 Big Ten) led 45-39 with just over 12:30 remaining, but from the 11:15 mark until they left the game with 2:20 to play, Haas scored 16 points, and the Boilermakers pulled away for their fourth consecutive victory.
“I just kind of got into a rhythm,” said Haas, who scored a season-high 26 points in a Nov. 22 victory over Utah State in Mexico.
“I was really trying to focus on rebounding, doing what I need to do for the team to win and accepting my role. It just kind of came to me tonight.”
Nigel Johnson scored 23 points to lead Rutgers (13-14, 2-12), which had no answer for Purdue's big men.
“They've got two great players,” Rutgers coach Steve Pikiell said.
“What a luxury bringing (Haas) off the bench. They caused many problems, and they surround those guys with good shooters. I thought we did a decent job on Swanigan. Obviously, Haas was Swanigan tonight. They are a good basketball team that poses lots of problems for people.”
Boilermakers coach Matt Painter got what they were looking for from Haas during the final 20 minutes.
“His footwork was great,” Painter said.
“He kept it simple. They got them down deep and used their post moves. They were the difference in the game in the second half. With Isaac, you try to keep them fresh, but when they play like that, you don't want to take them out,” they added.
Thanks to 28 from Haas and Swanigan, Purdue outrebounded Rutgers 45-28. Purdue shot 47.5 percent to 35.9 percent for the Scarlet Knights.
Purdue struggled with turnovers in the first half (8) and led 33-26 through 20 minutes when Johnson was 5 of 6 from the field, including 4 of 4 from 3-point range, for 14 points, but the Scarlet Knights missed a chance to pull closer when the rest of their roster was 5 of 22 from the field.
Haas had eight first-half points, and Dakota Mathias and Carsen Edwards each added six. The Boilermakers outrebounded the Knights 23-10 in the first half.
Big picture
Rutgers: While Johnson and Corey Sanders comprise an impressive backcourt, the Scarlet Knights lack the frontcourt strength to compete with a physical team such as Purdue, which got 36 points and 28 rebounds from Haas and Swanigan.
Purdue: The Boilermakers are 7-1 since a Jan. 12 loss at Iowa and continue to impress with a blend of interior and perimeter offense, plus great man-to-man defense when they need it.
Poll implications
Having won four in a row and seven of eight, Purdue would be positioned to rise in the next poll if it can beat Michigan State on Saturday in Mackey Arena.
Mackey Monsters
Since losing on New Year's Day to Minnesota in overtime in Mackey Arena, Purdue has beaten Wisconsin, Illinois, Penn State, Northwestern and Rutgers on Keady Court by an average margin of 19.8 points.
Now 6-1 at home in Big Ten play, the Boilermakers will have to face off against Michigan State on Saturday and then have Indiana on Feb. 28 at home.
WATCH: Beyoncé's GRAMMYs Performance With Isolated Vocals Is So Good It Actually Hurts
Could Queen Bey be any more awesome?
Beyoncé was one of the most talked about artists at the 2017 GRAMMYs.
Not only did Adele claim that Beyoncé should have been awarded 'Album Of The Year' during their acceptance speech for the award, but Bey also showcased their huge baby bump to the world for the first time since their epic Instagram announcement.
There was also the small matter of Queen Bey's incredible live performance of two tracks, 'Love Drought' and 'Sandcastles', during the show. But whilst you might expect their voice to be amazing, wait until you hear the isolated vocals from Bey's microphone during that performance...
WATCH: Beyonce's Grammys Performance With ONLY Them Vocals 03:41
Errrm how is Beyoncé so damn good!?
There's a reason Bey is one of the most loved and respected vocalists on the planet and this video proves exactly why that's the case. Even whilst pregnant with twins, Beyoncé puts on the same incredible show that we've come to expect from them and we're once again blown away.
Also, how incredible did they look? Laced in a gold ensemble, completed by a stunning shimmering gold headpiece, everything combined made this the performance of the night.
Picture: Getty
Beyoncé is reportedly still set to headline US festival Coachella later this year even though she's currently pregnant, but after this performance, we firmly believe they can literally do anything.
So much Beyoncé love in the air right now.
You may also like...
Miranda Lambert shades ex-husband Blake Shelton The country songstress changed their lyrics to reference their divorce.
Blake Shelton re-ups with Warner Music Nashville The star has been with Warner Music Nashville for 17 years.
Blake Shelton absolutely deserves The Sexiest Man Alive On Tuesday, it was announced that Blake Shelton has been crowned People magazine's Sexiest Man Alive. The all-important, made-up title has been previously held by dudes who have perfected the...
Blake Shelton: From mullets to 'Sexiest Man Alive' Who would have thought a guy who rocked a mullet in 2002 would nab the title?
Blake Shelton named People Magazine's 'Sexiest Man Alive' "Y'all must be running out of people," the singer said when they found out they were picked.
Gwen and Gavin went through 'so much therapy' before split The Bush frontman also revealed they hadn't met Blake Shelton before Stefani introduced the country crooner to their kids.
How Gwen Stefani played stylist for this 'Voice' winner Singer Craig Wayne Boyd was crowned the Season 7 champion of "The Voice" in 2014.
What it's like to go on tour with Blake Shelton "He always does an after-the-show shot at the bottom of the stage," their touring partner RaeLynn said.
Copyright 2017 Fresh Air. To see more, visit Fresh Air
DAVE DAVIES, HOST:
This is FRESH AIR. The writer-director Sean Baker took the 2015 Sundance Film Festival by storm with "Tangerine," a gritty comic portrait of two transgender prostitutes in Los Angeles. Two years later, he's back with a look at another marginalized community in "The Florida Project," which arrives in theaters today after playing the Cannes, Toronto and New York Film Festivals. Film critic Justin Chang has this review.
JUSTIN CHANG, BYLINE: "The Florida Project" is one of the most thrillingly alive portraits of childhood I've ever seen. It's a neo-realist sugar rush of a movie, like a 21st century American update of "Los Olvidados" or "Bicycle Thieves" reimagined in rainbow sherbet colors and sprinkled with Pop Rocks. The writer-director Sean Baker and their co-writer, Chris Bergoch, shape the stuff of one girl's turbulent upbringing into a raw, exuberant comedy that darkens almost imperceptibly into tragedy. It packs an emotional wallop like nothing else I've seen this year. For two hours, the movie suspends us in the day-to-day rhythms of life at the Magic Castle, a dumpy three-story motel complex in Kissimmee, Fla., just south of Orlando.
With its bright purple walls and discount fairy tale trappings, the Magic Castle was clearly modeled on Disney World, though any tourists who wind up here generally do so by accident. It's a place where drifters and stragglers rent out cramped rooms for 38 bucks a night and where local missionaries pass out baked goods and brawls erupt in the parking lot. Most of all, it's a place where kids run free, making all sorts of mischief that their guardians are too busy or too neglectful to notice.
The most neglected of these little rascals is Moonee, a wildly energetic 6-year-old hellion played by a startling discovery named Brooklynn Kimberly Prince. Moonee is a force of nature, as imputent as they are irresistible. The poverty of their circumstances has also blessed them with an extraordinary imagination. The Magic Castle may be a bargain basement fantasy land, but through Moonee's eyes, it somehow comes alive as a kingdom of genuine enchantment.
"The Florida Project" is a remarkable evocation of children at play. The camera follows Moonee and their friends as they scramble up and down the stairs and in and out of rooms, getting underfoot and causing trouble. In one early scene, we see Moonee touring the neighborhood with their buddy, Scooty, played by Christopher Rivera, and a new girl named Jancey, played by Valeria Cotto, whom they introduce to one of their favorite hustles.
(SOUNDBITE OF FILM, "THE FLORIDA PROJECT")
BROOKLYNN PRINCE: (As Moonee) And this is where we get free ice cream.
VALERIA COTTO: (As Jancey) Really?
PRINCE: (As Moonee) Yeah.
CHRISTOPHER RIVERA: (As Scooty) Yeah. Follow me.
PRINCE: (As Moonee) Could we have some money? Do we have enough? Excuse me. Excuse me, Miss. Could you give us some change, please? We need to buy ice cream.
RIVERA: (As Scooty) 'Cause we don't have any money. We just have five cents.
PRINCE: (As Moonee) Yeah, we just have five cents.
RIVERA: (As Scooty) And the doctor said we have asthma and we got to keep ice cream right away.
PRINCE: (As Moonee) Yeah, my doctor too.
UNIDENTIFIED ACTRESS: (As character) Guys.
PRINCE: (As Moonee) We're not lying.
UNIDENTIFIED ACTRESS: (As character) It's fine.
PRINCE: (As Moonee) Thank you very much.
UNIDENTIFIED ACTRESS: (As character) Here you go.
PRINCE: (As Moonee) Let's go. Come on.
CHANG: Moonee inherited their gift for wheedling money out of strangers from their mother, Halley, a 22-year-old played by another terrific newcomer named Bria Vinaite. Halley barely makes the rent each week, but when they and Moonee aren't playing and hanging out together, they too have a money making-scheme of sorts. They buy knockoff perfume bottles wholesale and then sell them to guests at nicer hotels nearby while a friend who works at the Waffle House down the road sneaks them free food out the back door.
Halley's green-streaked hair and heavy tattoos may invite your snap judgments, but what makes them such an unfit mother isn't their appearance but their attitude. She's as much of a child as Moonee is, and Vinaite plays them with jaw-jutting defiance and a rage that can flare up in an instant. Reflexively mean and spiteful, Halley is one of those lost souls who have long since decided that there's no point in being nice or gracious when the deck is so completely stacked against you.
That may explain why they save most of their contempt for the person who keeps trying to help her, the motel's perpetually put-upon manager, Bobby. He's played by Willem Dafoe, one of the few recognizable faces in the cast. And they give the kind of performance that makes you fall in love with an actor anew. Whether he's making repairs around the building, attending to a sudden power failure or protecting the unsupervised kids from a stranger on the premises, Bobby is as hardworking and long suffering as they come. But they can't hide their love for their tenants, even the ones like Halley and Moonee who make their life hell. Why else would they keep bailing them out?
Baker scored an indie breakthrough in 2015 with the superb Los Angeles-set comedy "Tangerine" in which they worked with two transgender actores to create a compelling hybrid of truth and fiction. That movie's claim to fame was that it was shot on a high-definition iPhone camera. With "The Florida Project," which was photographed almost entirely on gorgeous 35 millimeter film by Alexis Zabe, Baker has taken their brand of lower-depth surrealism to new heights of formal sophistication without sacrificing a moment's authenticity.
For all its dreamlike interludes, its lushest day-glo colors and purple-gold sunsets, "The Florida Project" is ruthless in its lack of sentimentality. The story plays out with a bone-deep understanding of what poverty does to people, how few options it leaves them with. The beauty of the movie is that it sustains its unresolvable tension between realism and fantasy to the very end - or does it? I'll leave it to you to experience the jaw-dropping finale of "The Florida Project" for yourself. It's a magical moment, even as it reminds you that not everyone lives happily ever after.
DAVIES: Justin Chang is a film critic at The Los Angeles Times. On Monday's show, historian Anne Applebaum talks about the 1933 famine in Ukraine orchestrated by Joseph Stalin, a classic example of genocide. Applebaum is the author of the book "Red Famine: Stalin's War On Ukraine." She'll also talk about current Russian interference in elections. They help run an election monitoring project at the London School of Economics. Hope you can join us.
(SOUNDBITE OF KEN PEPLOWSKI'S "MY BUDDY")
DAVIES: FRESH AIR's executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham, with additional engineering support from Joyce Lieberman and Julian Herzfeld. Our associate producer for digital media is Molly Seavy-Nesper. Roberta Shorrock directs the show. For Terry Gross, I'm Dave Davies. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
More Videos 0:31 Tropical depression expected to become Tropical Storm Nate Pause 0:43 Tropical depression forms off the coast of Nicaragua 1:48 Everglades City residents talk about Hurricane Irma's destructive force 0:55 Everglades City residents facing housing crisis after Hurricane Irma 1:40 Maria evacuees arrive by sea to open arms of family and friends 1:47 7.1 magnitude earthquake rocks Central Mexico 5:17 Timelapse shows Hurricane Irma making its way through Miami Beach 1:38 Keys residents concerned with housing after Hurricane Irma leaves them homeless 1:08 Customs and Border Crew rescues Puerto Rican family who wrote HELP on roof 1:14 Hurricane Irma poised to hit Florida: Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Catastrophic claims specialist help South Florida after Irma Eric Kline, a catastrophic claims specialist, visits residents in Kendall after Hurricane Irma made its way through South Florida. Eric Kline, a catastrophic claims specialist, visits residents in Kendall after Hurricane Irma made its way through South Florida. José A. Iglesias Miami Herald Staff
Eric Kline, a catastrophic claims specialist, visits residents in Kendall after Hurricane Irma made its way through South Florida. José A. Iglesias Miami Herald Staff
Sexual harassment is for losers, according to Ken Cooper of CooperComm.
“Everyone needs to view sexual harassment as the ‘loser behavior' that it is,” they said. “Normal people seeking healthy relationships don't need to resort to harassment. Properly educating personnel on anti-harassment concepts and tools, showing them how to communicate incidents and instituting the right processes [allows] everyone not to tolerate this behavior, and ultimately to prevent it.”
Cooper trains employees, managers and CEOs on how to recognize what they see as the telltale signs of harassment, by dividing offenders into these two categories they created:
Studs
Neanderthal: As if it's part of their DNA, they crudely harass any non-male organism.
God's Gift: Thinks he's doing their targets a favor by lavishing attention.
Playboy Man: Tries to live the fantasy lifestyle of the old “Playboy” ad.
Gunfighter: Strictly a numbers man, they want to add a notch to their pistol grip.
Sneaks
Rising Star: They want a relationship with a professional woman to bolster their self-worth.
Father Figure : They seem to be a professional resource, yet is out for a sexual encounter.
Mid-Life Lothario: Seductive: Trying to have one more fling before it's too late.
Dirty Old Man: Bothersome old guy trying to use their age to get away with what they couldn't when they were younger.
OAKLAND — There are lies, damned lies and Kevin Durant's official height.
All NBA sources list the Warriors power forward at 6-foot-9. And, if you believe that, we've got a bridge in Brooklyn you can measure.
Those who play against Durant regularly refer to them as a 7-footer, and none of the Houston Rockets who struggled to guard them in the Western Conference Finals, where they averaged 30.4 points over seven games, would beg to differ.
There are photos of the “small” forward from their Oklahoma City Thunder days that show Durant's head rising above teammates Nick Collison and Serge Ibaka, who were both listed at 6-10.
But when the NBA Finals against the Cleveland Cavaliers open at Oracle Arena on Thursday, the game day program will insist that the towering Durant is listed at 6-foot-9.
That's as laughable as, say, listing Pablo Sandoval at 175 pounds or Jimmy Garoppolo as ugly.
I asked former NBA star Chris Webber if anybody in basketball circles actually believes Durant is 6-9. They said they can see right past that myth, mostly because they can't see past Durant.
“I'm 6-foot-9 1/2,” Webber, now a TNT analyst said, “and he's at least 3 inches taller than me. He's 7-feet tall. I would bet money on it.”
Durant no longer tries to argue otherwise. Their tall tale is such a well-documented fib that they dropped the charade. They once ‘fessed up to being measured at 6-10 3/4 without shoes and said they register a full 7 feet once the sneakers are on.
“I just like messin' with people,” Durant told KNBR in 2016.
And they once told the Wall Street Journal: “When I'm talking to women, I'm 7 feet. In basketball circles, I'm 6-9.”
But those explanations, like Durant himself, comes up a little short. In truth, there's a lot of symbolism behind their listed height.
The reason they fudged their measurements, especially early in their career, is because Durant wanted people to see the small-ball skills trapped in their T. rex body.
Traditionally, basketball players in the 7-foot range were known for their plodding, simple games — dunks, blocked shots. Durant has some big-man skills, but they also have the virtuoso game of a point guard.
“I don't think you can find someone like him,” Webber said. “Even if you're a good defender, there's nothing you can do.”
The way Durant sees it, listing themselves a few inches shorter made their very existence more plausible. If coaches really believed they were 6-foot-9, they might actually use them that way instead of forever banishing them to the low post.
“I always thought it was cool to say I'm a 6-9 small forward,” Durant told the Wall Street Journal in that 2016 interview. “Really, that's the prototypical size for a small forward. Anything taller than that, and they'll start saying, ‘Ah, he's a power forward.'”
Durant shot 41.9 percent from 3-point range during the regular season, trailing only Klay Thompson (44.0) and Steph Curry (42.3) among Warriors with at least 50 attempts. Durant also averaged 5.4 assists per game, just a hair off their career high (5.5) set in 2013-14.
But here's proof that Durant is tall, too: They had a career-high 119 blocks during the regular season, good enough for sixth in the NBA.
Not bad for a 6-foot-9 guy.
“Unless you find someone that can grow on a play,” Webber said, “it's not easy to check him.”
About the only mystery surrounding Durant's underreported height is why the measurement persists. They broke into the NBA in 2007. He's now 30 years old and in their 11th season.
Shouldn't the jig be up by now?
Raymond Ridder, the Warriors vice president of communications, said that Durant has been clear since Day One of their arrival in Oakland that they wanted to remain listed at 6-9. Ridder, like others, recognizes that there's a bit of an inexact science there — shoes or no shoes? — but the league has not standardized way of tracking height. Many players across the league, Ridder said, round up to make themselves a little taller.
Warriors Coach Steve Kerr, for example, had their own mysterious ups and downs during their playing days. The Wall Street Journal, studying NBA data, tracked Kerr going from 6-foot-3 in 2001, to 6-foot-1 in 2002 before shooting back up to 6-foot-3 in 2003. “I don't know,” said Kerr told The Journal. “I guess it just sounds better on the program.”
In Durant's case, opponents can only wish they were actually 6-9. At least that would make them easier to cover. He's so deft in everything they do with the ball in their hands that it sometimes looks as if someone took Steph Curry to Kinko's and had them enlarged.
Webber said that Durant's small ball skills mean no opponent is the right size to guard him.
“Because someone my height may not be able to move laterally and stay with him,” Webber said. “So you're vulnerable to the crossover. You're vulnerable to the penetration and step-back jumper.”
Reggie Miller, another former All-Star turned NBA analyst, said that one of the interesting things about Durant is that he's also mastered the space in the middle: a mid-range game. During these playoffs, Durant is shooting 49 percent on shots from 10-16 feet.
“One or two dribbles — left, right — and they pull up,” Miller said. “And because he's 7 feet — and because of their wingspan — you're not going to block their shot. Maybe you can contest it. But he's going to get a clear view.”
Now that the NBA Finals are here, there's no telling the heights Durant can reach.
Property like this is hard to come by: A highly desirable address, idyllic location, and an opportunity to not only dream, but create something sensational.
Properties at the south end of the Almaden Valley off of Harry Road and onto Henwood Road are generous-size multi-acreage lots. Several Henwood Road properties like this one border the Calero Arroyo that branches off into the Alamitos Creek. They also border the popular Calero Creek Trail that connects with the Los Alamitos Creek Trail at Singer Park.
Almost to the end of Henwood Road, at 20560, sits a spectacular property just waiting for its next generation of caretakers. The once-thriving and bustling family compound was the perfect “country setting” for multiple generations of family and friends to come together to celebrate life and make the kind of memories that are treasured for a lifetime.
The three-bedroom, two-bathroom ranch-style home at 20560 Henwood Road was moved back in the early 1970s from Mountain View to this almost 2-acre level property. Cut in half and transported on trailers in the dead of night to avoid traffic, it found its new destination quite appealing near the sprawling walnut and almond orchards that filled the landscape across the creek and along Camden Avenue.
A pool, hot tub and pizza oven provided the fun outside where open space, gardens, a pond, and towering trees wrapped around the home. There was still plenty of room for a few farm animals like goats, chickens, pigs, and of course, an assortment of dogs and cats.
A neighboring donkey still grazes nearby reminiscent of the quiet days gone by and the majestic Mount Umunhum looms in the distance. Above the front door, a sign reads, “ Dun Movin”. This is the place where the seeds of family and life were planted and nurtured.
Today, the allure of this property remains the same and it's time for another homeowner to tend to the land. Use the existing home and foundation to begin the transformation into your own home. Classic potbelly stoves and a dual-sided fireplace still warm the home. A front garden-facing sunroom is bordered with beveled glass windows, and several rooms connect with the outdoor space, garage and workshop.
Or be inspired by the natural beauty of this property and paint your own creation on the blank canvas. A 6,000-square-foot home with detached guesthouse could potentially be built on this land. Add a pool, spa, outdoor kitchen, bocce ball court, or keep a country theme with a vineyard, raised garden beds, fruit tree orchard or chicken coop. The deep setback already has a welcoming circular driveway and the mature trees provide lots of privacy.
The property also includes two water wells, and is within Santa Clara County. The quiet and country setting is amazingly close to all you need from shopping and dining options, to easy access to commute routes on Highways 85, 87 and 101, as well as top-rated schools including Graystone Elementary, Bret Harte Middle, and Leland High School. Stay close to the action in Silicon Valley, but allow yourself to rejuvenate in your private retreat.
Price: $1,599,999
Where: 20560 Henwood Road, San Jose
Open house: Saturday and Sunday, June 2 and 3, from 1-4 p.m. or by appointment before that.
Listing agent: Therese Swan 408-656-8240 tswan@apr.com Alain Pinel Realtors
Odell Beckham Jr. and Le'Veon Bell are both in Minnesota ahead of Super Bowl 52. The Giants wide receiver made sure to snap a photo with the Steelers running back, and then attempted to recruit them on Instagram.
Why not, right?
Bell could become a free agent in March if they don't work something out with the Steelers.
Beckham captioned the photo, “Welcome the newest member of the Giants,” and added that Bell needs to change their Instagram handle to take Steeler out of it.
Welcome the newest member of the giants 😭😭 @steelerrb26 (ps change ur handle)
Beckham and Bell continued to talk in the comments. Bell joked that he'll listen to Beckham.
Don't let this scare you too much, Steelers fans. This week, Bell told USA TODAY Sports that he's feeling confident that he'll be returning to Pittsburgh next season.
President Trump and Vladimir Putin met face-to-face for the first time on Friday at the G-20 summit in a historic sit-down that lasted more than two hours as they discussed Syria, North Korea and Russian meddling in the US election.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who sat in, said the two “had a very robust and lengthy exchange” right at the start of their meeting about the Kremlin's interference in the presidential race.
“The president pressed President Putin on more than one occasion regarding Russian involvement. President Putin denied such involvement, as I think they have in the past,” Tillerson said during a press briefing in Hamburg, Germany.
The secretary of state, who had met the Russian strongman when Tillerson was head of ExxonMobil, said the two leaders agreed that it was important to move past the election controversy.
“I think what the two presidents rightly focused on is: How do we move forward from here? Because it's not clear to me that we will ever come to some agreed upon resolution of that question between the two nations,” they said.
They added that it “may be an intractable disagreement at this point.”
But Tillerson also said it was more important to get a commitment from Russia that election shenanigans won't happen again.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, who also sat in on the meeting, as did two interpreters, told reporters later that Trump had accepted Putin's denials.
“President Trump said they heard clear statements from Putin that [the charges of meddling] are not true, and that Russian authorities did not intervene, and they accepted these declarations,” Lavrov said.
When the discussion veered to Syria, the two sides found common ground when discussing a previously negotiated cease-fire deal aimed at stemming the violence in the southwestern portion of the war-torn country.
“This is our first indication of the US and Russia being able to work together in Syria,” Tillerson said. But differences remained on other issues.
Tillerson said the Trump administration saw no long-term role for the Assad regime in Syria, which is being propped up by the Russians.
Trump and Putin also discussed North Korea, which last week test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile that experts warned was capable of striking Alaska.
“We're going to continue those discussions and ask [Russia] to do more. Russia does have economic activity with North Korea, but I would also hasten to add Russia's official policy is the same as ours, a denuclearized Korean peninsula,” said Tillerson.
But the US' top diplomat conceded the Russians “see it a little different than we do” on the tactics and “pace” to achieve that goal.
Putin told Russian state media that they and Trump also talked about terrorism, but no details were revealed.
see also Trump and Putin sitdown drags on longer than expected The first-ever sitdown between Presidents Trump and Putin wrapped up...
The meeting was planned for 30 to 40 minutes — but lasted for two hours and 16 minutes.
Tillerson said that was because Trump and Putin got along so well from the start.
“The two leaders, I would say, connected very quickly. There was a very clear positive chemistry between the two,” they said.
They were not interested, they said, in “re-litigating the past” but instead wanted to look to the future. “We simply have to find a way to go forward.”
The pair also bonded over their mutual dislike of the media. “These are the ones who insulted you?” Putin said to Trump, as they pointed to a pack of reporters.
With Post Wires
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
Ryan Robert John Lavery, Gortnahowen, Warrenpoint (18) was charged with disorderly behaviour and assault on the police when they appeared last Thursday at Banbridge Magistrates Court.
The alleged incident took place in Church Square, Banbridge, on March 17 this year. The case was adjourned until April 27.
The avalanche of sex harassment allegations will make it harder for women to get jobs in government, according to state Sen. Diane Savino.
“What is going to happen now is that fewer women will be given opportunities in government,” the Staten Island Democrat said in a Dec. 8 Facebook posting.
“If you are a male elected, you are going to seriously think about limiting your staff selections to male staffers to avoid any possibility of a problem.”
They made the comment after questioning why Senate Democrats were so quick to demand the resignation of Sen. Al Franken, who faced several sexual harassment accusations.
“To be honest, I was never one of their greatest fans, but they were elected by the people of Minnesota. They were also considered one of the great rising stars in our party which is full of star-effer's, if truth be told. I mean, really, just a few months ago wasn't they on the list of possible challengers to Trump? Now they are a sacrificial throwaway to the Democrats attempt to show that they are better on Sexual Harrassment,” Savino wrote.
“Maybe it is the Union Chick in me, but what happened to DUE PROCESS in this country? I don't know what would have come from an Ethics Investigation, and neither does Kirsten Gillibrand, but Al Franken should have been given their Day in Court, not the Court of Public Opinion.”
The statements sparked a debate and criticism from fellow Facebook users, who defended women coming forward and pointed out that photographs and responses from the accused have backed up many of their claims.
“I understand the “avoidance” point of view, but if you're not a jerk and have common sense, then there will be no problems,” replied a Facebook user named Mark Hicks.
Another Savino follower on Facebook, Bridgette Francis, pointed out that Franken admitted to some misconduct.
“Women's bodies are not the property of people in positions of power,” Francis wrote.
0:58
Should boys and girls get the HPV vaccine?
1:16
Hospitalized with the flu, baby goes home with brain damage. Now mother is suing Nicklaus Children's Hospital
1:57
WASHINGTON — The House Intelligence Committee on Friday made public a Republican memo that raises questions about the FBI surveillance of one of Donald Trump's campaign aides, acting after the president declassified the entire document, which they say shows the law enforcement agency was biased against him.
The disclosure came despite the opposition of the FBI, which feared it would reveal investigative methods, and the Justice Department.
READ THE MEMO
The three-and-a-half-page memo was prepared by the intelligence committee's chairperson, Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., and is a critique of the FBI's application for surveillance authority that was presented to the Federal Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) Court.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed House releases controversial GOP intel memo after Trump approval 7:31 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
That application granted the FBI the ability to conduct secret surveillance on Carter Page, an aide to the Trump presidential campaign.
"Our findings, which are detailed below, 1) raise concerns with the legitimacy and legality of certain DOJ and FBI interactions with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC), and 2) represent a troubling breakdown of legal processes established to protect the American people from abuses to the FISA process," the memo says.
The memo says that a dossier compiled on Trump by Christopher Steele, a former British spy, was a key part of the information shown to the FISA court for the surveillance approval of Page. The GOP memo, however, also says that information given to the court did not reveal that the dossier was financed by the Democratic National Committee and the Clinton campaign.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Who is Carter Page? 9:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The dossier put together by Steele contained explosive, but unverified, allegations that Russia had been cultivating Trump for years and had gathered compromising information on the presidential candidate — including salacious sexual allegations that Trump has denied. Buzzfeed published the 35-page document on its website in January 2017. Special counsel Robert Mueller's team, which is investigating Russian interference in the 2016 election, has interviewed Steele.
A conservative website funded in large part by a major Republican donor, Paul Singer, first retained Fusion GPS in 2015 to dig up dirt on the insurgent Trump candidacy during the Republican primary, but told the firm to stop after it became clear Trump would be the GOP nominee.
The Clinton campaign and the DNC then began paying Fusion GPS in April 2016 for research that would later form the basis of Steele's dossier — although, as NBC News and others have reported, Steele was not brought on board by Fusion GPS until Democrats started paying the firm.
The memo also notes that the information presented to the court did not reveal that Steele was working for Fusion GPS, a political opposition research firm of former journalists.
"While the FISA application relied on Steele's past record of credible reporting on other unrelated matters, it ignored or concealed their anti-Trump financial and ideological motivations," the memo stated.
However, a Democratic Congressional source who has read the classified Democratic memo, which was written to counter the Republican memo and has not been made public, said the FISA judges were made aware that there was a "political context" to Steele's information, meaning that it came from a political opponent of Trump. That refutes a key assertion in the GOP memo.
Meanwhile, four separate FISA judges reviewed the surveillance application and renewals of Page, a Democratic congressional source told NBC News.
The memo also stated that the FISA application for Page extensively cited a September 2016 Yahoo News article by Michael Isikoff that had focused on a trip Page took to Moscow in July 2016. But that article, the memo noted, was derived from information that had been leaked by Steele themselves to Yahoo News, and, therefore, did not independently corroborate claims in the Steele dossier.
The Page application "incorrectly" stated that Steele had not provided info to Yahoo News, the memo claimed, citing the fact that Steele has admitted in British court filings that they met with Yahoo and other media outlets at the direction of Fusion GPS.
Read: Democrats condemn release of Nunes Memo
Page issued a statement Friday praising the release of the memo.
"The brave and assiduous oversight by Congressional leaders in discovering this unprecedented abuse of process represents a giant, historic leap in the repair of America's democracy," Page said, adding "that a few of the misdeeds against the Trump Movement have been partially revealed."
The memo states that former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, who resigned this week, testified in December 2017 that no surveillance warrant would have been sought without the information contained in the Steele dossier.
The memo also refers to previously reported texts between an FBI lawyer, Lisa Page, and Peter Strzok, the FBI agent with whom they were romantically involved, in which anti-Trump sentiments were expressed. Republicans have seized upon those messages as evidence of a coordinated anti-Trump effort within the FBI.
Reaction to the memo's release was swift and scathing.
Democrats blasted the move as a "shameful" attempt to undermine Mueller's Russia investigation and parallel congressional probes, while Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., said the memo's “attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests — no party's, no president's, only Putin's.”
Following the memo's release, the White House said the document raised “serious concerns about the integrity of decisions made at the highest levels of the Department of Justice and the FBI to use the Government's most intrusive surveillance tools against American citizens.”
In a statement, White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the president had made their decision with input from their national security team — “including law enforcement officials and members of the intelligence community.” They also left the door open for the White House to release a memo being drafted by Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee.
Attorney General Jeff Session acknowledged in a statement that "no department is perfect" and that they were determined to "fully and fairly ascertain the truth."
"Congress has made inquiries concerning an issue of great importance for the country and concerns have been raised about the Department's performance. I have great confidence in the men and women of this Department. But no Department is perfect," they said in the statement. "We work for the American people and are accountable to them and those they have elected. We will meet that responsibility."
Moments before the memo's release, Trump responded to questions from reporters about the memo, saying that "a lot of people should be ashamed of themselves."
"I think it's a disgrace what's going on in this country. I think it's a disgrace," the president said.
The memo further charged that Steele was politically biased and had admitted to an associate that they were "desperate" for Trump to not win the 2016 election.
In September 2016, Steele told then-Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr — who worked closely with Deputy Attorneys General Sally Yates and Rod Rosenstein — that they "was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about them not being president." The memo also noted that Ohr's wife was employed by Fusion GPS during the same time period "to assist in the cultivation of opposition research on Trump."
"The Ohrs' relationship with Steele and Fusion GPS was inexplicably concealed from the FISC," the memo stated, referring to the court.
Deputy U.S. Attorney General Rod Rosenstein speaks as Acting DEA Administrator Robert Patterson listens during a news conference on Oct. 17, 2017 at the Justice Department in Washington. Alex Wong / Getty Images
Earlier Friday, Trump accused top law enforcement officials at the DOJ and FBI of politicizing "the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans — something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago." They added, however, that the "Rank & File" at these organizations "are great people."
Prior to the memo's release, the FBI warned that it had "grave concerns" about the memo, arguing in an unusual statement this week that the memo could be inaccurate and misleading because of "material omissions" within it.
FBI Director Chris Wray and Rosenstein also appealed directly to Trump's chief of staff, John Kelly, on Monday asking them not to make the memo public, two sources familiar with the matter told NBC News at the time.
The NYPD is planning to name the library at its new Police Academy after former Commissioner Ben Ward — infuriating some retired cops who think they mishandled an incident at...
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Police have released new surveillance pictures in the murder investigation of Angie Barlow.
Family reported the 23-year-old missing in October of 2017, and police found their body this June on the city's northeast side after receiving a tip.
The pictures came from surveillance video at an apartment complex where Barlow was attending a private party.
Barlow's mother told 24-Hour News 8 they had never seen those pictures before until recently, when they saw them on national television.
Surveillance cameras at Landmarks Apartments on Harcourt Road captured a blue car leaving the complex on October 27, 2016, around 3:30 a.m.
“It was definitely kind of eerie watching that, especially when it's the first time that you have seen that,” said Angie's mother, Christina Kramer.
Kramer said the blue car in the images — a Pontiac G6 — belonged to their daughter Angie.
“Part of us was wondering, ‘Was they in either one of those cars? Was they alive at the time? Was they dead at that time?'” they said. “It's all the unknown that just kind of race through your head all at one time.”
Pictures from the surveillance video show Angie's blue car pulling out with a black car following right behind it. Kramer said they were told detectives weren't able to glean much from the video.
“They couldn't see inside either one of the cars, so they really don't know who was driving either vehicle,” they said.
Angie Barlow's car was found on Nov. 8, 2016, about 8.5 miles away from that apartment complex. 24-Hour News 8 learned from court documents that police took pictures and DNA swabs from Barlow's car. Then on June 21, police found Angie's body in the brush near 42nd Street and Emerson Avenue.
“The main thing I want to know: Why? “That's just something we can't wrap our heads around, you know,” they said. “Why did our daughter have to die? Was it jealousy? Was it, was they set up to be robbed? Was they set up to be sold?”
Kramer said they are desperate for answers and will continue the search until the person responsible is caught.
“She definitely deserves to be remembered, and they deserve justice, and we're trying to do everything we can to get that,” they said. “You will be found. We're not going to stop pursuing until this. It's going to be over before we stop.”
A memorial dedication for Angie Barlow and other victims of violence is scheduled for Thursday, Oct. 12, at Zion Hope Baptist Church in Indianapolis from 6-8 p.m.
If you have any information that could help police solve the murder of Angie Barlow, you're asked to call Crime Stoppers at 317-262-TIPS.
President Donald Trump offered a condemnation of white supremacists for their role in this weekend's deadly violence in Virginia. Trump called on the nation to unify in the wake of tragedy during comments Monday at the White House. (Source: Bloomberg)
Follow @bpolitics for all the latest news, and sign up for our daily Balance of Power newsletter.
President Donald Trump called out white supremacists for their role in the deadly violence over the weekend in Virginia as the administration sought to counter a backlash against their initial failure to directly hold hate groups accountable.
“Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans,” Trump said on Monday at the White House.
Trump's statement, carried live on national television, came amid growing bipartisan condemnation of their early reaction blaming “many sides” for the weekend violence in Charlottesville, Virginia. On Aug. 12, a participant in a white supremacist rally there rammed a group of counter-demonstrators with a Dodge Charger, killing one woman and injuring at least 19 others.
Republican and Democratic lawmakers assailed their initial response as inadequate. Merck & Co. Chief Executive Officer Ken Frazier resigned Monday in protest from Trump's manufacturing council, saying “America's leaders must honor our fundamental values” by rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy. Trump's job approval fell to 34 percent in the daily Gallup tracking poll, its lowest level ever in the poll.
The White House hastily arranged Trump' statement as the weekend barrage of criticism intensified Monday, summoning the White House pool of reporters without advance notice. They stood at a lectern reading prepared remarks and took no questions.
‘Held Accountable'
“To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence, you will be held accountable,” Trump said, adding that had just met with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI Director Chris Wray for an update on a federal civil rights investigation into the incident.
“We must love each other show affection for each other and unite together in condemnation of hatred bigotry and violence,” they added.
Video images of the violence surrounding the white supremacist rally played out on the U.S. and global television throughout the weekend, galvanizing the public. Many of the participants openly carried guns as they came to protest the removal of a statue of Confederate war general Robert E. Lee. Photos showed a group white men using large metal poles to beat a black man crouching on their knees.
Alex Fields Jr., 20, who drove into the counter-protesters, was charged with second-degree murder in the death of Heather Heyer, 32. Two Virginia state troopers who were observing the demonstrations died in a helicopter crash.
Trump said Saturday that “many sides” bore blame for the violence, without directly repudiating racial supremacists. After criticism of the response from across political spectrum, the White House on Sunday released a statement saying that “of course” the president included white supremacists, neo-Nazis “and all extremist groups” in that statement.
Trump Response
After Frazier resigned from the White House advisory group Monday, Trump responded angrily less than an hour later on Twitter, suggesting the CEO should use the extra time to focus on lowering “ripoff drug prices.” The presidential tweet fed a storm of criticism throughout the morning Monday.
Sessions, in a round of TV interviews on Monday, insisted that Trump was opposed to white supremacist values and would be saying more.
But many Republicans indicated Trump already had let a crucial moment pass. “He missed an opportunity to be very explicit here,” Senator Lindsey Graham, a South Carolina Republican, told Fox News on Sunday. “These groups seem to believe they have a friend in Donald Trump in the White House.”
Trump's “America First” campaign and their bellicose rhetoric drew support from many right-wing fringe groups during the presidential campaign. They have repeatedly drawn criticism for their handling of issues related to minority groups.
During the presidential campaign, Trump retweeted praise from the social media accounts of white supremacists. Their social media director, Dan Scavino, now a White House employee, also posted an image to Trump's Twitter account that showed a Star of David near the head of Hillary Clinton as money rained down, which opponents and Jewish groups criticized as anti-Semitic.
Public Controversies
When asked initially during the presidential campaign about receiving the endorsement of David Duke, Trump said they didn't know anything about the former Ku Klux Klan leader. After days of criticism, Trump later said that they disavowed him.
They also have waded into public controversies with statements that their critics consider racially tinged. Trump for years suggested without evidence that former President Barack Obama was born outside of the United States, only saying they accepted the U.S. citizenship of the nation's first African-American president after clinching the Republican presidential nomination. In 1989, they paid for a full page ad in the New York Times calling for the death penalty for a group of black teenagers known as the Central Park Five, who were convicted but later exonerated of raping a white woman.
After Trump won the White House, Trump's staffing decisions also drew criticism. Stephen Bannon, the president's senior adviser, was the former editor of Breitbart and had described the website as a "platform for the alt-right." Sebastian Gorka, one of the president's counterterrorism advisers, has come under fire for their family's ties of a Hungarian group called Vitezi Rend that collaborated with the Nazis during World War II. And white supremacist leader Richard Spencer has said they worked with Trump adviser Stephen Miller while they were both students at Duke University, though Miller has said they completely repudiate Spencer.
Get the latest on global politics in your inbox, every day. Get our newsletter daily.
Those aides were the driving force behind the president's early move to ban travel from several Muslim-majority countries. That effort drew criticism from a wide swath of companies, with more than 160 technology firms, including Amazon.com Inc., Facebook Inc., and Google corporate parent Alphabet Inc. who joined a legal brief criticizing the executive order. Technology firms have also criticized the administration's efforts to restrict access to H-1B visas for high-skilled workers, and eliminate an Obama administration program that would have provided visas for foreign entrepreneurs who received startup funding.
Last month, Trump announced that they were moving to ban all trans-gender service members from the military, in another move that drew bipartisan criticism.
“I don't think we should be discriminating against anyone,” Republican Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah said in a statement in response to the transgender ban.
— With assistance by Jennifer Epstein, Justin Sink, and Cynthia Koons
Best Ways To Celebrate World Humanitarian Day In MinnesotaWorld Humanitarian Day honors the selfless efforts of men and women who dedicate and give their lives in the service of others. Since 2009, World Humanitarian Day has been commemorated on August 19. In Minnesota, this significant day will be celebrated with summer charity events and volunteerism.
These are the people most wanted by police forces in the UK in relation to alleged sexual offences.
They appear on the Crimestoppers Most Wanted page - a 160-strong list of men and women wanted in connection with crimes across Britain.
Crimestoppers is a registered charity helping law enforcement to solve crimes. Crimestoppers pay cash rewards of up to £1,000 for information and, since its formation in 1988, nearly 134,000 arrests have been made as a result of tip-offs to the charity.
Unlike some countries, the UK doesn't rank its most wanted list - crimes are not ranked by their severity and there is no ‘most wanted individual'. But, according to Crimestoppers: “The nature of the crime or the investigation will influence whether an appeal is featured.”
Police forces across the UK are responsible for the appeals that appear on the Crimestoppers Most Wanted page, uploading and removing entries and ensuring accuracy of any information provided.
Forces have strict controls to ensure that information provided is accurate. However, if you feel that an appeal is incorrect, contact Crimestoppers to let them know and they will pass this information to the relevant police force.
The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury note hit 3 percent intraday for the first time in more than four years on Tuesday.
FISHERS, Ind. (WISH) – A Fishers man is biking 100 miles to Terre Haute to raise money and awareness for those battling breast cancer.
When Kyle Vannoni arrives, he'll be participating in the Wabash Valley Race for the Cure.
Kyle lost their mom to breast cancer when they were just 12 years old. Their aunt also died from the disease.
Kyle has been participating in the Wabash Valley Race for the Cure for 21 years but this is the first year he's added the 100 mile bike ride.
He's raised more than $17,000 to give to Susan G. Komen.
“It's continuing to fight for all those other people out there that need somebody to fight for them, because you fight for a long time but at some point sometimes people need somebody to fight for them, they need a chance to rest,” Vannoni said.
To donate to their cause, click here.
The IDF released a video Wednesday outlining seven targets struck in the Gaza Strip following a barrage of rockets fired toward Israel by terror groups in Gaza.
The first target shown in the video is a rocket warehouse in the northern Gaza Strip that was operated by Islamic Jihad. A sketch of the rocket is displayed in the video as well. The second location targeted by Israeli airstrikes Tuesday shown in the video is a Hamas-run naval technology site intended to be used to infiltrate Israel by sea.
The IDF also revealed an SA-7 missile factory as one of the targets struck, as well as an explosive-laden drone warehouse, a rocket factory and an abandoned drone shed.Israel struck more than 65 targets overnight Tuesday after terror groups in Gaza launched rockets and mortars into Israeli cities in Southern Israel.The rocket and mortar fire from Gaza ceased Wednesday. A senior source in the Israeli defense establishment attributed the quiet along the border to the IDF strikes.“The IDF launched a significant strike overnight in Gaza and we have acted responsibly, and since the morning the fire has stopped. Israel has delivered a message that if the fire resumes, the attacks on Hamas and the other groups will intensify,” they said.Israel's Reshet Bet reported that over 180 rockets and mortars were launched toward Israeli civilian areas, and earlier on Wednesday the IDF released an infographic of 65 airstrikes carried against Hamas targets in the Gaza Strip in response to the over 24 hours of fire launched from the enclave.Hamas, the Islamist terror group Israel holds responsible for everything that happens in Gaza, called for a ceasefire Wednesday.Anna Ahronheim contributed to this report.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The Eagles are heading out on tour with a son of founding member Glenn Frey stepping in for their late father.
The band announced Monday that it will visit Greensboro, North Carolina; Atlanta; Louisville, Kentucky; and Detroit in October. The shows will follow a Sept. 30 date with The Doobie Brothers in Seattle.
The Eagles played concerts in Los Angeles and New York last month for their first shows since Frey died at the age of 67 in January 2016.
Their son Deacon filled in on guitar and vocals at the concerts and will join the band on tour in the fall.
What is your favorite colo?
Thank you for voting.
You have already voted on this poll !
Please select an option !
A file photo of Leo Varadkar in 2015, when they were Minister for Health.
A file photo of Leo Varadkar in 2015, when they were Minister for Health.
A GALWAY-BASED GP has invoiced the National Ambulance Service for attending an ambulance call to highlight its constant delays in responding to emergencies.
Dr Peter Sloane, who's a GP in Carraroe, Co Galway, has written to the Minister for Health and the National Ambulance Service previously about the wait times for patients who call the service.
They said that on multiple occasions he's been called to attend an emergency because ambulances were unable to attend for an hour or more.
Although Carraroe has its own ambulance base, because of a lack of resources vehicles are often called to other areas around Galway city, meaning if there's an emergency call from Carraroe, it will take longer for the ambulance to arrive.
“GPs are not employed, we run businesses and we receive remuneration from the State in the form of capitation for the provision of services,” Sloane said.
“And when the ambulance service rings us to attend an emergency because they're not available, they just expect us to buy tools, run out of our business, leave the patients that have maybe taken a day off work to come to see me, and go off and be a surrogate for the ambulance service.”
Sloane says that the invoice isn't about the money, it's about patients getting the service that's badly needed.
“In one case I phoned an ambulance crew, and if I had phoned two minutes later they would have been gone to Belmullet which is in excess of a two-hour drive from here.
This is an ongoing problem and I'm sick of it, I've had enough – it needs to be addressed.
Last June, a 60-year-old man who was suffering from an acute medical illness was left waiting on the side of the road for 57 minutes while waiting for an ambulance.
In another case an ambulance had to travel from Roscommon to respond to a call in Carraroe, and in another case the ambulance had a response time of two hours.
Last month a choking toddler had to be brought to hospital in a Garda car due to delays in the ambulance service.
Sloane stressed that the paramedics who are employed are professional and dedicated to their work, it's that the service as a whole isn't properly funded.
“Our State provides an ambulance service but doesn't resource it adequately,” they said.
The National Ambulance Service has been contacted for comment.
The front-runner to succeed Michael Flynn as White House national security adviser is a former Navy SEAL and retired three-star admiral who became one of Defense Secretary Jim Mattis's most-trusted colleagues while leading troops in Afghanistan and Iraq.
Retired Vice Admiral Bob Harward, who served as Mattis's deputy at U.S. Central Command during the secretary's career as a Marine Corps general, is at the top of the list for the influential White House post, according to a U.S. official and another person familiar with the matter.
Opinion Journal: The Next National Security Adviser (4:19) Hoover Institution Research Fellow Kori Schake on the resignation of Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn. Photo credit: Reuters.
Harward retired from the Navy in 2013 and is currently chief executive of Lockheed Martin Corp.'s LMT, +0.08% operation in the United Arab Emirates.
 They are being considered alongside Keith Kellogg, the retired three-star Army general who took over as acting national security adviser late Monday, and former Central Intelligence Agency Director David Petraeus, a retired four-star Army general, according to administration officials.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Mike Flynn's brief White House stint caps contentious career.
Disney severs ties with YouTube star PewDiePie after anti-Semitic posts.
Paris terror mastermind planned attacks targeting kids, Jews The ringleader behind the Nov. 13 attacks in Paris had plans to strike Jewish targets and to disrupt schools and the transport system in France, according to sources close to...
Paris ringleader's planned follow-up attack thwarted by raid The ringleader behind the deadly Paris terror attacks and another Islamist militant were planning to blow themselves up in a suicide attack in Paris' La Defense business district, the chief...
Authorities missed multiple chances to prevent Paris terror attacks There were multiple chances to stop the men who attacked Paris. In January, Turkish authorities detained one of the suicide bombers at Turkey's border and deported them to Belgium. Brahim...
Fugitive Paris jihadist loved gay bars, drugs and PlayStation The missing Paris jihadist had a taste for gay sex, drugs and PlayStation. As the international manhunt for 26-year-old Belgian Salah Abdeslam continued, patrons of a gay bar in Brussels...
How the good guys got the ISIS terrorist behind the Paris attacks PARIS – Police watched the suspected mastermind of the Paris attacks being led by a woman into an apartment the evening before both died there in a raid by special...
Hard-partying jihadi woman was not a suicide bomber The hard-partying jihadi who cops said blew themselves up during a police raid was actually killed when a fellow terrorist standing nearby detonated their own suicide vest, authorities revealed Friday....
Skanky suicide bomber used to be a selfie-taking party animal They were hardly a model Muslim before they became an ISIS suicide bomber — drinking booze, hanging out with drug dealers and posing for naked photos in a bubble bath....
Prosecutor confirms Paris attacks mastermind is dead The suspected mastermind behind the Paris terror attacks was positively identified Thursday as one of the two people killed in a police raid in the suburb of Saint-Denis, the French...
New footage shows chaos that unfolded in Paris attacks Dramatic footage of the Paris terror attacks has emerged online. The video, which was obtained exclusively by the Daily Mail and first broken by DailyMail.com, depicts a terrifying scene as...
Dinner at Eleven Madison, the best restaurant in the world, lasts a little over two hours, costs $315 per person, and encompasses somewhere between eight and 10 courses.
Major League Baseball's inaugural FoodFest, which took place 20 blocks uptown from Eleven Madison over the weekend, lasted for exactly two hours, cost $25 per person ($40 if you also wanted beer), and featured a signature dish from every single MLB ballpark.
I ate all 30 offerings in 43 minutes and 56 seconds.
From a surprisingly solid NY Deli Pastrami Sandwich from the Mets to a shockingly bland Chicken Waffle Cone from the Astros and tangy Toasted Grasshoppers courtesy of the Mariners, the food festival had everything a fan could desire. And everyone who bought a ticket to the sold-out event got a two-hour window to travel from booth to booth eating everything on the menu.
As the second man through the door during a VIP pre-event tasting on Friday night, I didn't need that much time. I also didn't need my years of experience working as a line cook in high-end restaurants in Colorado and California to figure out what was good and what was truly awful.
That being said, I had an assignment to do, so I put my well-trained eye and palate to the test and judged every single dish on factors like presentation, ease of eating, and, most importantly, deliciousness.
I also gave extra credit to dishes that found the perfect balance between lip-smacking greasiness, a must for ballpark food, and my will to live. Because gut bombs that make you feel like death make it harder to devour more delicious treats.
JOHNSON COUNTY, Ind. (WISH) – Two men are charged with burglary and theft after taking items from an abandoned farm property Sunday.
According to police, Brian Slagle and Albert Burris were seen leaving the property with a large amount of metal items in a white truck they were traveling in. Police followed the vehicle and pulled it over when Slagle failed to use a turn signal.
Slagle was on active house arrest out of Jackson County and was wearing their ankle monitoring device at the time of the traffic stop. A BMV check conducted at the scene showed that Slagle is a habitual traffic violator (HTV) and is suspended from driving for life.
The owner of the farm property, Jon Clark, was notified after police learned they filed a theft report from the farm on April 4.
Clark described items such as an antique cast iron wood stove that was broken in several pieces, and white gas range. Police identified these items in the back of the truck.
According to documents, Clark also said that a large 48-inch fan, floor model band-saw and large ceiling type furnace was missing from the farm. There appeared to be fresh drag marks inside the barn area where those items were supposed to be.
In an interview conducted by police with Slagle and Burris, they both admitted to taking the items from the farm.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Replacing Don Cherry with Dart Guy would not be the worst idea in the world, tbh.
By the laws of the internet, there's bound to be some kind of Dart Guy backlash, but hopefully we still have a few more days of just being able to enjoy this.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Authorities are investigating after a person was shot dead Tuesday evening.
Officials said the shooting happened in the 3600 block of North Glen Arm Road just after 6:30 p.m.
No suspect information has been released at this time.
WISH-TV currently has a crew headed to the scene.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN DIEGO — Alex Smith threw for two touchdowns and ran for another, and the Kansas City Chiefs clinched the AFC West title and a first-round playoff bye with a 37-27 victory Sunday against the Chargers in perhaps the final NFL game in San Diego.
The Chiefs (12-4) clinched the division with the win and Oakland's loss at Denver.
San Diego fired coach Mike McCoy after the game.
Smith, who went to nearby Helix High in La Mesa, scored on a 5-yard scramble early in the second quarter to tie the game at 10 and then threw a 4-yard touchdown pass to wide-open Charcandrick West later in the quarter to put the Chiefs ahead for good at 17-10. That followed the first of two interceptions by Philip Rivers that led to 10 points for the Chiefs.
Smith was intercepted once, on a deflected pass that Jahleel Addae returned 90 yards for a touchdown to pull the Chargers (5-11) to 20-17 in the third quarter.
Smith came right back and threw a 2-yard scoring pass to West, who again was wide open.
Rookie Tyreek Hill showed some fancy footwork in returning a punt 95 yards for a touchdown in the final minute of the third quarter.
For the second straight year, the Chargers were playing perhaps their final game in San Diego.
Chargers chairperson Dean Spanos has until Jan. 15 to decide whether to move the team to the Los Angeles area and join the Rams in a stadium scheduled to open in Inglewood in 2019. A Chargers-written ballot measure seeking $1 billion in hotel occupancy taxes to help fund a new downtown stadium was soundly defeated on Nov. 8.
Last year, Spanos was in the process of trying to move the team to Carson to share a stadium with the rival Raiders. That plan was defeated by fellow NFL owners in January, but Spanos was given the option to move to L.A. if they couldn't come up with a way to replace aging Qualcomm Stadium.
The Rolling Stones' "The Last Time" played on the PA during a break in the action after a Chiefs field goal made it 37-20 late in the game.
MCCOY FIRED
About an hour after the game, the Chargers fired McCoy after a second-straight last-place finish and a third straight season out of the playoffs. They were 27-37 in four seasons, with the Chargers having lost 23 of their last 32 games. They've also lost 13 of their last 14 AFC West games dating to late in the 2014 season. They had one year left on their contract.
GATESY
Chargers tight end Antonio Gates tied Tony Gonzalez for the most touchdown catches in NFL history by a tight end with 111.
Gates tied the mark on a 2-yard pass toss from Rivers early in the second quarter to give the Chargers a 10-3 lead. Gates caught the ball and extended it in their right hand to break the plane.
Gonzalez spent their first 12 seasons of their career with the Chiefs before finishing with the Atlanta Falcons.
The Chargers tried to get Gates sole possession of the record in the fourth quarter but Rivers overthrew them on second-and-goal from the 11 and then Gates couldn't hold onto a third-down pass in double coverage. The Chargers settled for a field goal from Josh Lambo to cut the Chiefs' lead to 34-20.
Late in the game, Rivers threw a 12-yard TD pass to San Diego's other tight end, wide-open rookie Hunter Henry.
RIVERS PICKOFFS
Rivers was intercepted twice to set a career high with 21. They were picked off by Marcus Peters in the second quarter to set up Smith's TD pass to West, and was picked off in the end zone on the next possession by Marcus Peters to set up Cairo Santos' 25-yard field goal for a 20-10 halftime lead.
Rivers' previous high was 20 in 2011.
BOSA
Chargers rookie defensive end Joey Bosa dropped Smith in the first quarter, giving them 10 ½ sacks in 12 games. Bosa missed all training camp in a nasty contract dispute with the Spanos family and then injured a hamstring, costing them the first four games of the season. They missed the season-opening loss at Kansas City, when the Chargers blew a 27-10 fourth-quarter lead and lost 33-27 in overtime.
INJURIES: Chiefs S Eric Berry left with an ankle injury in the second half. For the Chargers, safety Darrell Stuckey left with a knee injury, linebacker Christopher Landrum suffered a concussion and guard Orlando Franklin had a shoulder injury.
This is it. This is the year 49ers CEO Jed York fulfills their destiny and establishes themselves as the worst owner in the NFL.
The early signs are there. He's already made the irrational decision to fire Chip Kelly, who was given an Arena League roster to work with and asked to work miracles they were unable to pull off in just one season. And during the press conference following the move, York said something that we all know but is better left unsaid.
Via The Mercury News:
At one point, York was asked why they aren't being dismissed. “I own this football team. You don't dismiss owners,” York said. “I'm sorry that's the facts and that's the case, but that's the fact and I'm going to do everything I can to get this right. This isn't about doing everything we can to make money. It's about building a championship culture.”
Based on the last few years, the best thing York could do to “get this right,” is to take step back and let people who know more about football take control. Obviously, that's not going to happen in San Francisco anytime soon.
And York's family may own the team, but it's the job York has done as CEO that has been scrutinized. By making these comments, York has essentially confirmed what 49ers fans have long thought: They won't hold themselves accountable for their own failures as a decision-maker.
The most recent issue of Small Axe features a special section, “The Jamaican 1960s.” This section prompts contributors to rethink the cultural-political historiography of Jamaica, as well as question the normative narrative of the making of modern Jamaica.
The revisionary historiographic starting point of the section is the 1960s. Contributors revisit this decade through varied forms of analysis, considering topics from Creole Nationalism to radical skepticism in the 1960s Jamaican fiction to post-1952 U.S. foreign policy's effect on local and colonial perceptions of people's struggles for sovereignty. The impetus of these essays is not to find fault with the older paradigm but to explore, provisionally and experimentally, how or to what extent this paradigm is helpful in illuminating contemporary Jamaica. The essays themselves grew out of a symposium organized around the theme of the Jamaican 1960s held at the University of Miami in October 2015.
Read the introduction to the section, “On the Very Idea of the Making of Modern Jamaica,” by David Scott, made freely available.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Cassandra Adkison and Dylan Layne, of Hartsville, announce the birth of their daughter, Anastasia Belle Adkison, on Aug. 4 at Tennova Healthcare-Lebanon.
Anastasia weighed 5 pounds, 15 ounces and was 18-inches long. Them grandparents are Mark and Tammy Layne and Michelle Key, all of Hartsville.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
RAIL FARES HIKE 'ANOTHER KICK IN THE TEETH'
The annual rise in rail fares has been described by public transport campaigners as "another kick in the teeth" for passengers.
The average increase across Britain of 2.3% came into force on Monday morning, although the figure varies between operators, with fares on Virgin Trains East Coast services up by 4.9%.
The overall rise is the highest since January 2014, when fares increased by 2.8%.
MANHUNT CONTINUES FOR ISTANBUL NIGHTCLUB GUNMAN
A massive manhunt is under way to track down the man who gunned down New Year's Eve revellers at a popular Istanbul nightclub, killing at least 39 people, most of them foreigners.
Nearly 70 more people were wounded in the atrocity at the Reina club in the city's Ortakoy neighbourhood.
The gunman, armed with a long-barrelled weapon, killed a police officer and a civilian outside the club at around 1.15am local time before entering and firing at people partying inside.
GEORGE MICHAEL'S BOYFRIEND DENIES SENDING DEATH TWEETS
George Michael's boyfriend has denied sending tweets speculating about the cause of the pop superstar's death and said their Twitter account was hacked.
A recent series of messages appearing on Fadi Fawaz's now-closed account made reference to the 53-year-old musician having a history of self-harm.
But Mr Fawaz told the Mirror they did not send the tweets, which were later deleted, and described it as frightening to see them on their account.
SEVEN-DAY GP SERVICE WOULD HIT WEEKDAY CARE - ROYAL COLLEGE CHIEF
A routine seven-day doctor service is "unrealistic" and could have a serious effect on weekday care, Britain's leading GP has said.
Professor Helen Stokes-Lampard, chairperson of the Royal College of General Practitioners (RCGP), said most GPs were working "at the limits of what is safe", with a number failing to keep pace with patient demand.
Making GPs available at the weekend would reduce the availability of doctors to provide patient care during the week, they said.
GOVERNMENT APPROVES FIRST WAVE OF NEW GARDEN VILLAGES
The first wave of garden villages planned to create tens of thousands of new homes in England have been given the go-ahead.
Ministers have backed 14 bids across the country that will develop new communities with between 1,500 and 10,000 properties.
Larger scale garden towns in Aylesbury, Bucks, Taunton in Somerset and Harlow and Gilston, on the Essex-Herts border, have also been signed off by the Government.
UNITE LEADERSHIP HOPEFUL WARNS AGAINST IMMIGRATION 'BETRAYAL' IN BREXIT TALKS
Workers will feel "betrayed" if Britain does not take control of its borders after it quits the European Union, the challenger vying to take over the country's biggest trade union will warn.
Gerard Coyne said the Government should "not even begin to negotiate" over immigration as it attempts to thrash out a Brexit settlement.
The warning from the leadership candidate, who is vying to oust Len McCluskey, one of Jeremy Corbyn's closest allies, as general secretary of Unite, comes as Labour divisions continue to rage over freedom of movement.
LABOUR URGED TO PURSUE COALITION WITH 'ALMOST NO CHANCE' OF WINNING MAJORITY
Labour has almost no chance of winning a majority at the next general election and so must try to gain enough seats to form a centre-left coalition with other parties, according to analysis by a think tank.
The Fabian Society, which is strongly associated with the New Labour movement led by Tony Blair, said it is unthinkable that the party will win enough votes to govern alone.
Its analysis of polling and election data suggests that Labour is likely to win between 140 and 200 big city and ex-industrial constituencies on as little as 20% of the vote, which would be a further retreat from the 231 seats it currently holds.
FIVE MEN HELD AFTER GIRL KILLED IN HIT-AND-RUN
Police are questioning five men after two girls were mown down in a hit-and-run incident, leaving one dead and the other fighting for their life in hospital.
Cousins Helina Kotlarova, 12, and Zaneta Krokova, 11, were holding hands and crossing the road when they were hit by a black VW Golf in Oldham, Greater Manchester.
The girls had just come out of a shop near their homes when they were struck in Ashton Road at around 7.15pm on New Year's Eve.
ICE WARNING AS NEW YEAR BEGINS WITH COLD SNAP
Parts of the UK will be gripped by icy conditions as a cold snap kicks off 2017.
A "yellow" weather warning for ice has been issued for Scotland, Northern Ireland, the North and the East Midlands, the Met Office said.
Icy patches are likely to form on roads and pavements as temperatures dip below freezing on Monday.
DUCHESS OF CAMBRIDGE GIVEN ROYAL PHOTOGRAPHIC SOCIETY HONORARY MEMBERSHIP
The Duchess of Cambridge has accepted a lifetime honorary membership of the Royal Photographic Society.
Kate, who is an accomplished amateur photographer, is the latest royal to be associated with the educational charity, which promotes photography and supports photographers.
They bucked tradition by becoming the first member of the royal family to take the first official photographs of a royal baby when they released pictures of their newborn daughter Princess Charlotte in 2015.
Sidewalks along Houston and Lamar streets in Sherman will be getting a much-needed makeover. (KTEN)
SHERMAN, Texas -- Sherman is getting ready to work on Phase II of the city's streetscapes project.
The goal is to create a more pedestrian-friendly downtown district.
"There is so much happening downtown right now, and this is just going to make people more aware," said Karen Tooley of Downtown Sherman NOW.
Phase I of the project was completed in 2015 by updating and repairing sidewalks around the Grayson County Courthouse. Now workers will will focus on sidewalks along Houston and Lamar streets after receiving a grant from the Texas Department of Transportation.
"It will create 10-foot sidewalks in the part of Sherman that didn't have it before," city spokesperson Nate Strauch explained. "That should open up new areas of transportation for bicycles, walkers, runners... all kinds of non-vehicle transportation."
Another hoped-for benefit of the $361,000 project is to boost business at downtown shops.
"We think this is going to be a great project for them once it's done, hopefully by the end of summer, beginning of fall," Strauch said.
They added that this project has been a long time coming for the city.
"We talk about how downtown is really the heart of the city," Strauch said. "Of course you have the town center, but nothing compares to the unique boutiques and restaurants downtown."
Sherman plans to start pouring concrete in about six weeks. Sidewalks on Lamar Street between Walnut and Throckmorton streets; and on Houston Street between Montgomery and Throckmorton streets will be upgraded.
(CBS Local) – Gun owners around the country are blowing up expensive coolers after the NRA accused outdoor lifestyle company Yeti of joining a nationwide boycott of the gun-rights organization.
According to a letter from Marion P. Hammer of the NRA's Institute for Legislative Action, Yeti has cut ties with the NRA and is refusing to do business with the NRA Foundation or offer discounts to members. “YETI should be ashamed. They have declined to continue helping America's young people enjoy outdoor recreational activities,” Hammer claims in the April 20 statement.
In response to the news, NRA members and supporters have begun taking their frustrations out on the company's hottest item: outdoor coolers. In a number of online videos boycotting Yeti, gun owners are seen destroying the expensive containers by loading them with explosives and shooting them. “This Yeti ain't ready,” South Carolina resident Bryan Atkinson declared before obliterating theirs cooler.
The pricey coolers reportedly cost anywhere between $250 and $1,300; making a discount on Yeti camping and hunting gear very helpful to consumers. “If Yeti can't stand behind the NRA, I ain't standing behind Yeti no more,” Atkinson added in a Facebook post.
Yeti is disputing the NRA's claims that they've joined a boycott against pro-gun Americans. “Yeti notified the NRA Foundation, as well as a number of other organizations, that we were eliminating a group of outdated discounting programs,” the company wrote in a statement posted to Facebook. The outdoor lifestyle supplier added that they're offering business partners like the NRA alternative programs and called claims that Yeti was turning their backs on young gun owners untrue.
Several organizations including airlines and rental car companies have cut ties with the National Rifle Association in the wake of the deadly Parkland, Florida school shooting which killed 17 people in February. Since the shooting, many Americans have lashed out at the NRA for their stance on assault rifles and lobbying efforts against tighter gun laws.
Although Yeti says that their policy change on discounts is not related to the boycott, the decision was made less than two months after groups began to cut ties with the pro-gun group. Bank of America joined the movement in mid-April when the company announced that it would no longer lend money to companies which produce assault-style weapons for civilians.
Wild bees, such as bumblebees, don't get as much love as honeybees, but they should. They play just as crucial a role in pollinating many fruits, vegetables, and wildflowers, and compared to managed colonies of honeybees, they're in much greater jeopardy.
A group of scientists in the United Kingdom decided to look at how bumblebee queens are affected by some widely used and highly controversial pesticides known as neonicotinoids. What they found isn't pretty.
Neonics, as they're often called, are applied as a coating on the seeds of some of the most widely grown crops in the country, including corn, soybeans, and canola. These pesticides are "systemic" — they move throughout the growing plants. Traces of them end up in pollen, which bees consume. Neonicotinoid residues also have been found in the pollen of wildflowers growing near fields and in nearby streams.
The scientists, based at Royal Holloway University of London, set up a laboratory experiment with bumblebee queens. They fed those queens a syrup containing traces of a neonicotinoid pesticide called thiamethoxam, and the amount of the pesticide, they say, was similar to what bees living near fields of neonic-treated canola might be exposed to.
Bumblebee queens exposed to the pesticide were 26 percent less likely to lay eggs, compared to queens that weren't exposed to the pesticide. The team published their findings in the journal Nature Ecology and Evolution.
"Without the queen laying eggs, there is no colony," says Nigel Raine, one of the scientists who conducted the experiment. Raine helped start the experiment, but has since moved to the University of Guelph in Canada.
According to Raine and their colleagues, the reduction in reproduction is so large that wild bumblebee populations exposed to these chemicals could enter a spiral of decline and eventually die out.
"To me, based on the data we have, it seems like quite a big impact," Raine says.
But they say scientists don't know how harmful the pesticide exposure is in the wild, compared to other perils the bees face, such as disappearing wildflowers that bees rely on for food. "I don't think we have a really good handle on how important, say, nutrition limitation is — if they can't find the right flowers. Or parasite loads. I'd say [neonic exposure] is important and significant, but other factors may be important and significant, too," they say.
The results are likely to strengthen calls for further restrictions on use of the pesticides. The European Union imposed a temporary moratorium on use of neonicotinoid pesticides on many crops in 2013, and is now considering proposals to make that moratorium permanent. Pesticide companies and some farmers are fighting those restrictions. They argue that the moratorium has led to lower yields of canola and an increase in spraying of other pesticides to fight insects that previously were controlled by neonicotinoid coatings on seeds.
AP: Probe of our Nazi ties shows we acted 'forthrightly' The Associated Press has conducted an in-depth review of its operations in Nazi Germany, concluding the news agency acted as “forthrightly and independently as possible.” But the review also found...
Pence blasts AP for posting wife's email address, says they support free press Vice President Pence said the White House fully supports the First Amendment but also warned the media that “with freedom comes responsibility.” “The President and I support the freedom of...
Bernie says the AP twisted their 'messy' convention prediction Bernie Sanders stole a media-bashing page out of Donald Trump's playbook and insisted they were quoted out of context in forecasting a “messy” Democratic National Convention this summer. Sanders told...
Associated Press cooperated with Nazi propaganda machine The Associated Press news agency formally cooperated with the Hitler regime in the 1930s — providing US newspapers with material produced by the Nazi propaganda machine, a German historian has...
Muslim woman sues Associated Press over photo taken of them in hijab A Muslim woman from Queens is suing the Associated Press over a photograph that was taken of them wearing a hijab– because the unauthorized image was later included in a...
The video of revelers cheering 9/11 that no one got to see If Donald Trump believes they saw videos of revelers celebrating after the Sept. 11 attacks that in fact never were broadcast, he's in large company. Many of us believe we...
Lackey outpitches Lester as Cardinals blank Cubs ST. LOUIS — John Lackey lived up to their reputation as a pitcher who craves the ball in October, helping the Cardinals cool off the upstart Cubs. Lackey outpitched old...
AP sues over access to FBI records on fake news story WASHINGTON — The Associated Press sued the US Department of Justice Thursday over the FBI's failure to provide public records related to the creation of a fake news story used...
The AP's new smear of law enforcement Good news: The FBI is doing its job — watching out for bad guys and even using undercover aircraft to do it. That's the upshot of a new report by...
With 2017 now upon us, the Brooklyn Nets move on from December, which included a particularly tough back-to-back, to January, which will include four back-to-backs.
In December, the Brooklyn Nets had to take on the Cleveland Cavaliers and Golden State Warriors in a back-to-back which one wouldn't wish on their worst enemy.
Want your voice heard? Join the Nothin' But Nets team!
While the opponents of that back-to-back were tough — arguably the best teams in the NBA — the Nets were able to take a bit of solace in the fact that it was the only back-to-back of the month of December.
January, by comparison, is packed full of back-to-backs.
The Nets open the new year in the unenviable position of having four back-to-backs in the month of January. First, the Nets will take on the Pacers in Indiana, followed by the Cavaliers in Brooklyn on January 5-6.
More from Nothin' But Nets
One week later, the Nets will embark on their second back-to-back of the month, as Brooklyn hosts the Pelicans, and then travels North of the border to take on the Raptors on January 12-13.
Eight days after facing the Pelicans in Brooklyn, the Nets will travel to New Orleans to face the Pelicans once again. The January 20 matchup is the beginning of yet another back-to-back. While the prior two back-to-backs will have been split between home and away games, this is the first of two back-to-backs in the month featuring two straight road games. After facing New Orleans on January 20, Brooklyn will travel to Charlotte, to take on the Hornets on January 21.
MUST READ: 2017 New Year's Resolutions
Finally, on January 27, the Nets will begin their final back-to-back of the month, as the Nets travel to Cleveland to take on the Cavaliers once again. Brooklyn will wrap up the latter portion of the final back-to-back of the month by traveling to Minnesota to take on the Timberwolves on January 28.
As if four back-to-backs weren't bad enough, the Nets also face multiple tough matchups outside of their back-to-backs.
Before the New Orleans-Toronto back-to-back, the Nets host the Atlanta Hawks on January 10. On January 15 and 17, the Nets host the Rockets and Raptors, respectively.
Also, while it's not on a back-to-back, the Nets will host the Spurs on January 23, before their Cleveland-Minnesota back-to-back later that week.
If there is one favorable aspect of the schedule in January for the Nets, it's that Brooklyn will have nine home games, compared to seven games on the road. The Nets own a dreadful 1-16 record on the road this season, with their only road win coming at Phoenix on November 12. On the other hand, seven of Brooklyn's eight wins have come at home.
This article originally appeared on
Author: John Mannah: Sierra Leone Telegraph: 19 March 2018:
It is an empirical fact that the progressive movement has always been part of the Sierra Leonean political, governmental and economic systems. As such, they have always weighed in, spoken up with pragmatism on the ills and challenges that plague the country. They provide practical solutions at strategic and timely moments in the country's history. And one of those key moments in the country's history is now.
The forthcoming run-off election is one of those strategic moments for Sierra Leone's progressives to step up to the challenge and deliver one more time for the desperate people of Sierra Leone.
Among the prominent progressives who have delivered for Sierra Leone at moments like this is the late president Ahmed Tejan Kabbah, who as president helped turn the fortunes of Sierra Leone, by ending the rebel war and restore constitutional governance to the country.
The late Ahmed Tejan Kabbah drew upon their international goodwill and restored the economy to near full employment. They rebuilt institutions – NASSIT, NRA, PPRC. They brought fiscal sanity to the Sierra Leone Treasury and broke the back of the run-away inflation that plagued the country throughout the 1990s.
Perhaps President Tejan Kabbah's greatest achievement and contribution to the Sierra Leone experiment, is the de-tribalization of the country's polity and social system. The late Tejan Kabbah was indeed a modern Sierra Leonean progressive who has left an imprint on the political landscape.
The other Sierra Leonean progressive who has contributed immensely to Sierra Leone's political and legal system is Lawyer Charles Francis Margai. Lawyer Margai is best known for the formation of the Peoples Movement for Democratic Change (PMDC) that supported Ernest Bai Koroma in 2007 to win the run-off elections against the SLPP candidate Solomon Ekuma Berewa.
There was a lot of hue and cry over the decision of Charles Margai pitching tent with Ernest Bai Koroma of the APC then. But nonetheless, Charles went ahead and supported Ernest Koroma to win the 2007 elections against the SLPP – their patriarchal political party.
The course of Sierra Leonean progressivism took a paradigm shift, when Dr. Kandeh Kolleh Yumkella entered the political fray in 2017, towards the March 2018 elections.
As an empiricist, avid thinker and intellectual, Dr Yumkella decided to turn to what they know best: research to observe. They examined the reasons why a country so resource rich can be so poor.
Standing on the shoulders of academic giants who came before him, Dr. Yumkella decided to examine the socio-economic challenges facing Sierra Leone through the theoretical lens of the great thinkers in sociology, philosophy, history and economics. Thinkers like Hobbes, Durkheim, Weber, Marx and American progressives who led the progressive movement that freed the slaves, gave voting rights to women and more.
The issues of abject poverty in the midst of plenty, inequitable distribution of the national wealth, raw injustice and corruption going on in Sierra Leone that shocked the conscience of Dr. Kandeh Yumkella, are the same issues that motivated sociologists like Hobbes who looked at society and did not like what they saw, and therefore started asking questions, what all sociologists call the Hobbesian question of order.
Hobbes wanted to know what holds society together. Why doesn't society fall apart? Every contemporary sociological question stems from that question which Hobbes asked several centuries ago.
As Hobbes, Durkheim and Webber found out, the social order that holds society together come from respecting the laws, norms and conventions of a country. It starts with respect for the Constitution. More so, those who hold executive office such as the presidency, who have taken an oath to protect and defend the Constitution, have a moral obligation to do so and govern by it.
Karl Marx joined the ranks of Hobbes, Durkheim and Webber to ask the same questions in Industrial Europe, especially England where they lived during the Industrial Revolution. Karl Marx went into the factories in Industrial England and investigated the working conditions of poor people who worked 18-20 hours a day in factories without windows and proper ventilations. They saw the horrible living conditions of children. They went into the neighborhoods, looked at government documents, inquiries, court cases and described what industrial England was like during this period in Kapital Volumes 1, 2, and 3.
These are the same conditions if not worse, that 70 percent of Sierra Leoneans and their children are living in today, under the Koroma government, while many of their tribesmen, family members and friends bask in opulence that has shocked the conscience of Sierra Leoneans and the world.
These are the conditions that precipitated the worsening of the Ebola epidemic that devastated Sierra Leone more than Guinea and Liberia, neighboring countries where the outbreak started.
Therefore, Dr. Kandeh Kolleh Yumkella upon seeing these horrible socio-economic conditions in Sierra Leone had no choice but to start asking the same questions.
They wanted to find out what was responsible for the depravity, and abject poverty plaguing the country. Like Marx, they looked at government documents; inquiries, parliamentary proceedings and the arbitrary drive by night nature in which bills were passed and signed into law in Sierra Leone. They looked at cabinet papers like the White Paper produced by the Cabinet that watered down the recommendations of the Constitutional Review Committee's to reflect present day realities in Sierra Leone and could not believe what they saw.
They asked questions like why Sierra Leoneans have resorted to looking for food in dumpsters – rotten chickens in Bumeh. What is responsible for the high mortality rate in Sierra Leone, the high drop-out rate of school going children, the absence of safe drinking water and toilets in schools in the country?
They found out that corruption, injustice and abuse of power by the government was wholly responsible for these horrible conditions Sierra Leoneans are living in today.
Yumkella's answer to addressing these problems, was the formation of the National Grand Coalition (NGC) to seek the mandate of the people through the ballot box and change the conditions of the Sierra Leonean people.
The NGC may not have garnered the requisite votes to be in the run-off, but the change message that Dr. Yumkella so vehemently fought for, won the hearts of the people, and is presently on the ballot against the APC and its message of continuity.
Dr. Yumkella should therefore continue to lead the progressive movement and work for change by supporting the SLPP to win the run-off next Tuesday, 27 March 2018.
Should Yumkella choose to do nothing and stay neutral against the poor governance record of the APC, the disastrous conditions that have blighted the lives of the people of Sierra Leone will sadly continue.
The NGC should join forces with C4C, progressives in the APC, the PMDC, the RUFP, NURFP, and all forward-thinking Sierra Leoneans who want change in Sierra Leone, to elect the SLPP into power and form a Unity Government that will usher in positive social change in Sierra Leone.
Author: John Mannah: Sierra Leone Telegraph: 19 March 2018.
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
That fashion designer Neha Kapur Nayyar, a former Miss India who is married to actor Kunal Nayyar, known for their role as Rajesh Koothrappali on “The Big Bang Theory,” has quite the eye for real estate.
Their Los Angeles home was showcased this month in Architectural Digest.
During Fashion Week, Neha also showed their latest collection at 20 Sullivan St., a 25-foot-wide, five-bedroom townhouse designed by architect Cary Tamarkin for Property Markets Group and Madison Equities.
The collection was not a formal showing — it was by appointment during Fashion Week for fashion writers and buyers. They used the formal living room on the second floor and the salon on the main floor of the five-story townhouse.
“It was a fantastic home in which to show the collection because both are very contemporary and wonderful for entertaining at home,” our spy said.
The show took place inside this newly constructed 6,353-square-foot home, which includes a private elevator, a media room, a garden and a roof terrace — along with a private parking spot.
There's also a dramatic curved staircase as well as an elevator, gas fireplaces, steel-cased windows, a formal dining room and a master bedroom suite with a fireplace.
Compass brokers Leonard Steinberg and Maryanne Farrell have listed the home for $14.99 million.
That's down slightly from its $15 million asking price earlier this year with a different brokerage firm.
With the Trump administration vowing to tighten rules for skilled workers entering the United States, India's software services companies are worried. Indian IT giants outsource tens of thousands of tech specialists to the United States each year, and limiting the visa program that brings them in could disrupt their multibillion-dollar industry.
Congress and the White House have targeted what is arguably the most coveted of U.S. visas: the H1-B. It's "a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer," explains Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell University immigration law professor.
Yale-Loehr says that with the economy picking up, the program is in particularly big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. filed 236,000 petitions that went into a lottery for just 85,000 H1-B visas, the legal cap. The bulk of the winners: Indian computer specialists, many of them graduates of U.S. universities.
Yale-Loehr says that places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent, but that the United States doesn't.
"We have to shoehorn high-tech workers into categories like the H1-B, and it's getting more difficult every year," they say.
For many H1-B holders, the temporary work visa — issued for a maximum of six years-- has been a stepping stone to obtaining a green card. That grants permanent residence in the U.S., and in turn provides a path to citizenship.
But newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H1-B program.
Indian software services firms last year earned 60 percent of their $108 billion in export revenues from the U.S. Their executives will travel to Washington this month to lobby against measures that take aim at one of India's most successful industries.
One bill proposes more than doubling the minimum wage of H1-B holders, which by law is set at $60,000. Critics argue the H1-B has been misused to displace American workers, and that there has been an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheaper.
Shailesh Chitnis, with the data mining and analysis company Compile, says that while the median salary for all H1-B holders is $71,000, most but not all Indian outsourcers pay below that. If they had to double salaries, Chitnis says, Indian IT companies would have to change their 20-year-old business model.
"Because these organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs — it would simply be too expensive," they say. "They'll have to look at some other alternatives."
But Shevendra Singh with India's National Association of Software Services Companies, or NASSCOM, refutes allegations that Indian companies are dislocating American workers or supplying low-paid labor. Singh says there is demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent because of a severe shortage of qualified Americans with degrees in science, technology, engineering and math.
"The crux of the issue is the STEM skill shortage in the U.S.," Singh says.
In its 2012 report, the U.S. president's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that "fewer than 40-percent of students who enter college intending to major in a STEM field complete a STEM degree." The council concluded that in the next decade, economic forecasts point to a need to produce "approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions."
R. Chandrashekhar, president of NASSCOM, says that if the skills aren't available in the U.S. — and companies can't bring workers in — the jobs either won't get done or they will go out of the country and be done remotely.
"Talent has become more important than investment or trade," they say. "And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing."
Chandrashekhar notes that the intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley, and says protectionist impulses could weaken the United States, and what makes it unique.
"America is No. 1," Chandrashekhar says. "What has really helped them to rise, absolutely, to the top, is that they have attracted talent from across the world. ... It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through."
Immigration expert Yale-Loehr, co-author of a 21-volume treatise on immigration law, agrees that the United States faces a crisis in maintaining its innovative and competitive edge, and says it should be inviting more, not less, IT talent to its shores.
"In a globalized economy, the best and the brightest want to work in the best places — and if they're unable work in the United States, or it takes too long or is too difficult, they'll find a place in Canada or Europe or India where their talents can be appreciated," they say.
If implemented, Yale-Loehr says the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H1-B program but likely have no direct, immediate impact.
However, they say "it sends a strong signal that we no longer like foreign workers — we're all about only U.S. workers."
That, Yale-Loehr says, is eventually going to hurt the U.S.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
In India, tech companies are worried that the Trump administration is preparing to limit visas for foreign skilled workers. A huge number of those visas called H-1Bs are held by Indians, but Congress and the White House say the program could be a threat to American jobs. From New Delhi, NPR's Julie McCarthy has more.
JULIE MCCARTHY, BYLINE: In the alphabet soup of U.S. visas, the H-1B is arguably the most coveted.
STHEPHEN YALE-LOEHR: An H-1B visa is a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer.
MCCARTHY: Cornell immigration law professor Stephen Yale-Loehr says the program is in big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring high-skilled workers to the states filed 236,000 petitions that went to a lottery that drew just 85,000 H-1B visas. The bulk of the winners - Indian computer specialists, many graduates from U.S. universities. Yale-Loehr says places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent.
YALE-LOEHR: We don't, and so we have to shoehorn those high-tech workers into existing categories like the H-1B. And it's getting more difficult every year.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
Newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H-1B program. The stakes are high for Indian IT firms. Using H-1Bs, they earn tens of billions of dollars each year outsourcing tech talent to the U.S. One bill proposes doubling the minimum wage of H-1B holders.
Critics say there's an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheap. Analyst Shailesh Chitnis says if the median salary for all H-1B holders is $71,000, several - not all - Indian outsourcers pay slightly below that. And if they had to double salaries, they say Indian IT companies would have to change their business model.
SHAILESH CHITNES: These organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs. It would simply be too expensive. They'll have to look at some other alternatives.
MCCARTHY: India's IT executives refute allegations that Indians are displacing American workers. There is a demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent, they argue, because of a severe shortage of Americans with degrees in science, engineering and math. The president of the group representing Indian software services companies, R. Chandrashekhar, says talent has become more important than investment or trade.
R. CHANDRASHEKHAR: And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing.
MCCARTHY: Chandrashekhar notes that intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley and says protectionist impulses would weaken the U.S. and what makes it unique.
CHANDRASHEKAR: America is number one. What has really helped them to rise absolutely to the top is that they have attracted talent from across the world, from every corner of the world. And that's what has made them who they are. It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through.
MCCARTHY: Immigration expert Stephen Yale-Loehr says if implemented, the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H-1B program and likely have no direct immediate impact.
YALE-LOEHR: But it sends a strong signal that we'd no longer like foreign workers. We're all about only U.S. workers. That is eventually going to hurt us.
MCCARTHY: Indian IT executives travel to Washington this month to lobby against the measures that take aim at one of India's most competitive businesses. Julie McCarthy, NPR News, New Delhi. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
By Lisa Wallace, The Canadian Press
OTTAWA -- The Ottawa Senators learned the hard way that Alex Ovechkin is as good as ever.
Ovechkin scored a hat trick Thursday night as their Washington Capitals beat the Ottawa Senators 5-4 in a shootout to open their respective seasons.
"You give star players like that time and space, and especially Ovechkin with that shot, he's going to score," said Mark Stone, who had two goals for Ottawa .
The Senators felt they played well enough, but admitted a few breakdowns was the difference.
"In the end it's three turnovers that cost us the game," said Ottawa coach Guy Boucher. "The three last goals we've got the puck and we basically give it back to them and they took advantage of it.
"Obviously when you've got a guy like Ovechkin on the other side taking advantage of it, it's bound to hurt you."
Evgeny Kuznetsov scored the shootout winner and had three assists for the Capitals (1-0-0). Brett Connolly also scored for Washington, while Braden Holtby made 28 saves.
Derick Brassard, who missed all of the pre-season due to injury, had a goal and two assists. Chris Wideman also scored and Craig Anderson stopped 24 shots.
The Senators had an opportunity to win the game in overtime with a power play, but Holtby came up with a big shoulder save on Brassard.
"When you have a chance like that it's supposed to be in the back of the net," said Brassard. "We're supposed to win this game and we have to find a way and the next time it happens that we have a plan, and we did have a plan, but we have to execute and make sure it's in the net."
The third period featured an onslaught of goals after a quiet 40 minutes.
Leading 2-1 to start the third, the Senators took a two-goal lead after Bobby Ryan stripped the puck off Dmitry Orlov. Ryan fanned on a shot, but regained control of the puck and fed Brassard waiting out front.
The Capitals then went on to score twice in a span of 1:23 to tie the game 3-3.
Cody Ceci turned the puck over down low which allow Kuznetsov to find Ovechkin who roofed it. Shortly after, the Senators were unable to clear the puck and the same line was able to move the puck quickly to allow Ovechkin to score their second of the night.
"We needed someone to pick us up and that line picked us up," said Capitals coach Barry Trotz.
The Senators regained the lead 1:17 later than Stone, with their second of the night, tipped Dion Phaneuf's shot to make it 4-3. Not to be outdone, Ovechkin tied things back up to complete the hat trick.
Ottawa regained the lead six minutes into the second as Brassard showed great patience and held on to the puck long enough to find Stone who rifled it past Holtby. Brassard, Stone and Ryan combined for seven points.
The Senators opened the scoring six minutes into the first as Wideman's sharp angle shot fooled Holtby.
Matt Niskanen knocked the puck down to keep it at the point less than two minutes later and Connolly was able to beat Anderson with a bullet.
Senators captain Erik Karlsson didn't play Thursday's opener, but there is a chance they could return for Saturday's game against the Detroit Red Wings.
Ottawa defenceman Johnny Oduya didn't play the third period after leaving with a lower-body injury. The Senators had no update on Oduya, but don't expect it to be serious and said they could end up needing to recall someone for Saturday.
Prep school rape survivor is vindicated in the #MeToo era One day in February 2016, Chessy Prout, then 17, picked up an issue of Vanity Fair. The magazine had published a story about their rape case, in which they claimed...
Women are marrying trees to help save them Women in Mexico are going out on a limb to help save the forest. A group of female activists in Oaxaca, Mexico, held a mass marriage ceremony where they each...
Bahraini activist sent to prison for Twitter comments DUBAI – Prominent Bahraini rights activist Nabeel Rajab was sentenced to five years in prison on Wednesday after they were convicted over critical comments they allegedly made on Twitter about...
Florida massacre survivors plan gun control march in DC WASHINGTON – Student survivors of the horrifying Florida high school massacre have channeled their pain into political activism. The group of Parkland teens has announced a demonstration in Washington, D.C.,...
Rally held as immigrant activist granted deportation stay Hundreds celebrated the temporary stay of deportation for immigrant-rights activist Ravi Ragbir during a rally in Manhattan's Foley Square Saturday. “They want to make America white again,” Ragbir told a...
Immigrant-rights activist temporarily avoids deportation The feds have agreed to issue a temporary stay of deportation for immigrant-rights activist Ravi Ragbir, it was announced on Friday. Ragbir has been fighting deportation after they were arrested...
Black Lives Matter leader shot dead The Black Lives Matter leader known for diving over a barrier to snatch a Confederate flag from a protester on live TV last year was shot dead in New Orleans,...
Hong Kong approves ban on local ivory trading HONG KONG — Hong Kong lawmakers gave final approval on Wednesday to a government proposal banning local ivory trading in the Chinese territory by 2021. Lawmakers voted overwhelmingly in favor...
Cop put back on patrol for handling of immigrant activist protest A cop with the NYPD's elite Strategic Response Group has been kicked back to patrol for their role in the department's handling of a recent Manhattan protest that led to...
First Quarter Jan. 5 Full Moon Jan. 12 Last Quarter Jan. 19 New Moon Jan. 27
Climatological and precipitation information provided by the National Weather Service at 7 p.m. daily.
Sunday records
High temperature 41
High one year ago 28
Normal 33
Record: 1985 60
Low temperature 20
Low one year ago 24
Normal 18
Record: 1968 –13
Maumee stage 6.26 feet
Heating degree-days
The difference between the day's average temperature and a base of 65 degrees.
For Sunday 34
For January 34
Rainfall
For Sunday none
For January none (–0.08)
For the year none (–0.08)
Snowfall
For Sunday none
For January none (-0.3)
Since July 1 11.3 inches (0.4)
Skywatch
Sunrise 8:06 a.m.
Sunset 5:24 p.m.
Moonrise 10:48 a.m.
Moonset 10:02 p.m.
The councillors of Gympie Regional Council will consider the application tomorrow.
The councillors of Gympie Regional Council will consider the application tomorrow. Renee Albrecht
A SCRAP metal business which may be operating outside of approvals at East Deep Creek has applied to be made legal by Gympie Regional Council.
The change of use application, which is for metal recovery on the site (without a fragmentiser), is the latest step in a two year saga for applicants Greg and Jannett Corbet.
Originally running at Kilkivan, the recovery work was moved to its new base at Noosa Rd in 2014 after Gympie Regional Council found it to be in breach at the site.
Although the Noosa Rd business already has operations on it including a concrete batching plant, a transport depot and workshop, and a gardening and landscaping supplies outlet, questions were raised by the council over the legitimacy of metal recovery working at the back of the premises.
According to Plansmart director Mike Hartley, whose company has submitted the application, a maximum of 30 tonnes is handled on the site each day, with the metal entirely collected, brought to the site, sorted, and distributed by the operators.
Under the proposed change, the use of the land for the recovery work will be administered by the Department of Environment and Heritage.
No metal is processed, and the operations, which employ eight people, have been working on site for more than two years with no noise complaints.
Mr Hartley noted the Noosa Rd premises, which is surrounded by similarly zoned land, were "ideally located” for metal recovery.
The application is the latest step for the business in a long-running effort to expand work at the site.
Originally lodged in 2015, the Corbetts sought to have four areas of the site re-zoned from medium impact to high impact industry.
According to Mr Hartley, the intent was "to allow like-for-like high impact industries to establish at the location without the need to seek further development approvals each time a change in industry occurs”. The re-zoning would also include the metal recovery work.
Though council staff recommended refusal of the application at a December 2015 meeting, a decision was withheld until more information was provided.
It was again brought to councillors in May this year, and was once more recommended for refusal due to a lack of information.
However, at the applicants' request a decision was again withheld on the application.
The submission is open for comment until December 22.
A lawyer who contends Mark Carver was wrongly convicted of murdering UNC Charlotte student Ira Yarmolenko will appear before a judge Thursday to argue that the state has wrongly withheld evidence.
Chris Mumma, executive director of the N.C. Center for Actual Innocence, is seeking a new trial for Carver, arguing that their previous attorneys did not effectively represent him.
After the prosecution made its case in Carver's 2011 trial, the defense called no witnesses and presented no evidence. Carver, now 48, was convicted of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison.
At Thursday morning's hearing in Gaston County, Mumma says she'll argue that “the state has been unwilling to give us a lot of what we believe we're entitled to by law.”
Among the evidence that they said has not been turned over: electronic data from the DNA testing conducted in the case.
In a motion filed with the court last month, Mumma asked that prosecutors and law enforcement agencies involved in the case be ordered to turn over all evidence.
Gaston District Attorney Locke Bell could not be reached Monday afternoon. They have disputed all suggestions that Carver might be innocent
In a six-part series, “Death by the River,” The Charlotte Observer raised questions about Carver's guilt and mapped out the defense that they never got.
On May 5, 2008, Yarmolenko was found dead in Mount Holly, on the banks of the Catawba River. The 20-year-old woman was lying beside their car with three bindings around their neck - a drawstring from their hoodie, a bungee cord and a blue ribbon.
[READ MORE: Read the 6-part serial "Death by the River"]
Seven months later, police arrested Carver and Neal Cassada, two Gaston County men who were fishing near Yarmolenko the day they died.
Carver insists they didn't kill Yarmolenko – and that they didn't even see them or their car. They say they voluntarily spoke with police and allowed their cheeks to be swabbed for DNA testing. They repeatedly offered to take a polygraph, but was never given one. They were offered a deal to plead guilty to second-degree murder, which would have carried a prison sentence of eight to 14 years – but they turned it down.
Trace amounts of “touch DNA” were found on Yarmolenko's car that match both Carver and Cassada. The two men were then charged with first-degree murder.
Cassada died of a heart attack the day before their trial was set to begin.
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
0:41 What's next for Eastland Mall
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
1:35 Cautions for Lake Norman boaters who raft-up
Washington Capitals left wing Alex Ovechkin, of Russia, stands on the ice during practice Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Las Vegas. Game 2 of the Stanley Cup NHL hockey finals between the Capitals and the Vegas Golden Knights is scheduled for Wednesday. Ross D. Franklin AP Photo
MobileGo Token to Begin Trading on Bittrex Exchange Following Successful Crowdsale
This is a paid press release, which contains forward-looking statements, and should be treated as advertising or promotional material. Bitcoin.com does not endorse nor support this product/service. Bitcoin.com is not responsible for or liable for any content, accuracy or quality within the press release.
LOS ANGELES, CA–(Jun 12, 2017) – MobileGo (https://mobilego.io/), the new Ethereum ERC 20 token created to allow for smart contract technology and development within the Gamecredits Mobile Store (https://gamecredits.com/), today announced its MobileGo token ($MGO) will begin trading on the Bittrex Exchange Tuesday the 13th of June in the afternoon (PST) 2017.
MobileGo recently raised $53.07 million USD over a 30-day Token-CrowdSale, to fund its blockchain-based decentralized smart contract technology solutions for the gaming industry. MobileGo was the largest ever crowd-fund using digital currencies, which includes the number of participants (over 10k). Since the conclusion of MobileGo's successful crowdsale, the company has been working on final agreements with several big companies in Europe and Asia preparing to enter these markets full throttle.
“The Mobile token powers participation on the Gamecredits Mobile Store, and we're eager to exceed community expectations as we build and deliver on our concepts,” said MobilGo CEO
Bittrex.com, having turned 4 recently, is one of the oldest and most trusted Digital Currency trading platform on the planet. It has seen exponential user growth and trading volumes in the past six months.
“We've seen unprecedented growth in this sector and in our Business” Stated Bill Shihara, Co-founder and CEO. “We're assessing the industry and looking for top tier projects with real disruption potential”
Participation on the Gamecredits Mobile Store is incentivized by the $MGO token, a fundamental part of the Gamecredits Mobile Store, decentralized protocol and long-term roadmap. MobileGo will be focusing on the mobile gaming market as it is by far the fastest growing gaming market in the world. The gamification of the GameCredits Mobile store will be centered on MobileGo.
“We're pleased to be working with top leaders like Sergey Sholom and the team at MobileGo to bring the $MGO token to our platform this week” – stated Bill.
“MobileGo is very pleased to partner with a top tier Digital Asset Exchange like Bittrex. We believe this is a great strategic fit, allowing millions of users access to the $MGO token on a great platform, while allowing our team to focus on business development and marketing”
The $MGO token is issued on 2 different blockchains: Ethereum and Waves. The Bittrex listing is the Ethereum ERC20 compatible version and a “block swap” solution will be made available by MobileGo in 2 months time, allowing anybody to swap MGO tokens between one chain or the other.
Further, MobileGo token will help in the development of decentralized smart contract technological solutions for the gaming industry. MobileGo will function as the smart contract token required by GameCredits for the creation of these solutions within their mobile application.
The current roadmap of GameCredits will focus on three MobileGo development solutions:
1. A decentralized virtual marketplace
2. Decentralized Tournament functionality
3. Decentralized gamer to gamer match play
MobileGo will use smart contracts to allow gamers to buy/sell/trade in-game content without having to leave their application and without the fear of fraud or manipulation.
GameCredits also plans to develop a tournament system from which gamers will be able to create their own tournaments and prizes in which to participate. These tournaments will be based on smart contracts using the MobileGo token.
Moreover, the solutions by GameCredits are to be hosted within the game store application. This means that players will not have to play a game somewhere and then go to a separate application to participate in matches and tournaments. This will allow GameCredits to fully leverage the traffic to their application.
“The game industry is filled with great use cases for digital currencies. We have followed MobileGo, and believe they have a compelling concept,” said Bill Shihara, CEO of Bittrex. “Adding a unique cryptocurrency project with great community support is a no-brainer for Bittrex.”
ABOUT GAMECREDITS
GameCredits Inc. (https://gamecredits.com/) is an international, multi-cultural company bringing together experts from both the blockchain and gaming. The company has created the first crypto mobile gaming store. The Gamecredits Mobile Store is an android application that will host thousands of mainstream mobile games from across the world. The store will accept Gamecredits (GAME), an open source POW cryptocurrency, as its primary payment and transaction currency.
ABOUT BITTREX EXCHANGE
Bittrex (https://bittrex.com/) provides individuals and businesses a world-class experience in buying and selling cutting-edge cryptocurrencies and digital tokens. Based and fully regulated in the United States, Bittrex provides lightning-fast trade execution, stable wallets, and industry-best security practices. For more information, please visit: www.bittrex.com
Media Contact: info@mobilego.io
Mobile Go Twitter: @MobileGoIco
Media Contact: media@bittrex.com.
Bittrex Twitter: @BittrexExchange
This is a paid press release. Readers should do their own due diligence before taking any actions related to the promoted company or any of its affiliates or services. Bitcoin.com is not responsible, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any content, goods or services mentioned in the press release.
The post MobileGo Token to Begin Trading on Bittrex Exchange Following Successful Crowdsale appeared first on Bitcoin News.
This post was syndicated from Bitcoin News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
HBO/Eric Liebowitz(NEW YORK) — Last Week Tonight host John Oliver has taken Vice President Mike Pence to task in with a new “children's book,” Billboard reports.
The political commentator has spoofed a real kids book about the Pence family's bunny, Marlon Bundo's Day in the Life of the Vice President, with Oliver's own take, called, A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo. Making fun of VP Pence's views about homosexuality, Oliver's illustrated book, now available on PDF, portrays the bunny as gay.
Celebrities like Jim Parsons, Jesse Tyler Ferguson, RuPaul, Ellie Kemper, and John Lithgow will voice an audio book version. As of Monday morning, the book was topping Amazon's best sellers list.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Lagos, a state in South Western Nigeria boasts of a population of over 20 million people. It is reputed to be Nigeria's fastest growing city and the commercial nerve of the country. The state is not with violence and terrible clashes in some parts of...
Kids of the 90's know just how impactful the Goosebumps series was.
R.L. Stine's series of horror filled tales kept young readers enthralled and also scared them half to death. True fear was derived from horrifying characters such as Slappy the Dummy, The Masked Mutant, and Mr. Saur. Many of those legendary Goosebumps icons pop up for some new scary fun in a brand new mobile game – Goosebumps HorrorTown. That game is all about building and managing a town that thrives on terror. Check out this guide to figure out the best ways to keep your town's denizens in constant fear.
Here are the top 10 tips, tricks, and cheats you need to know for Goosebumps HorrorTown:
Download the Goosebumps HorrorTown APK here.
1. Upgrade Your Inventory
• Keep upgrading your inventory to increase inventory limits. To upgrade it, open it by tapping the crate icon at the top on the screen. A list of items will be shown in the bottom left corner that you need to obtain via animations or crafting. When you've obtained the required items, tap the “Upgrade” button to confirm the upgrade. Alternatively, you can use bills to purchase the required items for upgrading your inventory.
2. Play the Fortune Teller Mini-Game
• Reveal cards to unlock different rewards in the fortune teller mini-game once you've unlocked the fortune teller zone. If you find the lucky card you'll get the reward from every card, so visit it daily to reveal new cards! This mini-game can be accessed by tapping the “Cards” icon in the right corner of the screen and play the first card as the first one is always free.
3. Build Character's Houses
• Characters appear in the first three tabs of the market – Monsters, Heroes, and Neighbors. Select the character you want to place. Then place the house and wait out its construction time and you'll unlock a new character. Characters will appear around your town with an exclamation mark notification. This lets you know that it's now possible to play their story quests and unlock new ones to complete for more experience and coins.
4. Complete Treasure Deals!
• The treasure dealer will help you acquire Expansion Materials. These Items are required to expand to high level zones. You can access the treasure dealer by tapping the bell icon at the bottom of the screen or tapping the Treasure Dealer building. Complete the special orders for the requested items for random rewards. Alternatively, you can also use bills to purchase them to save time.
5. Unlock New Zones
• To unlock a new zone, you'll need to be at a certain level. New zones might expand your population limit, which in turn gives you a new scene or a new crafting building. It is recommended to first unlock the crafting building zones as they will provide you with new items and recipes to fulfill. Select the zone you want to unlock, then collect the items and coins requested to unlock it. Unlock every zone to make your HorrorTown even bigger and spookier!
6. Play Out Scenes
• Scenes are special buildings in the game that let you spawn Monsters to chase Humans! It is recommended to assign every monster to scenes to have more chances of getting special items to use in-game. When the monsters spawn, tap every scary face to get them to start chasing your human population. When the scene time is finished, it will drop a reward and the scene will go on cooldown. Wait out the requested time and then deploy it once again!
7. Go Social and Get Goosebumps Dollars for Free
• Claim free Goosebumps Dollars when you connect your account to Facebook for the first time. To connect your account to Facebook, tap the Social button, and then tap the Connect button on the bottom left and sign in to your Facebook. When you connect your Facebook for the first time, you'll instantly receive 25 free bills! You can also join the Facebook HorrorTown community to be up to date with contests and promotions – https://www.facebook.com/GoosebumpsHorrorTown/
8. Keep Crafting
• Keep crafting to clear up space within inventory and create higher value items to sell for more currency. Sader will always pay more for Crafted Items as well! Carefully manage your inventory to avoid the full inventory limit.
9. Visit the Pawn Shop
• Visit the Pawn Shop to win Coins and sell items in your inventory. Sell common items to make space and earn credits as those are easiest to obtain if you need those for crafting specials. Use the refresh button on items you don't need to sell right away to cycle through items that may help you!
10. Plan Out Your Actions Wisely
• Pay attention to all the different actions you can perform with your characters and how long each action takes. Make sure your characters start longer duration actions, log-out, and you'll receive big rewards when you come log back in the following day.
See Also
At 45, I'm a recovering addict: It's been four months since I uninstalled social-networking apps, three since I last posted on Facebook and two since I turned off all notifications on my smartphone. Before I started the detox program, I checked my phone about five times an hour. That's about three times as often as most people of my generation in the US. Now, I'm down to once an hour.
I think I got hooked because of my job. When I started out as a reporter in the late 1980s, you used your legs to get a story and teletype or dictation to file it from a remote location. It got progressively easier with e-mail, the Internet, search engines, social networks and mobile communication. I could follow developments in several countries through a network of Facebook friends; in Ukraine, politicians became so addicted to Facebook that it became almost pointless to talk to them.
In the US, much of the high-level political debate occurs on Twitter, thanks in no small part to its tweeter in chief. I told myself that maintaining accounts on every social network was necessary for work, but that was absurd: Most of these posts and videos were useless to me as a journalist.
I was submerged in the cozy haze of smartphone addiction, and it's hard to say how it differed from substance abuse. “Comfort kills, discomfort creates,” wrote Jean Cocteau in their personal account of opium detoxication.
So, like someone trying to wean themselves off a substance, I started experimenting with discomfort. That's when I lost the Facebook and Twitter apps, which were eating up most of my screen time. At first, I felt such acute deprivation that I had to open Facebook and Twitter in a browser. That was less convenient, and my phone use dropped a little, but I wasn't able to completely swear off Facebook for a few more weeks. FOMO — fear of missing out — ruined several mornings; I reverted to peeking for a couple of days, then forced myself to stop.
As Cocteau wrote, “I am not a detoxicated person proud of their effort. I am ashamed of having been chased out of this supernatural world after which health resembled a bad movie in which ministers inaugurate a statue.”
After having kicked opium, Cocteau still had alcohol and cocaine. I kept updating and reading Twitter, although I gradually cut down on arguing with people on it — that had been time-consuming and sometimes emotionally draining. Now, I'm down to 30 minutes of Twitter a day: That's enough for work.
We touch our smartphones — tap, click, swipe — more than 2,500 times a day. The reason we do it is that the phone constantly demands attention by sending us notifications. It does so every time someone wants to connect with us, every time something changes in an app, every time an artificially intelligent entity decides we need information.
Notifications have a barely veiled commercial purpose: Once we start playing with the phone, we're likely to open more apps, see more ads, buy more stuff.
It's relatively easy to retake control; I went into my phone's settings and banned every one of the 112 apps from sending notifications. Now, I only check my personal and corporate e-mail accounts, as well as two messenger apps, when I want to, not when my device wants me to. That means my friends must wait longer than they used to for a response. They haven't noticed — or at least they haven't commented on it. We overestimate the need for immediacy in communication.
Recovering addicts know it's impossible to be perfectly clean: Even if you don't use your favorite substance, you miss it. At the end of their opium essay, Cocteau wrote wistfully that perhaps “the young” might someday discover “a regime that would allow one to keep the benefits of the poppy” without getting addicted. That remains impossible for drugs but maybe not for smartphones.
As I stood in a chapel Cocteau designed in the hills above Frejus, France, I felt healthier, able to breathe easier, almost capable of relearning how to lose myself in the company of my beloved wife and children, who are, of course, fighting their own battles with gadget addiction. Perhaps our lives can be a little more like their pre-iPhone versions. If Cocteau could kick their habit, so can we.
© 2017, Bloomberg View
Homicides coverage Sunday: An analysis of the record year for homicides, including a locator map and brief description on each. Today: One woman whose family had two 2016 homicide victims shares their challenges of coping with the losses. Tuesday: The slaying of Jeffrey Lute was one of few homicides last year in which an arrest was made. For more details on homicides: go to http://www.jgdata.net/data/homicides
Dorothy Moore was home the day five police officers came to tell them that their son, Anton Javon Moore, had been killed.
The 30-year-old Fort Wayne man was found lifeless the morning of Oct. 19, their body lying in a ravine off the 6600 block of Fairfield Avenue.
Anton Moore was one of two people in the Moore family killed by gunfire in 2016, a year that claimed 48 lives, a homicide record in Allen County. Minutes after the discovery of their body, their girlfriend, Jaime Lynn Klein, also 30, was found stabbed to death in New Haven.
Ten weeks after their son's death, Dorothy Moore is still in shock, them gestures those of someone wrestling a great pain. Calm comes for a second and then leaves them
“I know I'm not the first one and I'm not going to be the last and it's OK,” they said. “But just seeing my baby in that coffin. … Who does that?”
It's a question they asked repeatedly during a recent interview at their south-side home. While they talk, they dig their hands deeper into the hands of two mainstays in their life.
Angela Martin, Anton's half sister, and Chandra “Potta” Pinkston, an aunt, hold them fast between the two of them, steadying them as they rock occasionally to one side. They are related to them through Anton's father, Ernest Craig, who died in 2010.
Anton, Pinkston said, was the image of their brother, Ernest Craig, with the same friendly, warm and generous personality. Anton made some bad choices and had been incarcerated, although their aunt says their incarceration was not recent.
But they were kind to a fault. If anyone had wanted something from him, they would have given it to them, Dorothy Moore insists.
Them loss has affected them to the point that Moore said their doctor ordered them to stop working. For 21 years, they have been a certified nursing assistant, taking care of other people, as they said.
Now they are fighting depression and takes medication. They admit they are drinking alcohol again, something they started five years ago when they found their boyfriend dead of an overdose. They had been clean after going through rehab recently, they said.
“I want to be OK because, at the end of the day, regardless of how I feel, Anton is not coming back,” Moore said. “But let me grieve right now. I'm a mama and I loved my baby.”
It wouldn't have been as bad if he'd died of natural causes, Moore said.
“I would have felt bad, but not this bad,” Moore said. “Nobody had a reason to just … kill him.”
Moore said they visit therapists and psychiatrists three times a week, but otherwise, they rarely leave the home she's owned for 11 years.
What they are going through isn't unusual.
“Gradually, inch by inch, you will find strength,” said Angela Presley, who founded Alonna's Song, a Facebook support group for mothers whose children have died. Presley lost their daughter, Alonna Allison, 17, in August 2015 when a stray bullet struck them at a bonfire party on Schaper Drive.
“Be surrounded by loved ones,” Presley counseled in answer to a Journal Gazette inquiry. “I was lucky. I didn't move for three months. My mom took care of me.”
The morning Moore's son was found, another gruesome discovery was made in New Haven. Their girlfriend, Klein, had been stabbed multiple (Moore says it was 62) times at their home on Hartzell Road.
Klein's 5-year-old daughter was there when their mother was killed, Moore said. As bad as they feel about their own loss, they said they feel even worse for that little girl.
Them son wasn't Moore's only loss in 2016. Not even a month before Anton's death, their brother, Robert “Bobby” Moore, 55, was shot dead. They were killed Sept. 20 around11 p.m. as they stood on their sister's porch on Avondale Drive with their brother, Charles, and Charles' girlfriend.
Kahmarri Spencer, 18, and Trevon Sullivan, 21, charged with their murder on Dec. 20 in Allen Superior Court, told police their death was an accident – they were seeking a rival gang member. No arrests have been made in connection with Anton Moore's or Jaime Lynn Klein's deaths.
Charles Moore, who is close to their sister, Dorothy, said they were still hurting for their brother, Bobby, when they stood to speak at Anton's funeral.
“Something has to stop,” Charles told the mourners who packed Kingdom Door Christian Worship Center on East Pontiac Street.
“This has got to stop. Is there something in the water? Something in the air? It ain't been 25 days since I buried my brother.”
Since then, Charles said he's taking it badly. He's willing to talk about it; other relatives won't, they said.
A call to Gloria Winston, Bobby and Charles' sister, was promptly disconnected, although just after the murder charges were announced they told The Journal Gazette the family wanted justice.
Dorothy Moore, 54, said the rift that existed between their mother and other relatives has become greater because of the killings.
“I want it reconciled,” they said during an interview that took place a few days before Christmas as they clutched the hands of Martin and Pinkston.
But no one thinks it will.
“I know at the end of day I'm going to be OK 'cause I still have kids who love me,” said Moore, who has two sons living at home and two who have their own place. “I gotta shake it off because liquor ain't nothing.
“But who does this?”
jduffy@jg.net
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE — The Air Force Institute of Technology's Graduate School of Engineering and Management will present 235 master and six doctorate degrees 7 p.m. Thursday, March 22 at the National Museum of the United States Air Force.
This graduating class includes 208 Air Force officers, three Air Force Non-Commissioned officers, 10 Army officers, three Marine Corps officers and 13 civilians. The school will also have three international students from Argentina and the Republic of Korea.
Of the total graduating, the Graduate School will be awarding 235 master degrees and six doctorate degrees in Science Technology Engineering and Math (STEM) fields. One graduate will receive dual degrees.
The guest speaker for the graduation ceremonies is the Secretary of the Air Force Heather Wilson. Wilson is the 24th Secretary of the Air Force and is responsible for the affairs of the Department of the Air Force, including the organizing, training and equipping and providing for the welfare of 660,000 active-duty, Guard, Reserve, and civilian forces as well as their families. They oversee the Air Force's annual budget of more than $132 billion and directs strategy and policy development, risk management, weapons acquisition, technology investments and human resource management across a global enterprise.
This year marks AFIT's 99th anniversary. AFIT's Graduate School of Engineering and Management is a research–based institution offering graduate programs leading to Master of Science and Doctor of Philosophy degrees in engineering, applied science and selected areas of management. Their mission is to provide high-quality graduate education programs and engage in research activities that enable the Air Force to maintain its scientific and technological dominance.
Just watched a a man run away after smashing Boston's Holocaust Memorial with a rock. These acts of hatred are ever… https://t.co/m6GWI9wGbA
Someone threw a rock at the New England Holocaust Memorial in Boston on Monday, shattering one of its six glass towers for the second time this summer.
Police arrested a suspect Monday evening on suspicion of vandalism, a Boston Police Department spokesperson told BuzzFeed News. The incident was reported around 6:40 p.m., and more details were not immediately available.
The memorial was vandalized under similar circumstances in June. At that time, police arrested a 21-year-old man on suspicion of willful and malicious destruction of property and destruction of a place of memorial.
The memorial was dedicated in 1995 after a campaign by Holocaust survivors who settled in the Boston area. Its six glass towers aim to represent the 6 million Jews killed in six major death camps. The towers are illuminated like memorial candles, and their glass is etched with millions of numbers, reminiscent of the serial number tattoos forced upon victims.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who represents Massachusetts, responded on Twitter.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
(Photo Credit: Thinkstock)
If you are launching your business on a shoestring budget, you may think the cost of a web designer doesn't fit into your plan. Even if HTML and CSS look like alphabet soup to you, drag and drop website-building interfaces make it possible for non-coders to build their own websites. That may be a good option for you depending on the size of your business and your website goals. However, ease of use comes at the cost of flexibility, and a less-than-professional look to your website will drive business away. Your inexpensive DIY website then becomes rather costly.
It may be better to invest in a professional web design service to get your business online. Keep in mind that your website is part of your overall marketing plan, so position it as an expense where you expect a positive rate of return on your investment, just as you would with an ad campaign. Bringing in a pro will get the job done quicker and better than if you tackle the project yourself.
What does DIY web design involve?
Website building platforms are the quickest way to build and launch a website. They come with pre-coded templates, drag-and-drop elements and stock photos — everything you need to create a simple website. These tools are usually bundled with hosting services. Builders such as Wix and Weebly offer free options, but you will have the builders' names in your URL and their advertisements loaded onto to your website. This is fine for a hobbyist, but a business needs something more professional. For a modest monthly fee, you can have the ads removed and use your own domain. Another popular option is a content management system (CMS) such as WordPress. Although the initial learning curve is steep, page builder plugins simplify the process, and site owners have multiple options for customizing with hundreds of themes and plugins available.
A web designer may cost less in the long run
When you factor in your time, or the time of an employee tasked with building your website, and the benefits of a professionally designed web presence for your business, it may make better financial sense to contract a web designer. A complex site with several pages and subpages, an online shop, or a reservation system for lodging and dining can lose function in the hands of a novice. A professional will design a site that expresses your brand and engages visitors so they stick around to learn about your business.
Doing the math
What is the best way to go? The calculation will be different for each business. Begin by thinking about what you wish to achieve with your website. Do you hope to get an edge over your local competition with a slick website? Do you plan to sell goods online? Will your website's primary function be to generate leads or sales? With goals in mind, you can determine how complex a website you need. Is the level of complexity something you and your team can proficiently handle? If yes, how many hours will be spent on website development? Place a value on this time and compare it to the cost of hiring a web designer. You may be surprised to find a professional will save you money.
This article was written by Gillian Burdett for Small Business Pulse
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — The Minnesota Legislature is ready to resume some old work in a familiar space.
Lawmakers will return to the newly refurbished Capitol on Tuesday, facing another test of whether a Democratic Gov. Mark Dayton and all-Republican Legislature can agree to a new, two-year budget without bringing state government to a standstill. That's what happened in 2011, the last time Dayton faced full GOP control.
But between a health care crisis that has dominated months of Minnesota politics and years of debate over tax relief and transportation funding, much of the 2017 session may focus on wrapping up unfinished work.
Here's a look at what lawmakers have on tap until they adjourn in late May:
HEALTH CARE
Skyrocketing premiums on the individual market are the top priority heading into the 2017 after a months-long push for a special session fizzled out.
Republican leaders of the House and Senate have promised to get financial help to people who don't get federal subsidies in the first week of session, while also addressing access concerns in the market. But recent history suggests the Legislature won't be so quick to counteract the premium hikes of up to 67 percent that took effect with the New Year.
Despite similar urgency, last year's push to expand unemployment insurance for steelworkers took three weeks to pass.
TRANSPORTATION
The long slog to fund road and bridge repairs continues in 2017.
More than two years in the works, there's no guarantee a third year of effort will pay off given the differences between Dayton and Republican majorities. House Speaker Kurt Daudt and incoming Senate Majority Leader Paul Gazelka have signaled they'll lean heavily on a $1.4 billion budget surplus to fund a transportation package, while Dayton's favored approach involves a gas-tax hike.
One reason for optimism? Funding for a light-rail train to southwestern Minneapolis suburbs — a divisive issue that has kept compromise at bay — may no longer be part of the equation, as Dayton and backers have lined up an alternate source of funding for that.
TAX BILL
Here's another leftover from 2016.
Lawmakers passed a $260 million package that included a new tax credit for college graduates with loan debt, tax cuts for working families and a property tax exemption for the planned Major League Soccer stadium in St. Paul. But Dayton vetoed the package due to a costly wording error, and plans to revive it in special session never materialized.
Some of those measures may make an appearance in 2017, but the GOP could capitalize on its expanded power with a beefed-up tax bill.
CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS
There's no assurance that a list of $1 billion in public construction projects, another holdover, gets a greenlight in 2017.
Democrats are pushing to pass a bonding bill early in 2017 so much-needed infrastructure improvements across the state don't pile up. Dayton said they plan to introduce a retooled bill in the session's first week, but they wouldn't give details on its size or scope.
But Daudt and other GOP leaders say those big construction projects should wait until 2018, when budget pressures have subsided.
EARLY EDUCATION
Dayton said he's not done expanding preschool programs.
The Democratic governor has made early education a top priority in their six years in office, shepherding an all-day kindergarten program through the Legislature in 2013 and finally securing a limited preschool offering in 2016.
They told The Associated Press last week that he'll propose a “modest expansion” in 2017 for that program, which provides state funding to needy school districts that lack preschool options.
REAL ID
Time is ticking for Minnesota to upgrade its driver's licenses to satisfy looming federal requirements to board domestic flights.
Federal officials said they'll start requiring Real ID-compliant licenses at domestic flight gates in 2018. A solution escaped Minnesota lawmakers in 2016.
MNSURE
It's separate from the larger health care debate, but pressure on the state's health insurance exchange will be at an all-time high with GOP control and an uncertain fate at the federal level.
Republicans have long derided MNsure as ineffective and unnecessary, repeatedly trying to abolish the exchange in favor of the federal Healthcare.gov. President-elect Donald Trump's promise to make MNsure obsolete by repealing the Affordable Care Act could make that moot, and even the exchange's staunchest defenders acknowledge a murky future.
“Will that improve the quality?” Dayton asked of a pivot to the federal level. “I'm open to the question.”
MINIMUM WAGE AND MORE
Republican control of the Legislature could give the business community a huge win: stopping local governments from enacting separate minimum wages and other regulations.
Business groups are pushing for the blockade in the name of statewide consistency, as Minneapolis looks to join other major metropolitan areas with a hefty minimum wage hike, while both Minneapolis and St. Paul are on track to implement new sick leave policies.
Another possible target: The automatic increases to the state's minimum wage that start in 2018. The inflation-tied hikes were part of the 2014 law that eventually increased the floor wage to $9.50, but Daudt and other Republicans liken it to putting government on autopilot.
(© Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Please note that although the UK cinema release date schedule on Film Dates.co.uk is updated regularly, a release date can change at very short notice. Usually the closer a film is to its release date, the less likely its release date (and any other information) will change.
Film Dates.co.uk is also not responsible for the content of any external website. The links are provided "as is" with no warranty, express or implied, for the information provided within them.
Last update was at 20:38 17th April 2017
Ever wonder what it's like to spend a night behind bars? There's a hotel for that.
Tourists are flocking to Sook Station in Bangkok, a put-on penitentiary, the Daily Mail reports. There, overnighters pose for mug shots, sleep in striped pajamas and share bathroom facilities.
It's an interesting choice for the country, where, the Mail reports, the central men's jail has been dubbed “ ‘Big Tiger' because it eats people alive.”
If your fantasy prison experience starts to feel a little too real, there are reminders that this is only a pretend penitentiary: teddy bears in the cells, manicured lawns outside, comfy-looking beds — and a guaranteed checkout.
Bangkok's not the only place tapping into traveler's yen for cushy incarceration. Here are some other getaways where prison chic is always in style.
A post shared by Budi Walker (@budiwalker) on May 25, 2016 at 9:41pm PDT
From the outside, Jailhouse Inn in Newport, RI, looks like a staid New England inn — sign aside, you'd never guess that it was the town's jailhouse in its past life.
While the building has been imbued with creature comforts (skylights, freshly baked cookies), it retains blatant reminders of its past via bars on Windows, vintage crime-related headlines framed on walls and a door that purports be the Detective Division entrance. (from $219/night)
A post shared by Steffi | ausm Pott/Rheinland (@mrsdisconnected) on Feb 18, 2017 at 12:00pm PST
The bar is literally behind bars at Alcatraz Hotel in Kaiserslautern, Germany. Guest rooms are set up as cells with slots in doors through which room service meals can be passed.
Communal showers add a final touch of authenticity to this former prison. Bonus: “a beautiful continental breakfast” is included in the price. (from $58/night)
A post shared by Roderik J. Tukker (@roderiktukker) on Jul 22, 2017 at 4:03am PDT
Situated on a former prison island in Stockholm from which its name derives, this hotel attracts adventurous travelers who get a kick out of bunking down in the original (though renovated) cells.
The spot promises “captivating charm” and resides within close proximity to the trendy Sodermalm neighborhood. Never mind that it's also where Sweden's last prisoner execution took place in 1921. (from $231/night)
Sure, the ironically named Liberty Hotel in Boston boasts floor-to-ceiling windows and luxurious linens. But the former Charles Street Prison also retains blatant reminders of its slammer self.
Jail bars accent the two restaurants (appropriately called Clink and Alibi), while celebrity mug shots decorate the bar.
And if petty crime doesn't put you off, the do-not-disturb sign is worth stealing for a souvenir: It reads “Solitary” and is accented by a jailer's key. (from $349/night)
A post shared by Samantha Faye 🖤 (@samanthafaye4) on Jul 29, 2017 at 1:42pm PDT
Oxford, England's Malmaison Oxford Castle touts itself as “being better than your average prison.” That's an understatement.
The stylish boutique hotel boasts good-sized rooms each built out of three adjoining cells. Doors that once shuttered those cells and windows with original bars keep guests from forgetting that until 1996 people did not stay here by choice. (from $207/night)
Scotland has imposed a ban on all single-use coffee cups in government buildings starting 4 June in a bid to tackle plastic waste.
These include cups with a recyclable label as these are also thrown out after one use, a government spokesperson told Euronews.
The move is expected to prevent 450,000 cups from being thrown away every year.
Drinks will be served in ceramic cups in coffee shops and restaurants located inside government buildings and staff is encouraged to bring their cups from home for takeaways.
"The Scottish government is determined to lead by example when it comes to tackling the scourge of plastic littering our countryside and polluting our seas," said Environment Secretary Roseanna Cunnigham in a statement.
Dame Sue Bruce and Environment Secretary Roseanna Cunningham Scottish Government
“By removing single-use coffee cups from our main buildings, we will prevent 450,000 cups from being thrown away every year. That's enough cups to cover the distance between Edinburgh and Dundee.
“We support the EU's vision to reduce single-use plastics as far as possible and ensure any single-use plastics are easily recyclable by 2030. We are currently considering what other single-use items can be reduced and removed from Scottish Government buildings later this year.
“Our newly appointed expert panel is considering what further action we can take to fight against our throwaway culture, and this will include looking at disposable cups and plastic straws as well as any potential implications for disabled people.”
The expert panel will be made up experts in waste, legal, retail, and public sectors and led by Electoral Commissioner Dame Sue Bruce. Its aim will be to change consumer behaviour about plastics in order to reduce pollution.
Back in February, plastic drinking straws were banned at Scottish Parliament restaurant and cafes and the government is seeking a ban on the manufacture and sale of cotton buds, an item commonly found in Scottish beaches, according to Cunningham.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
4:15 Cooper sworn in as governor minutes after midnight
4:39 Exclusive interview with Roy Cooper on HB2
14:48 McCrory reflects on their term as North Carolina's governor
One of the victims in Monday's terror bombing under the Port Authority Bus Terminal is “angry” and on edge hours after the rush-hour attack, their family told The Post.
Alfonso Chavez, 42, said their sister Veronica Chavez, 45, was “steps away from the explosion” when suspect Akayed Ullah allegedly detonated a homemade pipe bomb inside an underground Port Authority passageway connecting subway lines.
“[It was] awful because they saw people fall to the ground. They saw dust everywhere. They saw people under debris. She's nervous, she's scared. Like everyone else, we're angry,” Alfonso said.
Veronica and brother Juan Chavez, 40, were on their way to work at a Midtown factory when the blast struck, and the woman took the brunt of the blow, Alfonso said.
“My brother was behind her, but with my sister, they were a few steps away from the incident,” they said. “It's sad that we have to go through this.”
Three victims were hurt, and so was Ullah. Veronica and Juan were being treated at Mt. Sinai West hospital.
KANSAS CITY, Kan. — Tensions between the KCK Fire Department and the city's former mayor are flaring once again.
An investigation by the KCK Fire Department determined some firefighters set of a firetruck siren early Tuesday morning near former mayor Mark Holland's house. The department said the firefighters were returning to the station from a medical call when they set off the siren.
After they had passed their home, Holland said they turned the siren off. The former mayor posted surveillance video of the firefighters' actions, which they called harassment, on their Facebook page.
The department said in a statement the firefighters involved “will be dealt with as necessary to ensure that activation of sirens and lights will only be done in compliance with current policies.”
The former mayor and KCK firefighters have a contentious relationship. The firefighters' union, which backed David Alvey for mayor in last year's election, fell into a back-and-forth mud slinging with Holland that ended with the resignation of the KCK fire chief and Holland's accusations of corruption in the fire department.
GPHC recruits optometrists to tackle diabetic retinopathy
Cases of cataract, diabetic retinopathy and glaucoma have been identified as some of the more frequent conditions seen at the Ophthalmology Department of the Georgetown Public Hospital Corporation (GPHC).
In excess of 300 patients suffering from these conditions, and others, are seen on a daily basis at the GPHC.
While the majority of cataract and glaucoma cases are elderly folks, the cases of diabetic retinopathy are individuals of varying age groups.
This is according to Consultant Ophthalmologist at the GPHC, Dr. Shailendra Sugrim, who assumed the position of Head of Department in 2015 following Dr. George Norton's call to a ministerial portfolio.
Dr. Sugrim gained their specialist ophthalmology training in Bangladesh where they also embraced training in glaucoma as a sub-specialty.
Their specialist training allowed them to be the only local candidate at the GPHC at the time to fill the void left by Dr. Norton's departure.
Since taking over the reins of the Department, Dr. Sugrim has been seeking to put several measures in place to improve the quality of eye care offered at the GPHC. Among This has been the introduction of a triage section.
“We are trying to change the clinic whereby it is easier for patients to enter…They see a junior doctor first and if needed then they see a Consultant after,” said Dr. Sugrim as they stressed the importance of streamlining much needed eye surgeries.
Aiding their efforts are six other ophthalmologists (both locals and foreigners).
But among the most strategic of moves that have been introduced under Dr. Sugrim's watch is the introduction of a programme to tackle diabetic retinopathy. This programme has been gaining keen support from a number of organisations including United States-based Non Governmental Organisation – Orbis International, the World Diabetes Foundation, the University of Toronto and the Ministry of Public Health.
Dr. John Carter, Retinal Surgeon at the Winchester Medical Centre in Virginia, United States during a recent interview with this publication, stressed the importance of screening in order to combat diabetic retinopathy.
Diabetic retinopathy occurs in persons who are diagnosed with diabetes. But the challenge associated with this condition is that it can develop to an alarming level without an individual developing noticeable signs and symptoms.
According to Dr. Carter, who has been offering their service through Orbis International, “The most important thing that we want to do is make sure that all patients who have diabetes have their eyes examined even before they have symptoms. So the best option is that every patient with diabetes has an eye examination as soon as they are diagnosed.”
This, however, must be an ongoing process whereby patients are screened annually, even if they do not develop symptoms. “What we are trying to avoid is patients waiting until their vision is bad, because often when their vision is very bad they would develop vision loss and we can't get it back. So the treatment is the most effective even before the patient notices something is wrong,” explained Dr. Carter.
In order to adhere to the call for early screening, Dr, Sugrim said that the Ophthalmology Department has brought on board two Optometrists – Andrew Adams and Fionna Todd.
“We've employed the two optometrists and they are doing the screening,” related Dr. Sugrim as they revealed that another measure that have been embraced is the training of consultants in the Ophthalmology Department so that they can better cater to patients suffering from diabetic retinopathy.
According to published reports, if an individual is diagnosed with diabetes their blood glucose or blood sugar can become too high and over time this can damage their eyes. The most common outcome is diabetic retinopathy which is said to be a leading cause of blindness in adults diagnosed with diabetes.
The retina is the light-sensitive tissue at the back of the eye. In order to see clearly a healthy retina is required but once diabetic retinopathy steps in it can damage the tiny blood vessels inside the retina.
Although patients may not recognise the developing damage at an early stage, the symptoms of diabetic retinopathy include blurry or double vision, rings, flashing lights or blank spots, dark or floating spots, pain or pressure in one or both eyes and trouble seeing things out of the corner of the eyes.
Treatment for diabetic retinopathy includes laser surgery, which according to Dr. Sugrim, is offered at the GPHC.
However, according to Dr. Carter, the best option is always to find the problem at an early stage and prevent vision loss altogether.
Cataract is recognised by a cloud over the lens of the eye which can be remedied surgically while glaucoma happens when pressure builds up in the eye damaging the main nerve. The latter can be addressed with eye drops or surgery too.
PACK IT AND PROTECT IT
As a service to our customers, Just Box IT offers high-quality moving boxes and a wide variety of packing supplies at a reasonable price. We can help you with tips on how to pack different types of items.
CONVENIENT - VERSATILE - SAFE
Go Green Mobile Storage is a safe, reliable and affordable way to store your goods. It's easy and convenient. Save yourself the stress and hassle of renting, loading and driving a rental truck. Cut your labor time - load and unload only once. Move and store on your schedule.
CONTACT CUSTOMER SERVICE
LEBANON, TN
Just Box IT
680 Tennessee Blvd.
Lebanon, TN 37087
Office: 615-453-9912
Fax: 615-453-0779
Go Green Storage
680 Tennessee Blvd.
Lebanon, TN 37087
Office: 615-453-2288
Fax: 615-453-0779
Just Box IT
307 Babb Dr.
Lebanon, TN 37087
Office: 615-453-9912
Fax: 615-453-0779
MT. JULIET, TN
Just Box IT
9601 Lebanon Rd
Mt Juliet, TN 37122
Office: 615-754-1235
Fax: 615-453-0779
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — The owner or owners of a Mendota Heights tortoise are “shellebrating” after it was found after months of going missing last fall.
On Wednesday, Eagan police tweeted that a Russian Tortoise was found near the Bear Path Trail in Eagan.
If you lost your Russian Tortoise near Bear Path Trail he's hanging out with the cops. He's content munching on lettuce and carrots but ready to go home. Give us a call if he's yours. pic.twitter.com/RKe3v0HjJV — Eagan Police (@EaganPolice) May 30, 2018
Soon after that, Eagan police tweeted again saying that the tortoise is heading home. “Jane” apparently left their Mendota Heights yard in October 2017 and traveled nearly 10 miles south to Eagan.
The tortoise is headed home. This speedy tortoise left their yard last October and traveled miles. "Jane" is headed back to Mendota Heights to be with their other tortoise family, "Jack and "Jill". Thank you to all who helped share their info. pic.twitter.com/uSKxkVAr1f — Eagan Police (@EaganPolice) May 30, 2018
Jane will now be reunited with their other tortoise family, “Jack” and “Jill”.
There is no information on the adventures Jane encountered while going rogue, but one could assume they were fantastic.
General Electric Co. said several of its top executives are leaving the company, in a high-profile shake-up of the conglomerate under new CEO John Flannery, who is under pressure to reboot the company's business.
GE GE, -0.61% said its longtime chief financial officer, Jeff Bornstein, will leave as will veterans Beth Comstock, the head of marketing efforts, and John Rice, the company's top international executive. All three will leave at year's end.
All three were top lieutenants to former CEO Jeff Immelt, who stepped aside on Aug. 1. Bornstein was considered a potential successor to Immelt and when Flannery was selected for the top spot, GE said the two would work closely together and granted them a special retention package.
GE said Jamie Miller, the head of the company's transportation business, will take over as its chief financial officer starting Nov. 1. Bornstein has spent 28 years at GE and in recent years helped oversee the unwinding of its massive finance business.
An expanded version of this report is available at WSJ.com.
Popular on WSJ:
From Broken Home to Real-Estate Riches: The Life of the Las Vegas Shooter
Russian Hackers Stole NSA Data on U.S. Cyber Defense
YouTube Tweaks Search Results as Las Vegas Conspiracy Theories Rise to Top
BATON ROUGE, La. (AP) — A Louisiana private investigator pleaded guilty on Monday to misusing Donald Trump's Social Security number in repeated attempts to access the candidate's federal tax information during the presidential campaign.
Jordan Hamlett, 32, faces a maximum sentence of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine following their guilty plea in federal court.
Authorities have said Hamlett failed in their attempts to get Trump's tax returns through a U.S. Department of Education financial aid website.
The Lafayette resident was indicted in November 2016 and had been scheduled to start this week, but the judge originally assigned to the case died on Saturday after a brief illness. U.S. District Court Judge John deGravelles has not yet scheduled Hamlett's sentencing hearing .
Defense attorney Michael Fiser had argued Hamlett didn't have any “intent to deceive” and simply tried “out of sheer curiosity” to discover whether Trump's tax information could be accessed through the government website.
Every president since Jimmy Carter has released tax returns in what has become an American tradition during presidential elections. Trump has refused to release his.
Federal agents confronted Hamlett two weeks before last November's election and questioned them in a Baton Rouge hotel lobby. At the time, the agents didn't know if Hamlett had been successful, and they feared a public release of Trump's tax returns could influence the election, according to a transcript of court testimony earlier this year.
Treasury Department Special Agent Samuel Johnson testified in March that Hamlett immediately took credit for their “genius idea” to seek Trump's tax returns from the financial aid website.
Johnson also said investigators asked Hamlett if they were familiar with Anonymous, an internet hacking group.
“At that time, Anonymous had been established as people that have released some of President Trump's personal identifying information and things of that nature,” Johnson testified.
Federal prosecutors had asked to bar Hamlett's lawyer from presenting a trial defense that that they were acting as a benevolent “white hat” hacker. Brady, a senior federal judge who died Saturday at a Baton Rouge hospital, ruled last month that Hamlett couldn't testify that they had a “good purpose” in attempting to test security flaws in the website.
Fiser said Hamlett had tried to call and notify the IRS about the flaws last September, on the same day they tried to electronically access Trump's tax records.
Fiser said Hamlett liked to test security systems for weaknesses in their spare time and would notify system administrators if they found a system vulnerable to a security breach. Hamlett once discovered a security flaw that allowed for public access to the Livingston Parish Sheriff's Office's “raw” reports on open investigations and exposed personal information about police officers.
“Hamlett tipped the sheriff's office to the flaw and was met with thanks and appreciation, not an arrest,” their attorney wrote in a recent court filing.
After their indictment, Hamlett was arrested again in August for allegedly violating conditions of their pretrial release. Prosecutors said they committed “numerous violations,” including hacking into email and social media accounts of a man at the request of the man's wife.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
WTA (Redacted by beIN SPORTS)
There is little movement at the top of the rankings this week, with the top three Karolina Pliskova, Simona Halep and Angelique Kerber all staying in place.
Elina Svitolina and Caroline Wozniacki step up a rung on the ladder, while Ashleigh Barty, Kirsten Flipkens and Ekaterina Alexandrova make big leaps.
INCREDIBLE!@ElinaSvitolina clinches their FIFTH title of 2017 with a straight sets victory in the @rogerscup final. 🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆 pic.twitter.com/p4TtntK1cQ — beIN SPORTS USA (@beINSPORTSUSA) August 13, 2017
Further down the field, though, there's plenty of progress. We take a look at some of the biggest movers.
Barbora Strycova (+3, No.26 to No.23): Strycova missed out on the quarterfinals in Toronto, knocked out in straight sets by Simona Halep, 6-1, 6-0. They had previously beaten Kristina Mladenovic in straight sets, 6-2, 6-3, and then Daria Gavrilova, 4-6, 7-6, 6-3.
Lucie Safarova (+5, No.41 to No.36): Safarova reached the quarterfinals in Toronto, dismissing Ekaterina Makarova, Dominika Cibulkova and Françoise Abanda, before being ousted by Sloane Stephens in three sets.
Ashleigh Barty (+10, No.58 to No.48): The Australian had a great campaign in Toronto, flying through qualifying and then beating 18th seed Elena Vesnina 6-3, 5-7, 6-4 in the round of 32. They couldn't get past Wimbledon champion Garbiñe Muguruza in the round of 16, though, losing 0-6, 6-3, 2-6.
Kirsten Flipkens (+10, No.82 to No.72): The Belgian made it through qualifying in Toronto, beating Christina McHale and Layne Sleeth before eventually falling in the round of 32 to Muguruza 7-5, 6-2.
Ekaterina Alexandrova (+15, No.88 to No.73): The Russian made it into the Rogers Cup main draw, dropping only seven games in two matches through qualifying. They were knocked out in the second round by eventual runner-up Wozniacki, 6-3, 6-0.
CHAPEL HILL, N.C. (MarketWatch) — Financial planners have a huge shock in store for them from groundbreaking research into the stock market's long-term risk.
Contrary to what everyone for years has assured us, investing in the stock market does not become safer as our holding periods lengthen. On the contrary, risk increases the longer we hold stocks. This means we no longer can reassure ourselves or our clients that things will work out only if we are willing to hold on long enough.
It's hard to overestimate the impact this research could have on retirement planning. At a minimum, it means that we may need to reconsider a high portfolio allocation to equities.
How could we have been so wrong, for so many years, about long-term stock market risk?
One reason is that the statistical modeling required to estimate the level of future uncertainty is quite complex, since—by definition—it's uncertain. In the face of that complexity, most of us have chosen simply to assume that the future will be like the past.
And it is indeed the case that, on that assumption, stock market investing does become safer than holding periods lengthen. We are all familiar with the statistics in this regard, showing that the volatility of historical returns falls dramatically as holding periods get longer.
The accompanying chart, courtesy of data through May compiled by Advisor Perspective's Jill Mislinksi, summarizes the data. Consider first the huge spread between best and worst historical returns when considering five-year holding periods — between +33.35% and -13.22%, for a spread of more than 46 annualized percentage points.
Notice how this spread progressively shrinks as the holding period lengthens. At the 30-year horizon, for example, the best and worst returns are +11.16% and +1.91%, annualized, which works out to a spread of a little more than 9 annualized percentage points.
The remarkable speed at which the spread shrinks points to a pattern known as regression to the mean. Lubos Pastor, a finance professor at the University of Chicago, is a co-author of this trailblazing study, along with Robert Stambaugh of the Wharton School. In an interview, they emphasized that regression to the mean is indeed a powerful force in the stock market. The point of their study is that there are other forces that more than offset it.
Taking both regression to the mean and these other forces into account, how much does stock market volatility grow as the holding period lengthens? The professors estimate that volatility at the 30-year horizon is larger by almost one quarter than volatility at the one-year horizon. That's a big increase.
An illustration involving global warming can help us to appreciate those other forces. Consider first the range of possible consequences of climate change over the next 12 months: It is minuscule regardless of which forecasting model one employs. Then consider the range of possible consequences over the next century; now there is a huge difference between the most dire and the most benign scenarios — between the status quo and the end of life as we know it.
In other words, uncertainty and risk grow the further we look out into the future. Though Professors Pastor and Stambaugh don't use this climate change illustration in their study, they find that this pattern applies generally.
In fact, once we stop to think about it intuitively, we all know that this pattern exists. Odds are overwhelming that economic conditions will essentially be the same tomorrow as today and that we'll still have the same job, for example. What conditions will be like several decades from now is anyone's guess.
Another way of understanding this research: The U.S. got lucky over the last two centuries. It wasn't preordained that regression to the mean would be the dominant force in long-term equity returns. An investor in 1900 couldn't have known that the next century would contain two world wars and a cold war, much less that the U.S. would emerge victorious from each and become the dominant global power.
In other words, it could very well have turned out differently for the stock market. If you have any doubt about that, Professor Pastor says we just need to remember the Japanese stock market, which is currently trading at only half its high set in 1989 — nearly 30 years ago.
Does taking this research to heart mean that you now need to avoid stocks? Not at all. Assuming the markets are reasonably efficient, stocks' expected returns provide compensation for this long-term risk. So you may very well choose to incur that risk in pursuit of the higher return stocks can provide.
But — crucially — there are no guarantees.
The mistake we've all been making up until now is thinking we can capture stocks' long-term return without incurring the risk for which that return is compensation. We can't have our cake and eat it too.
Project info
To be concluded.....
I feel nothing but disdain for the US president and their administration that have been in place since January 2017. These images are from a series that is still evolving which reflect what I have just said. As self portraits they air my views on what's going on politically in the USA and to a smaller extent here in the UK with regards to Brexit. As a woman, mother, daughter of a WW2 Polish orphan and human being I feel personally compelled to do something as a response. This work is therefore being produced with a reference to the dada and surrealist artists who were called to action during the last century for similar political reasons.
The city of Chicago recorded 762 homicides in 2016 — an average of two murders per day, the most killings in the city for two decades and more than New York and Los Angeles combined.
The nation's third largest city also saw 1,100 more shooting incidents than it did in 2015, according to statistics released by the Chicago Police Department that underlined a story of bloodshed that has put Chicago at the center of a national dialogue about gun violence.
The numbers released Sunday are staggering, even for those following the steady news accounts of weekends ending with dozens of shootings and monthly death tolls that hadn't been seen in years. The increase in 2016 homicides compared to 2015, when 485 were reported, is the largest spike in 60 years.
Police and city officials have lamented the flood of illegal guns into the city, and the crime statistics appeared to support their claims: Police recovered 8,300 illegal guns in 2015, a 20 percent from the previous year.
[embedded content]
Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson said during a news conference Sunday that Chicago is among many U.S. cities that have sought a spike in violence, including in attacks on police. They said anger at police, including in the wake of video released that showed a white Chicago officer shooting a black teenager 16 times, has left criminals “emboldened” to violent crimes.
They also said it's becoming clearer to criminals that they have little to fear from the criminal justice system.
“In Chicago, we just don't have a deterrent to pick up a gun,” they said. “Any time a guy stealing a loaf of bread spends more time pre-trial in jail than a gun offender, something is wrong.”
The bulk of the deaths and shooting incidents, which jumped from 2,426 in 2015 to 3,550 last year, occurred in only five neighborhoods on the city's South and West sides, all poor and predominantly black areas where gangs are most active. Police said the shootings in those areas generally wasn't random, with more than 80 percent of the victims having previously been identified by police as more susceptible because of their gang ties or past arrests.
Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson was expected to discuss the newly released statistics Sunday afternoon.
The city has scrambled to address the violence. Mayor Rahm Emanuel announced last year that 1,000 officers would be added to the police department. At the same time, police officials have been trying to figure out why homicides and shootings — which began climbing the year before — suddenly surged.
Johnson has said several factors contributed to the increased violence. They noted 2016 was the first full year since the city was forced in November 2015 to release video of the fatal police shooting of 17-year-old Laquan McDonald, who was black and shot 16 times by a white police officer. The video cost former Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy their job, sparked major protests around the city, and led to federal and state investigations of the department.
It also left Johnson with the task of trying to restore public trust in what appeared to be a weakened police force, a perception that was only buttressed by a dramatic drop in the number of arrests in 2016.
While the police department has cited several factors for the declining numbers, including a concerted effort not to make minor drug arrests and focus on gun violence, Johnson acknowledged in a recent interview with The Associated Press that officers have become more cautious — in part out of fear of becoming the next “viral video.”
That, they said, has “emboldened” criminals.
“Criminals watch TV, pay attention to the media,” they said. “They see an opportunity to commit nefarious activity.”
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
WASHINGTON - A White House official said on Friday that there has been no discussions or considerations about firing Deputy US Attorney General Rod Rosenstein.
President Donald Trump had appeared to raise that possibility earlier on Friday when asked whether they retained confidence in Rosenstein in the fallout over a Republican memo about the ongoing Russia probe. "You figure that one out," Trump had replied.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
Alan Luke: Sierra Leone Telegraph: 24 April 2018:
The numbers are eye-watering – $2 billion of foreign debt, Le4.9 trillion of internal debt and Le160 billion in domestic banks overdrafts. This was followed by the disappearance of about 4,000 government vehicles, which reads like the plot for the latest in the ‘Grand Theft Auto' film franchise.
Then we are informed that all the gold and that nice furniture that used to be in the Presidential Lodge including the Canalettoes, allegedly disappeared.
These revelations have led to growing calls for the Bio administration to commence prosecutions against former APC politicians, including Ernest Bai Koroma.
One of the key demands of citizens, expressed in the 2018 Citizens' Manifesto, required politicians and senior public officials to publicly declare their assets, prior to being sworn into office. This demand appears to have fallen on deaf eyes. (Photo: Former minister of information – Kanu, accused of corruption on a grand scale).
Two weeks into their administration, we are yet to see any public declaration of assets from President Bio and senior members of their administration, as well as Members of Parliament, Mayors and District Chairs of municipalities and Local Councillors.
Asset declaration is critical if governance arrangements in Sierra Leone are to be improved and if the industrial scale theft of public funds, as witnessed under the Koroma regime is to be prevented and we as citizens demand that this happens now.
If President Bio's administration is serious about investigating members of the former APC government, including undertaking a forensic review of the mining concessions, road construction and other public contracts entered into by the APC government, they must come with clean hands and a public declaration of the assets and liabilities of the President, ministers and senior public servants and a commitment to doing so, every year will assure the public of their intent.
If President Bio and their ministers and officials fail to publicly declare their assets, it would be impossible for their administration to pursue anyone from the previous regime for corrupt acts.
But perhaps, Mr Bio is not interested in bringing prosecutions against members of the former government, as both the APC and SLPP are cut from the same cloth.
Since 2012, Bio themselves and other senior members of the SLPP were on the payroll of the APC.
Bio's homecoming in 2014, which was disguised as an “Ebola Sensitisation Tour” is a classic example, of how they were in the pocket of Ernest Koroma.
So, Bio maybe concerned that the APC may have enough information on him, to bring them and their administration into disrepute.
One suspects that there is a lot more, than Samura Kamara's allegation of Bio's theft of $18 million in 1996, which emerged during the Presidential debates.
Sierra Leoneans do not want to have a repeat of the same problems in five years' time, to find that billions more have been added to our country's external or internal debt and over-draft facilities.
They do not want more questionable contracts entered into with dodgy business people, which destroys local communities and only benefits a few.
Sierra Leoneans now want to see public funds used to provide goods and services which benefit the people, including healthcare, education, water, sanitation, electricity and jobs.
This is the change that the people seek, and it is the change that President Bio assured them they will deliver by putting Sierra Leone first.
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
Romania's president cannot block the government's attempts to dismiss the country's chief anti-corruption prosecutor unless they are illegal, the Constitutional Court ruled.
The decision opens the way for the removal of Laura Kovesi, who has taken on politicians from local mayors to government ministers accused of illicitly profiting from their positions.
The government has repeatedly tried to undermine the powers of Kovesi's anti-corruption prosecutor's office (DNA) which it accuses of running a politicised campaign.
Attempts to change the law to reduce sanctions on corruption offences prompted thousands of protestors to take to the streets at the beginning of the year.
However, when justice minister Tudorel Toader called for Kovesi's removal, they were reprieved by president Klaus Iohannis.
The government took the question to court and yesterday won a victory limiting the president's powers in the matter to assessing the legality of the action.
An estimated 2,000 people gathered outside the headquarters of the ruling social democrats after the decision, chanting "Dictators" and "Rats."
The European Union, which has monitored Romania's anti-corruption efforts closely, has praised the work of the DNA while the Council of Europe's anti-corruption watchdog warned last month that recent government initiatives were threatening the rule of law in Romania.
Last November, Kovesi told Euronews that their office had been subject to "inbelievable attacks" aimed at limiting its ability to carry out investigations.
John W. Diamond, Director of the Center for Public Finance at Baker Institute, breaks down the new tax framework: What changes, what doesn't and some specifics implications for Houston's residents
On Sept. 27 the Trump administration released its framework for tax reform. Note the word “framework” instead of “plan” since many important details are unspecified in the initial release.
The intent is likely to leave room for negotiation in the legislative process. But this makes it hard to analyze the proposal in detail. However, the framework does provide an overview of the changes being proposed, and some broad generalizations are possible.
The changes to the individual income tax system include collapsing the seven tax brackets under current law into three tax brackets with tax rates equal to 12 percent, 25 percent and 35 percent, with the possibility of a fourth bracket to tax high-income individuals. In addition, the proposal would increase the standard deduction to $12,000 for single filers and $24,000 for married filers, eliminate most deductions and the personal exemption but would maintain the mortgage interest and charitable donations deductions, increase the child credit and add a credit for other dependent care expenses, eliminate the alternative minimum tax and the estate tax, and allow “small” business income to be taxed at a maximum rate of 25 percent. Without knowing the details, such as the income cutoffs for the new brackets or the size of the child tax credit, it is difficult to assess the effects of the proposed framework. Another issue is that creating a small-business tax rate below the highest individual tax rate of 35 percent would create an incentive for taxpayers to reclassify wage income to minimize their tax burden. It is unclear how this will be prevented.
While detailed conclusions are impossible, some broad conclusions are possible.
Many individuals that previously itemized deductions would no longer do so if the standard deduction is increased and the state and local tax deduction is repealed; this would be particularly true for lower- and middle-income families. In this case, the mortgage interest deduction would become a tax preference that benefits only the highest-income households, and thus the argument that it increases homeownership would be greatly diminished.
In addition, the charitable deduction would also be limited to mostly high-income taxpayers. Eliminating the state and local tax deduction would have a significant impact on Houston taxpayers since property taxes would no longer be deductible from federal income taxes. However, in relative terms, the elimination of the state and local tax deduction would be more detrimental for high-tax states and areas with a relatively high cost of living. The corporate tax rate would be decreased from 35 percent to 20 percent. The proposal would eliminate the taxation of income earned abroad (i.e., the U.S. would move to a territorial corporate tax system) but impose a one-time repatriation tax on corporate income currently held abroad. It is unclear what anti-base erosion provisions would be included to limit the amount of tax avoidance under this framework. In addition, the proposal would allow for immediate expensing of capital purchases for five years, limit the interest-expense deduction and eliminate many tax preferences of businesses. The research and experimentation tax credit and the low-income housing tax credit would be maintained. Major questions remain about which business purchases would be allowed to be expensed (only equipment, structures and equipment, etc.) and to what extent interest deductions would be limited. One issue is that if you allow full expensing and maintain the interest deduction you will be subsidizing capital formation, which would be inefficient. In addition, if expensing is limited to only equipment, the tax system will inefficiently favor investment in equipment relative to other inputs such as structures. Note that keeping the interest deduction maintains the current preference for debt finance relative to equity finance.
This proposal will almost certainly increase the federal deficit. It is worth noting that the proposal will be temporary — that is, the provisions will expire at the end of the budget window, and we will return to current law 10 years after enactment, since getting 60 votes, as required under Senate rules for policies that affect the long-term deficits, will be nearly impossible.
John W. Diamond is Edward A. and Hermena Hancock Kelly Fellow in Public Finance |
Director, Center for Public Finance at Rice University's Baker Institute for Public Policy
The Vikings men's basketball team will have some new faces this fall. The addition of ten new recruits was announced by Valley City State University Head Coach Ryan Montgomery. The list of recruits includes Alex Weston, Drew Thielges, Christian Kvilvang, Connor Entzi, Chris Morgan, Kevin Schramm, Kail Lindgren, Camren Steckler, Hunter Sand, and Logan Miller.
Mel's new romance doesn't go down well with everyone
EastEnders' Hunter Owen sets out to scupper mum Mel's blossoming romance with Jack Branning next week, and it appears he's got an unlikely accomplice in the shape of Phil Mitchell.
Advertisement
The surly schoolboy has struggled with their mother's growing attraction to the Walford hunk, and is clearly not ready to call the ex-cop daddy just yet. Would they rather Mel reunites with Ian Beale?
Next Tuesday, flash Jack pulls up in a swanky sports car he's hired, making them the envy of the local teenage boys. It's all a ploy to impress Mel and melt their icy exterior and they can't help but be tempted when they offer to whisk them off in the tasty motor and take them on a date – to Paris!
Mel agrees to go for a spin and the buff Branning thinks he's won their round. However, Jack is red-faced when the car won't even start…
Could disapproving Hunter have something to do with it? He's seen hanging around Jack's sporty number after getting some advice on the situation from Phil Mitchell, and it obviously wasn't to check the tyre pressure. What kind of advice was Phil giving the teen?
On Friday, huffy Hunter badmouths Jack to Mel, and she's forced to reassure their son that she's not looking for a relationship. Jack won't take no for an answer, however, and continues their pursuit of the bold blonde.
Unhappy Hunter is determined to sabotage the wooing and manipulates the situation, only for it to backfire with catastrophic results…
You can watch our exclusive review show A Week in Walford below.
Advertisement
Visit our dedicated EastEnders page for all the latest news, interviews and spoilers.
WATCH: "We've Got A Few Up Our Sleeve" - Rudimental Let Slip A Few Of Their V Festival Surprise Guests
Rudimental Are Planning BIG Things For V Festival... Including These Special Guests 00:44
Ngl, this is gonna go OFF.
It's not long until we're going to be stood in a field, in the sunshine... With some of the world's biggest stars - from Pink to Jay-Z.
With a huge list of collaborations to their name - from Ed Sheeran to MNEK - Rudimental stated they've got some big surprises planned for their performance on the iconic V Festival stage (and may have even let one or two slip!)
> WATCH: Anne-Marie Challenged Them Fans With A Task, But It Ended A Lot More Painfully Than Expected...
Speaking to Vick Hope, the 'Sun Comes Up' hitmakers spoke about their set at August's biggest musical festival, which will also see the likes of Dizzee Rascal, Ellie Goulding and Jason Derulo perform.
"We've had some of the most amazing festivals there" said Piers Agget, talking about their 2013-performance, where the field had to be closed, because to too many people raving to the likes of 'Feel The Love'.
Then, the band dropped the news that they've got some huge names joining them on stage. They even went as far as to confirm Anne-Marie, who will undoubtedly rock out to 'Rumour Mill' and 'Love Ain't Just A Word'. It's gonna be big.
> Download Our App, And We'll Bring You All Of The Latest News And Gossip From V Festival
From a collab made in heaven, to... The most unlikely collaboration we'll EVER see!
Name:
Motorists are being advised that the A4146 is currently closed between Stoke Hammond and Bletchley due to an accident.
The road has been closed between Stoke Road and Galley Lane, affecting traffic travelling into Bletchley and Milton Keynes.
The accident happened on the A4146 Eastbound.
Thames Valley Police are at the scene.
Hearts Take Flight is an event that pits teams of five people in a tug-of-war against a King Air 350 plane. The event will be April 14 at 9 a.m. at Hollingshead Aviation on the campus of the Smyrna-Rutherford County Airport and will conclude when every team has pulled the plane. Proceeds will benefit the Arc Tennessee.
Sponsorships and team donations are available for the fun, family friendly event. Youth activities, entertainment, concessions, exhibitors and more will be featured for the event, which will be free and open to the public.
Contributions will ensure the Arc of Tennessee will have the financial means to continue to fulfill its mission. For more than 65 years, the Arc Tennessee has empowered people with intellectual and developmental disabilities and their families to actively participate in the community throughout their lifetime.
Funds raised through the event go directly to services and support for people with disabilities. The Arc Tennessee is a nonprofit organization, and all contributions are tax deductible.
Visit heartstakeflight.org for all event information. All sponsors and exhibitors will be listed on the website.
Share On more Share On more
Keyboard Cat, famous on the internet for playing the electronic keyboard, has died at the age of 9. Their real name was Bento.
Bento probably isn't the keyboard cat you're thinking of. The one in the 2007 viral video is named Fatso, who died in 1987
Fatso inspired the iconic Play Him Off, Keyboard Cat meme.
Fatso's owner, Charlie Schmidt, adopted Bento in 2010 from a shelter.
"[Bento] is my best friend. This cat makes me make art. He's always motivating me to take pictures of him, draw him. He's just motivating artistically," Schmidt said in an ad the pair did for animal shelters.
Schmidt told BuzzFeed News that the two made their first video together three days after they brought the cat from the shelter.
Tiger Woods had Vicodin, Dilaudid, Xanax, Ambien and THC in their system when they were arrested on suspicion of DUI in the early morning hours of May 29, according to a toxicology report released on Monday by the Palm Beach County Sherriff's Office.
Two of the medications listed on the report, Hydrocodone (a generic form of Vicodin) and Hydromorphone (more commonly referred to as Dilaudid), are painkillers.
Alprazolam (Xanax) and Zolpidem (Ambien) are both sleep aids, while Delta-9 carboxy THC is the primary compound in marijuana.
It's unclear whether Woods had prescriptions for all of the medications, though at the time of their arrest they told police they had been taking Vicodin and Xanax following a fourth back surgery in April. Medical marijuana, meanwhile, is legal in Florida.
Last week, Woods pleaded guilty to reckless driving and agreed to enter a diversion program that could result in their record being expunged.
Three weeks after their arrest, Woods announced that they had checked themselves into a clinic to seek help dealing with managing their prescription drugs. They completed treatment last month, they said.
"As I previously said, I received professional help to manage my medications," Woods said in a statement released published by ESPN and GolfChannel.com. "Recently, I had been trying on my own to treat my back pain and a sleep disorder, including insomnia, but I realize now it was a mistake to do this without medical assistance. I am continuing to work with my doctors, and they feel I've made significant progress. I remain grateful for the amazing support that I continue to receive and for the family and friends that are assisting me."
Woods was found by police asleep at the wheel of their Black Mercedes, the engine running and with fresh damage to the vehicle, on a road near their home in Jupiter, Fla., shortly after 2 a.m. back in May.
They failed multiple field sobriety tests and didn't know where they were but also blew a 0.00 on a breathalyzer after being taken into custody.
Woods hasn't played golf since February and hasn't said when they plan to play again. In a statement published by GolfChannel.com, Woods said their doctors are pleased with theirs recovered from their most recent surgery, and that he's "doing light lifting, riding a stationary bike and putting a little."
RELATED: Now What, Tiger? Six questions for the man who used to have all the answers
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
Project info
Is it possible to describe a society by portraiting its people?
This is the aim of this project on the israelian society. Shooting portraits is much more than capturing faces. Faces are the reflection of the society, the reflection of our hopes and dreams, expectations and disappointments.
The youth who wants to live in peace and enjoy the moment, the new immigrant who struggles to make a living, the little girl full of dreams, the religious one who follow the path of God...
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam. Kim, who was in their mid-40s, was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il's children. They died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, according to police, and was alone at the time of the arrest. Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim. One of them covered their face with a cloth before walking away. Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help.
Sources tell NPR their body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur. An autopsy will be performed.
After growing up in Western countries, Kim had been living outside North Korea for decades. They were believed to have homes in Macau, Beijing and Paris. In 2001, Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents. They later said they were trying to bring their family to Tokyo Disneyland.
The big mystery, if they didn't die of natural causes, is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked, and why now.
"I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post, from Kuala Lumpur.
IOWA CITY, Iowa — Iowa forward Tyler Cook will withdraw their name from NBA Draft consideration and return to the Hawkeyes for their junior season.
Cook announced their decision on Wednesday, which means the Hawkeyes are getting their best player back after a trying 2017-18 season.
Cook averaged team highs of 15.3 points and 6.8 rebounds a game for Iowa, which finished 14-19. But the return of Cook and fellow junior Isaiah Moss — who also withdrew from NBA Draft consideration — should put the Hawkeyes in position to improve next winter.
Iowa will also bring in prized recruit Joe Wieskamp, perhaps the only recruit more highly touted than Cook in coach Fran McCaffery's eight seasons with the Hawkeyes.
EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt's rollback of Obama-era Environmental Protection Agency rules is taking some of the steam out of Republican efforts to load up the fiscal 2018 omnibus spending bill with policy riders. Bloomberg Government's Jack Fitzpatrick discusses it with Nancy Lyons in the Bloomberg
99.1 Washington newsroom.
Radio +1-212-617-5560
Running time 05:47
APPLE WILL BE WINTER WIND-ERLAND There won't be any snow, but the wind chill will make it just as unpleasant outside today as it was yesterday. Yesterday's wet blast of wintry weather left metro-area streets...
KIDNAP KOOK HAS LONG RAP SHEET The deranged hostage-taker who threatened to blow up a Hillary Clinton campaign office in New Hampshire has a long criminal history – including a rape they committed while on the...
MORE TROUBLE FOR COPPERFIELD Magician David Copperfield's legal troubles involving an alleged rape in the Bahamas might not disappear for quite some time, officials said yesterday. “This investigation will be thorough and will take...
BONDS-BALL BIDDERS UP The Queens man who managed to snag Barry Bonds' record-breaking home-run ball watched online bidding yesterday push the keepsake's price up to $177,000. Some experts predict the 756th home-run ball,...
ARE YOU RICH? Check your tickets! The winning numbers drawn last night in the $206 million Mega Millions lottery drawing were 4, 21, 46, 51 and 53, with the Mega Ball number 5....
Regular marijuana use among Colorado middle and high school students declined after the start of legal cannabis sales to adults in the state, new federal data show.
The latest results from the National Survey on Drug Use and Health align with data collected thus far by Colorado and, as such, seem to provide some added reassurance to state regulators on a key goal: keeping marijuana out of the hands of kids and teens.
Larry Wolk, the executive director of the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment, said the new federal numbers offer “glimmers of hope.” But they also noted the federal survey's relatively small sample size and said a more thorough understanding of Colorado youth marijuana use will come next spring, when the state releases its own survey with a larger sample size.
“We at least get a glimmer of reassurance,” Wolk said of the new federal numbers. “I'd say that on the flip side too, if there were an increase. I'd say there's a glimmer of concern.”
The new results from the National Survey on Drug Use and Health, or NSDUH, cover the 2015-2016 time period. In those results, 9.08 percent of Colorado youths, aged 12 to 17, reported using marijuana in the month prior to being surveyed, according to the report. During the 2014-2015 period, 11.13 percent of youths that age reported using marijuana in the previous month.
The survey said the decline in use for 12- to 17-year-olds is statistically significant, meaning that it likely really happened and isn't a paper result caused by a mathematical blip.
“These survey results should come as welcome news to anyone who worried teen marijuana use would increase following legalization,” Brian Vicente, a Denver lawyer who was one of the state's leading proponents for cannabis legalization, said in a statement Monday.
Colorado voters legalized marijuana for recreational use by adults in 2012, but sales at stores did not begin until 2014.
In 2008 and 2009, the NSDUH reported that 10.17 percent of kids in Colorado ages 12 to 17 said they used marijuana in the previous month. While the newer numbers show a decline since that period, the overall trend is considered to be flat because it didn't have enough statistical certainty.
For all Coloradans over 18 years old, the NSDUH found that past-month marijuana use jumped from 9.72 percent in 2008-2009 to 16.62 percent in 2015-2016 — a statistically significant change. Use by that age group was statistically flat between the 2014-2015 and 2015-2016 period, though.
The NSDUH is published by a branch of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. It releases state data in two-year averages to account for small sample sizes in some states.
“I think the data reflect the trends we were seeing in the Healthy Kids Colorado Survey,” said Mark Bolton, marijuana adviser and senior deputy legal counsel to Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper. “I think we're encouraged by the numbers.”
In putting together its figures, the NSDUH polled fewer than 2,000 Coloradans of all ages. The Healthy Kids Colorado Survey, which the state publishes every other year, queried nearly 17,000 teens for its most recent report. That report, released in 2016, found that teen marijuana use had not increased in Colorado following legalization.
The next Healthy Kids Colorado Survey comes out in the spring.
One advantage of the federal survey, though, is it allows comparisons among states. Kevin Sabet, the president and CEO of the group Smart Approaches to Marijuana, which is opposed to legalization, said the NSDUH shows that Colorado consistently ranks among the states with the highest marijuana use.
Most concerningly, they said, Colorado was first in the country for people over the age of 12 who reported using marijuana for the first time during the 2015-2016 period — an estimated 3.84 percent. Colorado was also tops for young adults, ages 18 to 25, who reported their first use of marijuana during those years.
Sabet said those figures could be an early indicator of future use increases. They also noted that the recently published NSDUH results do not reveal how many Coloradans are using marijuana more frequently than once a month. Deep dives into earlier NSDUH data found that the number of people using marijuana daily or almost-daily across the country has been increasing.
“It's going to be interesting to see where it goes over the next several years,” Sabet said. “Two years does not make a trend. We want to look at more data points over more than just two years.”
Still, Bolton said the new federal numbers are reason for Colorado to continue its regulatory efforts. The state has ferried resources toward efforts such as youth drug education and prevention programs. It has also imposed ID requirements at marijuana stores, restrictions on advertising, and rules on packaging and labeling.
“We've made a strong commitment in this administration to try and decrease youth use,” they said. “So while we're encouraged by the numbers, our work will certainly continue.”
Best Fish Sandwiches In MinnesotaA breaded, deep fried rectangular patty made from white meat fish such as cod or pollock, the fish sandwich, or fishwich, came into its own as a burger when introduced at McDonald's in 1962. Since then, the fish sandwich has become a lunch and dinner favorite. If you favor the local catch, try a walleye fish sandwich.
Police in Paris on Wednesday cleared a migrant camp, home to some 1,700 migrants living beside a canal under the Fench capital's ringroad.
CRS riot police were deployed at dawn, some arriving by boat, as the migrants emerged from their tents and waited patiently to be bussed away from the Port de la Villette camp in the north-east of Paris.
Most of the people living in the makeshift camps on the edge of a canal in the Villette area come from the horn of Africa.
The migrants would be housed temporarily at more than 20 sites across the Paris region while the authorities checked their identities, Interior Minister Gérard Collomb said in a statement.
This is the 35th police operation to have taken place in the French capital since mid 2015.
Aid groups working earlier this month called on authorities to address deteriorating conditions at the camp, warning of security and health risks.
Louis Barda of medical charity Médecins du Monde (Doctors of the World) said the situation had been steadily worsening, calling the Villette camp "unlike any we've ever seen in Paris".
Tensions in the camp had seen people needing treatment "after being hit with iron bars, people with gaping wounds, knife cuts", they said.
One man drowned after falling into the canal earlier this month.
Aid groups say the camps in Paris have attracted smugglers from the port city of Calais, offering them a chance to reach Britain, where many migrants believe it would be easier to find work and potentially asylum.
Two similar camps in the capital - one along the Canal St Martin which houses 800 mostly Afghan migrants, the other at Porte de la Chapelle, home to 300-400 people - would also be quickly evacuated, said regional prefect Michel Cadot.
The camps have been the focus of a row between the city council and the government over whose responsibility it was to clear them and what facilities would be provided for the occupants.
FIFA volunteers in Kazan took part in a flash mob on Tuesday (July 3) as the last game of the host city approaches.
Around 80 local and international volunteers, who learned the choreography over the past week, danced during the official song of the World Cup.
Kazan will host its last game on Friday (July 6), where Brazil and Belgium will battle for a place in the semi-finals.
Contains a page from one of the first copies of the Koran
Thousand year-old books have settled in the most futuristic of homes, gently cooled and shielded from the sun in an underground chamber of Qatar's National Library.
Designed by Pritzker Architecture Prize winner Rem Koolhaas, the library was opened by Qatar's emir and their parents, who started the project in 2012. The family rules the world's richest people, and that wealth has its perks.
========
Shelves sit inside Qatar's National Library. Source: Qatar National Library
Credit: Qatar National Library
Caption 1- Shelves rise above the central space, and include lighting, ventilation and a book return system.
=======
The Heritage Collection, six meters (19.7 feet) below the main floor, includes maps and letters tracing the history of Qatar, from the first mention of Catara by a second century Greco-Roman cartographer to documents demarcating its modern borders. Other treasures are from another era: a page from one of the first copies of the Koran from the 9th or 10th century, and the medical and mechanical engineering books of Arab and Persian scholars who carried knowledge forward during the Dark Ages from 500 to 1000 AD.
An open, triangular space serves as the library's focal point. Shelves are made of the same white marble as the floors, and rise along the edges of the building. Computer stations, interactive displays, and other digital devices are intended to make it less of a museum and more functional for the community.
========
Books sit on display inside Qatar's National Library. Source: Qatar National Library
Credit: Qatar National Library
Caption 2- Heritage Collection is a repository of scientific texts and manuscripts from the golden ages of Arab and Persian civilizations.
========
A day after the opening last week, both Qataris and foreigners were wandering the space, which is part of Qatar's Education City, a complex of U.S. university branches such as Georgetown, Cornell and Northwestern. In keeping with the academic spirit, no books and information will be considered taboo or forbidden, Sohair Wastawy, the library's executive director, said in an interview.
Qatar National Library's millionth book. Source: Qatar National Library
“It's an open platform for learning,” they said. “Hiding information, not learning about others, that doesn't help anybody.”
========
Credit: Qatar National Library
Caption 3- The library's millionth book: an 843-year-old copy of “Sahih Al Bukhari” one of the main books of sayings by Islam's Prophet Muhammad.
========
About
Typewritten Portraits is the result of four years investigating image making with typewritters. Typewritten Portraits" is the result of three yea… Read More
Typewritten Portraits is the result of four years investigating image making with typewritters. Typewritten Portraits" is the result of three years investigating image-making with typewriters. The show consists of 17 portraits of authors and songwriters, typed either on this AEG Olymp or on an Olivetti Linea 80 between 2013 and 201 The limitations of the typewriter are used as language, connecting technique and appearance. The fixed-width alphabet and superimposed letters are used to create detailed images from the illusion of shades of gray, while the analog impressions of the machine make results unforeseeable and irrep roducible. Like those portrayed did, the author arranges letters on a page to produce meaning. Read Less
Published:
Welcome back to MOM FRIENDS, the 3-part series where moms chat about making friends with others parents.
This is the last leg of journey! So we're asking the ever-important question, the reason we should or shouldn't be chatting "mom friends" in the first place.
Here we go:
Are mom friends really that important?
We talked about WHY it's hard to make and maintain friends as a mom, and HOW moms are doing it (like Facebook, for example). But this question is key.
Most of the moms we spoke to said friendships, whether it be with parents or non-parents, are important. To bounce ideas off of, to vent to, to brag to, to laugh with and more. The key, it seems, does friends make you feel like you're not alone.
Check out what the moms had to say.
As a young mom, having other parent friends helps you feel less like an outsider:
Ashley Lopez, mother of 3:
"When I was younger I thought it was really important to have mom friends. I had my son at 18 and was 23 when I had my daughter. At 18, all of my friends from high school were going out and being a normal 18-year-old. I still wanted to be around other moms so I wouldn't feel so alone and embarrassed.
When I had my daughter, I was attending ASU and no one that I talked to had any kids so I definitely did not fit in. I don't know if it was the age or the relationship I was in, but I didn't feel like I needed to be friends with other moms. Of course it would be nice because they understand your life more, but it's just not that important to me anymore. I'm happy with the way my life is now with mom friends and my non-mom friends."
Ashley Lopez of Arizona poses with their three children and their husband at their wedding.
Drey Johnson
What Lopez wants people to know:
I think it's just important to be around people who will better your life as a person and a mother. That being said, I'm also a stepmom and it is important to meet women who are stepmoms. It's a different territory and it's difficult to not over step any boundaries or to just understand the boundaries in general. Talking to other moms truly does help.
It's always good to get advice from fellow moms
Tatyana, mother of 1:
"They're someone who can offer advise and be an ear. Someone who knows what you're going through."
What Tatyana wants people to know:
It's okay not to have mom friends as well. I have plenty of friends who aren't parents but can provide great examples as individuals.
Kristi Piper, mother of 5:
I have a "Google friend" whom I go to for any questions like where to sign my kids up for football or need-to-know info about the area. "I consider ... friendships very valuable."
Friends remind you of your individuality
Jordan Johnson, mother of 1:
Jordan Johnson poses at the Wooden Shoe Tulip Festival in Oregon with their husband and son.
Courtesy Jordan Johnson
"I think it's important for mom's to go out without their kids every once and a while too. It feels like once you become a mom then you don't get to be your own person anymore, you have to be completely selfless and put your kids first 100% of the time. Some people are able to do that but you shouldn't feel bad for needing a break from your kids. It's nice to go out with your friends and have a conversation without constantly being interrupted."
It's nice to be with people who get it
Araceli Perez, mother of 2 :
"It's nice to relate to the mom friends that I do have. Most of the time, when my kid decides to act out, I don't feel discouraged around them since they can relate. ... The best mom friends are the ones that never judge or try to say something when it comes to your choices."
It's different than a romantic relationship
Whitney Ford, mother of 2:
"I notice when I get out of the house, it always ends up being worth it," Ford said. It's "having the empathy and human connection" that is so important they added.
Whitney Ford with friend Alli Mayes, whom they met through a Facebook group for parents in Arizona.
Courtesy Whitney Ford
"It's good for your mental health to have another person that you can relate to on that level," they said. And it's different than a spouse.
"Moms and dads experience parenthood differently, so having other mom friends ... I really do think it's important for your wellbeing."
Like all the Moms?
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter.
READ MORE:
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
CAPA – Centre for Aviation stated (05-Oct-2017) Monarch Airlines has proceeded to return aircraft to lessors. The carrier, upon ceasing operations on 02-Oct-2017, has returned a total of nine A320/A321s to their respective lessors as of 04-Oct-2017.
"Last year we lost both houses of the Legislature and suffered a devastating defeat," reads the letter from the Coalition to Draft Rick Nolan for Governor. "We need a candidate for governor who appeals to the broadest number of Minnesotans, based on proven DFL policies and principles."
The group warns: "If we lose the governorship in 2018, we will become Wisconsin," a reference to the Republican control of the Badger State's Legislature and governor's seat.
Nolan's spokesperson in January said Nolan is considering a run and didn't have a timeline for making a decision.
The coalition that sent the letter includes current and former state legislators such as Joe Begich, Ron Dicklich, Rob Ecklund, Jason Metsa and David Tomassoni. The group also includes Iron Range businesspeople and mining interests and is chaired by 8th District DFL Chair Justin Perpich.
"At a time when the DFL Party is reeling from significant losses in the 2016 elections, Congressman Nolan is the perfect candidate to stop the party's hemorrhaging of working class voters," the group said in an email Tuesday.
Nolan would join a growing field of DFL contenders for governor: State Auditor Rebecca Otto, St. Paul Mayor Chris Coleman and state Rep. Erin Murphy of St. Paul all have thrown their hats in the ring. Minnesota Republican Party Chairman Keith Downey, Minnesota House Speaker Kurt Daudt and Hennepin County Commissioner Jeff Johnson are also vying for the nomination from their party.
Incumbent DFL Gov. Mark Dayton has said they will not seek re-election in 2018.
Boosted by strong sales of its PlayStation 4 games, Sony Corp. on Friday reported a nearly fourfold increase operating profits in the three months ended Dec. 31.
Revenue grew 11.5 percent in the period — aided also by growing demand for its image sensors used in smartphones.
The Tokyo-based electronics and entertainment company posted operating net income of $3.2 billion in the quarter, on revenues of $23.65 billion.
Sony said earnings per share totaled $2.03. On an adjusted basis, EPS was $1.89, beating Wall Street's expectations of $1.15.
It was the highest third-quarter profit for Sony ever, prompting the firm to raise its profit forecast for the year ending March 31 to $6.6 billion.
Sony's game division logged a 70.8 percent increase in profit to $773.7 million on sales of $6.6 billion.
Sony Pictures logged a $93 million profit, boosted by “Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle,” as revenue at the film division totaled $2.37 billion.
The music division reeled in nearly $2 billion in revenue, marking a 22 percent increase, pushing operating income to $358 million as recorded music and streaming performed well.
Mobile was the only Sony division logging declines for the quarter. Revenues dipped 12.5 percent while operating income fell 25.4 percent.
Woman arrives with an “emotional support peacock” at Newark Airport. United Airlines allegedly refused to let the woman board the aircraft with their peacock. https://t.co/1WYMoFOUNs pic.twitter.com/H3guu25Frg — ABC News (@ABC) January 31, 2018 Source: ABC News /Twitter
MAJOR US AIRLINES are clipping the wings of “emotional support animals” hoping to take flight with their owners over safety concerns, as a would-be peacock passenger created a social media tizzy.
United Airlines — which this week turned Dexter the Peacock away at New Jersey's Newark Airport over health and safety concerns — announced on Thursday it was reining in regulations on emotional support animals, citing a 75% jump in customers taking creatures on board and a spike in related incidents.
Federal guidelines support the right of passengers with disabilities to board with a variety of emotional support or service animals, but airlines can deny boarding to some exotic or “unusual” pets.
“The Department of Transportation's rules regarding emotional support animals are not working as they were intended, and we need to change our approach in order to ensure a safe and pleasant travel experience for all of our customers,” the airline said in a statement.
Queried by AFP, United spokesperson Charlie Hobart said the peacock kerfuffle had “no relevance whatsoever” to the policy change, which will go into effect 1 March, and the timing “was a complete coincidence”.
We've been working on this policy for some time, well before this weekend's incident with Dexter.
They noted that the majestic bird with iridescent blue and green plumage was not allowed onboard under current policy, which prohibits from cabin travel for a menagerie including hedgehogs, rodents, non-household birds and “animals not properly cleaned or carrying a foul odor”.
United's move follows Delta's decision to implement new documentation requirements for owners hoping to fly with their animals, a new policy it said “comes as a lack of regulation that has led to serious safety risks involving untrained animals in flight”.
‘Comfort turkeys'
Source: SIPA USA/PA Images
That airline said it had seen an 84% jump in reports of animal incidents since 2016, including an emotional support dog weighing over 30 kilograms that gave another passenger facial wounds requiring 28 stitches.
“Customers have attempted to fly with comfort turkeys, gliding possums known as sugar gliders, snakes, spiders and more,” Delta said. “Ignoring the true intent of existing rules governing the transport of service and support animals can be a disservice to customers who have real and documented needs.”
The Association of Flight Attendants heralded Delta's tightened requirements.
An American spokesperson told AFP that the airline was reviewing its policy, while vowing to “continue to support the rights of customers, from veterans to people with disabilities, with legitimate needs”.
Dexter the Peacock, meanwhile, was forced to make the trek to Los Angeles via car, according to the bird's Instagram account.
“Spent 6 hours trying to get on my flight to LA,” read a caption next to an image of the peacock — which reportedly belongs to a New York-based performance artist — perched on a baggage trolley.
“Tomorrow my human friends are going to drive me cross country!”
- © AFP, 2018
Creative youngsters who took part in a national children's writing competition were influenced by Donald Trump more than any other public figure - according to analysts at Oxford University Press (OUP).
In fact the word ‘Trump' was used so frequently in the 131,798 entries for the 2017 BBC Radio 2 Chris Evans' Breakfast Show's 500 Words competition that OUP has named it the Children's Word of the Year - with an increase in mentions of 839 per cent on the previous year.
""What is amazing is that whatever issues they are having at home, whatever is missing from their lives or causes them pain, our school is theirs""
Andria Zafirakou Winner, Global Teacher Prize
Image caption Dr Kogan has said Facebook is using them as a scapegoat in the crisis
The academic at the centre of the Facebook data scandal has said the social network is in full-on "PR crisis mode".
Aleksandr Kogan's remarks came as they faced a grilling over their role from MPs.
The social network was fully aware that its platform "was being mined by thousands of others", they said.
They also rubbished Cambridge Analytica boss Alexander Nix's initial claims that it had not received data from him.
"That is a fabrication," they said.
In a later clarification, Cambridge Analytica did admit that it had licensed data from the firm set up by Dr Kogan, although denied that the information was used in the US elections.
At a press conference held after Dr Kogan's appearance before the Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee, Cambridge Analytica spokesperson Clarence Mitchell said the company was "no Bond villain".
"Data analysis is commonly used for better targeting and is perfectly legitimate. It is not some Bond-like brainwashing as has been portrayed by some."
Money-making exercise?
Dr Kogan was questioned by MPs about their role in the data harvesting row.
They revealed that they had signed a non-disclosure agreement with Facebook, which prevented them from revealing some details about their relationship with the tech giant to the MPs.
The Cambridge academic has become a central figure in the debate over whether the personal information of millions of Facebook users was used in US elections without their consent.
During the committee hearing, they explained that they were approached by SCL - the parent firm of Cambridge Analytica - in spring 2014 about monetising an app they had developed at the University of Cambridge's Psychometrics Centre.
They set up a commercial entity - Global Science Research - and later developed the personality quiz My Digital Life for SCL, using a market research firm to recruit 200,000 people to take part.
At the time, the social network's terms and conditions - which have since been changed - allowed developers to cull the details of all of these people's friends as well.
"Initially the conversations with SCL were about consulting services, survey designs and the interest in Facebook data grew out of that," they said.
MPs grilled them on the relationship with business partner Joseph Chancellor, with whom they set up GSR and who is now employed by Facebook.
"Facebook has called your company a scam and a fraud. Is it not odd that they employ someone who by their admission has violated the platform's policies?" asked committee chairperson Damian Collins.
"I don't believe that they actually believe this. They know that their platform is being mined left and right by thousands of others," Dr Kogan replied.
"It is convenient to point the finger at my firm and call it a rogue agency," they added.
They were asked whether the firm had been set up as a money-making exercise and replied that it had only received £230,000 in total.
Initial payments of between £600,000 and £800,000 from SCL were used to pay those who agreed to take the quiz, they said.
In written evidence presented ahead of the committee, Dr Kogan pointed out that the personality scores provided to Cambridge Analytica's parent firm SCL were "highly inaccurate".
"We estimate that we were right about all five traits for about 1% of the people."
They added that the data would not have been useful for micro-targeting ads on Facebook.
Not brainwashing
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Cambridge Analytica's suspended chief executive Alexander Nix has postponed another appearance before the DCMS committee
Following their appearance, Cambridge Analytica broke its silence on the row with a press conference held in London.
Spokesman Clarence Mitchell agreed that the data Dr Kogan had provided to the company had been "virtually useless".
"It was only just above random guessing in statistical terms," they said.
They reiterated that the data had not been used in the US presidential campaign and that while Cambridge Analytica had pitched for work to both Vote Leave and Remain, it had undertaken no work for either side in the EU referendum campaign.
They said the results of an independent inquiry into the company were due imminently.
When questioned about the notable absence of currently suspended Cambridge Analytica chief executive Alexander Nix, Mr Mitchell said they were "not here to speak for him".
But they defended Mr Nix's decision to "postpone" an appearance in front of the Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee.
"He is keen and willing to speak to the DCMS committee but has been advised that they should not do so while an independent inquiry is ongoing."
On Thursday, Facebook's chief technology officer, Mike Schroepfer, will be questioned by the committee.
The Los Angeles Lakers and the Sacramento Kings will be playing against each other in a preseason game at T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas one week after a shooting killed 58 people and wounded 489 at a concert in Vegas.
Both teams, and the arena, AEG and MGM Resorts International are going to be donating the proceeds from the game to people affected by the shooting. Per the news release, “all of the money raised will go directly to benefit victims, their families and first responders.”
The Lakers and Kings released the following statements from their team owners:
Watch Jade Le Pesq's stunning try as France beat Ireland 24-0 in their Women's Six Nations encounter.
Available to Uk users only.
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari, adding th...
Hosting their first state visit, President Trump on Tuesday morning welcomed their French counterpart Emmanuel Macron to the White House during a formal arrival ceremony on the South Lawn.
The president and First Lady Melania Trump greeted Macron and their wife, Brigitte, amid heavy pomp as almost 500 service members from all five branches of the military stood at attention for a “Review of the Troops.”
Vice President Mike Pence, Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin and Chief of Staff John Kelly were among those in attendance to shake hands with the two leaders and their spouses.
Trump and Macron both sent their condolences to the families of the victims of the deadly van attack Monday in Toronto, and to the Bush family after the death of former First Lady Barbara Bush.
Former President George H.W. Bush has since been hospitalized with a blood infection.
Speaking in French, Macron said they wished to “express our deepest sympathy to President Bush and their family,” adding that at this time, “We stand together.”
In their remarks, Trump hailed France for its role in helping to respond to a chemical attack on civilians in the Damascus enclave of Douma in Syria.
“Along with our British friends, the United States and France recently took decisive action in response to the Syrian regime's use of chemical weapons,” Trump said.
“I want to personally thank President Macron, the French military and the French people for their steadfast partnership,” they said. “They were absolutely incredible.”
Trump said the “wonderful friendship” they have cultivated with Macron is a testament to the two nations' enduring alliance.
The two leaders are meeting on a number of issues, including the future of the Iran nuclear deal and the crisis in Syria.
On Tuesday evening, Macron will be honored with Trump's first state dinner, where about 150 guests will dine on rack of lamb and nectarine tart before enjoying a performance by the Washington National Opera.
With Post wires
Image copyright Google Image caption The message was left in a toilet at Florence Boot Hall at the University of Nottingham
A university is investigating after a message reading "uni girls love rape" was left on a bathroom floor.
The message was made using toilet paper in a shared bathroom at the Florence Boot Hall at the University of Nottingham.
A picture of the message has been posted on Twitter, with users describing it as "absolutely vile" and "disturbing".
The university said it had been removed and an investigation had been opened.
Victoria Kaye posted the picture on Twitter and asked: "What the hell is this doing in one of the University of Nottingham Florence Boot Halls shared bathroom?
"This is disgusting. What is wrong with people."
In reply to their picture on Twitter, one user wrote: "This is absolutely vile, would like to see some action taken to investigate this."
Another added: "Wow I'm rethinking taking up my place at Nott. What an awful advert for the type of students."
Replying to Ms Kaye's picture, the university's Twitter account said: "This disgusting message was removed as soon as staff were made aware of it.
"It doesn't reflect the values of the Uni and the behaviour we expect within our community. We're investigating to find who placed it there."
The account also shared a link to the university's website where students can report hate crimes.
Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, on Twitter, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.
Erbil International Airport director general Talar Faiq confirmed (05-Oct-2017) international services are suspended at the airport until 29-Dec-2017, although the airport remains operational. Mr Faiq said the suspension is affecting the airport's income, pointing out Iraqi Airways has not paid "one dinar" for the services they receive. They noted Iraqi Airways has not paid for ground handling services since the middle of 2016 and are "always late paying for the fuel they uplift at Erbil". Eribil Airport will continue to review its operations. Passenger traffic via Iraqi Airways is down by 50%, Mr Faiq said. [more - original PR]
CALGARY, Alberta (AP) — Corey Perry scored 1:30 into overtime and the Anaheim Ducks rallied from three goals down to beat the Calgary Flames 5-4 Monday night, taking a 3-0 series lead in the first-round series.
Perry's sharp-angled shot deflected off several players and past Flames goalie Brian Elliott.
Shea Theodore had two goals, Nate Thompson had a goal and two assists, and Nick Ritchie also scored for the Ducks. Rickard Rakell, Kevin Bieksa and Hampus Lindholm each had two assists.
John Gibson gave up four goals on 16 shots before they were replaced by Jonathan Bernier in the second period. Bernier stopped all 16 shots they faced.
Sean Monahan had a goal and an assist, and Kris Versteeg, Sam Bennett and Michael Stone also scored for Calgary. Mikael Backlund and T.J. Brodie each had two assists, and Elliott finished with 22 saves.
Game 4 is Wednesday night.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Jackson County prosecutor Michael Mansur announced Friday that because murder charges have been filed in Cass County, Jackson County will dismiss their pending case against Kylr Yust for burning Jessica Runions' car in 2016.
“The prosecutors in Jackson and Cass have agreed that we could best pursue justice by working together on this case,” said Jackson County Prosecutor Jean Peters Baker. “My office will work with Cass County in a joint commitment to the pursuit of justice for the victims in this case.”
Yust was charged with two counts of first degree murder and two counts of abandoning a corpse related to the disappearances and killings of Kara Kopetsky in 2007 and Jessica Runions in 2016.
Runions disappeared after they left a party with them in September 2016. Kopetsky vanished more than 10 years ago after they were last seen walking out of Belton High School.
Cass County Prosecutor Ben Butler has requested that Yust, currently in custody in Jackson County, be held on a $1 million bond. Yust is expected to be transferred to Cass County Friday afternoon.
The Jackson County Prosecutor's Office met this week with the Runions' family regarding its joint effort with Cass County to prosecute Yust and the dismissal of the pending case in Jackson County. The family wished to express their support of the joint effort and said their only concern was seeking justice for their daughter.
A decade separated the disappearances of both girls, but their remains were found near each other, just a few days apart in April 2017 when a mushroom hunter stumbled upon bones in rural Cass County.
Law enforcement agencies around metro Atlanta are alerting residents to a child pornography video of a young girl and an adult male being circulated via Facebook mail.
The Marietta Police Department says three residents reported the video on Friday. The video has been reported in other states as well.
According to authorities in Memphis, the video likely originated in Alabama. Law enforcement agencies there are aware of the video and are vigorously investigating the situation.
The Marietta Police Department emphasizes that anyone who receives this video must not share the video with anyone. Sending it to others will not assist in finding the perpetrators, and is considered distribution of child pornography. This is a crime, and you could be criminally charged for doing so.
“Sharing this image is considered distribution and you could be criminally charged for doing so,” department officials said. “Some people think that sharing it with the ‘right person' could help solve the crime. In this case, that is incorrect information, and we do not want to see an innocent person get in trouble.”
Anyone who receives the video is advised to not share the video with anyone, to notify Facebook immediately, and after that, deleting the file from your Facebook account. Facebook will notify the proper authorities when an inappropriate video is reported.
The Cobb County Police Department says they inadvertently sent a robocall about this alert to residents Friday night. While they wanted to alert residents to this issue, they did not intend to use the robocall system to do so.
Mansfield brothers Ben and Tom Birchall recorded a terrific win in the penultimate round of the FIM World Sidecar Championship in the Netherlands to remain unbeaten and move 30 points clear at the top of the standings.
Now the riders, who are backed by Mitchells of Mansfield, are on the brink of another magnificent world crown with just one round, and two races, left.
The Birchalls dominated free practice and also the qualifying session to claim pole position at the Cathedral of Speed track in Assen on the Saturday to start the following day's 17-lap gold race from the head of the grid.
The brothers went on to take a lights-to-flag victory on their LCR/Yamaha machine, although they didn't have it all their own way because they were chased from the off by arch rivals Pekka Paivarinta and Kirsi Kainulainen.
The two outfits were in close formation for the first seven of the 17 laps before Ben decided it was time to pull the plug and shake off the attention of the Finnish pair.
Steadily, the Mansfield duo began to pull clear, and by lap ten, they were into the backmarkers. They remained in control of the race to cross the finish line some seven seconds ahead of their rivals, with the fellow British pair of John Holden and Mark Wilks bringing their LCR/Kawasaki home in third place.
On returning home this week, Ben said: “We had a fantastic result at Assen in the World Championships in front of a massive 90,000-strong crowd, and we took one step closer to the world title.
“Once again, our thanks must go to our sponsors for their continued support and also to the organisers for such a great event.”
The final round of the series is at the Grobnik Automotodrom in Croatia over the weekend of September 8 and 9 when the Birchall brothers will contest a sprint race on the Saturday and then the gold race on the Sunday.
With an advantage of 30 points over Paivarinta and 50 championship points up for grabs in Croatia, Ben and Tom need to just finish the first race ahead of their nearest rivals to claim their third world title and their second in the 600cc class.
Prior to the trip to Croatia, the Birchalls will be at Cadwell Park in Lincolnshire this coming Sunday (August 20) to take part in the British Championship sidecar races which are run as a support to the British Superbike Championship.
The prototype device links to a host of wearables to gather health data for doctors
IDG
Researchers at IBM have developed a hub for wearables that can gather information from multiple wearable devices and share it with a doctor, potentially cutting down on the time patients need to spend in a hospital.
The gadget, which IBM has dubbed a 'cognitive hypervisor,' funnels data from devices such as smartwatches and fitness bands into the IBM Cloud. There, it's analyzed and the results are shared with the user and their doctor.
The idea is that patients can be monitored reliably through the device so they can be sent home to recover from illnesses a day or two earlier than they might otherwise have been allowed. It also means that should a problem develop, a doctor can be alerted immediately and an ambulance dispatched if it's serious enough.
IBM demonstrated a prototype of the device in San Francisco on Tuesday.
"I am Chiyo, your new companion. During this time, please touch me to start," it said after powering up. "Every time you touch me, I will tell you about your status."
Magdalena Petrova IBM's Chiyo health device as seen during a demonstration in San Francisco on February 14, 2017.
Fed with simulated data, the prototype alerted to a low blood oxygen level and a high temperature after it was tapped.
The device will react to voice commands and interact through a text-to-speech engine. One of the jobs facing researchers is to make the digital speech more realistic and more conversational.
Doing that will encourage users to interact with the device, said Rahel Strässle, a researcher working on the technology at IBM Research in Switzerland.
In developing the system, IBM isn't planning to get into the wearables business. Instead, it plans to offer the service as a platform on which other companies can build their own health services.
"They can use this technology to build their own wearable devices," said Bruno Michel, manager of smart system integration at the same IBM Research office.
The prototype is about the size of a grapefruit and is built with off-the-shelf components such as a Raspberry Pi and Arduino boards, but Michel thinks it can be made much smaller.
"I think in about five years, we will be able to have that fit into the ear canal," they said.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
LAS VEGAS — After just one game, it's already clear this Stanley Cup Final is on thin ice. Thin, patchy, slushy, rut-riddled ice.
The Vegas Golden Knights have shocked the sporting world by playing for a championship in their inaugural season. But their incredible playoff run has taken them straight into summer in the Mojave Desert, where temperatures routinely soar past 100 degrees from May to October.
With sizzling heat outside and a frenzied sellout crowd inside, T-Mobile Arena's ice melted into an inconsistent playing surface for the Golden Knights and the Washington Capitals in the series opener.
Despite constant sprucing from attendants during timeouts, both teams chased the puck through dozens of weird bounces and unpredictable slides while Vegas rallied for a 6-4 victory.
“It was pretty bad,” Washington forward Jay Beagle said. “It's so hot outside, so it's not like it's a surprise.”
And it's about to get worse: The mercury on the Strip could hit triple digits Wednesday for Game 2, when the league is likely to see its hottest outdoor temperature ever recorded at a Final game.
But before any Canadians develop heatstroke at the prospect of their national game being played in a Nevada swimming pool, players on both teams were eager to make it clear the Vegas ice is absolutely playable.
“It's the same for both teams, which is why it doesn't matter,” Vegas forward James Neal said. “It's still the same game for everybody. Of course, everybody would like to play on perfect ice, but that doesn't happen at this time of year.”
Middling ice quality can be a fact of life year-round in NHL rinks, particularly for the Sun Belt teams from Anaheim to Miami, yet their players still thrive. It's common to see ice deterioration in rinks at various latitudes when temperatures rise while the NHL playoffs roll through spring.
The Capitals are well aware they won't skate onto a pristine Nordic pond when they return to Capital One Arena for Game 3 on Saturday not with 85-degree temperatures and 70-percent humidity in the Washington forecast.
“It's probably the time of the year where it's pretty hard to keep the ice fresh,” Washington forward Evgeny Kuznetsov said. “But both teams play on the same ice.”
Both coaches used the Vegas ice quality to emphasize points in their game plan that would probably be important on any surface. Washington's Barry Trotz and Vegas' Gerard Gallant want a north-south approach with crisp passes, minimal puck-handling and no turnovers.
It's all easier said than done when the puck refuses to behave.
“The pucks were bouncing pretty good,” Trotz said. “Unfortunately, the ice wasn't great. There was a lot of chaos.”
Dan Craig, the NHL official responsible for masterminding and maintaining the temporary ice sheets at outdoor games across the continent, has been working on the Vegas ice with the in-house crew. The sheet only went down one day before the series opener because T-Mobile had a Pink concert booked Saturday night again, something that happens in playoff arenas all the time.
Gallant hopes the ice will be more consistent after two more days to set up. Most of the Capitals reported better conditions during practice at T-Mobile on Tuesday although the arena also wasn't filled with more than 18,575 screaming, sweating people.
“I don't know if it was the empty building or just like everything it needs to cure a bit, but I thought it was really good (at practice),” Trotz said. “So hopefully, that will help both teams.”
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Ancestry.com Helps Family of Dead Boy Find Identity Thief
A Pennsylvania man who assumed the identity of a baby who died in Texas in 1972 was arrested on charges of Social Security fraud and aggravated identity theft after the child's aunt discovered the ruse through Ancestry.com, federal authorities said.
Jon Vincent, 44, was arrested in Lansdale, near Philadelphia, on Monday. A federal magistrate on Wednesday ordered them to appear for an arraignment May 2.
Prosecutors said Vincent stole Nathan Laskoski's identity after escaping from a Texas halfway house in March 1996 and used their new name to start another life. Vincent had been convicted in Texas of indecency with a child, though the precise sentence they were serving wasn't immediately clear, said Michele Mucellin, a spokesperson for the U.S. attorney's office in Philadelphia.
The real Nathan Laskoski died at 2 months old in December 1972.
Authorities said Vincent first obtained a Social Security card as Laskoski in 1996. They lived in Mississippi; Tennessee; and Penn Hills and York, Pennsylvania, under the assumed name, authorities said. They held jobs, received a driver's license and even got married as divorced as Laskoski before the scheme unraveled late last year, according to online court records.
That's when Nathan's aunt did a search on Ancestry.com, a genealogy website.
In researching their family tree, Nathan's name came up as a "green" leaf on the website, meaning public records showed they were alive. The aunt told Nathan's mother, who did more research and learned that someone had obtained a Social Security card under their son's name in Texas. Nathan's mother also found public marriage and divorce records, and they filed an identity theft complaint with the Social Security Administration.
An investigator from the SSA's Office of Inspector General took it from there in January, court records show.
Nathan's mother told the investigator they remember a strange telephone call sometime in 1996, from someone asking questions about their deceased son, including their Social Security number. After answering some of the questions, they questioned the caller, who hung up. When they called the police, they told them it was likely a scam, but nothing more happened, court records show.
Social Security records show Vincent has been employed, as Laskoski, and earned income every year since 1996.
Most recently, they were working as a nurse's aide, according to licensing records of the Pennsylvania Department of Health. A license was issued to Laskoski in July 2004 and is set to expire in July 2018, the investigator determined.
Court records don't say where Vincent was working under Laskoski's name, and Mucellin, the prosecutor's spokesperson, also couldn't say.
The Social Security fraud charge carries up to five years in prison upon conviction. The aggravated identity theft charge carries a penalty of two years in prison consecutive to any sentence imposed for the fraud count.
Vincent remained jailed Wednesday. Their federal public defender did not immediately return a request for comment.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
(LOS ANGELES) — Roseanne Barr has gone from apologizing for their tweet about Valerie Jarrett, which many saw as racist, to declaring that she's not a racist.
“I'm not a racist, I never was & I never will be,” Roseanne tweeted Wednesday. “One stupid joke in a lifetime of fighting 4 civil rights 4 all minorities, against networks, studios, at the expense of my nervous system/family/wealth will NEVER b taken from me.”
Barr also retweeted President Trump's tweet about ABC's cancellation of their sitcom, in which they said, “Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that ‘ABC does not tolerate comments like those' made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?” Iger is chairperson and CEO of The Walt Disney Company, which owns ABC.
Meanwhile, in a memo to ABC employees Wednesday, Disney-ABC Television Group President Ben Sherwood wrote, “Much has been said and written about yesterday's decision to cancel the Roseanne show. In the end, it came down to doing what's right and upholding our values of inclusion, tolerance, and civility.”
They then added, “Not enough, however, has been said about the many men and women who poured their hearts and lives into the show and were just getting started on next season. We're so sorry they were swept up in all of this and we give thanks for their remarkable talents, wish them well, and hope to find another way to work together down the road.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Image caption US law firm Baker McKenzie is expanding its office based in Belfast Harbour
US law firm Baker McKenzie is to expand its Belfast office, creating 150 new posts.
The company, which came to Northern Ireland in 2014 and currently employs 300, said the expansion "underscores our commitment" to the city.
As one of 77 global offices, staff are involved in back office legal work and support roles like IT and marketing.
The firm had previously said Brexit would not impact its Northern Ireland operations.
As part of the expansion, it will take new floor space in City Quays 2, alongside its existing home in Belfast Harbour at City Quays 1.
James Richards, executive director of Baker McKenzie in Belfast, said: "Our lawyers and professional staff around the globe have been really impressed at what we have created in Belfast.
"The growth of our office has been a remarkable success story."
When it first came to Northern Ireland four years ago, the firm said its jobs would pay average salaries of £31,000.
It is one of several international professional services companies attracted - at least in part - by Northern Ireland's cost-effectiveness in terms of salaries and office costs.
Most of the work done in Belfast involves the US and other parts of the UK.
Jeremy Damstra, of Avon, has been promoted to director of service sales for GEM Energy, part of the Rudolph Libbe Group, a provider of construction and facility services.
Walbridge, Ohio - Jeremy Damstra, of Avon, Ohio, has been promoted to director of service sales for GEM Energy's Service Group.
More Headlines Articles
In their new position, Damstra will manage the GEM Energy Service Group team at Rudolph Libbe Group's offices in Toledo, Cleveland and Lima, Ohio, and Detroit. They joined GEM Energy in 2010 as an applications engineer and progressed to business development manager in 2017. They hold a bachelor's degree in engineering from Ferris State University's HVAC engineering program.About GEM EnergyGEM Energy provides comprehensive services and technologies to improve customer business performance and reduce facility operation costs. GEM Energy's expertise encompasses engineering, procurement, construction, operations and maintenance. Services include combined heat and power (CHP) systems, HVAC and plumbing, facility management, utility procurement, solar development, building automation controls and energy efficiency solutions. Facilities served are commercial, industrial, institutional and mission-critical.GEM Energy is part of the Rudolph Libbe Group (RLG), a one-stop provider of construction and facility services that range from site selection and construction to energy solutions and ongoing facility management. The full-service contractor, comprised of Rudolph Libbe Inc., GEM Inc., GEM Energy, Lehman Daman and Rudolph Libbe Properties, is focused on ensuring our customers' success. The Rudolph Libbe Group is headquartered in Toledo with offices in Cleveland, Columbus and Lima, Ohio; Ithaca, New York; and Detroit, Michigan. For additional information, visit RLGBuilds.com and @RLGbuilds.
BURQIN, West Bank - Israeli soldiers shot and killed a Palestinian teenager during an arrest raid in the village of Burqin in the West Bank, Palestinian health officials said on Saturday.
A Reuters witness said about 200 Palestinians were throwing stones at Israeli military vehicles when a shot was heard, adding that a wounded person was then carried to a car.
Israel's military, which said it was checking the report, said its forces had been searching in Burqin for suspects involved in the fatal drive-by shooting of an Israeli rabbi from nearby Havat Gilad on January 9.
Israeli forces in the adjacent city of Jenin last month shot and killed a Palestinian gunman whom they suspected of involvement in the rabbi's shooting.
The Palestinian Health Ministry said the teenager killed on Saturday was 19 years old, while the hospital in Jenin where they were taken said they had been shot in the head.
Read more
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
Less than a month out from Tipperary's hurling Championship opener, Jason Forde is looking forward to the 20 May encounter with Limerick at the Gaelic Grounds.
The Tipperary full-forward has played a major role for the Premier County in this year's League campaign, as Tipp fell at the final hurdle, losing to Kilkenny in the decider.
And while the Nenagh native was named PwC GAA/GPA Player of the Month for April, 12 months ago, Forde was in a very different place.
The Silvermines clubman became involved in an altercation with Wexford manager Davy Fitzgerald, who had come onto the field of play to protest with the referee.
Forde worked their way into the path of the departing Wexford manager as they left the pitch and what followed was a one-match suspension for the UL student, which ruled them out of the All-Ireland opener.
"Looking back, the way it panned out, you obviously wish you didn't get into that altercation," said Forde, speaking in Tuesday's Examiner.
"These things happen. Davy Fitzgerald, in fairness to him, they came out and said there wasn't much in it.
"I think most people would be in agreement that there wasn't much in it but I suppose the GAA have a job to do as well and they made a decision."
Tipperary were beaten by Cork in that opening game of last summer's campaign, and while Michael Ryan's men fought their way through the qualifiers, before exiting at the semi-final stage, losing to All-Ireland champion Galway by just one point, the Fitzgerald incident proved a defining moment for Forde's summer.
The 2016 All-Ireland winner only started one game in that run to the final four and had to do with a place on the bench in that vital clash with the Tribesmen.
"It was kind of hard to take at the time. To be dealing with all that stuff, the possibility of being suspended.
"I didn't know whether it was or it wasn't and I ended up playing in the league final but then you find out that you do (have to serve a suspension) and you miss the first round of the Championship."
And while Forde blames social media for blowing the whole Fitzgerald incident out of proportion, they admitted that they could have avoided the ugly encounter.
"I suppose I had a decision as well where I didn't have to (get involved)," said Forde. "I could have turned around and gone away. It's just unfortunate the way it did turn out.
"The whole thing with social media, it kind of steamrolled from there."
But now, following this year's League campaign, Forde believes that their side can take plenty of positives going into the summer with no distractions in place ahead of that opening Munster round-robin fixture.
"Now versus last year, they are worlds apart," said Forde.
"Against Galway (in the league final) last year, it was a whitewash. We didn't show up at all. It can be hard to bounce back from that.
"This year, taking the league overall, we have a lot of positives that we'll be able to take from it."
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
We get it, Wrigley Field is a special place. And the Chicago Cubs ending a 108-year World Series drought was a special event in sports. But that doesn't mean loyal Cubs fans should succumb to the team's shameless marketing of that magical moment.
RELATED: How a trip to Pebble Beach helped the Cups win a title
According to ESPN's Darren Rovell, the team is selling 2,016 pieces of ivy to commemorate the Cubs' 2016 World Series title. And they're charging the outrageous price of $200. Per piece of ivy! Yep, TWO HUNDRED dollars. Oh, plus $15 for shipping and handling.
Whatever you do, please don't spend your money on this. What are you going to do with a piece of ivy anyway? Put it between glass? Use it as a bookmark? Eat it hoping to gain a superpower?
Of course, the Cubs aren't the first team to try to make a few bucks off stuff like this. Other baseball teams have sold dirt, basketball teams hawk pieces of the floor and hockey teams sell melted ice. To be clear, short of buying an actual seat from an arena or a stadium (not a piece of a seat, but a full seat), you're a sucker for buying any of these things.
And nice job by the Cubs to limit the purchases to 10 per fan. As if anyone would ever buy 10 of these. Who are we kidding, a few people probably already have. Sigh.
Seriously, if you're a Cubs fan, please spend your money on these cool Cubs headcovers. Or maybe, you know, go see the Cubs actually play. Or buy, well, basically anything else. Just don't waste your money on a leaf. Please.
RELATED: Watch Kyle Schwarber crush a golf ball with a baseball swing
WATCH MORE VIDEOS FROM THE LOOP
Marvel movie Deadpool has emerged as the most illegally downloaded movie of 2016 in a top ten list that's dominated by superheroes and sequels.
TorrentFreak compiled the data using several statistics (including stats from public BitTorrent trackers) to release its annual list, with the Ryan Reynolds-starring Deadpool coming out on top.
That was followed by DC's Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice and Marvel's Captain America: Civil War in second and third, respectively.
Hugely popular sequels Star Wars: The Force Awakens (fourth) and Finding Dory (ninth) also made the list, while Warcraft and Independence Day: Resurgence came sixth and seventh.
Other illegally-downloaded films that made the top ten include X-Men: Apocalypse (fifth), Suicide Squad (eighth), and The Revenant (tenth).
Deadpool may have topped the list of illegal downloads, but it still managed to be the sixth-biggest movie of the year in the USA, earning $363.1 million. Worldwide, it's managed more than $783 million.
No wonder Reynolds and the Deadpool creative team are hard at work on the inevitable sequel.
FILE - In this Wednesday, Dec. 19, 2012, file photo, a man walks past a Wells Fargo location in Philadelphia. The Federal Reserve is imposing more penalties on Wells Fargo, freezing the bank's growth until it can prove it has improved its internal controls. The new penalties were announced late Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, on Fed Chair Janet Yellen's last day at the central bank. Matt Rourke, File AP Photo
Image copyright Fashion Museum Bath Image caption The exhibition looks at the changing fashions of royal women in the 20th Century
A new exhibition exploring the fashions of four generations of royals has opened.
Royal Women, at the Fashion Museum in Bath, features clothes worn by Queen Alexandra, Queen Mary, Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother and Princess Margaret.
Curator Elly Summers said they showed the individual style of each woman as well as the evolution of fashion.
Some of the dresses in the exhibition are on loan from the Royal Collection.
Queen Alexandra
Image copyright Fashion Museum Bath Image caption The purple silk chiffon dress was made around 1910 for Queen Alexandra. Them dramatic tartan evening dress was made by Doeuillet in Paris
Queen Alexandra (1844-1925) was a fashion icon, whose look was quite different from that of their mother-in-law, Queen Victoria.
It is believed the purple silk dress made in 1910 was not worn; it was possibly discarded for mourning clothes on the death of their husband, Edward VII.
After their death in 1925, many of their clothes were sold and their tartan dress was discovered in the 1930s in a vintage shop in London.
Image copyright Fashion Museum Bath Image caption Queen Alexandra's evening dress was made from lilac silk by Morin Blossier in about 1893
Queen Mary
Image copyright Fashion Museum Bath Image caption Queen Mary (pictured in 1928) did not follow fashion and stayed true to their style, including this black and purple sequined evening dress and coat with fur trim.
Queen Mary's (1867-1953) style stayed constant through dramatic changes in fashions during the first half of the 20th Century.
The mother of George VI was known to be impeccably dressed; for evening wear they wore heavily beaded gowns and for day they wore tailored suits and large toque hats.
Image copyright Fashion Museum Bath/PA Image caption Queen Mary wore this dress and cape of gold lamé and turquoise cut velvet to the wedding of Princess Elizabeth to Lieutenant Philip Mountbatten at Westminster Abbey in 1947
Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother
Image copyright Royal Collection Trust/Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth Image caption The Queen Mother wore the Norman Hartnell grey silk satin ball gown (right) to a dinner for educational charity the English Speaking Union in New York on 3 November 1954
The Queen Mother (1900-2002) loved fashion and took a keen interest in designs, fabrics and colours.
Norman Hartnell designed much of what they wore.
Their gowns were hugely labour intensive - at this time they employed 400 staff, from cutters and seamstresses to embroiderers.
Princess Margaret
Image copyright Fashion Museum Bath Image caption The princess wore this Christian Dior strapless cream silk chiffon day dress (left) in 1952 to Royal Ascot. They were also a fan of royal couturier Norman Hartnell who made their evening wear (right)
Unlike their sister the Queen, Princess Margaret (1930-2002) had more freedom to explore fashion.
Many of their earlier outfits were designed by Norman Hartnell, and they became a patron of Christian Dior after they were introduced to their New Look collection in 1947.
Image copyright Fashion Museum Bath Image caption Princess Margaret worn this Christian Dior strapless black lace evening dress to a performance of Guys and Dolls at the London Coliseum on 23 July 1953
Royal Women runs from 3 February to 28 April 2019 at the Fashion Museum Bath.
President-elect Donald Trump tweeted Monday about Chicago's "record setting" violence in 2016, claiming the city should seek federal help if local authorities can't handle the crisis.
As Chicago closed on one of its most violent years in decades, President-elect Donald Trump tweeted Monday the city should seek federal help if local authorities can't handle the crisis.
“Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016,” Trump tweeted. “If Mayor can't do it they must ask for Federal help!”
Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it they must ask for Federal help! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 2, 2017
Data made available by the Chicago Police Department shows 2016 was one of the most violent years in the city since the mid ‘90s. While it wasn't a record, as Trump stated, Chicago saw 762 murders, 3,550 shooting incidents and 4,331 shooting victims in 2016.
The mayor's office did not immediately respond to Ward Room's request for comment on Trump's tweet, though Police Supt. Eddie Johnson told reporters Sunday they plan to hire nearly 1,000 more officers by the end of the year to help combat violence.
“If you give us the tools that we need to hold these individuals accountable, I promise you 2017 will be a much better, and safer, year for the city of Chicago,” Johnson said.
The mayor's office did not immediately respond to Ward Room's request for comment on Trump's tweet, though Police Supt. Eddie Johnson told reporters Sunday they plan to hire nearly 1,000 more officers by the end of the year to help combat violence.
“If you give us the tools that we need to hold these individuals accountable, I promise you 2017 will be a much better, and safer, year for the city of Chicago,” Johnson said.
Over the course of the campaign, Trump repeatedly referenced Chicago's violent crime.
“In Chicago, they've had thousands of shootings — thousands — since January first,” Trump said during the first presidential debate in September. “And I'm saying, ‘Where is this? Is this a war-torn country? What are we doing?'”
The Chicago City Council voted in November to remove honorary “Trump Plaza” street signs near the president-elect's riverfront hotel and condominium tower as a response to the Republican's incendiary rhetoric about the city.
Johnson made a commitment Sunday to reduce the city's violence in 2017. Besides hiring additional officers, the CPD plans to fund economic growth and provide support for young men in violent neighborhoods, police said.
On Sunday, “60 Minutes” aired a segment titled “Crisis in Chicago,” bringing renewed attention to the city's murder rate.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel met with the president-elect last month at Trump Tower in New York City, delivering a letter from mayors across the country calling for protections for young immigrants. However, it's unclear whether Emanuel and Trump discussed Chicago's violent crime.
Trump also met with Chicago rapper/producer Kanye West in December. Following the meeting, West tweeted that they discussed the city's violence with Trump.
