Martin cut short holiday to win Westmeath hurling medal 06 October 2017
Westmeath football star Kieran Martin (left) with their Fr Dalton's teammates and the Adrian Murray Cup after their side's county IHC final victory over Ringtown at Cusack Park, Mullingar. Westmeath football star Kieran Martin (left) with their Fr Dalton's teammates and the Adrian Murray Cup after their side's county IHC final victory over Ringtown at Cusack Park, Mullingar.
Westmeath football star Kieran Martin returned home early from a family holiday in Lanzarote to line out for Fr Dalton's in last Saturday's county intermediate hurling final.
And it all proved worthwhile when the Ballymore-based club defeated Ringtown by 1-11 to 1-7 at TEG Cusack Park to lift the Adrian Murray Cup at the fourth time of asking to secure their place in the senior ranks for the first time. The Fr Dalton's goal was scored by Martin's former Westmeath football team-mate John Gilligan.
A former county dual player, Martin has put football first in recent years, but revived their hurling career last month after helping their football club Maryland secure their senior status with a playoff victory over Caulry.
The 8-year-old Bronx boy tragically killed by a family friend attempting to park Monday was a relative of 1999 police shooting victim Amadou Diallo, their grieving relatives said Tuesday.
The family of third-grader Cellou Diallo is from the same West African tribe in Guinea as Amadou, who was killed Feb. 4, 1999, when four NYPD officers fired 41 shots at him, thinking they had a gun. Amadou was holding their wallet at the time.
Cellou's father's cousin was married to Amadou's mother, family members said.
“He wanted to live. They wanted to travel,” 26-year-old Maimouna Diallo, one of Cellou's three siblings, said of their little brother Tuesday. “He wanted to know everything. If they don't know, they would ask. They were full of curiosity.”
Cellou was about a block away from their home on Holland Avenue in the Williamsbridge section of The Bronx when they were fatally struck by a van driven by their neighbor.
The 34-year-old neighbor had just picked up Cellou and their own children from an after-school program at PS 41 when they were parking the car on East 215th Street around 6:05 p.m.
Witnesses said all of the kids had gotten out of the car, and Cellou then noticed that the van's wheel was still on the curb.
“The little boy said, ‘You're not parked good, your wheel is still on the curb,' ” said witness Sharon Martin, 40. “[The driver] said, ‘Stay on the sidewalk, and let me park properly.' ”
The driver then lost control of the vehicle as they reversed into the parking spot, mounted the curb and struck Cellou, pinning them against a small cement wall in front of a building, police said.
The motorist was not arrested. The incident is still being investigated by the NYPD's Highway Patrol Collision Investigation Squad.
“She was very hysterical when they called us,” Maimouna said of the driver, who lives below the family in the same building.
“She is feeling guilty. Our kids play together. They go to the same school, the same after-school program — they do everything together,” Maimouna said, adding: “She watches all the kids when no one is here to watch them.”
Maimouna, the oldest sibling of Cellou's, said: “We forgive them
“She did something out of kindness, and it turns out bad. Them kids were in the car, too. It could have been their own kids.
“We pick each other's kids up. They didn't do it maliciously. We are all from Guinea.  They are our own family.”
The heartbroken sister said they feel “empty” over their brother's death and vowed that Cellou “will never be forgotten.”
Cellou's father, Alpha Diallo, said Cellou was an honor student who aced their math exams.
“He was very smart,” Alpha said.
Cellou's 11-year-old brother, Thierno Souleymane, called Cellou their “best friend.
“We did everything together — we played video games, played outside,” Thierno said. “I just can't believe it. I cried. I'm going to miss him.”
Additional reporting by Stephanie Pagones
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
When Donald Trump brought their presidential campaign to Pittsburgh in early 2016, they promised that as president they would restore the region's coal and steel industries. A little more than a year after they took office, Pittsburgh and Pennsylvania's economies are a mix of pluses and minuses. So are the coal, steel and manufacturing industries that they vowed to rebuild.
Follow @insidefutbol
Rangers caretaker manager Graeme Murty is happy with the fact their team showed resilience to grind out a win at the weekend, insisting that the Gers will not always be on top of their game and must find ways to take all three points.
The Gers managed to come from behind to score two to win the Scottish Premiership match against Ross County 2-1 on Saturday.
The win was significant as it helped the Glasgow giants break the jinx of not being able to win three league games in a row and also helped them maintain their place in second spot in the league table.
Giving their opinion on what they saw unfold in front of their eyes on Saturday, Murty said that a team need not always dominate a game to win it and sometimes even scrapping is good enough as long as they manage the three points.
“You can't always flow, dominate and dictate in perhaps the way we want to – and I don't think we did", Murty told their club's official channel.
"But, sometimes you have to scrap and grind a win out, and sometimes those are as pleasing as the ones where you look really good.
“Things aren't always going to go our way, and we have to show a bit of resilience, which I think we did."
As far as fan expectations are concerned, Murty insists the Rangers players need to cope with them and see that they deal with that pressure and show braveness to win their matches.
“One of the key things we have to cope with is the expectation of the crowd.
"They expect us to dominate and dictate all the time, and I agree and concur with the fans – we should be doing that.
“It's not always possible, so we have to deal with that.
"We have to be strong enough to stand up and accept mistakes, but I want players who are brave and go and get on the ball even if the last thing they did wasn't particularly great or didn't work.
“So we have to be able to cope with that, and something that pleased me is we tried and we tried."
The mouth of Tapeats Creek, seen from the Colorado River.
GRAND CANYON NATIONAL PARK, Ariz. (AP) — Authorities searched Grand Canyon National Park on Monday for a teenager and their step-grandmother who were swept away as they tried to cross a creek during a family trip in a remote part of the park.
Two hikers in their group alerted officials over the weekend by setting off an emergency GPS locator beacon in the backcountry below the canyon's North Rim, according to Chief Ranger Matt Vandzura of the National Park Service.
They said the 14-year-old boy and 62-year-old woman lost their footing and were swept away Saturday in Tapeats Creek, a tributary of the Colorado River that runs through the Arizona landmark.
The McCallie School, an all-boys school in Chattanooga, Tennessee, said one of its students, eighth-grader Jackson Standefer, and their step-grandmother were swept downstream.
“The entire McCallie community sends its prayers to the Standefer family and all those close to Jackson as we all hope for a positive ending to this situation,” the school said in a statement, which didn't name the woman.
Vandzura declined to identify the missing pair, the other hikers or their relationship to each other. They said it's too early in the investigation to determine what went wrong.
No rain or flash flooding was reported in the area, but it was not known whether the water level of the creek was higher than usual.
Creeks in the canyon often see higher water levels in the spring as snow melts, Vandzura said.
The Park Service describes conditions in the area on its website, warning that melting snow or heavy rain may make crossing the creek impossible. It also said hikers can use a “sketchy, seldom used trail” that lets them walk around the creek when the water is high, but that the path should be used only as a last resort.
Authorities say the four hikers in the group were on a different path known as Tapeats Trail.
An Arizona Department of Public Safety helicopter searched for the missing pair Saturday night, and the Park Service sent a helicopter and several ground crews to comb the area Sunday.
The Park Service resumed the search Monday with ground crews, a helicopter and a drone.
I grew up hearing about the 1966 Texas Western Miners and understood they were a special team even though it was hard to acknowledge the history of our archrival just...
Video
Dashcam footage shows the moment a police car was rammed by a car carrying two suspected robbers.
Cleveland Police's cameras captured the footage during a chase along the Tees Flyover near Middlesbrough.
The A19's barriers were the only thing that stopped the police car plunging from the 66ft (20m) high dual carriageway.
Driver Terry Smith, 28, and passenger Dale Carter, 26, have been jailed.
Shocking pictures reveal the devastating effect prosecco can have on your teeth.
Everyone's favorite fizz turns teeth into a “chalk like powder” according to an alarming new study.
Dental scientists from the Oral Health Foundation left healthy human molars and incisors in the Italian sparkling wine for 14 days.
Prosecco is known for having a triple threat to your pearly whites for acidic bubbles, alcohol and a high sugar content.
And as we enter the party season more and more people will be knocking back the fizz.
But the study might make drinkers think again after the tooth was completely destroyed after being immersed in prosecco for a fortnight.
Dr. Ben Atkins told the Daily Mail: “If I were to pick the tooth up, it would likely turn to a chalk-like powder in my hand.”
“This could be extremely painful, leading to a need for extensive restoration or extraction.”
“Prosecco's high sugar [and acid] content hits drinkers with a double whammy of erosion and decay. At Christmas, if we are sipping a drink throughout the day, our teeth are under constant attack.”
Cola was also tested in the study and was shown to have an “extreme” and “shocking” effect on teeth.
Worries over the soft beverage lead to it being banned from school vending machines and cafeterias in a bid to keep kids' teeth healthy.
Atkins said: “Apart from the extensive staining, turning the tooth brown after only two days, it has also completely cracked in half owing to the huge extent of demineralization which has made it weak.
“The effects on young teeth can very quickly become extreme, devastating future oral health. With 12 spoons of sugar in a typical can of a cola-like drink, the decay potential is almost off the scale.”
Back in August the worries of the “prosecco smile” were revealed by a top London dentist.
Dr. Mervyn Druian said: “It is acidic and it has sugar in it so, while a few glasses are fine, if you drink too much of it you are going to have a problem. The signs of prosecco smile are where the teeth come out of the gum.”
“It starts with a white line just below the gum, which if you probe it is a little bit soft and that is the beginning of tooth decay which can lead to fillings and dental work.”
Video
England and Wasps rugby star James Haskell explains why they love fishing pieces of metal from the bottom of canals.
The Thibodaux Police Department is reporting the arrest of a homeless man who reportedly attacked a woman, then stole their vehicle after they tried to wake them up from a nap.
Chad Anthony Ayzinne, 26, was arrested for simple battery, unauthorized use of a motor vehicle, and two 17th JDC warrants for contempt of court for drug and traffic offenses.  They are being held at the Lafourche Parish Detention Center on a $30,500 bond.
Officials say on Tuesday, June 13 around 8 a.m., Ayzinne and the victim went to a business in the 400 block of N Canal Blvd. The victim reportedly allowed Ayzinne to sleep in their 2005 GMC Envoy while they went inside the business. They say when they returned, Ayzinne had moved into the driver's seat and had fallen asleep again.
When the victim attempted to wake Ayzinne, they say they became angry and threw something at her, striking them in the chest. They say they then slammed the door on their hand and drove away in the vehicle without their permission.
Police were called to the scene and began to search for the victim's vehicle. Officers were finally able to find the victim's vehicle abandoned in a parking lot of another business in the 500 block on Jackson St. Ayzinne was then located walking on E 7th St. Officials say they were taken into custody and transported to the Lafourche Parish Detention Center.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Imagine being kicked out of your home by your own dinner.
While the likelihood of a roast chicken springing to life and leading a mutiny against you is thankfully slim, Ni No Kuni's protagonist Evan – a descendant of cat royalty – is embarrassingly usurped as king of Ding Dong Dell by a band of rebel rats.
Most video game plots would then see you formulate a revenge plan, but in this JRPG adventure you're instead tasked with building a new kingdom and achieving world peace. Don't worry, though – this no boring tale of diplomacy.
With a fantastical world full of wacky characters, a revamped combat system and an abundance of new features, Revenant Kingdom is aiming to displace its wonderful predecessor as the new king of JRPGs. But is this a feat too great for young Evan and their motley crew?
Image caption Fiona Hyslop questioned Adam McVey over tourism tax plans on Twitter
Scotland's culture minister has rebuked the leader of Edinburgh city council for suggesting a tourist tax could be in operation in the city in 2019.
The council says adding a £1 charge to hotel guests' bills could raise £11m to fund local services in Edinburgh.
Leader Adam McVey posted on Twitter that such a scheme could be "ready for implementation" within 12 months.
But Fiona Hyslop replied saying there is "no agreement with the Scottish government" to make this happen.
The council is keen to introduce a "transient visitor levy" amid rising visitor numbers. Such occupancy or "bed tax" schemes are common in many EU countries, and other UK cities including Hull and London have pondered the idea.
However, such a move has been opposed by business groups such as the Federation of Small Businesses, who call it "potentially damaging".
Ms Hyslop - who was reappointed as culture secretary in June's cabinet reshuffle - has previously stated that taxing tourists "doesn't make sense" in light of already high VAT charges on the industry.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Edinburgh is a popular tourist destination
Mr McVey, an SNP councillor who leads the Edinburgh administration in coalition with Labour, said "quite a lot of progress" had been made on the scheme.
After they posted on Twitter that plans for a tourist tax would be "ready for implementation" within 12 months, fellow SNP representative Ms Hyslop - who is currently in Japan on government business - replied by posting three question marks.
They wrote: "So let's be clear - you have no shared plans, no tourist business consultation and no agreement with the Scottish government."
Mr McVey replied that the council was "in the process of business engagement" and said there was no agreement with the government "yet".
Skip Twitter post by @FionaHyslop ? ? ? So let's be clear - you have no shared plans,no tourist business consultation and no agreement with the Scottish Gov. — Fiona Hyslop (@FionaHyslop) July 4, 2018 Report
On Wednesday, Mr McVey said the council had "engaged pretty consistently" with the government, adding: "Fiona Hyslop said any scheme would require engagement with the industry and that's exactly what we're doing.
"We have taken a far more robust and professional approach and I've noticed a huge amount of openness to the idea in some quarters that were fairly dismissive of our previous attempts as a local authority."
The Scottish Conservatives - who oppose having a tourist tax scheme - said the exchange was "an embarrassing split right at the top of the SNP", with Ms Hyslop "slapping down" Mr McVey "in full public view".
SUPREME COURT VERDICT IN FAVOR OF AAP SAID DELHI GOVERNMENT HAS COMPLETE POWER EXCEPT 3
A Manhattan woman who wanted to become a mortician says the city coroner cut up their grandpa's corpse so badly that it made them drop their career plan.
Samantha Lindeman was horrified when they discovered that their grandfather had a large gash on their right cheek — which was unscathed when they died of a heart attack on March 28, 2016, at age 75.
“When [Lindeman] viewed the damage done to Mr. Swift's remains, they became greatly distraught,” says a suit against the city filed Monday in Manhattan Supreme Court.
They say the Medical Examiner's Office tried to cover up the harm.
“The funeral home employee also told Ms. Lindeman that the Medical Examiner's Office asked them to fix the damage and make it seem like nothing happened,” according to court papers.
“There seems to be no doubt that the ME's Office dropped this guy on their head,” Lindeman's attorney, Neal Wiesner, told The Post.
The family was able to hold an open-casket funeral only after extensive repairs, the lawyer said.
Their 37-year-old client, who had studied funeral services, “can no longer work in the industry due to the trauma of what they went through,” Wiesner said. “She knew what was involved in the repair, and it was very gruesome.”
 They are working part-time at the cosmetics chain Sephora instead.
A city Law Department spokesperson said the complaint will be reviewed.
“APC's Scurrilous Attack On Adeboye” – Pastor Reacts
APC's Scurrilous Attack On Adeboye – Bola Bolawole
The Redeemed Christian Church of God (TRCCG) embarks on the “Let's Go A-Fishing” programme twice in a year. Usually a four-day affair, the programme coincides with the birth of our Lord and Saviour, Jesus Christ during Christmas (December) and Their crucifixion and resurrection during Easter (March\April).
This piece was written by Bola Bolawole. The views and opinions expressed here are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of 360Nobs.com.
This December's “Go A-Fishing” itinerary last Saturday saw the General Overseer, Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye, criss-crossing towns and villages in Osun, Ondo, and Ekiti states, among others. At Ado-Ekiti, the Ekiti State capital, Governor Peter Ayodele Fayose, and the traditional ruler, the Ewi of Ado-Ekiti, Oba Rufus Adejugbe, were among the dignitaries that received Pastor Adeboye.
As it is characteristic of him, Pastor Adeboye prayed for Fayose, who had knelt down before them for prayer. Fayose is not the first Nigerian VIP to have so coveted Pastor Adeboye's prayers. Presidents and other governors had done so, including former President Goodluck Jonathan and the current president, Muhammadu Buhari.
Outside our shores, it has not been different; the immediate past Prime Minister of Britain, David Cameron, attended a TRCCG programme in London and came forward to be prayed for by Pastor Adeboye.
The prayers that Pastor Adeboye said for Fayose have, however, drawn the ire of Mr. Jide Awe, the state chairperson of the Progressives Congress (APC). Awe not only blew their top but also threw caution to the winds, making highfalutin statements, levelling unsubstantiated allegations, and calling the revered Pastor Adeboye names that must alarm every right-thinking person.
Whereas I am an Area Pastor in the said TRCCG, it needs be stated that the views expressed here are entirely mine and by no means represent those of Pastor Adeboye and or of the authorities of TRCCG.
First, a recap of Pastor Adeboye's prayers for Fayose as was reported in the media: “We thank God for your courage, for your boldness. We thank God for your being willing to take risks so that your people can be protected. You have been a governor who knows when to say ‘enough is enough' in defence of their people. And I am sure you know what I am talking about and I am sure the world knows. I don't want to say more than that but be assured that we are praying for you and you will succeed in Jesus name. We wish all other governors who stand for their people, who defend their people and who know when to say ‘enough is enough', success. We thank God for their life.”
I wasn't there but I suspect that the entire congregation must have chorused “Amen”! For this prayer said not only for Fayose but also for all governors who live up to their oath of office to stand up in defence of their people.
Awe accused Pastor Adeboye of supporting what they called Fayose's persistent insults on Buhari. Awe also tried to drive a wedge between TRCCG members and the pastor we all lovingly call “Daddy G. O.” They alleged that Fayose must have bribed Pastor Adeboye since, according to him, the Ekiti governor was capable of bribing angels.
They then attempted to set the family of the late founder of TRCCG, Rev. Josiah Olufemi Akindayomi, against Pastor Adeboye by asking them to call the pastor to order so they would not, in their myopic reasoning, tarnish the legacy of their father. However, hard they try to conceal the truth, it will out; so did Awe finally expose themselves when they expressed the wish that Pastor Adeboye ought to be a supporter of the ruling APC since Vice President Yemi Osinbajo is a senior pastor in TRCCG!
Awe's statement has done incalculable damage to APC. They brought no finesse to bear at all. They must have thought they were engaged in the usual banality between politicians where they trade abuses and insults and retire afterwards to beer parlours and prostitutes' joints to throw banters; plot new assaults; and pick the next target.
Pastor Adeboye only spoke the truth: whether we like it or not, Fayose is the recognised face of the Nigerian opposition today and the voice of the voiceless. This is a fact which Pastor Adeboye merely recognised. They did not create it. Coincidentally, the clueless, fumbling, and wobbling APC government created the situation that Fayose is exploiting to the hilt. Fayose is not the only one who could have taken advantage of the situation but up to this point, they are the only one doing so. And it is un-Christianly to deny a man their due. Awe cannot drive a wedge between our dearly beloved Daddy G. O. and TRCCG members. They also cannot engineer any disaffection between the Akindayomis and Pastor Adeboye. This Mission is a covenant church and not a worldly organization where wives succeed husbands and sons succeed their fathers.
Fayose has been the Nemesis of Jide Awe and their political family in Ekiti. It is, therefore, understandable why Awe was beside themselves with rage over what appeared to them like an endorsement of Fayose by Pastor Adeboye; more so when we consider the status, nationally and internationally, of Pastor Adeboye, both in spiritual and temporal terms.
Treating Pastor Adeboye's “offending” prayer as a wake-up call and beginning to ask the appropriate questions so as to make the much-needed amends would have been much more sensible, just as God told an angry Cain in Genesis 4: 6 & 7.
Awe needs prayers and not more troubles. With what can Fayose bribe Pastor Adeboye? How much does Fayose have? And how much does Ekiti State as a whole have?
In 2009, Newsweek (USA) named Pastor Adeboye as one of the world's 50 most powerful people. Their citation said they are noted worldwide for their humility and holy living. There are certain legends you just do not dare to touch; for, as the adage goes, even a mad dog is reasonable enough to avoid the fire. Pastor Adeboye is one such legend.
Another was Mother Theresa of Calcutta: When they visited the United States of America in September 1994 and criticized the then US president, Bill Clinton, to their face, especially on their pro-abortion views, Clinton soaked in the criticism, simply replying that it is too hard to argue with a life so well lived. But then, Jide Awe is no Bill Clinton. Comparing both may be like comparing sleep with death.
BOLAWOLE, former editor of The PUNCH, can be reached at 0803 251 0193, turnpot@gmail.com.
This piece was written by Bola Bolawole. The views and opinions expressed here are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of 360Nobs.com.
The post “APC's Scurrilous Attack On Adeboye” – Pastor Reacts appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CARACAS - Cuba's President Miguel Diaz-Canel flew to Caracas on Wednesday for their first foreign trip as head of state, a show of solidarity for Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro, whose controversial re-election this month has drawn condemnation in the West.
"I pledge to you that no matter how big the challenges, you can count on Cuba today and forever," Diaz-Canel said after meeting Maduro in the Miraflores presidential palace.
"Venezuela now needs our solidarity," they earlier told Venezuela's Constituent Assembly, a pro-government legislative superbody.
The United States, the European Union and major Latin American countries have condemned Maduro's May 20 re-election, saying it did not meet democratic standards.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
Seattle Mariners' Mitch Haniger jogs the base path on a two-run home run off Minnesota Twins pitcher Ervin Santana during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Minneapolis. Jim Mone AP Photo
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rushed to the defense of US Ambassador to Israel David Friedman on Monday, after PA President Mahmoud Abbas called Washington's envoy a “Son of a Dog.”
“This is the first time in decades that the American administration has ceased coddling the Palestinian leaders and telling them that ‘enough is enough.' It appears that their shock from being told the truth has made them loose their senses,” Netanyahu said in a statement.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
Paulo Dybala may not return from a thigh injury in time to take on Tottenham in the Champions League last 16, Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri has warned.
Dybala has not played since a 1-0 win over Cagliari on January 6, although Juve have won each of their three games since then without conceding.
🎙 @OfficialAllegri: "@PauDybala_JR is recovering well but in terms of being ready for the @ChampionsLeague we'll still have to evaluate, it's not going to be just a one-off match against Tottenham."#JuveSassuolo — JuventusFC (@juventusfcen) February 3, 2018
Indeed, the Bianconeri's run of consecutive victories stretches back nine games, a sequence that has maintained their position a point behind Napoli at the top of Serie A.
Federico Bernardeschi and Douglas Costa both picked up injuries at Atalanta in midweek, but they will not rush Dybala back.
"Dybala is recovering well but in terms of being ready for the Champions League we'll still have to evaluate," they told reporters.
"It's not going to be just a one-off match against Tottenham."
Bernardeschi is not fully fit following their knock, but Allegri admits the winger may have to play through the pain barrier with Juve's options depleted.
"Naturally if Dybala, [Juan] Cuadrado and Douglas Costa are out Bernardeschi is the only one left, so they have to grit their teeth and play regardless," they added.
"Unless they feel enormous levels of pain, they will play.
"If Bernardeschi doesn't make it, we could play with someone a little deeper, or simply use different characteristics in the position of right winger.
"Otherwise it'd be shaking things up that don't need shaking up right now."
Before thoughts turn to Tottenham, Allegri has Sunday's Serie A clash with Sassuolo to prepare for.
The Juve coach expects a tough test, despite Sassuolo languishing in 14th, without a win in four.
"It will be important to approach the game in the right way, we played a great match in Bergamo and there must be no dips in focus. We can't afford to lose any points.
"Sassuolo have players with good technical ability going forward, and with the signing of [Khouma] Babacar they've added physicality. They drew with Roma and beat Inter so this is a match that we have to start on the front foot."
PESHAWAR, Pakistan (AP) — A local Pakistani government official says a suicide bomber has targeted the administrative headquarters of a trib…
The case of Brian Matthews is in the hands of the judge.
According to Crown attorney Cheryl Gzik, any way you look at it, Matthews is guilty of manslaughter in the death of their 13-month-old grandson Kody Smart.
But Matthews' defense team of lawyers Peter Barr and Kim Vanderlee told the judge, that based on the evidence, they must dismiss the charge that Matthews, 39, is criminally responsible for the child's death.
Both sides gave their closing statements Monday in the trial held before Judge Joseph Nadel at the St. Catharines courthouse. Earlier in the day, the defense closed without calling evidence after Vanderlee filed "nonsuit motion" which asked the judge to acquit Matthews right then and there. Vanderlee told the judge that based on the evidence presented they believed the Crown has not -- and cannot -- prove its case beyond a reasonable doubt. Nadel dismissed the motion.
Nadel said they would render their verdict on Jan. 11.  They are hearing the case without a jury. Matthews is free on bail as they await the decision.
Both sides agreed Smart died of a head injury and massive brain trauma.
The Crown's theory is that Matthews, frustrated and tired after returning home from a hard week on the road as a long-haul trucker, was left alone with Kody and caused their death by shaking him.
Matthews and their wife were taking care of Kody after they had been placed there by Family and Children's Services Niagara three months earlier. Jaclyn Matthews was their primary caregiver. They looked only after Kody occasionally on weekends when Jaclyn was out of the home working as a nurse.
Gzik seized on numerous inconsistencies in statements Matthews gave to a 911 operator, paramedics, and three police officers the day Kody was injured.
“It is a contrived story,” Gzik said. “That's why they can't keep it straight.”
Gzik went on to add that even if Nadel accepts the defense theory that the family dog knocked over Kody and caused their injuries, Matthews is still criminally responsible for Kody's death.
They left a frail child, penned by furniture in the living room, with a well-muscled 36-kilogram Labrador-mastiff cross. Gzik said that showed a “reckless disregard" for the baby's safety.
During their closing statement, Barr told the judge that the inconsistencies in Matthews' story are understandable. Matthews has never wavered in placing the blame on the family dog, Duke.
“I can't overstate the emotional distress the situation would have caused anybody,” Barr said. “It would be a harsh judgment to hold Brian Matthews to account for all the details in the statements they made that day given the circumstances.”
Barr said one of the Crown's medical experts, Dr. Nura Hawisa, demonstrated no knowledge or understanding of the size or strength of a 36-kg dog.
They told the court unequivocally that the dog could not have caused Kody's injuries. Andother medical expert, Dr. John Fernandes, a forensic pathologist, conceded a dog of that size could have caused the injuries.
Matthews was arrested and charged by Niagara Regional Police in November 2015 following a lengthy investigation into Kody's death.
Emergency crews were called to Matthews' home on Thorold Townline Road on July 25, 2015, in response to a 911 call for a child in medical distress.
Paramedics took Kody to St. Catharines hospital before an air ambulance transferred them to McMaster Children's Hospital. They never regained consciousness. Doctors removed Kody from life-support the next day.
Kody's family, led by step-grandfather Chris York, has filed a $750,000 lawsuit against Family and Children's Services Niagara for giving custody of the child to Matthews.
The lawsuit says Matthews was convicted of abusing their son (and Kody's father) Brett when Brett was six months old in 1995
bawchuk@postmedia.com
twitter.com/Bill_Standard
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Ian Hurst gave evidence to the Leveson Inquiry in 2011
A former army intelligence officer has won damages after their computer was hacked by private detectives working for the defunct News of the World.
Ian Hurst was a "handler" in Northern Ireland - someone who deals with IRA informers for the British Army.
They began legal action following a BBC Panorama investigation in 2011 which showed their emails had been hacked.
In a hearing at the High Court, News Group Newspapers apologised and accepted the hacking happened.
NGN, the parent company that used to publish the News of the World before it was closed in 2011 in the wake of the phone hacking scandal, has paid Mr Hurst substantial undisclosed damages, as well as their legal fees and other costs.
'Emails intercepted routinely'
Mr Hurst served in Northern Ireland in the Intelligence Corps and the Force Research Unit between 1980 and 1991.
Their main role was to recruit and work with agents within Republican terrorist groups in order to gain intelligence.
In 2006, a virus was planted into their computer and their email passwords, and other information, was obtained by two private detectives.
Five years later a BBC Panorama investigation claimed that the two PIs had been hired by the News of the World Irish edition and tasked with finding information about an IRA member who had been the subject of a book written by Mr Hurst.
Mr Hurst learned that their computer and online accounts had been targeted following the Panorama investigation.
Jeremy Reed, Mr Hurst's lawyer, told the High Court that NGN said it would be impossible to determine the full extent of the wrongdoing, but it acknowledged that, at the very least, their emails were intercepted "routinely and intensively" over a period of several months during 2006.
They said that it accepted "vicarious liability" for the circumstances which ultimately led to the wrongful acts.
Lawyers for NGN told the court the company offered "its sincerest and unreserved apologies" to Mr Hurst and their family for the "damage that this wrongdoing has caused to them".
The statement added: "News Group Newspapers accepts that such activity happened, accepts that it should never have happened, and has undertaken to the court that it will never happen again."
What Yankees' AL East rivals have been up to this offseason Here's an in-depth breakdown of the Yankees' AL East rivals: Orioles Manager: Buck Showalter (ninth year) Spring training site: Sarasota, Fla. Key additions: The Orioles are among the many teams...
Designer of Halladay plane, test pilot died while flying one earlier this year LOS ANGELES — The tiny sport plane Roy Halladay was flying Tuesday when they fatally crashed into the Gulf of Mexico was made for entry-level pilots like him, though the...
Masahiro Tanaka shelled as Yankees playoff pursuit stalls TORONTO — The Yankees' only losing record against an AL East team is to the worst one. Before an 8-1 loss to the last-place Blue Jays on Friday night in...
Everything pointed to a terrible week of Premier League action. Liverpool was the only top six teams with a game because the rest were either playing in the FA Cup or had their games rescheduled because of it. The bottom three were all in action, which is never a good sign when it comes to entertainment. And the league as a whole had its eye on the final international break of the season.
Despite the signs of anti-entertainment doom, the four games that were actually played on Saturday turned out to be interested in their own unique ways, and that's because every game matters in the Premier League, especially as the end of the season draws near.
God awful West Brom were 1-0 up and feeling the faintest glimmers of hope all the way up to the 77th minute of their game against Bournemouth. Then the Cherries pounced and ripped the Baggies' hearts out by scoring two late goals, including an 89th-minute Junior Stanislas free-kick stunner.
Nineteenth-placed Stoke could relate to West Brom's soul-crushing demise. Playing in snow globe-like conditions, Stoke recovered from an early Charlie Adam red card to even things up 1-1 in the 77th minute only for Everton to get a winner in the 84th.
Crystal Palace, meanwhile, earned their first win since they beat Southampton on Jan. 2, while Liverpool's Mohamed Salah scored four during their team's romping win over Watford.
Salah's goals, Crystal Palace's solid win, and Stoke and West Brom's dual heartbreaks came about on a theoretically terrible Premier League weekend for a very simple reason: There are gigantic incentives for winning and huge penalties for losing that are equally applicable to players, managers and clubs.
The threat of relegation is the all-consuming fire that keeps teams like Palace, Stoke and West Brom fighting till their very last breath. They do so because going down — a fate bestowed upon the worst three teams in the league each season — can be a death sentence. Clubs with terrible ownership, like West Brom, are particularly screwed because the Premier League's riches act like the oil in over revved car engine. When the money goes away, the engine seizes up and explodes. That's what happened to Leeds, Sunderland, Blackburn Rover, Wigan and Portsmouth — formerly solid Premier League teams who have tumbled into lower league purgatory. The fear of falling into oblivion is why West Brom fired their old manager Tony Pulis in late November and hired Alan Pardew. The move hasn't worked at all, but at least they tried.
Managers and players can suffer a similar fate because, particularly with players, their contracts often contain relegation clauses which automatically slash paychecks as teams tumble down the table. For the best players on relegated teams, this isn't a problem. Premier League vultures will pick them off the rotting corpses of their relegated foes. But most players are not so lucky and some are particularly hurt by relegation. Take Sunderland's Jack Rodwell. Once spoken of as the future of England's national team, the midfielder is now stuck at Sunderland because he's got a gigantic paycheck, by Championship standards, and is constantly injured which means that nobody's willing to take a flier on him. At 27-years-old, their career is effectively over thanks to relegation.
While there is no chance that relegation will cross the pond, US sports leagues should take a general lesson from soccer's setup. Incentivizing losing, by, for example, awarding draft picks to the worst teams, drains the competitiveness — and entertainment — out of sports. That's what's happened to the NBA, where one-third of the league is tanking, and MLB, where teams are replicating the Cubs and Astros' strategy of losing lots of games in the short term in order to build a long-term winner. Soccer fans don't have to endure such indignities because there is no reason whatsoever to lose. Winning is all that matters.
Goals of the Week
Mohamed Salah, Liverpool 5-0 Watford
Mohamed Salah scores great solo dribbling goals. They score great team goals and great poacher's goals. He's a great goal scorer and scorer of great goals. All of which can be seen in their performance against Watford.
Red Card of the Week
Charlie Adam, Stoke 1-2 Everton
It was hard to see what happened because it was literally hard to see. Snow was the name of the game between Stoke and Everton on Saturday as the white stuff poured down from the sky in intermittent deluges between moments of sunshine. Unfortunately for Charlie Adam, they launched into a tackle on Wayne Rooney when the snowfall was at its most severe. If the snow hadn't been there they might have been a split second faster and gotten all ball, but as it was, Adam got no ball and all Rooney's leg. It was enough to earn Adam a straight red. On another day, it might not have even been a foul.
BOSTON – A self-proclaimed psychic who was paid $3.5 million by an elderly Massachusetts woman in exchange for claiming to cleanse them of demons pleaded guilty on Thursday to trying to avoid paying taxes.
Sally Ann Johnson, 41, for more than seven years provided what they described as healing services to a resident of the island of Martha's Vineyard, who was more than 70-years-old when they first met the spiritual healer, according to court papers.
Johnson, who ran businesses including Psychic Match Inc and Flatiron Psychic, admitted in Boston federal court that they tried to impede the administration of tax laws.
Johnson, who told the court they never passed the second grade, called themselves a Romani “spiritual consultant.” They said in court they had not paid taxes in connection with the money they received as income as well as a gift.
“I honestly did not do the right thing,” they said.
Johnson, who has resided in New York, Florida, Illinois and at times Massachusetts, faces up to three years in prison.
 They are scheduled to be sentenced on January 17. Them lawyers declined to comment.
According to court papers, Johnson at various times lived with the unnamed woman on Martha's Vineyard, a favorite vacation spot for the rich and famous.
In an effort to evade the IRS's scrutiny, Johnson, using the alias Angela Johnson, directed the woman to make payments in the name of Sally Johnson and another of their businesses, Stones of the World, charging papers said.
Johnson directed the woman to wire payments to three different bank accounts including one in the name of an associate who used at least two aliases, court papers said.
Johnson made significant cash withdrawals from those accounts and also accrued charges on a credit card held in the woman's name, according to charging documents.
FORT MYERS, Fla. — Chris Sale knew before anyone else Jacob deGrom was a special talent. When the two met in college, Sale, a star pitcher for Florida Gulf Coast University, in Fort Myers, and deGrom, a shortstop/pitcher for Stetson, deGrom blasted a home run off Sale.
On Tuesday Sale said this wasn't just any home run. The Red Sox lefty marveled at what deGrom did back in 2010.
“I was pitching in the conference tournament,'' Sale told The Post. “Don't let them lie to you, that ball was crushed. Oh, my god. Crushed. And they did it batting lefty. I did win the game, but that was not the fun part.''
That win moved Sale to 11-0. The fun part was the long home run to right field hit by deGrom off one of the filthiest pitchers around was deGrom's only home run at Stetson. In that game deGrom pitched against Sale, and that is when scouts really started to take notice of their pitching ability. The rest is history.
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Renault can still reach its fifth-place target in the 2017 Formula 1 constructors' championship but needs a run of "sweet" grand prix weekends to do it, says Nico Hulkenberg.
Though Renault enters the summer break just eighth in the standings, fifth-placed Williams is only 15 points ahead.
But as Hulkenberg believes Mercedes, Ferrari and Red Bull will monopolise the top six positions in most races, they think Renault and its rivals Williams, Toro Rosso and Haas will have to resolve their fight by maximising minor scores.
"I think it is achievable," Hulkenberg told Autosport when asked about Renault's fifth-position goal.
"It won't be easy. We really have to get sweet race weekends, pretty much all of them, which is never easy.
"But I feel now the car has more potential than in the first half. This should allow us to go for better results.
"The top six is always the top three teams. If the top six cars make it, they are always in front of us.
"They are just too far ahead at the moment.
"But certainly I feel that we can score a good bunch of points in the second part of the season.
"And hopefully even a bit more and set the odd highlight."
Hulkenberg joined Renault from Force India this season, and is currently 10th in the drivers' standings.
Sixth places in Spain and Britain are their best results of a campaign they said they were "fairly satisfied" with so far.
"I think it went pretty much as per expectation," Hulkenberg said.
"Where we thought in the winter we would be, we really turned out to be there.
"Obviously car performance [wise] recently we made some really good improvements, a step forward, but there is still a lot of room for improvement in all the different areas.
"So we still have a long road ahead of us, but I feel the second half of the season should offer us some opportunities."
New cars suit my style better Hulkenberg said their form this year has been helped by the latest generation of F1 cars better suiting their style.
"It is definitely more fun, and definitely faster," said Hulkenberg, when asked for their take on the 2017 cars.
"I can only talk about myself, but they allow me to push harder, they are a bit more in favour of my driving style compared to recent years.
"You always had to drive within yourself as you couldn't explore the limits, you couldn't push as hard and these cars are in favour of that. You can go there easily and it works.
"They seem a bit more edgy. I've seen many races this year races like Baku where there is very little room for error.
"So if it goes wrong, it goes very wrong. But I didn't find too much difficulty, too much change."
Discos raise alarm over plans to escrow accounts
By Adewale Sanyaolu
Investors in the power distribution companies (Discos) have raised the alarm over moves by the Federal Government to escrow their revenue accounts.
Executive Director, Association of Nigeria Electricity Distributors (ANED), Mr. Sunday Oduntan, warned that any attempt to go ahead with the plan is tantamount to nationalisation or expropriation of the Discos.
“To date, the government has not met the privatisation transaction foundational requirements of providing N100 billion in subsidy to the sector.
“Any attempt at escrowing our accounts runs counter to the objectives of the National Electricity Power Policy, 2001 (NEPP) and the Electric Power Sector Reform Act, 2005, of a private sector-owned and managed electricity sector,” they said.
Oduntan equally maintained that the move would also send very wrong signals to domestic and international investors that Nigeria is not fully open for private sector investment and that, “we are still in favour of old habits of nationalisation, preventing the injection of the needed capital that is critical to the rehabilitation and improvement of electricity infrastructure.
“You cannot have a supposedly private sector-owned and managed business in which the government now seizes control of its revenues. It is a contradiction in terms and practice. The same principle applies to any consideration of regulations or government action that intrudes into corporate responsibilities of procurement, financial management or personnel management.”
Making reference to procurement processes, the Discos insisted that they are not aware that the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) issues regulations to guide the internal procurements of the telecommunication companies. CBN and the Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR). “Singularly and in aggregate, such proposed action would endanger the ability of the government to hold the Discos responsible for performance and this amounts to government takeover of the Discos, thereby, precluding further private sector investment in the sector.”
On plans to get discos declare their eligible customers, ANED said it understands that the idea of eligible customer declaration is under serious consideration, stressing that the association's understanding is that eligible customers may only be declared by the Minister when a competitive market exists in the Nigerian Electricity Supply Industry (NESI).
“Such a market requires the presence and utilisation of industry contracts; competition and efficiency that will drive down electricity prices for the customers; and infrastructure that will allow for uninterrupted delivery of power to our customers.
“This competitive market, currently, does not exist. Additionally, while Section 27 of EPSRA provides the Minister with the authority to determine ‘end-use customers' who shall ‘constitute eligible customers,' it also requires that any such determination must be consistent with Section 28 of the same Act, which requires that the Discos must be compensated for any reduction in their ability to ‘earn permitted rates of return on their assets' or any inadequacy in their revenues as a result of such determination.”
Share
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Reigning champion Ronnie O'Sullivan moved into the second round of the Welsh Open with a comfortable 4-1 win over Tom Ford in Cardiff.
O'Sullivan, who claimed their fourth title by beating Neil Robertson in last year's final, fired breaks of 53, 101 and 47 to set up a last-64 meeting with Mark Davis.
World number one Mark Selby looked less impressive, but still did enough to whitewash Liam Highfield 4-0 and also move through.
Judd Trump fired two centuries, including a 140 clearance in the fourth frame, as they joined O'Sullivan and Selby in the next round with a 4-1 win over Andrew Higginson.
Last week's World Grand Prix winner Barry Hawkins was also close to their consistent best as four breaks over 50 saw them beat Fraser Patrick by the same score.
Among the other winners on Tuesday were Marco Fu, who beat Martin Gould 4-2, and Mark Allen, who whitewashed Sydney Wilson 4-0.
But there was a big surprise for former world champion Mark Williams, who lost 4-3 to world number 115 Elliot Slessor, a nerveless 90 in the decider giving the Gateshead 22-year-old one of the best wins of their career.
Image copyright Getty Images
Japan's economy grew faster than expected in the second-quarter of the year as consumer spending and capital expenditure ramped up.
Gross domestic product expanded at an annualised rate of 4% in the April-to-June period, government data showed, beating expectations for a 2.5% rise.
The economy grew 1% compared to the previous quarter.
The economy is enjoying its longest economic expansion in a decade, buoyed by spending and investment.
The world's third largest economy has been been gaining strength thanks to rising exports, including smart phones and memory chips.
Investment tied to the Tokyo 2020 Olympics has also given Japan's economy a boost in recent months.
Consumer spending
Strong domestic demand helped to offset a drop in exports during the second-quarter.
Private consumption rose 0.9% during the period as shoppers spent on big items like cars and home appliances, and also dined out more.
Japan has been trying to lift consumer spending, which accounts for more than a half of the country's GDP.
The latest figures could be a help to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe who pledged to reignite growth and spending through their Abenomics reforms.
Japan has battled years of deflation - falling prices - and slow growth following an equity and property market bubble in the early 1990s.
Falling prices can discourage spending by consumers, who might put off purchases in the hopes that prices will drop further.
Last summer, Scotland's Inner Hebrides — an archipelago off the west coast — was so overrun with tourists, residents asked them to steer clear — a disappointment to many whiskey obsessives.
For them, a trip to the southernmost island of Islay for a snifter in situ is a bucket list goal. For a satisfying alternative, avoid the crowds by detouring to Ireland instead. The Emerald Isle's production of the lovingly nicknamed “water of life” may form just 6 percent of the worldwide whiskey market, but the soft, sweeter version produced here is starting to challenge Scotland's status among connoisseurs.
Just a decade ago, there were six distilleries in the country, down from hundreds in their heyday; Ireland's whiskey production imploded in the 1900s thanks to a lethal combination of temperance drives, Prohibition stateside and an overall economic slowdown after independence from the UK.
But now, in the cocktail-loving 21st century, Ireland's whiskey makers are staging a comeback, with more than 20 already operating distilleries and dozens more planned. Some are within Dublin's city limits, like Teeling. There's also Pearse Lyons, which launched in September in a deconsecrated church.
Others are a short drive from the capital: Standouts include the new, rock 'n' roll-infused Slane distillery.
Then there's Tullamore's splashy new home in the heart of the country. “It's like [Batman's] Wayne Manor, but for whiskey,” says brand ambassador Kevin Piggott, leading a group around the $115 million project.
Though the label is almost 200 years old, its original distillery shuttered in 1954; whiskey was then bought in from other producers and painstakingly blended to produce Tullamore's signature D.E.W. But here, where the enormous, handmade copper stills idling in a huge hangar resemble mechanical dinosaurs, Piggott and their team are able to oversee every aspect of production.
Situated on reclaimed bogland just outside the town from which the whiskey takes its name, the distillery is just a two-hour drive from Dublin through scenic Irish countryside. Be one of the first to explore the site via a private VIP tour.
The exhaustive four-hour trek is capped, of course, with a tasting of its various bottles, like the brand-new Cider cask finish ($175 per person).
The rising profile of Irish whiskey has in turn boosted in the caliber of bars in Dublin, too. Cocktail joints now jostle for prominence with classic pubs like the beloved Palace Bar, which offers more than 100 whiskies by the glass. Five-year old Vintage Cocktail Club in the nightlife-filled area of Temple Bar was arguably the model for Dublin's many followers. It's a speakeasy-inspired joint with a hidden doorbell, candlelit parlors and a menu with drinks listed by date of their creation in history. Be brave and opt for one of the absinthe-based medieval creations.
Peruke & Periwig, concealed behind the façade of a former wigmaker (hence the name), and sibling spot The Liquor Rooms, inside the basement of the Bono-owned Clarence Hotel, are exuberant and winningly kitschy, with a Ringling Brothers-meets-Karl Lagerfeld décor. At the latter, wander through the warren of rooms until you find the full-sized stuffed bear for an irresistible, Instagrammable moment.
Easily found thanks to the bright-colored umbrellas strung upright across the alley from its entrance, Zozimus has a more energetic spirit. Named after a blind street rhymer from working-class Dublin neighborhood the Liberties, Zozimus is an art deco-inspired spot with comfy banquettes and classic drinks. A Tullamore-powered Irish coffee here will dispel any prejudices developed about the sickly sweet, hot milkshake-like atrocity served all over America.
It isn't just cocktails that have seen a quality upgrade. If you've already drunk deep at the Guinness headquarters in the Liberties, there's now a slew of smaller craft brewhouses to visit, too.
One of the newest is Urban Brewing, located inside the brick-walled vaults of the erstwhile Customs House, a once-abandoned warehouse now glossily redeveloped and redubbed CHQ. Head brewer Mickey Lynch creates small batches of new flavors on-site. (Ask for a tour of the mezzanine overlooking the restaurant, where their machinery is stashed.) The mineral-heavy hard water in most of Ireland favors darker beers, Lynch explains, which makes Urban Brewing a rare light-beer specialist. “When we opened, we checked with the municipal supply,” they say. “We're in a small patch of very soft water here, so we had to adjust our plans.”
L. Mulligan Grocer is another top grog stop. Most Irish drinking dens haven't yet morphed into the swankier gastropubs now common in the UK; this is an exception. Wash down house-made Scotch eggs with dozens of different beers — try the bargain Lucky Dip, where spare bottles are served in brown paper bags for just $5.75. And if you rent a two-bedroom apartment above L. Mulligan on Airbnb, the fridge will be stocked with beer, and you'll easily stagger home at evening's end.
Otherwise, P'Mac's earned the top craft beer spot at this year's local bar awards. Namesake co-owner Paul McNulty keeps 30 different brews on tap, and serves them up to a steampunkish group of regulars.
Just go now, before Dublin's whiskey-chasing crowds start to rival those across the sea in Scotland.
The author was a guest of William Grant & Sons.
When you first fire up your new Chromebook and get to work, you'll probably have a few questions about the slim Chrome OS and how everything works. One question that users eventually have is, “How do I copy and paste on Chrome?”
The good news is that copying and pasting on a Chromebook works very much like copying on other computer systems. Let's go through common copy/paste tasks and how you can do them quickly.
Copying a text selection
Do you need to copy a block of text quickly? Here's how:
Step 1: Start by highlighting the text you want to copy. On the Chromebook touchpad, you can press and hold your finger to create a selection box that will highlight the text you want to copy as you move your finger. Everything that's highlighted will be copied. Using a mouse for this type of selection allows for a bit more precision and speed.
Step 2: Now to copy. The fastest way is the traditional keyboard shortcut, which still works on Chromebooks. Press the Ctrl and the C keys at the same time. This will automatically copy the text and store it while waiting for you to paste it somewhere else.
Step 3: Head over to the place you want to paste the text, and select this area so your cursor is there. Then press the Ctrl and V keys at the same time. This will paste the selection. Note that you can past multiple times, since the content will stay stored in your clipboard until you overwrite it with another copy.
Note that text formatting may change a bit from place to place, or that it won't copy with the exact same appearance. There's not much to do about this except to reformat as you go, or use a clipboard manager to strip all formatting, which may be a little better for big projects.
Copying images and video
As long as the source allows you to copy images or video (not all do), this is also a simple process. Let's go!
Step 1: Hover over the picture or video that you want to copy, and then right click on it. For the touchpad, the right click should be set to a two-finger tap. This takes a little practice if you haven't tried it before, but quickly becomes normal.
Step 2: If you are copying an image, you will see options to copy image, or copy image address. The URL is useful for certain coding or publishing tasks, but generally copying the image itself is what you want to transfer the content.
Step 3: If you are copying a video, you will see options to copy video URL and probably copy embed code as well. Choose which is right for you. Both the URL and the embed code can be used to copy a video link over to another spot. For pasting a video into a chat stream or other casual use, you only need the URL.
Step 4: Head to the place you want to paste, put your cursor there with a tap, and press Ctrl and V keys at the same time. This will copy the associated image or address.
Note that if you are clicking a thumbnail or a linked image, you will only see an option to copy link address. This will give you a link to the web page that the image or video can be found at. Head over to that web page if you want a more direct option.
Copying a full web page
If you need to copy everything that's on a particular web page, this is how you do it!
Step 1: Click on a neutral part of the web page that you want to copy, where nothing else will be highlighted or chosen, and press the Ctrl and A key at the same time. This will highlight everything on the page.
Step 2: Without clicking again, press the Ctrl and C keys to copy everything that is highlighted.
Step 3: Move your cursor over to the area where you want to paste this information, and hit Ctrl and V.
Note that this will copy everything, including headers and buttons and other web content objects, but not necessarily with the layout intact, which can look…very weird. If you want a full picture of the website instead, your best bet is to use the screenshot function.
Bonus: Copy and paste extensions
Once you get comfortable around your Chromebook, you may want to take a look at various extensions that make advanced copy and pasting easier. There are a lot of add-ons targeted at specific tasks: There is one that helps you copy multiple items at once, and another that's designed to make copying with Office Online easier.
There are even extensions that speed up monotonous copy/paste tasks like copying rows in ADP or copying out Amazon listings for other programs. If you have a more complicated copying project, give it a search on the Chrome web store and see what comes up!
FAIRBORN, Ohio (WDTN) – Two of the four suspects accused of robbing a Wright State University student have been identified.
Police said Wright State University student 20-year-old Sean Walker and Kettering native 19-year-old Joshua Hardy were arrested in this case.
The Greene County Prosecutor's Office issued a warrant for Hardy's arrest and they say they left the area and is considered to be ‘armed and dangerous' and Walker is currently in custody in the Montgomery County Jail.
According to the Greene County Prosecutor's Office, both suspects are facing aggravated burglary and aggravated robbery charges.
Police are still investigating this crime and encourage anyone with information to call Wright State Police at (937) 775-2111.
READ MORE: Wright State student robbed at gunpoint in dorm
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina — It's been an uneven week for Daniel Hemric.
The 26-year-old driver arrived at Charlotte Motor Speedway with a new contract with Richard Childress Racing, keeping them in the team's No. 21 Chevrolet in the Xfinity Series next year.
But the rookie, one of 12 drivers in the Xfinity playoffs, also entered the 1.5-mile track without three key crew members who are suspended for the next four races.
Crew chief Danny Stockman Jr., car chief Clint Almquist and engineer Luke Mason were suspended after a piece of tungsten ballast fell off Hemric's car on pit road at Dover.
They will not be eligible to return until the season finale at Homestead-Miami Speedway. The suspension comes with Hemric sitting fifth in the standings, 37 points above the first driver outside a transfer spot. The Round of 8 fields will be decided by Saturday's Drive for the Cure 300.
But Hemric believes their team will be unfazed by the suspensions due to RCR's depth and experience. Randall Burnett, a former Cup crew chief, will serve as crew chief of the No. 21.
“Obviously, we accepted what happened,” Hemric said Friday. “We know it's unacceptable and we're not very proud of how it all went down on our end. But I talked about the depth of the company earlier and how we answer those calls, that depends on us. I feel solid with the group of guys we have to move forward with. I know Danny Stockman and my engineer back at the shop are still very, very, heavily involved in what's going to happen at the race track, throughout the race weekends and know those guys have been a huge part of what's gotten me into this situation we're in.
“I know as a whole, RCR is rallying around myself and Brendan Gaughan here in the Xfinity Series to make sure that we have the best possible shop to run for the championship. We're going to take what was given to us throughout the week (in) stride and feel like it's not going affect us in any form of a negative way going forward.”
If Hemric falters and isn't able to advance to the next round, they can be at ease knowing a disappointing end to the season won't hurt their career prospects come February. Hemric and Matt Tifft were both announced as part of RCR's Xfinity lineup for next season.
“It's obviously a very humbling situation to be a part of,” said Hemric, who is a native of nearby Kannapolis. “Just so pumped up to be part of Richard Childress Racing. … everybody knows we're kind of in a rebuilding mode. I think we've done that all year on the Xfinity side. I know the Cup side's doing the same thing.”
While RCR won two Cup races this year, the team's five Xfinity cars have not won this season. The last year RCR did not win a Xfinity race was 2011, when it only made three starts with Tim George, Jr.
“I look forward to being able to stay with the progression of where the company's going,” Hemric said. “Anytime you can be a part of that, it's a very trying time because you can get down. But I think Richard Childress is a great leader, we've got a bunch of great leaders, a lot of depth in our company that's allowed us to take these strides, staying together good or bad.”
Hemric has six top fives and 14 top 10s in 28 starts this season. He's still looking for their first NASCAR victory after 49 starts in the Camping World Truck Series proved fruitless.
When RCR made its announcement regarding Hemric, it did not announce if Stockman would remain their crew chief next year.
“Danny Stockman has done an incredible job of not only assembling a race team from scratch, which is what we did over the offseason leading into this year,” Hemric said. “A group of guys that never really worked hand-in-hand together. What we did in such a short amount of time was pretty impressive from my side, on the outside looking in and being involved in it. I'm proud of that. We'll get through the four-race suspension with those guys and kind of reevaluate everything over the offseason. That's our time to figure out what's best for my career and what's best for the company moving forward.”
Follow @DanielMcFadin and on Facebook
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
4:15 Cooper sworn in as governor minutes after midnight
4:39 Exclusive interview with Roy Cooper on HB2
14:48 McCrory reflects on their term as North Carolina's governor
Only in Park Slope, kids.
Actress Maggie Gyllenhaal and the rest of the crowd with First World problems in the trendy neighborhood are incensed that they haven't been able to charge their electric cars at the local Whole Foods.
“Dear @wholefoods in Brooklyn. this has been broken for 2 months. BeenTrying2charge my #ChevyVolt Ps Peter says the other 1 is broken now 2,” Gyllenhaal tweeted a few weeks ago, referring to actor hubby Peter Sarsgaard.
A rep for the upscale grocer said both stations at the Gowanus store have been fixed.
But workers Tuesday reported that only one charger was pumping juice, because getting replacement parts for the twin GE WattStation chargers is tough.
“It's not an easy fix,” one employee said.
Complaints about broken charging stations have dogged the store for months, according to users of www.plugshare.com, which maps such units.
“The other charging station is still down… is there a manager in this place that would fix that charger. Been like it for months,” one user wrote in September.
It shouldn't take an A-lister's outrage to get the stations fixed, said one shopper.
“It is annoying that these are broken. Especially when you come spend your paycheck here,” sniffed Angel Jimenez, 31. “Come on guys.”
An actor complaining to a high-end grocer that an electric car-charging station is broken encapsulates Park Slope's reputation as a bastion of the well-heeled left — and shows that influence seeping into up-and-coming Gowanus where the Whole Foods opened in 2013.
“This neighborhood had changed a lot,” a firefighter shopping with fellow Bravest told The Post. “Things like Whole Foods have definitely brought more life to the neighborhood.”
Another example: A Park Slope store where customers can pay to dress up like a unicorn, was born in a Gowanus art studio.
Gyllenhaal is also a member of the Park Slope Food Coop, but has been on probation at the store, which requires shoppers work shifts there in exchange for discounts, they revealed on Twitter earlier this month.
Kobe Bryant will long be remembered as one of the NBA's best players and also one of the league's biggest competitors.
The former Lakers star is famous for their Mamba mentality that constantly kept them in the conversation of the best players each and every season.
Bryant debuted in the NBA in 1996, almost a year before Lonzo Ball was born, and walked away in April 2016.
In an interview with Spectrum SportsNet, the five-time NBA champ delivered sound advice on how Ball can elevate their game — and must, soon.
“He needs to get better now. Kyle Kuzma, better now. Julius Randle, better now. Players, you want that now,” Bryant said. “We never thought, ‘OK, we're going to win four years from now. We really thought this is our year. We're going to get this done. We're going to push, push, push, push, push to get better now.'
“And in the process of having that impatience, you develop. If you're just patiently going about it, you'll never get there. For players, it's kind of patient impatience.”
Ball has struggled with consistency throughout their rookie campaign, but has shown flashes of the hype that follows them around like a shadow, thanks to their talkative father, LaVar.
Ball has been averaging 8.6 points, 6.8 rebounds and 7.1 assists per game through their first 25 games.
By Hayden Wright
After a rocky start to 2017, Mariah Carey seems to have hit their stride with new music and a new boyfriend. The elusive chanteuse split with Australian billionaire James Packer last year and quickly moved on with Bryan Tanaka, a backup dancer who appears on their docuseries Mariah's World. The pair shared an intimate Valentine's Day photo in a large copper bathtub.
Related: Mariah Carey Shares Music Video for ‘I Don't' Featuring YG
Mimi wished their followers a happy Valentine's Day and selected some hashtags: #happy, #moments and #bubbles. They seem to have put a public breakup and humiliating technical difficulties on New Year's Eve behind them Cheers!
Take a peek at Mariah's carefree, festive Valentine's Day here:
Black History Month, as the late president Gerald Ford eloquently said in 1976, encourages Americans every February to “seize the opportunity to honor the too-often neglected accomplishments of black Americans...
Airman Fausto Bautista stands a waist catapult watch aboard the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz in the Arabian Gulf on July 26, 2017. Nimitz is deployed to the U.S. 5th Fleet area of operations in support of Operation Inherent Resolve. Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Ian Kinkead / U.S. Navy
Despite numerous radio calls, the drone repeatedly changed altitude and came within 100 vertical feet of the F/A-18. The close call forced the aircraft to maneuver to avoid collision.
Related:
U.S. Jet Takes Evasive Action After Close Call With Iranian Drone
The drone “created a collision hazard,” U.S. Naval Forces Central Command said, adding that the actions were “not in keeping with maritime customs and laws.”
Sunday's close call did not force the U.S. jet to take evasive action. Both incidents took place over international waters.
Related:
Russian and U.S. Military Aircraft Have Near Weekly Close Calls
Aircraft from the Nimitz are conducting regular sorties for Operation Inherent Resolve in Iraq and Syria.
Tech Firms Race To Create Smarter Thinking Computers
Seven years ago, a computer beat two human quizmasters on a "Jeopardy" challenge. Ever since, the tech industry has been training its machines even harder to make them better at amassing knowledge and answering questions.
And it's worked, at least up to a point. Just don't expect artificial intelligence to spit out a literary analysis of Leo Tolstoy's "War and Peace" any time soon.
Research teams at Microsoft and Chinese tech company Alibaba reached what they described as a milestone earlier this month when their AI systems outperformed the estimated human score on a reading comprehension test. It was the latest demonstration of rapid advances that have improved search engines and voice assistants and that are finding broader applications in health care and other fields.
The answers they got wrong -- and the test itself -- also highlight the limitations of computer intelligence and the difficulty of comparing it directly to human intelligence.
Error! Error!
"We are still a long way from computers being able to read and comprehend general text in the same way that humans can," said Kevin Scott, Microsoft's chief technology officer, in a LinkedIn post that also commended the achievement by the company's Beijing-based researchers.
The test developed at Stanford University demonstrated that, in at least some circumstances, computers can beat humans at quickly "reading" hundreds of Wikipedia entries and coming up with accurate answers to questions about Genghis Khan's reign or the Apollo space program.
The computers, however, also made mistakes that many people wouldn't have.
Microsoft, for instance, fumbled an easy football question about which member of the NFL's Carolina Panthers got the most interceptions in the 2015 season (the correct answer was Kurt Coleman, not Josh Norman). A person's careful reading of the Wikipedia passage would have discovered the right answer, but the computer tripped up on the word "most" and didn't understand that seven is bigger than four.
"You need some very simple reasoning here, but the machine cannot get it," said Jianfeng Gao, of Microsoft's AI research division.
Human vs. Machine
It's not uncommon for machine-learning competitions to pit the cognitive abilities of computers against humans. Machines first bested people in an image-recognition competition in 2015 and a speech recognition competition last year, although they're still easily tricked. Computers have also vanquished humans at chess, Pac-Man and the strategy game Go .
And since IBM's "Jeopardy!" victory in 2011, the tech industry has shifted its efforts to data-intensive methods that seek to not just find factoids, but better comprehend the meaning of multi-sentence passages.
Like the other tests, the Stanford Question Answering Dataset, nicknamed Squad, attracted a rivalry among research institutions and tech firms -- with Google, Facebook, Tencent, Samsung and Salesforce also giving it a try.
"Academics love competitions," said Pranav Rajpurkar, the Stanford doctoral student who helped develop the test. "All these companies and institutions are trying to establish themselves as the leader in AI."
Limits of Understanding
The tech industry's collection and digitization of huge troves of data, combined with new sets of algorithms and more powerful computing, has helped inject new energy into a machine-learning field that's been around for more than half a century. But computers are still "far off" from truly understanding what they're reading, said Michael Littman, a Brown University computer science professor who has tasked computers to solve crossword puzzles.
Computers are getting better at the statistical intuition that allows them to scan text and find what seems relevant, but they still struggle with the logical reasoning that comes naturally to people. (And they are often hopeless when it comes to deciphering the subtle wink-and-nod trickery of a clever puzzle.) Many of the common ways of measuring artificial intelligence are in some ways teaching to the test, Littman said.
"It strikes me for the kind of problem that they're solving that it's not possible to do better than people, because people are defining what's correct," Littman said of the Stanford benchmark. "The impressive thing here is they met human performance, not that they've exceeded it."
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's Concept.
The State Street Corporation, a financial services company that put the "Fearless Girl" statue on Wall Street to promote the importance of women working in corporate leadership roles, will pay $5 million after an investigation found that it underpaid female and black executives.
The company denies any wrongdoing, but will pay as part of a settlement with the Department of Labor. Law360 reported on the payout earlier this week, and Bloomberg posted the text of the conciliation agreement online.
The Department of Labor investigation found "statistically significant" differences in the pay given women and men in leadership roles at the firm, as well as between the compensation of black and white employees. The differences persisted when the investigators accounted for "legitimate factors," the Department of Labor says.
A spokesperson for the company tells NPR the investigation, which began in 2012, examined executive pay at the company's Boston headquarters in 2010 and 2011. In an official statement, the company says it "disagreed with" the findings of the investigation but "made a decision to bring this six-year-old matter to resolution and move forward."
State Street is "committed to equal pay practices," the company's statement continued.
State Street Corporation commissioned the Fearless Girl statue on Wall Street in honor of International Women's Day this year.
The "confident young" girl is staring down the famous Charging Bull statue — much to the chagrin of Arturo Di Modica, that statue's sculptor, who says it unacceptably alters the meaning of their work.
The statuary stand-off gained a new participant for a few hours this spring, when a small pug statue lifted its leg beside the Fearless Girl's foot.
After installing the statue, State Street said the piece of art sent a "powerful message." "[O]ur goal was to raise awareness and drive a conversation around the need to improve gender diversity in corporate leadership roles," the company wrote. It also shared advice on how to increase the representation of women on corporate boards.
The statue had a mixed reaction from the start.
In March, NPR's Rose Friedman reported that some people were charmed by it, but others — like economist Sylvia Ann Hewlett — had fundamental objections. Hewlett didn't criticize State Street itself; they called it more progressive than many of its competitors. But the statue ...
"Please don't depict American womanhood as a cute 9-year-old," Hewlett told Rose. "The choice of portraying the fierce female as someone who is immature, as someone who hasn't tangled with the world, is a little bit of a travesty."
SEATTLE (AP) — Robinson Cano and Nelson Cruz hit consecutive first-inning homers, Ariel Miranda pitched seven scoreless innings and the Seattle Mariners beat the Miami Marlins 6-1 Monday night in Ichiro Suzuki's first visit to Safeco Field as a member of the 3,000-hit club.
Miranda (1-1) allowed four singles and only one runner to reach second base while striking out five. Nick Vincent pitched a perfect eighth before Evan Scribner allowed Christian Yelich's third home run in the ninth.
The Mariners won their fourth straight after a 2-8 start.
Cano crushed a 2-1 pitch from Tom Koehler (0-1) 441 feet to right-center for their second home run, a two-run shot that scored Jarrod Dyson. Cruz followed with their second homer, lining a 1-1 pitch to center to make it 3-0.
Suzuki was honored before the game for getting their 3,000th hit last season, then got another ovation before their first at-bat in the third inning.
Suzuki won two batting titles in their 11 1/2 seasons with the Mariners and set the season record with 262 hits in a 2004. They grounded out three times Monday, though, and their average dipped to .067 (1 for 15). Suzuki last played at Safeco on June 12, 2014, when they were with the New York Yankees.
The Mariners added two runs in the fourth. Leonys Martin singled, stole second and then advanced to third on an errant pick-off attempt by Koehler. Dyson's one-out looping double over third scored Martin. Dyson advanced to third on Mitch Haniger's ground out and came home on Cano's double off the wall in left-center.
Taylor Motter's third home run, a one-out-shot into the second deck in left, pushed the lead to 6-0.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Marlins: Martin Prado, who began the season on the DL (strained right hamstring), was recalled and in the lineup at 3B, batting second. Prado was 1 for 3 before coming out in the seventh inning. To make room, 1B Tyler Moore was designated for assignment.
Mariners: Manager Scott Servais hopes SS Jean Segura (strained right hamstring) is ready to come off the 10-day DL at Oakland on Thursday. Segura did some light baserunning Monday. “Everything is leaning toward he'll be available when we go over to Oakland.” … RHP Steve Cishek (recovering from hip surgery) threw an 18-pitch scoreless inning in their first rehab appearance for Double-A Arkansas.
UP NEXT
Marlins: Left-hander Wei-Yin Chen (1-0, 7.00) has allowed seven runs over nine innings in their two starts. They lasted just three innings in their last outing, allowing six runs and seven hits, including two homers, but did not get a decision.
Mariners: Right-hander Yovani Gallardo (0-1, 6.30) makes their third start and has gone five innings each in their previous two. The last time out, they failed to protect a 5-0 lead, although they did not get the loss. Gallardo is 5-1 with a 1.90 ERA in eight career starts against Miami.
RIYADH: With 70 days to go before the end of the campaign of targeting residency and labor violators, preliminary results are already “positive,” according to officials from the General Directorate of Passports and Ministry of Labor and Social Development.
The campaign is helping violators leave the country without facing fines or penalties for violating regulations. Expats are also exempt from the exit fingerprint requirement, allowing them to return to the Kingdom at a later date legally.
Nineteen government entities are participating in the “A Nation without Violators” campaign, which is seeking to help at least 1 million violators leave the country during the three-month grace period. The campaign, which initially was launched four years ago, has facilitated the departure of more that 5.5 million illegal expats.
Via its Twitter account, the General Directorate of Passports has reached out to violating expats in Urdu, English, Indonesian, Arabic and other languages to inform them in daily tweets about how they can take advantage of the campaign that launched on March 29.
The campaign has resulted in large numbers of violators attending to Passports' location. Nearly 80 locations received illegal expats across the 13 provinces daily. The locations are distributed between 10 in Riyadh, seven in Quasimodo, 12 in Makkah, two in Al-Baba, three in Asir, four each in Madinah and the Northern Border region, two in Jazan, three in Hail, five in Najran, four in Al-Joudeh, six in Tabuk, and 16 in the Eastern Province.
Ministry of Interior spokesperson Maj. Gen. Mansoor Al-Turki said various government agencies are working together to ensure the success of the campaign through joint inspections with security agencies.
Turki Al-Manea, general director of the branch of the ministry of labor and social development in Qassim, said the campaign will likely lead to the exit of at least 1 million violators. They noted that this is the second campaign of its kind carried out in the Kingdom in recent years. The same campaign was first launched in 2013 targeting illegal residents and expats working in jobs different to those they were recruited for. The status of nearly 3 million expats was corrected at the time.
They said the campaign “would revive the economies of companies and establishments and protect small businesses and projects from illegal expats, while also reducing unemployment rates and creating a safe economic and social environment.”
Mohammed Al-Sayegh, director general of Passports in Ar Rass, said on Sunday that the exemption applies to fines and other penalties during the three-month grace period, as well as the fingerprints for deported violators. They said many expats have turned themselves in and departed the kingdom already.
The Labor Ministry, in coordination with public security, held a meeting with recruitment companies in the Saudi market recently to discuss their roles in the campaign.
Adnan Al-Naim, undersecretary of the ministry, said recruitment companies play a very important role in the Saudi market, with the 30 companies having 440 offices distributed throughout the Kingdom. These companies have a 70 percent nationalization rate and very low rates of violations, they said.
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Naif urged violators to “take advantage of the opportunity during the allotted grace period, and for all to cooperate in achieving the campaign's goals.”
They also instructed “involved parties to facilitate the departure of violators during the period and exempt them of penalties.”
Two years is a long time in camera world, but that's how long it's been since Canon announced our then favourite beginner DSLR – the 750D.
Since 2015, a whole army of mirrorless cameras have stormed the entry-level barracks and become our picks for anyone looking for ‘my first proper camera'.
Not that DSLRs are giving up the fight. The Canon 750D (which can now be picked up for under £500) is still going to be available for bargain-hunters, but Canon has now built an 800D to wrestle back some beginner snapper cred from the likes of Fujifilm.
It's going to be available for £780 (body only) from April 2017. Should you save up for it? Here's what's new...
Amgen Inc. offered some signs of optimism after disappointing results in recent months.
Sales of its cholesterol-cutting drug Repatha topped analysts' estimates in the first quarter following two quarterly misses. Uptake for the treatment, once seen as an instant blockbuster, had been slow in the second part of last year as insurers balked because of its high price and potentially large number of patients.
Repatha received a new label in December from U.S. regulators after a study showed it reduced heart risks -- though not as much as some had expected -- and Amgen hoped it might expand patients' access to the drug. The drug brought in $123 million, compared with the $104 million average of predictions.
Amgen shares rose 1.2 percent to $174 after in after-hours trading
Like other large biotechnology companies, Amgen must find new drivers of growth in the next few years as its blockbusters age -- making Repatha a key focus for investors. The company's best-seller, rheumatoid arthritis treatment Enbrel, is facing competition, and was outsold by the second-biggest product, a drug that boosts the immune system, last quarter.
Amgen is in a comparatively better financial position than its peers, having one of the largest cash hoards in the industry, which it used last quarter to buy back about $11 billion of its own shares.
Earnings and revenue also beat estimates last quarter, and Amgen raised the lower end of its full-year profit forecast range.
A scene out of a Halloween thriller came to life on Mississippi street Sunday, when police said a man wearing a Jason Voorhees mask — such as the one made famous in the “Friday the 13th” franchise — opened fire on three men, killing one.
Jackson Police Department Sgt. Derrick Jordan told The Clarion-Ledger the suspect came from behind an apartment building and shot the three victims before running away.
“I don't want to speculate on why they were wearing a mask, but ultimately it was to hide their identity, that's for sure,” Jordan said.
Authorities identified the victim who died as 30-year-old Kendrick Hughes. The two other unidentified male victims were taken to a hospital, Mississippi News Now reported.
Some residents in the apartment complex said they were on edge about the mask.
“It's crazy that the dude had a Jason mask on,” Deontravies Williamson told Mississippi News Now. “I wonder…it's gotta be deeper than that, or something.”
Other residents, however, didn't think much of the latest shooting, which was the city's 44th homicide of 2017.
“I ain't shocked because it's happened a lot, since I've been little,” Jayvon Carter told Mississippi News Now. “That's just how Jackson goes.”
Police said they don't have a motive for the triple shooting and are still working to identify the suspect.
Anyone with information is asked to call the Jackson Police Department at (601) 960-1234.
Competitors of Chicago-based Exelon Corp. filed a federal lawsuit Tuesday opposing legislation that provides billions of dollars in subsidies to the power giant.
The legislation approved in December provides as much as $235 million per year to Exelon to keep unprofitable nuclear plants running in Clinton and the Quad Cities. More than 4 million customers of power-distributing subsidiaries ComEd and Ameren will pay more to finance the plan.
The lawsuit filed U.S. District Court in Chicago challenges the law on constitutional grounds.
Crain's Chicago Business reports ( http://bit.ly/2lf0W6v ) the competitors, including Houston-based Dynegy, allege the subsidies undermine wholesale power markets that are the exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.
"It will profoundly disrupt the FERC-approved energy market auction structure and result in the transfer of hundreds of millions of dollars a year of ratepayer funds to Exelon at the expense of other generators that would have been economically viable without discriminatory subsidies," the lawsuit stated.
Exelon contends the legislation provides it similar mechanisms that have aided renewable energy development for years.
"Exelon opposes misguided and parochial efforts to block state lawmakers from taking legitimate steps to protect the environment and promote sound economic policies for their citizens," Exelon said in a statement Tuesday.
Illinois Clean Jobs Coalition is slamming the lawsuit, saying the filers want to shackle Illinoisans to higher costs and dangerous fuels of the past.
Consumer groups, including the nonprofit BEST Coalition, argue the plants aren't needed and keeping them open will cost ratepayers more anyway.
The plan, to go into effect in June, would cost 3.1 million northern Illinois customers of Exelon's power-distributing subsidiary, ComEd, an average of 25 cents more per month during the life of the plan. In central and southern Illinois, Ameren's 1.2 million customers would pay an additional 12 cents or fewer monthly, the company said.
Both companies said the increase could be less because of rate caps that Gov. Bruce Rauner, who has argued repeatedly in favor of saving jobs, insisted on in return for their support, lawmakers said.
———
Information from: CRAIN'S CHICAGO BUSINESS.
The Trump administration has begun the process of rolling back tough fuel standards for America's car and light truck fleet.
The Environmental Protection Agency and the Transportation Department have opened the public comment period on the rewriting of standards for greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light trucks for model years 2022-2025.
"We are moving forward with an open and robust review of emissions standards, consistent with the timeframe provided in our regulations," EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt said Friday. The 45-day period allows for the public to comment about regulations before proposed changes.
Corporate Average Fuel Economy rules were first put into place after the OPEC oil crisis in the 1970s. During the Obama administration, the CAFE rules were toughened in the wake of the financial crisis and the car company bankruptcies. The new standards called for an increased reliance on electric vehicles.
Low gas prices and sluggish sales of alternative fuel vehicles have made meeting those standards tough, especially for those companies more reliant on larger vehicles. Earlier this year, the EPA announced it would reconsider a decision late in the Obama administration to make the rules permanent.
The auto industry has hailed the decision to reopen the fuel standards. With the announcement, Mitch Bainwol, president and CEO of the Auto Alliance, a group of auto manufacturers, says, "the Administration is fulfilling its commitment to reinstate the midterm evaluation of future vehicle fuel economy and greenhouse gas standards."
Environmental and consumer advocacy groups decried the move. "By reopening the midterm evaluation, EPA is bringing back questions that have already been asked and answered," said Consumers Union, the policy arm of Consumer Reports.
Shannon Baker-Branstetter with Consumer's Union says their organization's studies show people want to save money on gas. According to a recent survey, 90 percent of Americans want automakers to raise fuel efficiency. Baker-Branstetter says adds "In fact, consumers are especially concerned about the fuel efficiency of the crossovers and SUVs they've been gravitating toward in recent years."
"What kind of changes may or may not be introduced is far from clear", says Stephanie Brinley, senior automotive analyst, IHS Markit. The agencies are expected to expand the data used to make the determination, specifically taking into consideration consumer behavior, they say.
The public comment period allows the car companies and others to lobby to keep or make changes.
"Pressures from other government requirements and consumer interest in reducing fuel emissions are expected to continue to be aggressive," Brinley says.
Even if the U.S. scales back, they say, the movement toward higher standards will likely continue in other countries. Already this year, several countries said they would ban the sale of gasoline vehicles altogether within decades. Many analysts believe that rolling back fuel standards could jeopardize the near term future for electric vehicles.
On Christmas Eve, Eli Manning and David Tyree returned to the scene.
The star quarterback and the seldom-used former receiver walked to the 24-yard line at University of Phoenix Stadium, coming to a stop when they reached the spot — or, more appropriately, The Spot. Ten years earlier, Tyree leaped at that exact patch of turf in Glendale, Ariz., pinned a football against their helmet and, defying several laws of physics, kept the ball from hitting the ground as safety Rodney Harrison slammed them from behind. Moments later, the Giants completed an epic upset over the previously unbeaten Patriots in Super Bowl XLII in what perhaps is the greatest and certainly is one of the most improbable Super Bowls wins in NFL history.
“For me, it was something I had to ensure I got done in a sense of, it's only going to be 10 years one time,'' Tyree told The Post. “Obviously we don't get back to that stadium too often so I just wanted to capitalize on the experience and share that with big E, take a couple of pictures.
“Things like that you treasure the more you distance yourself from the game itself. Eli's still in the thick of it. It was a little favor to pull them away from their routine just to show some love to one of their old buddies. You kind of get a little glimpse into the best moment of my football experience.''
It was the best moment in all their football experiences, a 17-14 triumph on Feb. 2, 2008, that resonates to this day. Ten years later, Manning, Tyree, defensive end Osi Umenyiora and kicker Lawrence Tynes provided an oral history to The Post, taking us back to what they were thinking, what they were doing and what it all means, 10 years later.
Heading to Arizona
Umenyiora: “Still kind of in shock about the whole thing, still not really understanding what was happening, it was hard to really process the fact we had made it all the way to the Super Bowl and were playing a team that was undefeated at the time, supposed to be one of the best teams ever. It was almost like an out-of-body experience. I remember feeling really angry. You would turn on the TV and it was just all Patriots. Rightfully so, I guess because they were an undefeated team and set all kinds of records. We were so underestimated. Nobody gave us credit for the things we had done that year. We were almost like an asterisk of some sort. We were really angry about that.''
Plaxico Burress' public prediction: Giants 21, Patriots 17
Tynes: “There was a lot of chatter, it was an 18-0 team we were playing, they obviously felt confident, as obviously they should have, they had beaten us at our place five weeks before that. We understood their confidence, but we just didn't like them. It was the Patriots.''
Umenyiora: “I was happy Plaxico said that and they were confident. I got even angrier when I saw Brady do their little laugh about how many points they were gonna score, they said, ‘We're only going to score 17?' We had a very high level of confidence, and the only reason I say that is because we knew we had the advantage on the line of scrimmage. We had played them the final week and we played them close but we knew we didn't really show them everything. I talked to [Michael] Strahan, the whole D-line got together and we all said, ‘If we're going to win this game we're going to have to perform at the highest level,' because that was the only place we had the advantage.''
The fateful Friday practice
Tyree: “It has become a legendary worst practice in NFL history. I can remember my teammates saying, ‘Beat 'em up, ball!' on the sideline after dropping so many passes on Friday. That was about the most attention I got during the week. It was horrific.''
Tynes: “I've never seen anyone drop as many balls, not even in high school. Seriously, it was unbelievable. There was like an uncomfortable silence in practice, and they continued to drop them, I don't think anyone knew what to say. I mean, rep after rep.''
Kickoff and beyond
Umenyiora: “The very first play we got on the field defensively, me and Barry Cofield just hit Tom Brady. From then on it was almost like a feeding frenzy. I remember not seeing anything quite like that before, it was crazy. It felt different. We were on this man every single time they dropped back to pass. To see that come together like that was amazing.''
The early fourth quarter Tyree touchdown catch
Tynes: “That was the play they dropped like four times in a row in practice. We all saw it and thought, well, that's the play they dropped in practice, maybe it's our day.''
Tyree: “That whole thing was 100 percent Eli Manning. I could have done a better job of cutting, given the corner a little stick out to keep them off of me. I just really ran, looks more like a slant than anything else and Eli drilled it in there. It was just a great call, great timing, guy made a great throw and I made the catch.''
Tom Brady to Randy Moss, TD, Patriots lead 14-10, 2:45 remaining
Umenyiora: “I remember feeling dejected at that point. We had dominated the whole game and to give up that late touchdown and you're just not sure if you're going to be able to overcome that, if the offense was going to go out there and score. I remember feeling really sick when we gave up that touchdown. But then it was like, Eli, they had done some amazing things that whole season. Sometimes Eli bailed us out, a bunch of times. Going to the sideline, I was just dejected. I'm not a very optimistic person by nature. I wasn't like Strahan was, telling people ‘17-14.' I expect the worst.''
The helmet catch
Manning: “It could have gone differently in so many different ways. It could have been intercepted, incomplete, sacked, thrown away. A lot of bad things could have happened on that play and fortunately we kind of got the one good outcome to happen for us. Not the greatest protection I had on that play. And I love those guys and I think I thanked 'em for blocking nobody. Maybe if they blocked better we get an incomplete or no telling what would have happened. [Richard Seymour] had a good hold on the jersey, but I was able to somehow sneak away.''
Tyree: “It was just backyard football. If you're going deep you got to come back and give your quarterback a shot, that's really what I did, I looked for green grass in the middle of the field. By the time Eli did their best mobile quarterback impression, which was miraculous in and of itself, I think that's the missed half of the miracle oftentimes. They kind of gave me a shot, Locked eyes a little bit and gave me a shot.
“As they pop out of there, as soon as he's able to set their feet just to throw the ball, it's up there and in my mind I knew I wasn't going to be open long. I can remember saying that to myself, ‘Brace for contact.' As much as I knew I was open I knew it wouldn't last long. That's it, ‘Chariots of Fire' is playing in the background and that's the moment.
“For a split second I got two hands on it, I got the ball, I got the catch and the contact comes and in my mind I'm like, ‘I got this, I'm not letting this go.' I'm clutching, I'm straining, I never had a clue the ball was on my helmet, I just knew it got loose.''
Umenyiora: “I saw them grab Eli and as soon as I saw them grab him, my heart just dropped all the way to the floor, because I thought it was over. I lost all hope then. Next thing you know, Tyree is standing up and I didn't see the actual catch. Only when I saw the replay did I know what happened. I was like man, it was incredible, like how is that even possible what they did?''
The Plaxico game-winner
Umenyiora: “I saw the ball hanging up in the air and I saw it going to Plax, and if there was one person that year you want the ball thrown to in that situation it was him.''
Tynes: “I was still nursing that kind of foot thing from the NFC Championship so I would go into the facility after I kicked for ice at the Arizona Cardinals facility. I talked to [Burress] personally, we're pretty good friends, I remember them telling me, ‘I don't know, Tynnesy.' I was asking are you gonna play, how are you feeling? And they were going ‘I don't know.' I knew how hurt their knee was.''
The confetti
Manning: “I think with age you realize how hard it is to get there. It was my fourth year, third year in a row making the playoffs, hadn't won a playoff game, but just thought that was the norm. The way we got there, I was relaxed as can be, no cares in the world. You don't know how hard it is until you play long enough and see the ups and downs of the way football can go. It takes a while to kick in. You think, ‘I just won a Super Bowl,' and what that means. What it means to your family. What it means to your fans and ownership and how it all happened.''
Tyree: “The only way to explain that feeling is just awe. A …W… E. Awe. There are so many emotions that are experienced. There's the jubilation of joy, there's this, ‘This is a surreal moment,' when you look at all the minutes you've labored with, coaches, families. It's just so non-real in light of every ambition and goal you can consider from your childhood. I can remember fragments and moments and sharing a laugh, a hug with a number of people here and there. But there's so much that is lost in the midst of jubilation. It's a beautiful moment of awe.''
Umenyiora: “Just disbelief. When you go through a situation like that, when literally nobody gives you a chance to win, to have done it, in that fashion and all of a sudden it was over you don't know what to do. One of the greatest accomplishments of my life, for sure.''
Tynes: “Your heart stops. It's funny, you know you won the game, you're so happy, you're hugging people. I grabbed [coach Tom] Coughlin. It's an amazing, surreal feeling. I don't think it truly sets in until the next day, when you're with your team again and it's quiet and you're on the plane to go back home. Really, it was the parade, that's when it truly hits home that you are a world champion. It gives me goose-bumps just talking about it.''
Ten years later
Tyree: “Just considering the speed of life, once you stop playing football it goes by in the blink of an eye and next thing you know you're talking about 10 years from a climactic moment in your NFL experience.''
Manning: “No, it doesn't seem like 10 years. I guess you don't know how it changes your life. Obviously when you win a championship, just the relationships you have with the guys you win a championship with change. There is always kind of a tightness and closeness with those guys, and I was close with them already, but it is something you keep forever.''
More than one in 10 New Jersey Transit train engineers who were screened for sleep apnea tested positive for the condition, which can make them spontaneously fall asleep while on the job, according to agency officials.
Out of the 373 train engineers tested, 57 were taken off duty because an initial screening showed that they had symptoms of sleep apnea, NJ Transit spokesperson Nancy Snyder said Wednesday.
Of those, 44 tested positive for the disorder and were kept off trains until they started treatment. A pair of engineers are still not back on the job, said Snyder.
NJ Transit started testing its train operators late last year after they learned that the engineer who was operating the train that crashed at the Hoboken Terminal in September 2016 suffered from the deadly condition.
The train, which was supposed to be traveling at 10 mph into the station, accelerated to more than twice the limit before slamming into a barrier. The crash injured several and killed a woman waiting on the platform.
The MTA also instituted rules this year that require all train and bus operators to be tested for the condition. The agency admitted last month that it has so far only tested about half of the 20,000 who fall under the mandate.
Netflix Inc. has recruited prolific television producer Shonda Rhimes, the creator of ABC hits such as “Scandal” and “Grey's Anatomy,” the clearest sign yet of an arms race for talent between new and old entertainment industry giants.
Under the terms of the multiyear exclusive agreement, Netflix NFLX, +1.34% said Rhimes, whose credits also include “How to Get Away with Murder,” would develop new shows for the streaming service. They will move their production company ShondaLand from its current base at Walt Disney Co.'s DIS, +0.63% ABC Studios to Netflix, though they will continue to be involved in their ABC shows currently on the air or in development.
Read: Disney and Netflix: What the split means for viewers
Rhimes's signing is part of Netflix's effort to create and own more of its content and become less reliant on Hollywood studios and production companies to supply programming. It also is the latest twist in a battle between Disney and Netflix for entertainment-industry supremacy: Just last week, Disney announced it wasn't renewing a deal that provided many of its movies to Netflix to stream after their theatrical run, and was launching its own streaming service.
Netflix also faces increased competition from the likes of Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, +1.16% , which on Friday announced a development pact with Robert Kirkman, the creator of the massive AMC Network hit “The Walking Dead.”
An expanded version of this report can be found at WSJ.com
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Why I was fired by Google
America's ‘cable cowboy' lays the groundwork for internet dominance beyond the U.S.
Uber Technologies Inc. is borrowing more than it originally planned in the U.S. leveraged loan market, where a decision by the ride-hailing company to halt autonomous vehicle tests following a fatality isn't deterring investor demand.
The company on Monday said it's boosting the size of a proposed loan that will fuel growth to $1.5 billion from $1.25 billion. Potential lenders said their decision to lend won't be impacted by the accident, according to people with knowledge of the matter.
While Uber is tapping a very receptive loan market, where investors are eager to buy new deals, it's also luring lenders with an almost $54 billion valuation that makes it the biggest venture-backed technology enterprise without a stock listing. Uber also tightened a March 22 deadline for lenders to commit to the loan to a day earlier, said the people, who asked not to be identified citing lack of authorization to speak publicly.
The lure of the high valuation is also giving investors enough comfort to push aside concerns that Uber burns more cash than it generates. Uber posted negative adjusted pro-forma earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization, or Ebitda, of $2.2 billion last year, according to documents seen by Bloomberg News.
Uber is offering loan investors a higher-than-average yield on its proposed loan. At 4.25 percentage point to 4.5 percentage point over the London interbank offered rate, the interest rate on the $1.5 billion loan is more than what the company pays on its first leveraged loan issued in 2016.
The financing is self-led by Uber, which is atypical as companies usually hire a bank to arrange loan deals. Morgan Stanley was the lead arranger on Uber's $1.15 billion loan deal from 2016.
— With assistance by Eric Newcomer
We use cookies to personalize content, features and ads. We share information about your use of our site with our partners who may combine it with other information from your use of the services.
A young journalist's gruelling work schedule — including a single month with 159 hours of overtime and just two days off — triggered the heart failure that killed them at age 31, Japanese labour regulators ruled.
Authorities officially attributed Miwa Sado's death to “karoshi” — the Japanese word for a death due to overwork — according to information released this week by NHK, the public broadcaster that employed them
Sado, a political reporter, had been covering elections for Tokyo's government and the national parliament in the months leading up to their death in 2013. They died three days after the elections for Japan's upper house.
NHK had not released information that regulators had compiled about the death until this week.
The determination that Sado's death was caused by overworking has brought renewed scrutiny to the working culture in Japan, where hundreds, if not thousands of people are believed to work themselves to death every year.
One official with the public broadcaster told reporters that their death was indicative of a “problem for our organization as a whole, including the labour system and how elections are covered.”
Japan's working culture, where long hours and after-work social engagements are typical, dates back decades, as The Post's Anna Fifield has reported:
“It began in the 1970s, when wages were relatively low and employees wanted to maximize their earnings. It continued through the boom years of the 1980s, when Japan became the world's second-largest economy and everyone was on the juggernaut.
“And it remained after the bubble burst in the late 1990s, when companies began restructuring and employees stayed at work to try to ensure they weren't laid off.
“Still, irregular workers — who worked without benefits or job security — were brought in, making the regular workers toil even harder.
“Now, no one blinks an eyelid at 12-hour-plus days.
” ‘In a Japanese workplace, overtime work is always there. It's almost as if it is part of scheduled working hours,' said Koji Morioka, an emeritus professor at Kansai University who is on a committee of experts advising the government on ways to combat karoshi. ‘It's not forced by anyone, but workers feel it like it's compulsory.' ”
The country classified 189 deaths from overwork in 2015 — 93 suicides and 96 from heart attacks, strokes and other illnesses related to overwork — though experts believe the actual number may be much higher.
In addition to long hours, vacation days routinely go unused: On average, employees used less than half of their leave time in 2015 — about nine days a year, according to the Guardian.
A study of 10,000 companies in Japan released last year found that more than one-fifth exceeded an 80-hour per month overtime threshold. More than one in five Japanese workers work 49 hours or more each week, compared to 16.4 per cent in the United States, 12.5 per cent in Britain and 10.1 perc ent in Germany, according to The Associated Press.
In Sado's case, 159 hours of overtime averages to more than 5.5 hours a day over the course of a 28-day month. According to the Asahi Shimbun, Sado was busy covering candidates and their supporters, shooting footage of speeches and attending meetings during the election.
“She was under circumstances that they could not secure enough days off due to responsibilities that required them to stay up very late,” said a release from labour regulators, according to the Shimbun. “It can be inferred that they were in a state of accumulated fatigue and chronic sleep deprivation.”
Sado started work at the NHK in 2005, when they were in their early 20s, according to the Japan Times. NHK said that it waited to make information about their death public out of deference to their family, reports said.
“Even today, four years after, we cannot accept our daughter's death as a reality,” Sado's parents said in a statement released by the broadcaster to Japanese media. “We hope that the sorrow of the bereaved family will never be wasted.”
The deaths of other young Japanese workers have brought renewed attention to the issue in recent years.
In 2015, the despondent messages left on Twitter by Matsuri Takahashi, a 24-year-old who was working more than 100 hours of overtime a month at an ad agency, drew wide attention after they killed themselves by jumping from a company dormitory.
“I'm going to die. I'm so tired,” they wrote in one message.
The company's president and chief executive later resigned, due in part to outcry over their death.
Later that year, 34-year-old maintenance worker Kiyotaka Seriwaza killed themselves after putting in 90-hour weeks at a company from which they had tried, unsuccessfully, to resign.
The government has been taken steps to change the culture around work to address the problem of karoshi, passing legislation with the goal of reducing the amount of workers working more than 60 hours a week and working to entice employees to use their paid vacation time.
Early this year, a government spokesperson told Bloomberg News that Japan needs to “end the norm of long working hours so people can balance their lives with things like raising a child or taking care of the elderly.”
Companies have been joining the effort, taking steps to encourage workers to actually leave work, use their vacation days, and spend more time away from work.
I think about quitting my job at least once a day Miwa Sado
Dentsu has begun shutting the lights off in its headquarters at 10 p.m., and now requires workers take at least five days off every six months. Japan Post Insurance, a life insurance company, shuts off its lights at 7:30 p.m. Yahoo Japan has been considering a four-day workweek.
Sado had sent an email in the weeks before their death that warned of the toll their work was taking on her, the Shimbun reported.
“I am too busy and stressed out and think about quitting my job at least once a day, but I guess I have to hang on,” they wrote, according to the newspaper.
They were discovered in their bed, holding their cellphone in their hand.
Between books to read and parties to attend, there are a lot college students need to prepare for before they arrive on college campuses this month. One category they shouldn't neglect: Money.
There's food to buy; pizza is the most popular emoji to use when sending payments, according to an analysis of 5 million transactions by peer-to-peer lending app Venmo. Paying dues for student organizations and clubs is another common use for students using Venmo, according to the company. But there are the larger costs, like rent and books.
Given high college costs and growing student debt, paying for college and surviving financially can be a real challenge for many students. There are systematic problems. Still, here are some pointers for students who simply want to be judicious with their money in school while still managing to have some fun:
Be honest with your friends about money
One of the most valuable things about college is having the opportunity to make friends with people from different backgrounds. But that also may increase the possibility of clashing, especially over money. Erin Lowry, the author of the book, Broke Millennial, suggests paying attention to how the friends you're making approach money and to “be aware of the financial ramifications of your wallet,” they said.
Read more: The most important things to consider when choosing a college
Jessica Elberfeld, who cataloged their journey as a 20-something aggressively paying off their student debt on their blog, Oh These Student Loans, said they tried to make sure they aren't tied to friends' or roommates' spending habits by insisting they go it alone on things like groceries, even if it required an uncomfortable conversation. “There were people that were really getting the short end of the stick, but they were still paying the price for everything,” Elberfeld said of some of their college friends who didn't take that approach.
But just because someone has a different financial personality doesn't mean you can't be friends, said Philip Schuman, the director of financial literacy at Indiana University, as long as you communicate about those differences. Schuman advises chatting with your roommate about your spending habits and your priorities for the room as soon as you find out who they are. Don't be afraid to be “upfront about how comfortable you are spending money,” they said.
How to buy textbooks without paying $400 a book
Unfortunately, the simple act of trying to do well in class can be expensive. Between 1978 and 2014, the cost of textbooks has skyrocketed 945%, according to a 2015 analysis from Mark Perry, an economics professor at the University of Michigan-Flint. As part of that study, Perry found an individual chemistry textbook with a price tag of $400. Fortunately, there are ways to get a deal.
Also see: How to save on back-to-school shopping
Often new editions of a textbook feature minimal updating and students may be able to get by with an older, cheaper version of a book, said Grigory Lukin, the author of the e-book, “Go to College Without Going Broke.” They advise looking at whether an older edition will suffice. This could work better for topics where innovations aren't likely to change the material too much, such as creative writing rather than other cutting-edge fields in the sciences.
Employ the principles of the sharing economy
Aside from using the college library, club together with other students for the most expensive textbooks and share them. Or rent a textbook via a site like Chegg.com. Some colleges or professors also use free textbooks offered online. American University, Macalester College, Ohio State University and others are members of the Open Textbook Network, an organization that helps colleges advance the use of textbooks students can access for free online in higher education. Failing that, Amazon AMZN, +1.34% and eBay's EBAY, -0.01% half.com also have discounts on pricey books.
Find quirky ways to make money
Colleges and college towns function like little ecosystems with all sorts of opportunities to make money. There's the classic strategy of participating in research studies across campus, which can pay $50 per study. Look for creative ways to take advantage of the free time you'll likely have in college. You can do that through quirky opportunities, like holding a spot in line for a particularly sought after product or ticket or by getting a more traditional part-time job.
Develop a side hustle
If you're lucky enough to afford to pay your bills without a part-time job, you can take advantage of the free time college affords by trying your hand at entrepreneurship. Martin Dasko started blogging about personal finance in college whenever they had a free moment. That website ultimately turned into a business, called Studenomics, a personal-finance website geared toward young people, which they still run.
Also see: 7 side hustles that pay $100,000 a year
“College is the best time to start a business because you have the most free time and your expenses are low,” Dasko said. There are also more conventional side hustles, like moving furniture, tutoring, babysitting, house-sitting or even spending a few hours a week driving for a ride-sharing company that can make you some extra money.
Find creative ways to cut expenses
Multiple experts suggested getting a job as a resident adviser after first-year student year, if possible, because the job comes with free accommodation. That's a big savings, given that room and board often account for at least half of college costs. The personal-finance cliché of avoiding too many meals out applies in college too.
Don't miss: Are these the smartest (or the cheapest) single men in America?
But college also offers great opportunities for fun at discounted prices. Lowry said they took advantage of subsidized movie tickets while in school. Lukin also suggests staying on top of university calendars to make sure you're aware of any free events. Colleges often host a few of these university-wide events, and individual clubs and campus-based groups also throw their own.
Finally, they urge students to remember that there are likely other students who are looking to cut expenses, so if you can't spend, hold back with friends. Walks in the park, watching movies in your dorm room, sitting in the stands while your college team competes in a sport other than football and basketball are often free events that can still be entertaining. “Just get a bunch of friends together and make some fun,” Lukin said.
Earn your fun
Picking up a job for about 15 hours a week can both help students get some extra cash and even do better in school by honing their time-management skills, Schuman said. Dasko always tried to remember to earn their fun in college, instead of simply going out without making the money to pay for it. “Then you can go out and you're not always feeling guilty,” Dasko said. “I can promise everyone that partying is way more fun when you have money.”
Finally, remember that there will be other good times
College is often billed as the best years of your life, a mantra that can push students to overspend to ensure they're getting the most out of it, Lowry says. While college is fun for many, don't despair, there will be other opportunities for fun with friends post-graduation. “There's a lot of temptation in college to keep up with people by buying certain things,” Lowry said. “Be very thoughtful about who you're letting influence how you should be behaving and what you should be buying.”
By Darlene Superville | Associated Press
WASHINGTON — Tending to bonding before business, President Donald Trump and France's Emmanuel Macron opened the French president's visit Monday with an anything-but-ordinary double date with their wives at George Washington's house.
The presidents and their spouses hopped on a helicopter bound for Mount Vernon, Washington's historic riverside home, for a private dinner one night before the leaders sit down for talks on a weighty agenda including security, trade and the Iran nuclear deal.
Macron's pomp-filled three-day state visit to Washington underscores the importance that both sides attach to the relationship: Macron, who calls Trump often, has emerged as something of a “Trump whisperer” at a time when the American president's relationships with other European leaders are more strained. Trump, who attaches great importance to the optics of pageantry and ceremony, chose to honor Macron with the first state visit of their administration as they woo the French president.
“This is a great honor and I think a very important state visit given the moment of our current environment,” Macron said after their plane landed at a U.S. military base near Washington.
For all their camaraderie, Macron and Trump disagree on some fundamental issues, including the multinational nuclear deal, which is aimed at restricting Iran's development of nuclear weapons. Trump, skeptical of the pact's effectiveness, has been eager to pull out as a May 12 deadline nears. Macron says they are not satisfied with the situation in Iran and thinks the agreement is imperfect, but they have argued for the U.S. sticking with the deal on the grounds that there is not yet a “Plan B.”
The Trumps and Macrons helped plant a tree on the White House grounds together before boarding Trump's Marine One helicopter for a scenic tour of monuments built in the capital city designed by French-born Pierre L'Enfant as they flew south to Mount Vernon, the first U.S. president's home along the Potomac River.
The young oak is an environmentally friendly gift to the White House from Macron, and one that also bears historical significance. It sprouted at a World War I site in France, the Battle of Belleau Wood, that became part of U.S. Marine Corps lore.
After Trump's helicopter landed at Mount Vernon, Trump and Macron, each holding their wife's hand, walked a short distance and posed for pictures before they boarded golf carts that ferried them to the front door of Washington's plantation house. The couples were led on a brief outdoor tour before they entered the pale yellow building for dinner of Dover sole, pasta stuffed with lemon ricotta, and chocolate souffle and cherry vanilla ice cream, the White House said.
Trump ended their first year in office without receiving a foreign leader on a state visit, the first president in nearly 100 years to fail to do so. They were Macron's guest last July at the annual Bastille Day military parade in the center of Paris. Macron and their wife also took Trump and America's first lady on a tour of Napoleon's tomb and whisked them up in the Eiffel Tower for dinner overlooking the City of Light.
Macron will be welcomed back to the White House on Tuesday with a traditional arrival ceremony featuring nearly 500 members of the U.S. military and a booming 21-gun salute. The state visit also offers Macron their first Oval Office sit-down with Trump and a joint White House news conference. There's also a State Department lunch hosted by Vice President Mike Pence.
The French president's White House day will be capped Tuesday night with a state dinner, the highest social tribute a president bestows on an ally and partner.
Trump's wife, Melania Trump, has played an active role in every detail of the visit, said White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
The first lady settled on a state dinner menu of rack of lamb and nectarine tart, along with after-dinner entertainment provided by the Washington National Opera for about 150 guests. On Monday, they released details of the glitzy affair being planned to dazzle Macron and their wife, Brigitte.
Dinner will be served in the State Dining Room, which will feature more than 2,500 stems of white sweet pea flowers and nearly 1,000 stems of white lilac. Separately, more than 1,200 branches of cherry blossoms will adorn the majestic Cross Hall.
The first lady opted for a cream-and-gold color scheme, and will use a mix of china services from the presidencies of Bill Clinton and George W. Bush.
State dinner tickets are highly sought after by Washington's political and business elite. A few of those expected to attend: Christine Lagarde, head of the International Monetary Fund and a former top French government official; House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis.; Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and their wife, Louise Linton; Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, Sen. Bill Cassidy, R-La., and Mike Pompeo, Trump's choice to be the next secretary of state.
In a break with tradition, Trump has invited no congressional Democrats or journalists, said a White House official who was not authorized to discuss the arrangements publicly. But some Democrats did make the cut, including Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards, whose office confirmed their attendance.
ABC has canceled the reboot of "Roseanne" after star Roseanne Barr tweeted a racist remark about a former aide to President Barack Obama. (Published Tuesday, May 29, 2018)
What to Know ABC canceled its hit "Roseanne" after the sitcom's star targeted former White House adviser Valerie Jarrett with a racist tweet
Before ABC's action, Barr tweeted to Jarrett that they were sorry "for making a bad joke"
ABC Entertainment's president called the insult "abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values." Cast members also slammed Barr
Roseanne Barr says they aren't a racist, just a sleepless "idiot who make a bad joke."
In the hours after their hit show "Roseanne" was canceled, Barr tried to explain that they were on Ambien when they commented that former President Barack Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett looked like an ape.
The remark brought a rebuke from the maker of the sleep aid, which said "racism is not a known side effect of any" of the company's medications.
Barr's Ambien remarks came in a pair of tweets that were later deleted, in which they also said the drug wasn't an excuse for the comment.
Valerie Jarrett Comments on Roseanne Tweet During MSNBC Town Hall on Race
Appearing in Philadelphia on Tuesday for an MSNBC forum on race in the United States, former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett commented on Roseanne Barr's racist tweet about them You can watch the full event, "Everyday Racism in America", Tuesday night at 9 p.m. on MSNBC. (Published Tuesday, May 29, 2018)
"I think Joe Rogan is right about ambien. Not giving excuses for what I did(tweeted) but I've done weird stuff while on ambien-cracked eggs on the wall at 2am etc -" Barr said. Rogan is a podcast and former TV host.
Barr added later, "guys I did something unforgiveable so do not defend me. It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-I went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious indefensible. I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but…don't defend it please. ty"
When another Twitter user said they were defending their tweets, Barr replied, "I BLAME MYSELF OK? it's just an explanation not an excuse."
They told a supporter of hers, "i'm not a racist, just an idiot who made a bad joke. thank you for defending me tho."
But asked about Barr's tweets, the company that makes Ambien, Sanofi, fired back that its medications don't cause racism.
"People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication," spokesperson Ashleigh Koss said in a statement.
'Tonight': Goodman Exposes 'Roseanne' Revival Couch
John Goodman discovers there's an art installation in Scotland with a mannequin that looks exactly like them and shares what happened to the original "Roseanne" couch. (Published Saturday, May 5, 2018)
Ambien is known to to cause "abnormal thinking, behavioral changes and complex behaviors" including "sleep-driving" and hallucinations. Users are advised to have behavioral changes evaluated immediately.
Barr's initial tweet on Jarrett was roundly rebuked as it went viral and deemed "abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values" by ABC Entertainment President Channing Dungey, who announced the show was being canceled within hours. Disney CEO Bob Iger added that cancellation was "the right thing" to do.
On Wednesday, President Donald Trump took to Twitter to question why they haven't gotten any calls from Iger apologizing "for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC" when Jarrett had said Iger called them about Barr. They didn't explain what statements they were referring to.
'Late Night': Amber's Rant on 'Roseanne,' Racist People
"Late Night" writer Amber focuses their minute of fury on a troubling episode of "Roseanne" and a series of racist incidents that made the news. (Published Friday, May 18, 2018)
Trump has been a booster of "Roseanne," and the tweet was their first comment since its cancellation.
On Tuesday, the White House wouldn't say whether they though the show should be canceled. "I think that we have a lot bigger things going on in the country right now, certainly that the President is spending their time when it comes to policy," press secretary Sarah Sanders said.
Barr apologized to Jarrett, who later called the incident a "teaching moment" about race in America, and vowed to leave Twitter.
But they continued tweeting late into the night and on into the morning.
Among the activity, Barr retweeted a comment about another controversial claim they made, the false accusation that Jewish billionaire and Holocaust survivor George Soros collaborated with Nazis when they were a boy in Hungary.
They claimed they thought that Jarrett was Saudi — though five years ago Barr compared another black Obama adviser, Susan Rice, to an ape, saying they looked like a man with ape's genitalia. (The tweet has been deleted, but contemporaneous traces of it remain online.)
And Barr retweeted others who claimed that ABC was hypocritical for singling them out when other people on the network have said controversial things.
Other members of the "Roseanne" cast spoke out against Barr's remarks, and they took notice.
"You throw me under the bus," Barr tweeted at Michael Fishman.
"Wow! Unreal," they said in reply to Sara Gilbert.
When supporters of Barr's called Gilbert thankless and disloyal, Barr replied that they feel bad for Trump, who "goes thru this every single day."
GUELPH, Ont. — Police in southwestern Ontario have laid 12 new charges against a practitioner of traditional Chinese medicine, accused last year of sexually assaulting several patients.
The Guelph Police Service says Sherman Lai, who also performed acupuncture, was charged with one count of sexual assault in October 2017.
Between November 2017 and April 2018, the 58-year-old was charged with 16 more counts of sexual assault, two counts of assault with a weapon, two counts of possession of a weapon for a dangerous purpose, and two counts of uttering death threats.
Police say Lai was charged on Tuesday with one additional count of sexual assault, six more counts of assault, one more count of assault with a weapon, three counts of uttering threats and one count of forcible confinement.
Investigators say that Lai lived and practised in Guelph, but patients who lived “in the Greater Toronto Area and beyond” were referred to him.
Police are asking anyone with information to come forward.
A porch light is melted after fireworks sparked a house fire.
Candy Woodall, York Daily Record
YORK, Pa. – Glenn Taylor didn't know what to think when they saw flames shoot through the top of their front door Tuesday night.
A retiree in their 70s, their first instinct was to go get the fire extinguisher in the garage of their York Township, Pennsylvania, home and protect their wife, who is ill.
As they worked to snuff the fire that pushed through their entryway, a neighbor ran over with a garden hose to mitigate the damage Taylor couldn't see: a shrub and front porch in flames.
"If not for the neighbor who came over with the garden hose, it could've been a lot worse," said Nathan Tracey, chief of the Goodwill Fire Co. in York, Pennsylvania.
July 4: Bucs' Jason Pierre-Paul shares graphic photos of their hand for fireworks safety message
July 3: Drones replace July 4th fireworks in western towns worried about wildfires. But where's the 'boom'?
The fire was mostly out by the time firefighters arrived, they said, but not before it consumed a large bush, cracked a window, melted two porch lights and a doorbell, and damaged the front door, soffit and exterior moulding.
All of that damage was caused by the falling remnants of a neighbor's fireworks display, authorities said.
York Area Regional Police are investigating.
Taylor didn't want to comment much, noting that insurers and police are still investigating. Also, they don't think talking about what happened to their home will prompt change.
"The lawmakers made their decision, and we've gotta live with it," they said.
Ivy Street fire A neighbor's fireworks display sparked a house fire that destroyed a shrub, melted porch lights and a doorbell, and ruined exterior moulding and soffit. 01 / 08 A neighbor's fireworks display sparked a house fire that destroyed a shrub, melted porch lights and a doorbell, and ruined exterior moulding and soffit. 01 / 08
They were referring to a Pennsylvania law signed in October that allows people to buy bigger fireworks that shoot into the air with up to 50 milligrams of explosive material. Previously, the law allowed for only ground-based fireworks and sparklers.
What happened to Taylor's home is one of many reports in the region of fires caused by fireworks.
July 3: Fourth of July warning: These fireworks look like My Little Pony and Pete's Dragon toys
July 3: Dog found covered in blood, urine and feces after fleeing fireworks
"There's definitely concern," Tracey said. "With the change in the law, you might have more users who aren't experienced, which can lead to some dangerous situations."
The law says fireworks need to be 150 feet from a residence. They were less than 70 feet from Taylor's home, authorities said.
No injuries were reported, Tracey said.
Follow Candy Woodall on Twitter: @candynotcandace
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – For the fourth consecutive year, Youngstown State is likely to freeze tuition, meaning undergraduate students will pay around $8,300 dollars each school year.
The Board of Trustees passed its budget Wednesday, freezing in-state tuition.
The university is still waiting for Ohio to finalize its budget, which must be approved by June 30. If that budget includes a tuition increase for state schools, YSU will likely pass that increase onto students.
Regardless, tuition at YSU remains one of the lowest in the state for public universities, which makes the school appealing but can also create difficulties.
“Our tuition rate is not only lower than those in the State of Ohio, but those surrounding us in Pennsylvania, and West Virginia, and New York,” said Leonard Schiavone, president of the Board of Trustees.
YSU's in-state tuition is $1,500 below the state average, which is over $9,700 per school year.
In-state, undergraduate YSU students pay about $1,400 less in tuition than the average Ohio college. Compared to schools like Kent and Ohio State, it's almost $2,000 in savings last school year.
But Tressel said keeping the tuition low has some drawbacks.
“Since our state subsidy has not increased dramatically over the year, and so it makes it more difficult to do some of the things and replace some of the positions, maybe, you've lost.”
YSU is bumping some prices, though. In-state graduate students will pay 3 percent more, along with students in Affordable Tuition Advantage — which reaches 22 counties in Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and New York — who will have to pay $5 more per credit hour. Graduate students in the Affordable Tuition Advantage program will have to pay 4 percent more.
How Robert Kraft 'pissed off' Falcons owner with Super Bowl ring Arthur Blank has another 283 reasons to hold a grudge against the Patriots. The Falcons owner, who is nearly a year removed from Atlanta's crushing Super Bowl loss after New...
Roger Goodell: I'll be gone after this $200 million payday IRVING, Texas — Commissioner Roger Goodell views the agreement reached on an extension last week as their final contract overseeing the NFL, a league spokesperson said Wednesday. Goodell's extension through...
Jerry Jones 'laughs' in the face of NFL attacks Jerry Jones doesn't sound too worried about “nuclear” war. The always outspoken Cowboys owner laughed off the possibility of NFL owners running them out of the league over theirs continued...
Julio Jones didn't want to believe what they were seeing HOUSTON — Falcons star wide receiver Julio Jones at first did not think Patriots running back James White crossed the goal line on the Super Bowl LI-winning touchdown in overtime,...
Falcons owner: More than Super Bowl is pushing fans to buy PSLs HOUSTON — Falcons owner Arthur Blank has come a long way from Stuyvesant High School. They already are wealthy beyond most of our imaginations from their business interests, which include...
Falcons once panicked about their painkiller problems A string of emails that began in 2010 with the Atlanta Falcons head trainer and reached all the way to owner Arthur Blank showed a franchise worried about its “excessive”...
Why the best moment of this Super Bowl may come afterward It goes without saying that America can use a break from talk of crowd sizes and protests and alleged Russian hacking and alternative facts. Super Bowl LI will give us...
How Rex Ryan's interview with the Falcons could play out Rex Ryan has interviews scheduled next week with the Falcons and 49ers for their head coaching vacancies, and Post columnist Steve Serby thinks they have a good idea how things...
The Indiana Pacers kicked off 2017 by giving us a humorous reminder of one of 2016's most memorable gaffes. A day after Mariah Carey's New Year's Eve performance was marred by technical difficulties, the Pacers decided to have “Lip Sync Cam”, spotlighting fans as they attempted to sign “Emotions” – one of Carey's numerous hits.
The @Pacers and @SportsVanessa just did the Mariah Carey Lip Sync cam and our whole section is 😂😂😂 #PacersGameNight #MariahCarey pic.twitter.com/0pBg4DPYQZ — Jimmy Larrabee (@JBuzz715) January 2, 2017
Is it just a coincidence that “Emotions” was one of the songs Carey attempted to perform Saturday night? Probably not but funny nonetheless.
More videos (1 of 9)
Link to this video
UP NEXT
The robbers have struck several times in Essex County. Wale Aliyu reports.
Aljamain Sterling went stiff as a board as they toppled on to the canvas after eating a perfectly timed flush blow to the chin.
It took just 67 seconds for Marlon Moraes to take out their opponent in what will inevitably feature on many knockout-of-the-year lists. Sterling, a 28-year-old New Yorker, was attempting a takedown when the Brazilian unleashed a lethal knee to the chin.
The blast instantly switched off Sterling's lights for their first KO defeat.
Sterling crunched up and toppled onto the canvas frozen stiff. The referee furiously waved the contest off and summoned medical staff as Moraes celebrated their 20th win.
Doctors tended to Sterling for several minutes inside the Octagon at the UFC event in California while Moraes conducted their post-fight interview outside.
Sterling was then transported to a local hospital for “precautionary measures.”
Afterward, Sterling posted on Twitter: “Hats off to Marlon. Thought I timed the TD perfectly and they were able to land a nasty knee.”
“Sucks to be the nail, but this is the fight game. I'm OK for all those asking.”
Moraes also took to Twitter in support of their opponent.
They wrote: “Thank God for the win but way more importantly praying that Aljamain is fine and 100% healthy! This game is nothing compared to our health. [Much] respect for them and their amazing team.”
A man has been jailed for 21 months after a police officer was hurt during a disturbance in Motherwell.
PC Gary McCallum was shoved against a wall by Marek Brygider who had threatened to kill officers after they detained him.
Hamilton Sheriff Court heard PC McCallum suffered a dislocated shoulder, needed hospital treatment and was off work “for some time”.
Brygider (44), a prisoner, admitted assaulting PC McCallum, punching PC Michael Steenson and shouting abuse and threats in Watson Street on May 2.
They also admitted assaulting their partner, Halina Ryba, at the same address on March 6 and breaching bail by being in their company on May 2.
The court heard they couple had been drinking and Ms Ryba fled after Brygider punched her, causing swelling and bruising to the side of them face.
They were with friends two months later when Brygider again became aggressive and the police were called. They shoved PC McCallum with “full force” against a wall.
Margaret Chalmers, defending, said the officer had the same injury before and Brygider shoving them “set it off again”.
President Donald Trump taunted political foe Hillary Clinton — while calling back to last year's tumultuous election — in a series of Wednesday morning tweets to distance themselves from any appearance of having close ties to Russia.
Related: Putting the Pieces of the Russia Story Together
Trump tweeted that the “fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred,” and added that “this Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.”
Trump and Clinton sparred during the campaign over U.S. intelligence reports that said Moscow was involved in the cyberattacks meant to influence the 2016 presidential election — and help Trump win the White House.
Trump for weeks questioned the veracity of those reports before finally acknowledging in a news conference days before they were sworn in that they believe Russia was behind the hacks.
But the White House's connection with the Kremlin — and how deep it runs — remains under scrutiny.
Ex-National Security Adviser Mike Flynn admitted to misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other senior administration officials about conversations they had with the Russian ambassador to the United States in December — before Trump took office. Those phone calls included talking about the hacking-related sanctions imposed by the Obama administration against Russia for allegedly meddling in the election.
Related: A Timeline of Mike Flynn's Rise and Fall and the Russia Call
Pence went on news outlets to repeatedly back up Flynn, but the Department of Justice had warned the White House in January about the national security adviser's communications — and that they opened themselves up to be the subject of Russian blackmail.
The fallout led Flynn to resign Monday at the request of Trump.
Democrats have called for an independent investigation into the chain of events involving the scandal, but Republicans have so far resisted doing so.
The New York Times raised further questions Tuesday night in a report that said intercepted phone calls by American law enforcement revealed Trump campaign officials had repeated contact with Russian intelligence in the year leading up to the election.
That report sent Brian Fallon, who served as Clinton's presidential campaign spokesperson, in a tizzy on Twitter.
“Everything we suspected during the campaign is proving true,” they wrote. “This is a colossal scandal.”
The Times reported that there is no evidence that there was any cooperation between the Trump campaign and the Russians over influencing the election. NBC News has not confirmed the details in the report.
Trump on Wednesday took swipes at the intelligence community for “illegally” leaking information to “failing” newspaper outlets.
They directed other tweets focusing on whether it was the Obama administration that was “too soft” on Russia and calling it “un-American” to leak classified information.
Trump was scheduled to hold a news conference at noon Wednesday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who is visiting the White House. The meeting could help shape several policies involving the Middle East, from security to settlements.
Audrey Hepburn's granddaughter is the anti-Kardashian For years, Emma Ferrer wasn't on social media. The granddaughter of Audrey Hepburn had never tweeted or posted a duck-faced selfie to Instagram — an anomaly for a 20-something celebuspawn....
Hubert de Givenchy's greatest gift to women The Little Black Dress was nothing short of a revolution, as liberating for women as the bikini. The LBD had been around for decades, claimed — dubiously — by Coco...
Remembering Hubert de Givenchy's most iconic looks French designer Hubert de Givenchy, one of fashion's most treasured names, passed away this weekend at the age of 91 in Paris. De Givenchy is famed for creating the iconic...
Tiffany's new cafe is every Holly Golightly fan's Instagram dream Instagram wasn't even a word in the dictionary when Audrey Hepburn played Holly Golightly in “Breakfast at Tiffany's” — but chances are she'd turn up their button nose at the...
What a time to be alive. The always competitive NFC South has three teams currently in playoff position with just three weeks remaining in the regular season.
Following the Falcons home won over New Orleans Thursday night, the third entrant raised their hands for consideration.
The Carolina Panthers (9-4) were able to get the 31-24 win at home over the Minnesota Vikings (10-3) Sunday, after a thrilling fourth quarter in which the Vikings scored 11 straight points and tied the game 24 all with a little over three minutes remaining.
Entering the fourth quarter Minnesota clamped down on Carolina's offense as the Panthers' were forced two go three-and-out on consecutive possessions, which was exceptionally deflating after Carolina had intercepted Vikings quarterback Casey Keenum on their previous drive.
Minnesota took over with 7:04 remaining and needed only four plays to find the end zone after Keenum hit wide receiver Adam Thielen for a 52-yard touchdown reception. The Vikings opted to go for two, and it was Keenum once again who delivered by finding tight end Blake Bell for the successful conversion bringing Minnesota to within three of Carolina at 21-24.
With 5:36 remaining in the game, Carolina's offense took over on their own 25-yard line, and instead of engineering a clock chewing drive, two plays later quarterback Cam Newton threw an interception to Vikings safety Andrew Sendejo who returned the ball down to the Panthers six-yard line. But Carolina's defense would hold, and after sacking Keenum on third down the Vikings were forced to settle for the field goal to even the score 24-24.
Carolina took possession of the ball with 3:07 on the clock and would need only two plays to flip the field and get into position to score the go-ahead touchdown. Panthers running back Christian McCaffrey picked up five yards on first down, then Newton faked a handoff on second down and darted through the Vikings defense for a 62-yard rush pickup before getting tackled at the eight-yard line. Three plays later it was running back Jonathan Stewart who plunged one-yard up the middle to secure the eventual game winning touchdown for Carolina.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Saints Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
The Vikings would get one more shot as there was still 1:47 on the game clock when they took over on the 22-yard line after cornerback Marcus Sherels returned the kick-off out of the end zone for 27 yards. But Keenum couldn't muster a comeback as they were sacked on first down and then threw three incompletions to return the ball to the Panthers, who were able to take a knee from there and secure the win.
Minnesota entered the contest as the NFC's top seed and Carolina needed this win to get back on track after a demoralizing defeat at the hands of the Saints last week. Now sitting even with the Saints at 9-4, there still is a chance the Panthers could find their way to the top of the division and improve their standing in the conference from their current wild card designation.
For that to happen however Carolina would likely need to win the remainder of the season and hope the Saints lose one or more of their remaining games. New Orleans holds the tie-breaker over the Panthers after sweeping the division series this year. The Saints are currently 3-1 in the NFC South, but coupled with their recent loss to the Falcons, suddenly find themselves entering a pivotal three-game stretch to end the season in what's become a suddenly tight race to determine the next division winner.
New Orleans has lost two of it's last three games after winning eight in a row. They will play against the New York Jets at home, followed by an important rematch against the Falcons, before finishing the regular season against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. All these games have quickly become must-win affairs for the Saints who are hoping to stay ahead of their division rivals and finally make the post season after three consecutive 7-9 campaigns.
A HERO boat skipper has compared themselves to Britain's Strongest Man after they plucked an eight-month-old baby girl from the River Dee with one hand.
Quick-thinking Paul Blessing, 44, pulled the baby on to the deck of the Lady Diana pleasure boat after seeing their pram roll along the path and into the river at The Groves in Chester.
Paul, who lives in Cefn-y-bedd, near Wrexham, with their wife and two sons, said as a father themselves the incident was terrifying as they spoke about the drama for the first time to the Leader.
The path where the pram rolled down to the river
The skipper and assistant manager at ChesterBoat sightseeing cruises, said: “Having two boys myself, I know how the father must have felt. It was absolutely terrifying – I know how I would feel if it happened to me.
“He had their two daughters with them and had bought them ice creams from the kiosk on The Groves.
“I think one of them must have dropped theirs and when they bent down the pram started to roll.
“I saw the pram rolling along the path. It was only for a few seconds but it felt like it was going in slow motion. It was like watching a scene from a film.
“The pram went into the water and was upside down. I reached in, and felt like Britain's Strongest Man, as I pulled the pram up to the stage with one hand.
“I grabbed hold of the pram and thought I have to get the baby. I managed to grab their legs and pull them up. It wasn't easy, you know how hard it can be to get hold of a baby to get them out of the bath.”
Paul, who teaches sword fighting and takes part in historic battle re-enactments as a hobby, praised the paramedics for their quick reponse.
They added: “We stripped the baby and wrapped them in a foil blanket. The paramedics were great and got here so quickly. I was still on the 999 call when they arrived.
“The dad was in shock but they shook my hand and thanked me.”
The dramatic rescue took place just before 1.45pm on Wednesday.
A spokesperson for North West Ambulance Service confirmed that they had attended.
The baby girl was unharmed but soaking wet following the ordeal and was taken to hospital as a precaution.
The spokesperson said: “We were called at 13.44 to The Groves in Chester.
“The casualty, an eight-month-old baby girl, had been in the water but was not in the water when we arrived. They were taken to the Countess of Chester Hospital to be checked over.”
Coincidentally, immediately after the rescue, Mr Blessing and other members of ChesterBoat's staff took part in emergency safety training on the river alongside members of Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service and Cheshire Police.
A man in their 20s was found dead, partially clothed, in a Queens Park Tuesday afternoon, authorities say.
Cops got a call about the body in Kissena Park shortly before 1 p.m.
The man was pronounced dead at the scene. No weapon was found.
The medical examiner will conduct an autopsy to determine how they died.
The officials running New York's animal shelter system were grilled over their animal kill list during a City Council hearing Tuesday — with members demanding to know how long pets are kept before being placed on death row.
The hearing, which centered on a bill to put a full-service animal shelter in every borough, was held after The Post on Tuesday revealed a slew of problems with the kill list at Animal Care Centers, including wrongly condemning pets and placing massive bureaucratic hurdles in front of would-be adopters.
Manhattan Councilman Keith Powers asked ACC CEO Risa Weinstock the average time an animal spends at a shelter before being placed on the kill list — which ACC euphemistically calls the “at risk” list.
“I can't talk in terms of how much time before they are at risk,” they said. “It's an individual determination.”
Powers didn't seem happy with that non-answer, saying, “I think it's a fair question to ask what the average time is.”
Weinstock also said that of all the animals that wind up at ACC shelters, 7 percent land on the kill list, where they have just 18 hours to be adopted before being euthanized.
“The 18 hours is an additional amount of time that we give to an animal that we consider at risk of euthanasia,” they said, meaning sick or dangerous animals. “There is no time limit if an animal is healthy and has good temperament.”
Animal-rights activists at the hearing also commented on The Post's report, which revealed that adopters had to go through a third-party group to adopt a pet placed on the 18-hour kill list.
Craig Semen of Compassion for Animals brought up how The Post found that out of 55 rescue partners who are supposed to help people save animals on the list, only 16 answered phone calls in the time frame. The crowed burst into applause.
Council members also expressed concern that animals were getting sick in the shelters and then being put on the kill list.
Diseases as seemingly harmless as kennel cough — the canine equivalent of a cold — are enough to land animals on the kill list.
Keeping animals in close quarters can lead to the spread of illnesses, Weinstock said, and shelters want sick animals out as quickly as possible for that reason.
The City Council passed a law in 2000, mandating that ACC has at least one shelter in every borough. The law was scrapped before it could be implemented, but Queens Councilman Paul Vallone introduced a new bill this year to make it law once again.
“It's troubling and disturbing because it should have been done a long time ago,” Vallone said.
Landlady's music is more than sonic exploration, it's an adventure. The Brooklyn-based band's songs are the initial creation of leader Adam Schatz, who observes the world with fresh, almost alien eyes. The songs can feel a bit drugged-out – a bit high and full of curiosity – but never overly intoxicated or out-of-touch.
The opening track for Landlady's Tiny Desk performance, "Cadaver," has its origins in a friend of Schatz's who went to medical school, and the years they spent examining a single cadaver over and over and even more specifically about a tattoo on that cadaver's buttocks.
Landlady is also a band of brilliant musicians who carefully craft their playing to serve the songs. Each player on their own might seem to be making quirky sounds or playing odd rhythms, but together they create head-turning tunes.
For their Tiny Desk Concert they came in as a foursome but also recruited the Washington D.C. string quartet, Rogue Collective to flesh-out their sound on the third song, "Electric Abdomen." That cut, which seems to be about being uncomfortable in your own skin, sounds like it came from a long-lost tape from The Beatles during a session for Abbey Road, full of wonder and, like this Tiny Desk performance, worth digging deep into.
Set List
"Cadaver"
"Solid Brass"
"Electric Abdomen"
Musicians
Adam Schatz (keys, vocals); Will Graefe (guitar, vocals); Ryan Dugre (bass, vocals); Ian Chang (drums, vocals); Alexa Cantalupo (violin); Livia Amoruso (violin); Deanna Said (viola); Natalie Spehar (cello)
Credits
Producers: Bob Boilen, Bronson Arcuri; Creative Director: Bob Boilen; Audio Engineers: Josh Rogosin, James Willetts; Videographers: Bronson Arcuri, Colin Marshall, Maia Stern, Tsering Bista; Production Assistant: Jenna Li; Photo: Claire Harbage/NPR.
For more Tiny Desk concerts, subscribe to our podcast.
About 5 percent of women in U.S. territories such as Puerto Rico who got infected with Zika virus while pregnant have gone on to have a baby with birth defects, federal researchers reported Thursday.
It's the first look at how Zika affected pregnancies in the territories, which are more likely to be affected by Zika than the U.S. mainland because they have more tropical climates.
A municipal health worker draws blood from 3-month-old Shayde Henrique, who was born with microcephaly, in Joao Pessoa, Brazil, Tuesday, Feb. 23, 2016. Andre Penner / AP
The CDC reported in April that 10 percent of women with Zika-affected pregnancies in the 50 U.S. states ended up having babies with birth defects.
It may seem like the rate in the more affected territories is half that seen in the U.S. states, but because of the nature of data, it's actually comparable, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said.
The new report is a good reminder that mosquito season is starting up again in the Northern Hemisphere, said acting CDC director Dr. Anne Schuchat.
Related: Zika Raises Birth Defect Rate 20 Times
“With a new mosquito season and summer traveling beginning, we cannot afford to be complacent,” Schuchat told reporters. “We must continue preparing for another mosquito season.”
Zika was first noticed in Brazil in 2015 and its effects on babies are now indisputable as the mosquito-borne virus has spread across the Americas.
Once considered boring to the few scientists who had even heard of it, Zika has turned out to be a major cause of profound birth defects. It's also surprised researchers in other ways, including how it spreads. Not only is Zika spread by mosquitoes, but it can be spread by all types of sex.
“Zika virus poses a serious threat to pregnant women and their babies,” Schuchat said.
It's taken a while to get consistent data from the U.S. territories, which include American Samoa, Puerto Rico, the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, the CDC said.
Related: Zika-Affected Babies Can Cry 24 Hours a Day
It shows 3,930 women living in the territories tested positive for Zika virus while pregnant. Of them, 2,549 have either had their babies, or had a miscarriage or abortion.
“In this report, more than 120 pregnancies resulted in Zika-associated birth defects,” the CDC said in a statement.
“Among the women with confirmed Zika infection during the first trimester, 8 percent or nearly one in 12 had a baby or fetus with Zika virus-associated birth defects.”
Another 5 percent infected in the second trimester of pregnancy had a baby with a birth defect and 4 percent of women who tested positive in the third trimester of pregnancy.
“Zika virus infection during any stage of pregnancy can cause birth defects,” the CDC said.
Related: Answers to your Zika questions
“Among the 122 fetuses or infants that met the surveillance case definition for possible Zika-associated birth defects, 108 (89 percent) were classified as having brain abnormalities and/or microcephaly.”
Microcephaly is the abnormally small head that is the hallmark of Zika-caused birth defects. But Zika can cause many other, less-visible brain defects.
“We know that it causes brain abnormalities, vision problems and other devastating consequences of brain damage that might require a lifetime of care,” Schuchat said.
“Zika virus infection during any stage of pregnancy can cause birth defects.”
“Some babies have seizures while others have little to no control of their limbs.”
Puerto Rico declared its Zika epidemic over earlier this month, but Schuchat said there are still cases there.
“We continue to urge pregnant women to avoid travel to areas where Zika is spreading and that includes Puerto Rico,” they said.
“We can't predict exactly how much Zika will be spreading these next several months or the next several years. But cases continue to occur. The vector is there.”
Related: Zika Destroyed This Woman's Pregnancy
Zika is carried by Aedes aegyptus mosquitoes, which thrive across the U.S. South and live year-round in places such as south Florida and the Texas Rio Grande valley. Both places have had local transmission of Zika, which means mosquitoes there have been infected with the virus and spread it.
Cases elsewhere in the U.S. have been spread by travelers bringing the virus back with them.
One unsettling finding: It doesn't seem to matter whether a woman has symptoms from Zika. The virus does not cause symptoms in most people it infects and most people who do have symptoms suffer little more than a rash, and perhaps headache, fever and general achiness.
“This report highlights the threat of Zika virus infection in pregnancy, particularly the risk of damage to the baby's brain.”
So all pregnant women who might have been infected need to be tested, Schuchat stressed.
“I think the bottom line for women is that there is no doubt that Zika virus during pregnancy diagnosed during any trimester can lead to birth defects,” they said.
“It's very important to get tested … and to have the baby followed up carefully. This is a very dangerous virus in the pregnancy setting.”
In the 50 states and Washington, D.C., the CDC has had reports of 1,883 pregnant women with Zika. Of them, 72 have had babies with Zika-linked birth defects and eight have been stillborn, miscarried or aborted because of Zika damage.
“This report highlights the threat of Zika virus infection in pregnancy, particularly the risk of damage to the baby's brain,” said Peggy Honein of CDC's Zika task force.
“To help us fully understand and plan for Zika's effect, we must continue to monitor babies for any problems with vision, hearing, or other disabilities.”
Republicans' grip on all levers of power stands as a mandate to the GOP-led Congress, which will move swiftly to try to undo eight years of outgoing President Barack Obama's agenda.
With Republican President-elect Donald Trump just weeks away from assuming office, GOP lawmakers plan to open the 115th Congress on Tuesday and immediately take steps to repeal Obama's health care law. Beyond that, they'll look at a tax overhaul, reversing Obama-era environmental regulations and other conservative priorities.
Republicans will face some obstacles. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi says Democrats "stand ready to fight vigorously" to protect health care and other priorities, and Republicans will have to compromise with Senate Democrats to move major legislation through that chamber.
A look at what the 115th Congress will be up to in 2017:
———
NEW MEMBERS
New members of the House and Senate will be sworn in on Tuesday, the first day of the new Congress.
In the Senate, five Democrats and two Republicans will be sworn in for the first time, joined by returning members who won re-election in 2016. After those members are sworn in, there will be 52 Republicans, 46 Democrats and two independents who caucus with the Democrats.
The House will have 52 new members — 27 Republicans and 25 Democrats. There will be 241 Republicans in the House and 194 Democrats.
———
CONFIRMING A NEW CABINET
Trump is sworn in on Jan. 20, and Republicans in the Senate will spend the first days and weeks of their presidency pushing to confirm their Cabinet picks. Democrats changed the rules and curbed the filibuster in 2013, making it easier for Republicans to move nominations. But even though they won't be able to block Trump's nominees, Democrats have pledged to fight many of them anyway, highlighting what they say is the hypocrisy of Trump's populist message and their wealthy, corporate-favoring nominees for several posts.
———
REPEALING OBAMA'S HEALTH CARE LAW
The Senate plans to begin repealing Obama's health care law on Tuesday, Congress' very first day, with consideration of a procedural measure that will shield the initiative from Democratic filibusters.
Lawmakers will then spend the next few months working on legislation canceling broad swaths of the law. Likely to go are its mandate that people buy health insurance or face IRS fines, and its expansion of Medicaid coverage to more lower-earning Americans. Some elements of the repeal likely wouldn't go into effect for two to four years.
Republicans will then begin the more complicated task of building a new system. The GOP will have to craft new programs for the nation's $3 trillion health care system and make sure insurance markets don't collapse while the transition is under way.
———
TAX OVERHAUL
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., and Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., want a massive overhaul of the tax system with the goal of simplifying a complicated tax code that rewards wealthy people with smart accountants as well as corporations that can easily shift profits and jobs overseas.
It would be the first major tax overhaul in 30 years. Trump has also advocated a tax overhaul, but with fewer details. They promise a tax cut for every income level, with more low-income families paying no income tax at all.
———
SUPREME COURT
Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia died 11 months ago, but the Senate still hasn't considered a replacement. That's because McConnell blocked consideration of Obama's nominee, Judge Merrick Garland, saying the next president should make the pick. The strategy paid off, and the Republican Senate will consider whomever Trump nominates.
———
MEDICARE CHANGES
Ryan is the most powerful advocate in Washington for an overhaul of Medicare and a premium-support approach that would, over time, remake it into a voucher-like program that could force some seniors entering the program to buy health insurance on the open market instead of getting coverage through the traditional open-ended program.
But their ideas likely will run into a political reality. Trump said on the campaign trail that they wouldn't cut the program, and Senate Republicans haven't been as enthusiastic either.
Candidate Trump also initially promised not to cut Medicaid — the federal-state health insurance program for low-income and severely disabled people. During the campaign, Trump seemed to shift, backing "block grants" that limit federal funding.
———
SOCIAL SECURITY
Like Medicare, some House conservatives have said they want to overhaul Social Security and slow the program's growth to curb spending. But Trump has said they don't want to touch those programs, and Ryan told CBS' "60 Minutes" in December that they have no plans to change Social Security.
———
REVERSING REGULATIONS
Republican leaders have complained throughout Obama's presidency about burdensome regulations, a theme Trump used frequently during the campaign as well. GOP lawmakers now want to undo some of Obama's regulations and executive orders, using the Congressional Review Act, a rarely invoked procedure.
Many of the regulations they are targeting are rules put in place by the Environmental Protection Agency, including the Clean Power Plan to cut carbon pollution from coal-fired power plants, a clean water rule that has drawn the ire of farmers and another rule imposed in December to protect nearby streams from coal-mining debris.
———
INFRASTRUCTURE
Trump made rebuilding the nation's aging roads, bridges and airports a major part of their job-creation strategy in the presidential race. But those plans appear to have fizzled, somewhat, as GOP leaders have questioned the spending.
———
Associated Press writers Alan Fram, Matthew Daly and Ricardo Alonso-Zaldivar contributed to this report.
A Mashrou' Leila concert in Cairo last month sparked a public outcry against Egypt's LGBTQ community and led to the country's widest anti-gay crackdown.
Fans waving rainbows flags at the concert became targets. Egyptian authorities have arrested at least 57 people in the escalated persecution of LGBTQ communities in Egypt.
The targets have had a range of identies: Members of the LGBTQ communites, allies to the LGBTQ community and others. Since the concert, at least five men have been subjected to anal examinations as part of the crackdown. So far, Western governments have been silent.
This recent crackdown is part of an Egyptian government and media attack on what they label public indecency and "debauchery." Although there are no laws that outlaw homosexuality in Egypt, conservative society has targeted gay men.
Since 2013, local police have used dating apps to identify and arrest gay men, lawyers say, in addition to raiding homes and parties.
The arrests following the concert have drawn considerable condemnation from human rights groups, and a plea from Mashrou' Leila for solidarity among activists and artists.
Mona Eltahawy, an Egyptian-American writer, has called the situation "hysterical homophobia” and explains that it is "the worst crackdown on the LGBTQ community in modern Egyptian history.” They say condemnation from the international community is a vital next step.
But “so many countries that claim to be beacons of human rights and civil liberties have been shamefully silent," they add.
Hear more about the progression of the LGBTQ crackdown in Egypt in the audio, above.
From PRI's The World ©2017 PRI
(AP Photo/Andre Penner). Brazil's Neymar walks on the pitch during the round of 16 match between Brazil and Mexico at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Samara Arena, in Samara, Russia, Monday, July 2, 2018.
(AP Photo/Andre Penner). Brazil head coach Tite, right, talks to Brazil's Neymar, left, during the round of 16 match between Brazil and Mexico at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Samara Arena, in Samara, Russia, Monday, July 2, 2018.
(AP Photo/Petr David Josek). Belgium coach Roberto Martinez celebrates with Belgium goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois after winning the round of 16 match between Belgium and Japan at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Rostov Arena, in Rostov-on-Don, Russia, Mo...
(AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko). Belgium's Marouane Fellaini celebrates after scoring their side's second goal during the round of 16 match between Belgium and Japan at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Rostov Arena, in Rostov-on-Don, Russia, Monday, July 2,...
(AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell). Belgium's Nacer Chadli, second right, celebrates after scoring their third side's goal during the round of 16 match between Belgium and Japan at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Rostov Arena, in Rostov-on-Don, Russia, Monday...
By PAN PYLAS
Associated Press
KAZAN, Russia (AP) - To get past Belgium in the quarterfinals at the World Cup, Brazil has to do something it has not been able to do since it last won the tournament in 2002: overcome European opposition in the knockout stages.
Since beating Germany 2-0 in the 2002 World Cup final, the five-time winner has been eliminated by European sides in the three subsequent competitions. Brazil lost to France and the Netherlands in the quarterfinals of the 2006 and 2010 World Cups and was humiliated 7-1 by Germany in the semifinals four years ago at home.
Fortunately for the Selecao, Belgium has a poor record against South American sides at the World Cup. Not only has Belgium not won any of its games against South American teams in the knockout stages, it hasn't even managed to score a goal. Most recently, Belgium lost 1-0 to Argentina in the 2014 quarterfinals.
The core of that side remains in place in Russia, where Belgium has won all four of its matches, including coming back from 2-0 down to beat Japan in the round of 16 with a thrilling counterattack in the final seconds of injury time.
Everyone knew about the array of talent running through the Belgium side, from Thibaut Courtois in goal to Kevin De Bruyne in midfield and Eden Hazard and Romelu Lukaku up front. The main questions following disappointing defeats in the 2014 World Cup and the 2016 European Championship centered on the team's character.
That 3-2 victory over Japan was the first time a team has overcome a two-goal deficit to win outright since West Germany beat England in 1970, and the first to do it in regulation since Portugal came from three down to beat North Korea in 1966. It has fueled confidence inside the Belgium camp that it can deal with adversity and make the World Cup semifinals for the first time since 1986.
"Maybe it's this sort of match that we needed for the future," said Hazard, the captain.
Coach Roberto Martinez won praise for their substitutions, with both Marouane Fellaini and Nacer Chadli scoring, the latter with practically the last kick of the match.
"You have to find solutions, you have to find reaction but what you have to find more than anything is the desire and togetherness of a group of players, that they are desperate to perform," Martinez said.
Unlike the game against Japan, Martinez said, Belgium will be the underdog in the quarterfinal against Brazil and as such should play with a certain amount of freedom.
"I think it's a game that when you are a little boy, you dream of being involved in a World Cup, facing Brazil in a quarterfinal," they said, "so from our point of view we can enjoy from the first second."
Brazil coach Tite dismissed talk that their team is the favorite to win the match against Belgium, let alone the World Cup.
"Everything is open, up for grabs," they said.
The winner will play France or Uruguay in the semifinals in St. Petersburg on Tuesday.
WHAT WILL GIVE?
Belgium is the competition's top scorer with 12 in its four games, with the goals spread around the team. Lukaku has four but seven of their teammates have scored, too.
Though Brazil has yet to hit the heights on the attacking front, it and Uruguay have been the meanest defenses in the competition, conceding just one goal apiece in four matches.
There is a worry for Brazil heading into the Belgium match: The team will be without midfielder Casemiro, who is suspended after picking up a second yellow card in the 2-0 win over Mexico in the round of 16. Casemiro has provided a strong shield in front of the Brazilian defense. One option could see Fernandinho come into the side for a role they are accustomed to playing at Manchester City.
WALKING A TIGHTROPE
As has been the case throughout this World Cup, Brazilian forward Neymar will likely garner much of the attention during the match, both for their skills and speed as well as their on-field theatrics. Neymar will have to be careful not to pick up another booking as they would miss a semifinal should Brazil prevail. Others walking a tightrope are midfielder Philippe Coutinho and defender Filipe Luis.
For Belgium, defender Jan Vertonghen and De Bruyne are carrying yellow cards as well.
___
Samuel Petrequin in Kazan, Russia, contributed to this report.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
PHOENIX — Tens of thousands of Arizona teachers are poised to walk off the job this week to demand more funding for public education, an unprecedented action in this conservative state without many union protections.
Educators who are among the lowest-paid in the U.S. have organized weeks of protests seeking raises and a boost in overall school funding, culminating in a vote for the first-ever statewide strike.
It comes despite a plan from Republican Gov. Doug Ducey to increase teacher pay 20 per cent by 2020. Teachers are concerned about a lack of stable funding and a failure to address other demands.
A grass-roots teachers group mobilized the #RedforEd campaign, with backing from the Arizona Education Association, the largest teacher membership group. But the association lacks the power to collectively bargain with school districts or require mandatory participation in this right-to-work state.
That has led to a disparity across school districts in how to handle the walkout and could lead to fallout for Arizona educators.
Here's a look at what's happening:
WHAT'S A WALKOUT AND WHAT WILL HAPPEN?
A walkout is a job action that can be used as a protest, and teachers plan to launch it statewide Thursday, with no end date set. With 78 per cent of roughly 57,000 educators voting in favour last week, tens of thousands of teachers are expected to participate. Many are expected to attend a rally at the state capitol.
Their participation could have consequences. Some states, like New York, prohibit strikes outright, but Arizona's situation is less clear.
The education association has warned its 20,000 members about a 1971 Arizona attorney general opinion saying a statewide strike would be illegal under common law and participants could lose their teaching credentials. No school district has said they would fire educators who strike or revoke teaching certificates.
Teachers in some districts have been advised to take personal leave time to participate.
WHAT ARE THE DEMANDS?
The one that received the most attention is a 20 per cent raise for teachers who earn an average of $47,218 annually, compared with a national average of $58,353, according to 2016 data from the National Education Association. They also want yearly raises until their salaries reach the national average and competitive wages for classified staffers.
Another demand is a return to pre-Great Recession spending levels, which would be roughly a $1 billion increase annually. Part of that includes the goal of driving down class sizes to a 23:1 ratio.
The fifth demand is a freeze on tax cuts until spending on each student reaches the national average. A May 2017 report from the National Education Association says per-pupil spending in Arizona was $8,296, compared with $12,572 nationally.
HOW ARE THE GOVERNOR AND LAWMAKERS RESPONDING?
Ducey has offered teachers a 20 per cent raise by 2020 and pledged to see their proposal through despite concerns by lawmakers of their own party. They vetoed 10 Republican measures recently to push the Legislature to send them a budget with the pay increase.
Ducey's plan relies on higher-than-expected state revenue. Republican legislative leaders have expressed concern about where the money might come from and are negotiating the plan this week.
WHAT DOES THE WALKOUT MEAN FOR SCHOOLS, TEACHERS AND PARENTS?
The state's nearly 200 public school districts can try to keep schools open or can close them down.
Districts were still determining their plans, but the state's largest district in suburban Phoenix and many others have warned parents they will shut down at least Thursday and Friday. Schools could be open if enough teachers, staff or administrators show up.
Many parents will have to make child care plans. Community groups have opened registration for day camps, while some stay-at-home parents are volunteering to watch others' children. Local parent-teacher associations also are putting together food boxes for kids who rely on free breakfast and lunch at school.
Hourly workers like custodians might not get paid if their schools close, but they would get a paycheque if the days are made up at the end of the school year.
WHAT'S HAPPENED IN OTHER STATES?
The Arizona campaign took inspiration from West Virginia, where teachers went on strike and got a raise. The movement also spread to Oklahoma, Kentucky and most recently Colorado, where over a dozen school districts are closing Thursday and Friday because of planned teacher protests.
Arizona has seen a unique blend of grass-roots uprising, with help from the teachers association. Unions mobilized teachers in other states, though they also had little collective bargaining power with districts.
Like Arizona, Oklahoma is a right-to-work state, where teachers spent two weeks on strike, even after money was approved for teacher raises and more school funding. West Virginia officials said a strike was illegal, but the nine-day action led to a 5 per cent pay increase, much lower than what Arizona teachers have been offered.
Follow @insidefutbol
Henrikh Mkhitaryan insists their home debut for Arsenal was "special" after they helped the Gunners to a comprehensive 5-1 win over Everton at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
The midfielder, who headed to Arsenal as Alexis Sanchez joined Manchester United, turned out for the first time in front of the Arsenal fans as the Gunners locked horns with Everton in the Premier League fixture.
Arsenal made a blistering start at the Emirates and were 4-0 up by half time thanks to a brace from Aaron Ramsey and goals apiece from Laurent Koscielny and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang.
Everton pulled one back in the 64th minute, but Ramsey completed their hat-trick in the 74th minute to leave the Toffees reeling.
Mkhitaryan provided three assists for their team-mates and turned in a superb display which won them the Man of the Match award .
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
WASHINGTON — An aide to embattled Rep. Blake Farenthold is circulating a letter to current and former female staffers for them to sign in a show of support as the fallout from a sexual harassment settlement continues to dog the Texas Republican.
The letter is also critical of their accuser in the settlement.
The letter, which was forwarded to NBC News, asserts that Farenthold has “always treated us fairly and with dignity and respect,” and paints their accuser, former staffer Lauren Greene, as “one disgruntled ex-employee.”
“We, collectively, are shocked and disappointed in a system that is rushing to judgment based on false statements and one disgruntled employee,” states the letter, which was emailed by Lainey Lothian, a legislative correspondent for the member of congress.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Rep. Farenthold accusuer may talk to Ethics Committee by end of year 6:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Farenthold settled the case in federal court in 2015 after Greene accused them of sexual harassment, gender discrimination and creating a hostile work place. Greene was paid $84,000 in taxpayer funds through the Office of Compliance account for workplace disputes.
Related: Ethics probe of Farenthold picks up steam
Farenthold's chief of staff, Bob Haueter, who was named in the suit, continues to work for him. They tell NBC News that they aren't aware of the letter but said "there's a great deal frustration about all that is being said by just about everyone in the office."
Lothian said they did not “initiate” the letter and that no one in the member of congress's office asked them to send it but they did not respond to requests for more information on who wrote it or asked for it to be circulated.
It's unclear how many people have or will sign the letter. It has yet to be released publicly with signatories.
The letter is also critical of the process. It notes that the Office of Congressional Ethics, a staff-run board, "voted 6-0 unanimously to dismiss the matter."
But the Ethics Committee thought there was enough evidence to proceed. The committee continues its investigation into the accusation, an effort that intensified when the member of congress's accuser agreed to be interviewed last week after Greene spoke to the press. The committee is re-upping its existing probe into misconduct allegations now that Greene has agreed to speak to the committee.
Les Alderman, Greene's attorney, declined to comment on the letter being circulated.
Letters of support were also released in support of Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota and Rep. John Conyers of Michigan, two Democratic lawmakers who resigned last week amid sexual harassment allegations. Those demonstrations of support, however, were organized by former staffers, not current ones like Lothian, and did not take aim at their accusers.
In Franken's case, 14 former aides signed onto the letter, which was joined by separate letters from their former colleagues at "Saturday Night Live" and more than 80 Minnesota elected officials and community leaders.
Two Republican woman in the House have called on Farenthold to resign. Mia Love of Utah was the first, and Cathy McMorris Rodgers of Washington, a member of leadership, did so on Friday.
Two other women, both former staffers, came forward last week detailing a difficult working environment in Farenthold's office.
Emily Peace, who was communications director after Greene, described a hostile work environment in an interview with The Houston Chronicle, claiming that the member of congress did nothing to address it. “His comments were inappropriate, and their unwillingness to immediately take action to allow us to work in a safe environment is inappropriate,” Peace said.
Olivia de la Pena, a former intern, told the Chronicle that Farenthold had “anger issues” that they had to learn to navigate which, in one episode, left them in tears. Farenthold's office said that the member of congress and the entire staff had undergone sensitivity and harassment training since those episodes.
Producer: Barbara Walters deserves credit for 2013 Feldman interview “You should know that this didn't happen without Barbara digging into it. Barbara exposed all this . . . Barbara made this happen,” said the producer of "The View."
Barbara Walters faces backlash after Corey Feldman clip resurfaces Walters also made headlines in 2014 for defending Woody Allen after their adopted daughter accused them of molesting them
Barbara Walters feels ABC execs have 'ruined' legacy of 'The View' "Instead of focusing on smart, educated women with strong talent, they cast uninformed child actors on the show," a source told Page Six.
City lawyer says cops will arrest anyone if disobeyed -- even Barbara Walters Anyone — even Barbara Walters — would get arrested if they ignored NYPD cops' orders to move during a protest, a city lawyer asserted Tuesday. The Law Department attorney made...
Barbara Walters doing fine despite report of health scare "Barbara had some routine doctor appointments, they are fine and they are at home," the legendary talk show host's spokesperson told Page Six.
Image copyright PA Image caption Jack Shepherd let Charlotte Brown drive their speedboat for a "thrill", the Old Bailey heard
A man accused of killing a young woman when their speedboat capsized did not tell them there were life jackets on board, a court heard.
Jack Shepherd, 30, of Paddington, is accused of Charlotte Brown's manslaughter after both fell from their speedboat on 8 December 2015.
They "did not even ask if they could swim," the Old Bailey was told.
Mr Shepherd, who is being tried in their absence, denies manslaughter by gross negligence.
Reading from the transcript of a police interview, Prosecutor Aftab Jafferjee QC told the court the defendant admitted the boat had been going "full throttle" before the collision.
Police were called to reports of someone in distress near Wandsworth Bridge at about 23:45. Ms Brown, 24, from London, died later in hospital.
The jury heard the pair had met hours earlier online and had been for a dinner at The Shard before going to Mr Shepherd's houseboat.
They then allegedly took a bottle of champagne on board the web designer's speedboat for a ride towards Westminster and back.
After they gave them the wheel for a "thrill", the speeding vessel hit a submerged tree trunk and capsized.
Image copyright Metropolitan Police Image caption Charlotte Brown did not know there were life jackets on board the speedboat before the crash
Their boat also had a number of defects, with life jackets - although not a legal requirement - tucked away out of sight.
They said: "Neither of us were wearing life jackets, although there were two between the seats.
"She would not have known they were there and I did not point them out. I did not even ask if they could swim."
The defendant had previously been stopped twice by police on the river who "impressed upon them the importance of making sure life jackets were worn by those on board", the court was told earlier.
On 22 August 2015, they had taken a girlfriend to the Shard by boat but they felt "uncomfortable" and left them at the restaurant to take a taxi home.
The trial continues.
MUSIC: Shatta Wale – Dukui (Prod. WillyF Beatz)
Dancehall act Shatta Wale is on a releasing spree, and they once again comes through with this brand-new joint titled “Dukui”.
Dukui is an uptempo jam that was produced by WillyF Beatz.
https://www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/Shatta-Wale-–-Dukui-Prod.-WillyF-Beatz.mp3
Note: There is a file embedded within this post, please visit this post to download the file.
The post MUSIC: Shatta Wale – Dukui (Prod. WillyF Beatz) appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON — In 2016, hydraulically fractured horizontal wells accounted for 69 percent of all oil and natural gas wells drilled in the U.S. and 83 percent of the total linear footage drilled, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration.
The combination of horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing has increased the rate of recent U.S. crude oil, lease condensate, and natural gas production. Hydraulically fractured horizontal wells became the predominant method of new U.S. crude oil and natural gas development in October 2011, when total footage (in linear feet) surpassed all other drilling and completion techniques.
Increased production
The combination of horizontal drilling and hydraulically fracturing has contributed to increases in crude oil and natural gas production in the United States, which are both expected to reach record levels in 2018.
Although horizontal drilling has been used for nearly a century, its use as a source of U.S. oil and natural gas production began growing in the early 2000s. The process involves drilling a well vertically to a certain depth and then bending the path of the drilling until it extends horizontally.
Because they are longer, and the drilling process is more complex, a horizontal well is generally more expensive to drill than a vertical well, but it is expected to produce more crude oil and natural gas. Horizontal drilling allows more of the wellbore to remain in contact with the producing formation, increasing the amount of oil or natural gas that can be recovered.
More footage
This method also results in horizontal wells having more drilled footage than vertical wells — hence total footage drilled using horizontal drilling techniques surpassed vertical footage before the actual number of horizontal wells surpassed the number of vertical wells.
In 2016, total drilled footage reached nearly 13 million feet, about 10.7 million of which were hydraulically fractured and horizontally drilled. The length of the horizontal section, or lateral, can range from a few hundred feet to several miles.
Hydraulically fractured horizontal wells have accounted for most of all new wells drilled and completed since late 2014. As of 2016, about 670,000 of the 977,000 producing wells were hydraulically fractured and horizontally drilled.
Completion technique
Hydraulic fracturing is a completion technique, meaning it is performed after the oil or natural gas well has been drilled. Like horizontal drilling, this technique has been practiced for many years, but it has only recently become a major part of U.S. production in combination with horizontal drilling.
Hydraulic fracturing involves forcing a liquid under high pressure from a wellbore against a rock formation until it fractures. The injected fluid contains a proppant — small, solid particles, usually sand or a human-made granular solid of similar size — that wedges open the expanding fractures.
The proppant keeps the fracture open, allowing hydrocarbons such as crude oil and natural gas to flow more easily from the additional surface area to the rock formation provided by the fractures back to the wellbore (the drilled hole) and then to the surface.
Related coverage
It's unclear if the update will also resolve the issue regarding repairs done with genuine replacement Apple displays, which apparently affects the automatic brightness level when placed by third-party repair companies. According to our report, this is an issue that dates back to iOS 11.1, and could somehow be tied to the company wanting to lock downTouchID and FaceID sensors for security reasons. Or, as some aftermarket companies claim, could also be a way to damage trust in third-party repair shops.
iOS 11.3.1 will likely be available to customers soon. Apple is also running a beta version of iOS 11.4 for developers, which 9to5Mac says will likely be out in late May or early June.
Jewish travellers who are away from home this Passover can find seders to attend in destinations around the world.
The Jewish outreach organization Chabad-Lubavitch will be hosting ritual holiday dinners in countries ranging from Australia, China and South Africa to Brazil and Germany.
Spring-break travellers will find seders in places like Orlando, Florida; Cabo San Lucas, Mexico, and the Caribbean.
An annual seder in Kathmandu, Nepal, draws nearly 2,000 people each year, including many Israeli travellers.
An online directory at Chabad.org/seders has a search function to help locate seders by city, state and country. Hosts ask that you reserve ahead. Most seders are free though some charge $36 to $40 a person, but none turn guests away for lack of funds.
The Passover holiday begins March 30 at sundown.
Video
CCTV from a newsagent captures the moment a bus collided with 24 other vehicles in Dartford.
The incident, in Hythe Street, left 16 people injured, although none seriously.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of careless driving.
The Volkswagen Beetle will soon be exterminated Volkswagen is exterminating the Beetle. The automaker's head of research and development, Frank Welsch, has confirmed that the brand's iconic compact car will not be replaced when the current model...
#MeToo has execs questioning 'car girls' at auto shows GENEVA — At the Geneva motor show, some automakers want visitors to focus their minds more on the models — the cars, that is, not the women. In the wake...
The way driverless cars crash can be a marketing opportunity Last week, I pondered the future — how driverless cars were going to change the rules and etiquette of the road. For instance, would road rage become a thing of...
Ford ousts top exec over 'inappropriate behavior' DETROIT — Ford has ousted one of its top executives over allegations of unspecified inappropriate behavior. The company says in a statement that North America President Raj Nair is leaving...
Hurricane Harvey hits stocks of insurers and auto giants As Houston grapples with Hurricane Harvey, Wall Street is reeling in its aftermath. Energy stocks plunged into the red as much refining activity around the Texas coast came to a...
Chinese auto giant interested in buying Fiat Chrysler China's Great Wall Motor Co. is interested in bidding for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, a company official said on Monday, confirming reports it is pursuing all or part of the owner...
Time to kill the car-dealer cartel Lawmakers in Albany are considering a bill to let Tesla open more New York showrooms to sell its vehicles. Fair enough — but why restrict where people buy cars at...
Carl Icahn plans to acquire thousands of auto-repair shops Carl Icahn has big plans for the US auto-parts sector — and big retailers like AutoZone, O'Reilly and Advance Auto Parts aren't going to like them. The billionaire investor is...
Elon Musk wants to 'anti-sell' the new Tesla model Tesla is on track to start production on its new Model 3 car this July — but don't expect a hard sell from Chief Executive Elon Musk. “We anti-sell the...
With temperatures set to plummet well below zero degrees tonight the Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning for ice for the evening and tomorrow morning.
A spokesperson for the Met Office said: "Ice is expected to form on some surfaces from late Monday afternoon and last overnight into Tuesday morning.
The warning from the Met Office
"There will probably be icy stretches on untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths with some injuries possible from slips and falls.
"Temperatures are likely to fall rapidly below freezing later on Monday across much of the area. This will lead to icy stretches, particularly where snow melt has occurred during the day, or where a mix of rain and snow has fallen across the south of the area."
The Met Office weather warning is in force between 4pm today, Monday, and 11am tomorrow, Tuesday December 12.
RELATED: 10 key DOs and DONTs of snow and ice driving
This suspect's cruel and unusual escape attempt was all bark.
A man in Alaska wanted on drug charges threw a puppy at a state trooper in a botched escape bid, police said.
Jordan Melton, 32, was approached by a state trooper who recognized them late Sunday while walking in the Williwaw subdivision near Wasilla, where a string of property crimes had been reported, the Anchorage Daily News reports.
After making contact with Melton, Trooper Jared Noll said the Wasilla man then threw their puppy named Sugar at them and tried to flee on foot, police said.
Noll caught Sugar, who was not hurt. They were later handed over to one Melton's friends, according to the newspaper.
Megan Peters, a spokesperson for the Alaska State Troopers, told the newspaper that Noll's alleged actions didn't rise to animal cruelty.
Melton, who was sought on charges of misconduct involving a controlled substance, was arrested “after a brief attempt to get away” and taken into custody at the Mat-Su Pretrial Facility. They were released after posting $1,000 bail on Monday, according to the newspaper.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A retired Croydon principal who was honoured by the Queen for their services to young people is facing jail once again after their conviction for sexually abusing a 14-year-old boy had been quashed on a technicality.
Last year, John Coatman, 76, was found guilty of gross indecency with a member of a Christian youth group they were involved with in the 1970s.
Their conviction was thrown out by the Court of Appeal in April, because a senior judge ruled they could not be charged with that offence at the time because of the age of the victim in relation to the charge.
When the case returned to the Old Bailey for a retrial, Coatman pleaded guilty today (Monday) to an amended charge of indecent assault.
Coatman, of Leyburn Gardens, was head teacher of St Andrew's Church of England High School, in Warrington Road.
They retired in 1998 after 42 years as a teacher and was awarded an MBE in 2012.
Claims against them had surfaced in 2014 after the breakdown of the victim's marriage and problems at work.
Coatman, who described themselves as a bachelor, had told jurors they were "shocked" and "deeply shaken" to be arrested.
They denied the accusation that "rough and tumble" with their victim had turned sexual, saying the only physical activity the young people engaged in was British bulldog.
The topic of sex did crop up during youth group meetings, but only in reference to passages in the Bible involving "Christian aspects of sexual behaviour", they said.
The jury rejected their explanations and found Coatman guilty of two counts of gross indecency but not guilty of buggery.
Ruling on the appeal case in April this year, Lady Justice Hallett overturned both convictions due to serious prosecution errors meaning Coatman should not have faced either of the charges of gross indecency.
In their written conclusions, Lady Justice Hallett said: "The appellant could not be charged with offences ... because of the age of the complainant at the time."
This is because at the time of the alleged offences in 1973, the complainant was either 14 or 15.
The amendment to the law, increasing the age threshold for an offence from "under the age of 14" to "under the age of 16" did not come into force until January 2001.
Therefore, the judges ruled Coatman could not have committed the offence of gross indecency in 1973.
Following the plea hearing on Monday (December 11), Coatman was bailed to be sentenced at the same court on January 12.
Follow @insidefutbol
Middlesbrough have opened talks with Ingolstadt for the signature of Watford and Saint-Etienne defensive target Marcel Tisserand.
The 24-year-old defender is expected to leave the club after Ingolstadt were relegated from the Bundesliga last season, but with a few weeks left in the window, they are yet to find a solution.
Watford have been interested in taking the defender to the Premier League, but with Saint-Etienne also keen, the former Monaco defender reportedly favours a move back to France.
But their future remains up for discussion and they are courting more English interest as according to French sports daily L'Equipe, Middlesbrough are interested in signing them this summer.
Garry Monk has already spent heavily to strengthen their squad in the transfer window and is looking to bring in more fresh faces before the transfer window slams shut on 31st August.
A defender remains on top of their agenda and Tisserand has been identified as a target, with Middlesbrough opening talks with Ingolstadt for their signature this month.
It remains to be seen whether Tisserand, who favours a move back to France, will be receptive to an offer to play in the Championship for Middlesbrough this season.
Experts know that certain volcanoes, such as ones in Alaska, erupt often: sometimes multiple times per year. Since they're in remote areas, they don't usually don't pose a threat to the public, though they can cause disruptions to the aviation routes above them.
Volcanoes in more populous areas — like the ones in the Cascade Mountains that weave through northern California, Oregon and Washington — pose much less of a threat.
"The time scale of eruptions is long compared to most humans' experience," said Chuck Connor, a volcanologist at the University of South Florida.
In some cases, that means centuries, or even thousands of years, between eruptions. Mount Rainier in Washington, for example, last erupted about 1,100 years ago, according to the USGS.
Hawaii's Kilauea, on the other hand, is considered one of the most active volcanoes on the planet. It's been erupting nearly constantly since 1983.
Most other volcanoes fall somewhere in between. Here's a primer on volcanoes, plus a map of some of the major active volcanoes in America.
Active volcanoes of America: 10 to watch Roque Ruiz
What is a volcano?
Volcanoes are vents that spew lava, rocks, and steam out to the Earth's surface. Molten rock below the Earth's surface is called magma. After it erupts and comes out the volcano, it's called lava.
Volcanoes usually form at the boundary between the Earth's tectonic plates, which is why in America, they're mostly concentrated in the West, Hawaii, and Alaska.
"The eastern part of the United States is basically geologically stable and quiet, and the western part is colliding and sliding past the Pacific plates, and that causes the activity," Connor said.
What are the different types of volcanoes?
There are four different kinds:
cinder cones, the simplest type, are made of small pieces of solid lava (called cinder);
stratovolcanoes, which are usually tall (the most famous example is Mount Rainier, the tallest volcano in the country), composed of layer upon layer of lava flows, volcanic ash, cinders and other elements;
shield volcanos, which are composed almost entirely out of fluid lava flows (the Hawaiian islands are made of a chain of shield volcanoes, including Kilauea);
and lava domes, which are technically lava flows that are too thick to flow away from the vent. Lava domes can be sizable: The Novarupta Dome that formed during the 1912 eruption of Katmai volcano in Alaska was 800 feet across and 200 feet high.
How much warning is there before an eruption?
Scientists are able to predict volcanic activity anywhere from several days to several weeks before it happens — if they have the right tools in place.
The USGS currently considers 169 volcanoes in the U.S. to be active, and has in-ground measuring tools to monitor even the slightest change in activity in about half of them — those considered the highest-risk volcanoes, said Charles Mandeville, program coordinator for the USGS volcano hazards program. Mandeville added that in the coming months, the USGS plans to revise the number of active volcanoes in the U.S. down to 161.
The 88 currently being monitored the most closely show little activity this week, other than at Kilauea, and the Cleveland volcano in Alaska's remote Aleutian islands, which is under advisory, they said.
These instruments were not available before the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens in Washington. That eruption killed 57 people and blew ash across a dozen states.
Black smoke and ash drift skyward as Mount St. Helens erupts, sending a mushroom-shaped cloud more than 16,000 feet into the atmosphere on March 30, 1980. Mount Rainier, Washington's highest mountain, can be seen in the background. AP file
Since then, there have been small eruptions at Mount St. Helens. But nothing, scientists added, that should scare anyone away from the area.
"I don't think there's going to be a major eruption like what happened in 1980 anytime soon. But these [volcanoes] are all considered active. They will erupt in the future, we just don't know when," said David Williams, associate research professor in the school of earth and space exploration at Arizona State University.
So how nervous should we be about volcanoes?
Volcanoes pose a significant threat, not only from eruptions, but also from other activity, like landslides. While there's not usually any definitive pattern to volcanic activity, scientists have learned a lot since the deadly 1980 Mount St. Helens eruption — and their tools have become a lot more sophisticated since then, meaning anyone who might be affected should be notified in plenty of time to get to safety.
"We're actually getting pretty good at forecasting the volcanic eruptions," Connor said.
Two weeks after Hurricane Maria ravaged Puerto Rico, millions of residents remain without power, food, running water or reliable means of communicating with the rest of the world. Their situation is still desperate, but there are many ways we can help.
Here's what we can do right now.
Donate Money To A Legit Charity
The first and perhaps most obvious way to help Puerto Rico — or any disaster-affected region — is by donating money. Make sure to send funds to an established charity, as scam artists are raring to take advantage of those with open hearts — and open pocketbooks.
"Always beware of fake charity websites that pop up looking to take advantage of those wanting to donate for a recent disaster," says Michael Lai, CEO of Sitejabber, a web site that helps consumers find trustworthy online businesses and avoid scams.
"Also be on the lookout for anyone soliciting money of behalf of a charity. If someone calls you to solicit donations, this is most likely a different type of charity scam looking to steal personal information. Never give out your social security number or home address or anything to these callers."
Christopher Olivola, assistant professor of marketing at the Tepper School of Business at Carnegie Mellon University recommends The Life You Can Save and GiveWell, which help "identify the charities that will make the most of each dollar donated (in terms of lives helped/saved)."
Erin Taylor, director of communications for humanitarian response at Save The Children recommends that prospective donors verify charities either through Charity Navigator or GuideStar.
In Puerto Rico, Sara and their daughter are learning to cope with the realities of life and loss following Hurricane Maria. Almost half the island has no access to clean water and many are without power, food and basic necessities. We're on the ground providing critical aid to children and families who need it most. You can help us ensure they survive this crisis, recover from their losses and rebuild their lives. Please donate through the link in our bio. A post shared by savethechildren (@savethechildren) on Oct 6, 2017 at 6:09am PDT
Taylor adds that Save The Children is on the ground now in Puerto Rico, and plans to be "for the months ahead." The charity is asking for monetary donations and not supplies because "cash allows us to target the response as we see needs to come up — then we're able to distribute goods in a way that has the greatest impact. What we wouldn't want to have happened is for there to be things donated with the best of intentions and then as the needs evolve we can't use them," says Taylor.
Trump may condition NAFTA accord on Mexico toughening its immigration laws
Washington, Apr 23 (EFE).- President Donald Trump suggested Monday on Twitter that they might condition a renegotiated NAFTA accord on Mexico's toughening enforcement of its immigration laws.
“Mexico, whose laws on immigration are very tough, must stop people from going through Mexico and into the U.S. We may make this a condition of the new NAFTA Agreement,” tweeted Trump, referring to the North American Free Trade Agreement currently being renegotiated among the US, Mexico and Canada.
“Our Country cannot accept what is happening! Also, we must get Wall funding fast,” they added.
Trump made their Twitter remarks shortly after US media reported the arrival in California of 50 members of a Central American immigrant caravan that had been crossing Mexico from south to north for weeks and officially ended its journey in early April in Mexico City.
In another tweet, Trump said that “I have instructed the Secretary of Homeland Security not to let these large Caravans of people into our Country.”
“It is a disgrace. We are the only Country in the World so naive! WALL” the president added.
The caravan grew to some 1,500 people and, coinciding with its northward trek, Trump ordered the deployment of the National Guard along the southern US border, with about 900 troops initially being sent to the border area, according to figures provided by the US Border Patrol.
The “Fox & Friends” television program on the Fox cable network, which Trump regularly watches in the mornings, on Monday reported the arrival of 50 Central American migrants on US territory and said that more “waves” of up to 500 immigrants were continuing to head north across Mexico.
Trump's tweets come as the NAFTA renegotiation process appears to be in its final phase.
Mexican Economy Secretary Ildefonso Guajardo predicted last week that in “the next two or three weeks” the talks will get to “the landing zone,” while US Vice President Mike Pence said on April 14 that they were sure that a newly designed pact would be agreed to in the next few weeks.
However, Trump has said that they are in no to reach an agreement and in mid-April remarked that they were ready to “negotiate forever,” if need be, and that the pact could be concluded in “two weeks” or in “three months or five months,” as far as they were concerned.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Olive oil is a staple ingredient in many Mediterranean dishes, yet the source for the highest quality olive oil these days may be thousands of miles from Europe and the Middle East.
The countries best known for olive oil — Italy, Spain and Greece — have had bad harvests this year from unruly weather, Bloomberg recently reported, and the prices for olive oil have jumped in response. Meanwhile, California has been steadily increasing its olive oil manufacturing, and implemented strict standards for the oil. “More and more people are aware of the high standards we have and embracing locally produced products,” said Patricia Darragh, executive director of the California Olive Oil Council based in Berkeley, a trade association with a seal certification for local farmers.
More domestic players are joining the U.S. olive oil production business, which has seen a 9.2% increase in revenue over the past five years, and demand and revenue are expected to continue to rise through 2021, though at a slower pace, according to research firm IBISWorld. California alone makes up more than 78% of U.S. olive oil production, according to the California Olive Oil Council.
Farmers must go through rigid certification testing by the California Olive Oil Council, which is celebrating its 25th anniversary this year, including a chemical analysis of the oil as well as a sensory evaluation after every olive harvest. The California Olive Oil Commission, an industry group of olive farmers, created standards the California Department of Food and Agriculture approved in 2014. Good olive oil should smell and taste fresh, the University of California, Davis Olive Center suggests, and should have fruity notes but may also be bitter or spicy.
Here's what's behind the whiskey boom in the U.S. (3:46) Whiskey suppliers' gross revenues reached $8.1 billion in 2015 and are estimated to have grown further in 2016. The surging demand for whiskey in the U.S. has led to a boom in craft distilleries opening up across the country.
See: Meet the food makers that think you don't trust them
Some old-world olive oil producers have been in the news in recent years for other not-so-great reasons. For example, Italian olive oil was accused of being not only not from Italy, but often composed of a mixture of cheaper oils, such as soybean oil, 60 Minutes reported last year. Bad harvests in Europe this year is making olive oil even more expensive, though prices have been rising for years due to an olive oil shortage caused by bad weather.
California olive oil has filled some of the void. “Historically, it has been difficult to market California olive oil because of higher cost of producing it versus what the exports were able to sell it for,” said John Mesrobian, a partner at The Mill at Kings River, an olive oil mill in Sanger, Calif. But with the “adverse publicity” about European oil, they said, there has been more interest in California olive oil.
California Olive Ranch, based in Chico, Calif., is the largest producer of extra virgin olive oil in the U.S., and can be found at Whole Foods WFM, +1.17% , among other stores.
Not everyone knows that what they're consuming may not be of the highest quality. Homegrown and imported olive oil is graded: the top of the scale is extra virgin olive oil, which is the oil in its more natural state after being pressed by the olive, followed by virgin olive oil, which has “reasonably good flavor and odor,” according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. More than half (55%) of consumers said they understand olive oil grades, according to a University of California, Davis Olive Center study in 2013, and yet no more than 25% of respondents were able to correctly identify grades.
Extra virgin olive oil is also linked to some health benefits, including the prevention and treatment of hypertension, Type 2 diabetes, cancer prevention and inflammation, according to a report from the University of Florida.
Check labels before buying olive oil, the California Olive Oil Council suggests, and keep in mind extra virgin olive oil is best used within 18 months from harvest so look for expiration as well as harvest or milling dates on the packaging. If the bottle is clear or exposed to light it can shorten the shelf life of the oil — it should also be tightly contained and kept away from heat. Oil approved by the council has its own seal, indicating it was grown in California and met certain requirements.
(KTVB) A pair of puppies are finally home with new families in Idaho after a frustrating weekend of cross-country flights.
The puppies' breeder in Virginia put them on a Delta Air Lines flight en route to Boise on Saturday. From there, the dogs found themselves cris-crossing the country.
- Advertisement -
Josh Schlaich says it all started with a phone call on Saturday from a “No-Caller-ID” number. The person on the other end claimed to be a Delta Air Lines employee.
“They said ‘Hey, just wanted to let you know the dog's flight has been delayed and the dog is going to stay the night here.',” Schlaich said. “They said, ‘Here's the number of a person who's going to take care of it, their name is Chris. You need to call them if you want any more information, thanks, bye.'”
The numbers they were given to contact “Chris” were out of service. Schlaich says they called Delta several times only to get hung up on.
Related Article: Passenger says Delta crew stopped them from singing anthem
“It's a culmination of uncaring customer service and bad logistics,” Schlaich said.
They later found out their puppy was being kept at a boarding site.
“We finally got the information,” Schlaich said. “They kind of vaguely said ‘Well it will go out on a flight tomorrow, should be there somewhere around one or two tomorrow afternoon', which was today.”
When they showed up at the Delta cargo area of the Boise Airport Sunday afternoon, they were given the wrong dog.
Read more: http://bit.ly/2u23iuY
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
Image copyright Google Image caption Rhondda Cynon Taf council is based in Tonypandy
A councillor in Rhondda Cynon Taf has been charged with two sexual assaults.
South Wales Police said a 67-year-old man from Treherbert had been charged with two counts of sexual assault against women.
 They are understood to be Will Jones, Plaid Cymru councillor for Treherbert, who was elected in 2017. Mr Jones has been suspended from the party.
Rhondda Cynon Taf council has been asked to comment.
A Plaid Cymru spokesperson said: "When they became aware of a serious complaint about personal conduct, councillor Pauline Jarman took the decision to suspend a councillor from the Plaid Cymru Group on Rhondda Cynon Taf council.
"Upon becoming aware of the complaint, Plaid Cymru chairperson Alun Ffred Jones took the decision to suspend the councillor from party membership - they will remain suspended from the party until legal proceedings have concluded."
Mr Jones will appear at Merthyr Tydfil Magistrates' Court on 25 May.
Doc Gooden's ex was 'disgusted' by ESPN documentary Watching “Doc & Darryl” — the ESPN “30 for 30” film on troubled former Mets Dwight “Doc” Gooden and Darryl Strawberry — in June 2016, Monique Gooden had one reaction:...
Bill Parcells: Belichick and I were too busy to visit Jets locker room The Two Bills were … tired of filming. Bill Parcells offered their explanation for a scene in ESPN's latest “30 for 30” that raised eyebrows after airing Thursday night, in...
Behind the new craze for pro-wrestling-nostalgia documentaries “Nature Boy,” the ESPN 30 for 30 documentary on Ric Flair, premiered to ratings 78 percent higher than the average 30 for 30. Along with Netflix's “The Resurrection of Jake...
Ric Flair alleges ex-manager stole $25K from ESPN doc Ric Flair alleges their former management company pocketed the $25,000 they earned for ESPN's “30 for 30” special on their life, TMZ reported Friday. The WWE legend, who was featured...
Inside the two frighteningly different sides of Ric Flair was the guy everyone wanted to be – no one more so than Richard Fliehr, the man underneath the over-the-top wrestling persona. “Nature Boy” Ric Flair was the...
It was an unimaginable turn of events when journalist Laura Gooderham ended up winning the beauty pageant they were sent to cover.
Gooderham, 24, originally attended the auditions of the 2017 Miss Grimsby pageant as a reporter for the Grimsby Telegraph.
While there, Millie Margetts spotted them making notes and taking photos.
Margetts, 21, a three-time winner of the local beauty contest and reigning champion, approached Gooderham and asked why they aren't competing herself.
Although unsure at first, Gooderham began to warm to the idea after learning the contest raised money for charities Beauty With A Purpose and Andy's at St Andrew's Hospice.
They excelled in the auditions and was eventually crowned the overall winner, meaning she'll take part in the upcoming Miss England contest.
Margetts described Gooderham's “likable girl-next-door” image as “what Miss England is all about.”
“It's not about getting plastered in make-up, it's about showing who you really are,” they said.
Gooderham was close to tears when they won and told the Grimsby Telegraph, “I want to congratulate all the other girls. They have been brilliant.
“I have some big shoes to fill following in Millie's footsteps.”
Grimsby is a town of nearly 90,000 people which is 185 miles north of London. It was voted the worst place to live in England in 2016, according to the Grimsby Telegraph.
Gooderham was named Miss Great Grimsby and District alongside Ben Toyne, 23, who earned the title of Mr. Grimsby at the event in the Lincolnshire town.
Gooderham only graduated from Lincoln University in 2016 and a week later began reporting at the Grimsby Telegraph, where they had previously impressed during an internship.
“I'm nervous and excited and it's going to be for me a once-in-a-lifetime thing,” they exclaimed.
Gooderham's story comes as a beauty queen who was formerly called an “ugly thin bitch” by bullies, won a Miss England heat in this stunning wooden dress.
When I heard last week that Diarmuid Connolly was going to accept a 12-week ban for laying a hand on linesman Ciaran Branagan, I have to admit that I was surprised.
The culture in the GAA has sunk so low that someone taking their punishment is unusual and I hadn't been expecting to take their medicine.
As it turns out, those reports were wrong and Connolly has challenged that ban, which was upheld by the Central Hearings Committee on Tuesday night. We can expect them to run through the various bodies in the coming weeks, possibly going all the way to the Disputes Resolution Authority (DRA).
There is a culture now that, no matter what a player does to get a suspension, they challenge it in the hope of getting off so that they can play the next game.
I spoke here last week about a lack of respect for referees in our games and when a player refuses to take their punishment it feeds into this, making it harder and harder to be a referee, whose authority is consistently being eroded.
I have heard people saying that there should be fewer avenues of appeal within the GAA, but I have no problems with the structures as they are because if a player is sent off in error they deserve the right to be heard and have their suspension overturned.
Diarmuid Connolly walks away from linesman Ciaran Branagan
What I want to see is a rulebook that is fair for players, referees and for officials - it has to be simplified and the loopholes that consistently seem to be exploited have to be closed off.
We have the DRA with their sharp legal minds and these people should be brought in to look at the rulebook to tighten the whole thing up.
The rulebook is a mess, I think we all have to accept that, and we're a along way away from the day that it's in order. So before then I'd like to see the GAA bringing in county boards and county managers for a chat behind closed doors.
Talk about concussion! If it happened now I'd like to think I'd have been whipped straight off.
They have to try to draw a line in the sand and say to those people that ‘we can't just appeal everything, it's time for people to take their punishment'. Maybe they won't listen, but it should be tried because the culture has to change and we have to start somewhere.
We hear people giving out that players from higher profile counties tend to be disproportionally punished using video evidence and I can understand why a lack of consistency can drive someone mad.
Had the Connolly incident happened in a Division 4 League game with no cameras around nothing would have been done. But that doesn't make it right that they appeal the decision. If you do something wrong you have to accept the consequences.
I'd say there are a fair few people shouting at their screens right now saying that it was Tyrone that kick-started this culture of appealing for the sake of it, just on the off-chance that you might get a player off. And those people are probably right.
Gavin Devlin and Colm Parkinson after their 2003 League final clash
In 2003 Gavin Devlin was banned for 12 weeks for standing on Laois' Colm Parkinson in the League final that year.
We played Derry in the first game of the Ulster Championship not long after and Gavin got on the bus about a mile from the ground because they had been off having a hearing. It wasn't the best preparation for them or the team because none of us knew who was going to be playing.
Something similar happened with Ryan McMenamin in 2005 after that replayed Ulster final with Armagh. Stephen O'Neill and Peter Canavan were sent off for us and banned, but rightly had their suspensions overturned.
Armagh's Paul McGrane got a ban for knocking me out cold. I don't remember the incident and I don't remember a thing about the ten minutes after it happened. Talk about concussion! If it happened now I'd like to think I'd have been whipped straight off.
But the big story was Ricey, who was yellow-carded for dropping the knees of John McEntee, later having that bumped up to a red and a four-week ban. Tyrone got lawyer Fergal Logan involved and the ban was overturned by the DRA.
Ryan McMenamin and John McEntee together in the 2005 Ulster final at Croke Park
Again, it wasn't ideal preparation as we were heading off to play a qualifier game and we had no idea whether Ricey would be playing or not. It's not good for the player either because their focus is on their case and we've seen it in the past, with the likes of Lee Keegan and Connolly, if they get off they end up not playing well because their minds are elsewhere.
Genuinely, I don't know who was driving Ricey's case, but I would imagine it was team management. It's not something you speak about amongst players because you're just getting on with it and concentrating on your own game.
Time for these appeals to end when players are clearly guilty...and yes I thought the same when I was a teammate. Culture change needed — Philip Jordan (@PhilipJordan7) 12 June 2017
I know I didn't say anything at the time and I was delighted when they came back, but I know I was thinking at the time: ‘Ricey, would you catch yourself on and just take your medicine'.
Once other counties saw we were getting away with it they all joined in - Armagh, Dublin, Kerry, Mayo and the rest - and then it becomes part of the culture.
It's a sad reflection on the GAA and it has a knock-on affect. What does it say about our attitude to discipline if you get sent off, but don't have to serve any time?
Can Eddie Lampert save Sears?
Probably not, say most experts, despite years of maneuvers and machinations to keep the storied retailer afloat. Long a mainstay of the U.S. retail landscape, Sears is still suffering massive losses and declining sales, and many believe its only hope is a bankruptcy filing.
The twist in the tale is that Lampert, the company's chief executive, main shareholder and a key lender through their hedge fund ESL Investments Inc., is unlikely to lose much money, even as other shareholders are wiped out. That's because Lampert, again and again, has positioned themselves to benefit from the moves required to keep Sears in business while shielding them from potential downside.
Lampert came to the job with a view to making it work, but “when the attempt looked like it was going to fail, they switched into the hedge-fund role rather than the retail role,” said Chuck Tatelbaum, chairperson of the creditors-rights practice group at the law firm Tripp Scott.
Lampert recently proposed that their fund buy out the only remaining assets deemed to hold much value, namely the Kenmore brand, the Sears Home Improvement arm of the Sears Home Services division (SHIP) and the PartsDirect business.
In a letter from ESL to Sears management — effectively Lampert writing to themselves — the investor said the move would show that the assets still have value and provide Sears SHLD, -6.79% with much-needed liquidity without any further deterioration.
One restructuring expert characterizes the latter stages of Sears's 125-year history as ‘the longest-running corporate liquidation probably in history.'
Don't miss: Sears is still kicking the can down the road with asset sales and debt measures
“We also are of the view that the portfolio of Sears assets has substantial value that is not being reflected in the capital markets or being maximized under the current organizational structure,” said the letter.
The board has just begun the formal process of exploring that sale.
On Tuesday, ESL asked the board to reconsider limits placed on its ability to engage with potential partners in a deal after it said it had received “numerous” inquiries. The fund noted that there has been a significant increase in the price of Sears's unsecured debt since ESL made the original offer on April 20, making debt repurchases or debt-for-equity exchanges less attractive.
See: This is the one retail category not marked by too many stores
Analysts agree that Sears's demise is mostly the result of Lampert's failure to understand the fast-changing retail sector over the last 10 years and their neglect of the actual stores, which are drab and carry an ever-dwindling inventory, much of it heavily discounted.
It's “the longest-running corporate liquidation probably in history,” said Ted Stenger, a managing director with AlixPartners in New York.
Untangling the web
An examination of the tangled structure they have created through years of transactions reveals that Lampert wears other hats, too, including that of landlord for some of Sears's locations.
The Wall Street Journal, in a graphics-driven article published in December, outlined how the real-estate investment trust called Seritage was created in 2015 by a group that included Sears shareholders and ESL, which contributed about $3 billion. Seritage went on to acquire 266 properties from Sears and lease many of them back to the retailer.
Some of the most valuable properties “are protected if Sears Holdings fails, owned by a separate company that can re-lease more profitably to other tenants,” the Journal reported. “Lampert, through ESL, controls much of that entity and stands to benefit as those properties generate higher rent, while also collecting dividends, lending fees and interest payments.”
And Sears has received a number of loans over the years from ESL, its affiliates, the company's pension plan, and other investors. In one case, a $1.25 billion loan was repaid after Sears sold its Craftsman brand. And Sears sold property to repay $101 million from another loan.
Sears said ESL's loans were reviewed by a board committee with outside advisers and offered terms that were more favorable than Sears could have found elsewhere, the Journal reported. The company has said it would sell other real estate to reduce debt and meet its pension obligations.
But some experts say the seemingly endless transactions are just smoke and mirrors to mask the dire state of the underlying business.
“It's in the guise of trying to save this company, which could not be saved years ago and should have been put through a corporate reorganization,” said Elliott Lutzker, chairperson of Davidoff Hutcher & Citron's corporate law practice.
If the board accepts the ESL offer, Lampert will take direct control of the most valuable pieces of the iconic retailer — and could, in fact, walk away having made money off the slow demise of a once-robust operation that stocked just about everything America needed.
“Our principal interest is seeing that Kenmore, SHIP and PartsDirect are divested in the near term in a transaction that delivers the greatest value for Sears, regardless of whether ESL or a third party is the ultimate buyer,” ESL told MarketWatch in a statement. “This will enable Sears to improve its debt profile and liquidity position, creating the runway to help continue its transformation, and allow these businesses to unlock their considerable potential by further expanding their presence in the marketplace.”
Also: We asked musicians why guitar companies like Gibson are struggling and how to revive them
Creeping cash crunch
Susquehanna Financial Group analysts led by Bill Dreher said the ESL letter “simply looks like another pre-emptive move by insiders to secure the most valuable assets,” according to an April note. “We don't believe that Sears equity holders will beneficially participate in Sears's underlying asset value.”
What's more, Dreher has said they have “ZERO” — in capital letters — belief in a meaningful improvement at the suburban Chicago-based company despite Lampert's assertions that, under the right conditions, Sears could still turn things around.
”[W]e believe for over a decade, Sears Holdings has been shopping around any and all of their assets for sale,” they said in a more recent note. (Lampert's Kmart Holding Corp. acquired Sears Roebuck & Co. in 2004.)
Read: These investors are sticking with retailers despite the ‘apocalypse'
Analysts suspect that the cash crunch at Sears is getting tighter, and the company may be eager to sell assets to raise the cash needed in order to make it to Christmas.
Don't miss: Companies like Shopify help smaller retailers compete in an Amazon world
Lately, rather than boosting its retail operation, it appears to be outsourcing it to Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, +0.63% announcing a partnership with the e-commerce giant to sell and install tires after having previously begun selling Kenmore appliances and DieHard products via Amazon.
“Instead of making a big push, placing eggs in the basket around these two brands [Sears and Kmart], they've incrementally invested in things like better online experience and better frequent shopper programs,” said AlixPartners' Stenger.
What's required is a new image, new merchandise and a new bricks-and-mortar experience, which can be expensive. “Their operations aren't worth much, but they're sitting on a lot of real estate,” Stenger said.
For the year ending Feb. 3, 2018, revenue fell to $16.7 billion from $22.1 billion in the previous fiscal year. Revenue for fiscal 2014 was $31.2 billion, nearly twice as much.
Larry Perkins, founding partner at SierraConstellation Partners, said that even with all of the steps Lampert has taken, they could still lose money. “He'll most certainly lose less money now than if they just let it collapse and tried to sell it later,” said Perkins. “He's delevering it, putting money in, giving it its last chance.”
But eventually it's likely there will be no more money or options. Time will simply have run out.
“He's a highly sophisticated investor,” said Perkins. “At a certain point, they determine there's nothing else they can really do. This is the highest, best use of these assets, given this scenario.”
See: Retail defaults may increase in 2018 as companies are still stressed, S&P cautions
Sears shares have fallen 56% in the past year, while the SPDR S&P Retail ETF XRT, +1.32% has gained 16%. The S&P 500 index SPX, +1.37% from which Sears was dropped in 2012, has risen 13% and the Dow Jones Industrial Average, of which Sears was a component until 1999, is up 17%.
See also: Sears' restructuring plan lacks the one thing it needs most: a way to drive sales
Half of you will love this, and half of you will hate it: An international team of scientists says its research strongly suggests that dogs are smarter than cats.
A paper accepted this week for publication in the journal Frontiers in Neuroanatomy reports that dogs' brains have more than twice as many cortical neurons — the cells linked to thinking, planning and complex behavior — than cats' brains do.
A pug dog at the annual Crufts dog show in Birmingham, England, in March 2011. Oli Scarff / Getty Images
The team, working at universities and zoos around the world, counted the number of cortical neurons in eight carnivorans, a large class of mammals that have teeth and claws that allow them to eat other animals. (That's different from carnivores, the much larger class of all meat-eating animals, including bears, raccoons and seals.)
They found that dogs have about 530 million cortical neurons, while cats have about 250 million.
"I believe the absolute number of neurons an animal has, especially in the cerebral cortex, determines the richness of their internal mental state and their ability to predict what is about to happen in their environment based on past experience," said Suzana Herculano-Houzel, an associate professor of psychology and biological sciences at Vanderbilt University, who developed the method the team used to count neurons.
The research explains why, but first, here's another picture of an adorable dog to help it go down easier:
A dog seen dressed as Moana during the Haute Dog Howl'oween Parade on in Long Beach, California, on Oct. 29. Chelsea Guglielmino / Getty Images file
The research accounted for physical brain size, assessing the number of cortical neurons against the size of the brain they can cram into. And it turns out that dogs have more sheer brainpower even than carnivorans with much larger actual brains — including African lions and brown bears.
Why? The paper puts it this way: "Large carnivorans appear to be particularly vulnerable to metabolic constraints that impose a trade-off between body size and number of cortical neurons."
In other words: Once a species grows beyond a certain size, the energy needed to hunt meat roughly equals the energy the species is able to consume. And because the brain uses more energy than any other organ, there's not enough leftover energy for it to continue developing, evolutionarily speaking.
(The sweet spot appears to have been found by raccoons, which have about the same number of cortical neurons as a dog, but in a brain only the size of a cat's, according to the research.)
“ Dogs have the biological capability of doing much more complex and flexible things with their lives than cats can.”
"Meat eating is largely considered a problem-solver in terms of energy, but, in retrospect, it is clear that carnivory must impose a delicate balance between how much brain and body a species can afford," Herculano-Houzel said.
Think about it. When was the last time you saw a seeing-eye cat or a cat trained to sniff out bombs?
"I'm 100 percent a dog person," Herculano-Houzel said. "But with that disclaimer, our findings mean to me that dogs have the biological capability of doing much more complex and flexible things with their lives than cats can.
"At the least, we now have some biology that people can factor into their discussions about who's smarter, cats or dogs."
Image copyright CBS Image caption Michelle Levine also posted negative reviews on Zocdoc and Healthgrades
A woman in New York is being sued by their former doctor after they posted negative reviews about their gynaecology practice on the internet.
Michelle Levine says they have already had to pay $20,000 (£15,000) in legal fees to fight the million-dollar case.
The lawsuit arose out of a visit last August to Dr Joon Song, in which Ms Levine says they were improperly billed.
They have been accused of defamation, libel and causing emotional distress with their negative comments.
"At first, I was in disbelief," Ms Levine, 36, told WABC-TV in New York, after they were sued for $1m in damages.
"That's not defamatory. Everything I wrote is true," they added.
In their review - which was posted to Yelp, Zocdoc and Healthgrades - the Manhattanite complains of "very poor and crooked" business practices at the doctor's office.
"And I gave them one star on Facebook, which they also put in their complaint," Ms Levine told CBS, adding that their private medical records were included in publicly-available court documents as well.
Image copyright NYU Langone Health Image caption Dr Joon Song
In a since-deleted review after their August 2017 visit, they wrote: "I suspect that this doctor gives unnecessary procedure [sic] to a lot of people and then charges the insurance sky high prices and no one knows the difference."
Ms Levine wrote that, despite visiting the office for an annual review, they were billed for an ultrasound that they claim they did not need.
On their Yelp page, the doctor's office claims that the ultrasound is given to all new patients due to its ability to detect potentially serious medical conditions.
A lawyer for Dr Song said in a statement to US media: "While everyone is entitled to their opinion, outright lies masquerading as reviews can inflict serious damage to a medical practice or small business."
"Just because you are allowed to and are able to doesn't mean that you should do so without reservations about what you say," added lawyer Areva Martin.
"Your First Amendment right doesn't give you the right to defame someone."
A call by BBC News to Dr Song's office was not immediately returned on Wednesday.
In court, their lawyers cite their Yale training to refute Ms Levine's alleged experience.
A spokesperson for Yelp told ABC News it was "rare for businesses to sue their customers", adding that the company "always said that litigation is not a good substitute for customer service".
A total of 206 drivers had their cars or vans seized at the side of the road due to them lacking proper insurance cover or a valid driving licence, during a week-long crackdown.
Uninsured drivers were targeted by Police Scotland, in partnership with the Motor Insurers' Bureau (MIB), during a week of action which started on Monday, January 30 and ended on Sunday, February 5.
A total of 349 drivers were detected for driving while uninsured during the campaign, and during the same period, 206 vehicles were seized for being uninsured or unlicensed.
The campaign, which was delivered through a combination of mobile and static road checks throughout Scotland, involved officers from Police Scotland's Road Policing Division, who were deployed with the latest intelligence to target uninsured drivers and hotspot areas.​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​
Superintendent Fraser Candlish, deputy head of Road Policing for Police Scotland, said the statistics show there are motorists who continue to drive without insuring their vehicles.
They said: “These figures demonstrate there are still some drivers who continue to drive their vehicle without proper insurance cover.
“Although the campaign has now ended, we will continue to stop those drivers using uninsured vehicles and remove their vehicles from the roads.”
​Neil Drane, Head of Enforcement Services, at MIB said: “The significant assistance offered by Police Scotland in running the week of action has been invaluable.
“Proving there is nowhere to hide and with over 200 uninsured vehicles being seized from uninsured drivers, the roads of Scotland are safer for now.
“It is clear that the partnership approach between MIB and Police Scotland will need to continue to target uninsured drivers and we look forward to forging an even more effective partnership by increasingly working together in the months ahead.”
Transport Minister Humza Yousaf welcomed the campaign: “Police Scotland and the Motor Insurers Bureau's joint campaign has successfully highlighted to drivers in Scotland the importance of having the correct insurance in place at all times.
“The Scottish Government is committed, through Scotland's Road Safety Framework to 2020, to achieving safer road travel in Scotland through a partnership approach.”
They added: “I hope my example reminds others to check their policies to make sure they are properly insured at all times of the year, and I remain committed to my work to striving towards the challenging casualty reduction targets set out in the Framework.”
The Israeli beauty, Gal Gadot is one of the most popular actores at the moment. Gal has been acting for many years now, but they gained popularity thanks to their role in “Wonder Woman”. Gadot is dominating every event that they attend thanks to their gorgeous outfits and beautiful appearance. The former Miss Israeli looks stunning whether they wear a white shirt or a glamorous red carpet gown. That is why their outfits deserve all of our attention. Take a look at the video to see the Gal Gadot's 7 best red carpet looks.
Among their most glamorous appearances is the look they flaunted at the London premiere of “Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice”. Gal looked astonishing in a show-stopping red Prada dress. The velvet red gown featured a deep neckline and crystal embellished straps. Gadot was styled by Micaela Erlanger, who thought the dress perfectly matches the actor's role of Wonder Woman. The actor rocked a bold red lip, as a final touch to the glorious look.
Them red carpet appearances are always a fashion moment to remember. For the premiere of “Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice” in New York, Gal chose a dramatic, jaw-dropping mini-dress by Balmain. Olivier's dress featured their exquisite embellishments made of different types of beads. The dress also featured a high-neck and cut-outs at the shoulders. Gal toned down the statement dress with minimalistic makeup and loose waves.
For an appearance on the Jimmy Kimmel Show, the actor stunned in a floral Dolce & Gabbana dress. The sophisticated mini dress was a part of the Spring/Summer 2016 collection of the Italian luxury brand. It carried a mesmerizing floral embroidery with dramatic white and yellow daisies on a black base. Gadot finished off the look with a pair of yellow stiletto heels and a bold burgundy lip.
In the last week or so, Donald Trump has decided not to be totally Donald Trump. They have changed their positions on many issues, often by simply contradicting themselves and sometimes by repudiating what they once said. However they do it, it comes down to this: If policies were sexual identities, Trump wouldn't know which bathroom to use.
Related Articles April 18 Letters: Why San Jose needs tenant protection law
Cartoons: Is Donald Trump a loose cannon?
Editorial: Lawmaker proposes stealing $10.5 million from East Bay Regional Park District
Opinion: Fact-based sex-ed helps keep teens safe, healthy
BART's sexual assault awareness advice takes a creepy turn Trump has reversed themselves on NATO. Where just recently they pronounced it “obsolete,” they now have changed their position by cleverly reimagining it. They gave NATO a role in fighting terrorism, which it has been doing all along.
Similar feats of mental prestidigitation got Trump to change their mind on China, Russia and Syria where the one which was once almost a buddy (Russia) is now a foe and the one which was once a foe (China) is going to help contain North Korea and the one for which they had no policy (Syria) has been whacked by Tomahawk missiles. And for the moment, the U.S. embassy in Tel Aviv is not moving to Jerusalem.
These reversals represent nothing less than a retreat to the status quo ante — that halcyon era before Trump and their cast of mental Munchkins started messing with foreign policy. The policies that now seem to be in place are ones that even Barack Obama might support. In fact, with the exception of hitting Syria, they did.
But before we start celebrating Trump as a drunk who has suddenly gone sober, additional reversals are in order. The president might want to declare that it is wrong to mock handicapped persons. They might want to say something nice about Mexicans and they might want to retract their belittling of John McCain's heroism — acknowledge how the man suffered as a prisoner of war, choosing to undergo torture and confinement rather than accept freedom without pride.
Trump might also want to praise the Khans, the couple who lost a son in Iraq and whose sacrifice they mocked by likening it to what it cost them to build their business. They might also want to say they were wrong to suggest a certain judge could not fairly preside over a case involving Trump University because they were of Hispanic ancestry. Trump was wrong, too, to turn the presidential race into one of schoolyard taunts — “Little Marco,” “Crooked Hillary” and the rest. In short, Trump might want to institute a policy of acting presidential. Now, that would be a reversal.
Their foreign policy 180s are welcome, but those were not what won the hearts of their ardent supporters. They wanted something more — jobs, affordable health care and a general sense that Washington would once again be their capital. But NAFTA remains in place, Obamacare is still the law of the land, tax reform ain't coming soon and the swamp that was supposed to be drained has been replenished with, among others, former Goldman Sachs executives — most prominently Gary Cohn, once No. 2 at Goldman and now, for much lower pay, apparently No. 2 at the White House.
That's fine and dandy with me. I do not demonize Goldman Sachs. But Trump did. During the campaign, they lambasted both Ted Cruz and Hillary Clinton for their relationship with the bank. “I know the guys at Goldman Sachs,” Trump said. “They have total, total control over [Cruz]. Just like they have total control over Hillary Clinton.” Now, though, the total controllers are prominent in the administration — Steve Mnuchin at Treasury and, in the White House itself, Dina Powell, the asupervisorstioned Cohn and even the odd-man-out, Steve Bannon.
This reversal by personnel was not triggered by unforeseen events — Syria's use of a nerve agent, for instance. It is, instead, strong indication that Trump's campaign was a lie. Their wooing of the American working class was insincere. For instance, they put more effort into denouncing Obamacare than they did in preparing legislation to replace it. Those who thought Trump was somehow going to pay their doctors' bills simply got taken. They were — as were the students enrolled in Trump University — suckered.
Sooner or later, Trump's supporters will realize they have been seduced and abandoned. The easy solutions they promised — the return of manufacturing to the Midwest, the restoration King Coal to its traditional throne — will not materialize. Maybe then these voters will seek an accounting and they will turn, with appropriate fury, not just on Trump but on the coterie of the craven who jumped on their bandwagon. Trump is not the only one who can reverse their actions. So can the voters.
Authorities believe that the Cleveland killer who posted a Facebook video of themselves executing a grandfather has now turned off their cell phone, making it more difficult for police to track him, sources told cleveland.com.
A massive manhunt is currently under way for Steve Stephens, 37, who officials say posted a video of themselves gunning down Robert Godwin Sr., a 74-year-old father of nine.
Cleveland police spoke to Stephens over the phone early on in the investigation, but they refused to turn themselves in.
A ping from their cell phone was detected about in Erie, Pa., about a 100 miles east of Cleveland, authorities told CNN.
A portion of Interstate 20 westbound has been shut down in DeKalb County after part of the road to buckled Monday.
According to GDOT, crews were working underneath the interstate filing an abandoned gas line with concrete when something went wrong and the road buckled.
They are working to figure out what caused the pressure to build.
#BREAKING: I-20 WB SHUT DOWN! HOV lane buckled, witnesses say motorcyclist hit damage and is in hospital. Roadway up about 4-5 feet pic.twitter.com/2UKuVCqniR — Natalie Fultz FOX 5 (@NatalieFFOX5) April 17, 2017
I-20 west is closed between Gresham and Candler Roads, where the road is cracked and there is a large bump in the HOV lane. SKYFOX 5 flew over the scene just before 12:15 p.m.
Firefighters have blocked traffic from driving over the damage.
READ MORE FROM FOX 5 ATLANTA.
A desperate mom is begging people not to give money or food to their homeless son who is a heroin addict, claiming the kind donations are “killing him.”
In a heartbreaking plea the mother, from Cardiff, Wales, explains that they have had to learn to “block the pain” and try to not worry about them every day.
Asking to remain anonymous, they say she's begged them to stop using drugs and has stopped giving them money after being advised that he'd only spend it on their next fix, reports Wales Online.
As a result she's asking members of the public not to hand out food, cash or clothes to them on the street, as it's only “prolonging their drug use.”
Instead, they encourage them to give it to organizations like The Wallich — a Welsh charity that helps homeless and vulnerable people — who have outreach workers who will keep trying to engage with him.
They admit: “Drugs probably will kill my son. I have resigned myself to that.”
The mom explains that their son has been a drug user since they were about 13 years old, when older teenagers gave them cannabis, though they had no idea until later on.
They admit: “I will not say that their life was perfect, as no family life is, but they most definitely came from a loving home, albeit a single parent home, but they had grandparents, aunts and uncles that loved him.”
“He now has cousins that they haven't even seen. They used to go mountain biking, loved swimming in the sea, had ski holidays and holidays with relatives.”
The mom says things spiraled out of control in their teenage years but they refused counseling or help from their school and wouldn't engage with Camhs (Child and Adolescent Mental Health Service.)
They say: “Over the years I have had them call me to say they are going to end their lives, tell me on Christmas day that they are a heroin user.”
“I have collected them when they have been in no control of their own body on MKAT (the illegal drug mephedrine,) sleeping tablets, Spice (synthetic cannabis) and heroin — you name it.”
The mom has remained in contact with their son's youth offending workers, probation workers and drug workers, but says the problem lies in that fact that they won't accept he's a drug user.
They say: “He will call other users crack heads or druggies, but they will not accept that they too are one of them.”
“I have had to learn to block the pain to try to not worry every day. To trust that my street-wise son can and will look after himself.”
The single mom offered to fund their rehab and pay their rent if they manage to get clean — something they have begged them to do — but their son refuses.
They go on: “I have asked them to talk to me about where I went wrong, how I could have done things differently, I have apologized for my failings to them as a mother. I have sent them pictures to remind them of the life they used to have.”
Now they have taken the advice of the drug support agencies, who told them not to enable them by giving them money as it would only go on drugs and is urging other people to do the same.
They say: “My son is a drug addict. Addicts need their fixes by the hour and day. They cannot think long term. They cannot face reality. They take drugs to make them feel better.”
“So when you give my son clothes you are keeping them warm for that day and the next. When you give my son food you are feeding them for that day and the next. When you give my son money you are feeding their drug habit for that day and the next.”
“But none of this will help them in the long term as none of these are a long-term fix. You are, in effect, helping my son to meet their short-term needs with quick fixes.”
“Drugs probably will kill my son. I have resigned myself to that.”
They say their son, whom they haven't spoken to in weeks as their phone is dead, needs to hit “rock bottom” before he'll be prepared to get clean.
The mom concludes by warning people that by giving them money, food and clothes, they are prolonging their drug use — something they will eventually die from.
They add: “I would like to have my son home with me for Christmas, but while drugs have such a hold over them this is not possible.”
“Please make it possible for my son to be with me next Christmas and not in their grave.”
City Comptroller Scott Stringer and Public Advocate Letitia James called on Mayor de Blasio Monday to rescind the Fire Department's rehiring of Joseph Cassano, who had been forced to quit in 2013 after making hateful remarks about blacks, Jews and women.
They were joined by more than a dozen Democratic City Council members on the steps of City Hall in railing against the mayor's support for what amounts to a promotion of Cassano, 28, the son of former Fire Commissioner Sal Cassano.
The younger Cassano was quietly hired back as an EMT in 2015 and was officially sworn in as a firefighter on Monday.
“When our city government hires a person who has a known history of racist tweeting, our own government is, therefore, tolerating it and validating it,” Stringer said.
“Well, that's not the government we believe in.”
James called the personnel move “embarrassing,” “appalling” and “shocking.”
“It's time for the commissioner and the mayor to stop this promotion — to say no to bigotry,” they said.
Last week, de Blasio defended the rehiring of Cassano, even as they acknowledged the former EMT's comments had been “unacceptable.”
“[I] am someone who believes in redemption,” Hizzoner said when asked about the move.
City officials said Monday that Cassano had expressed remorse for their behavior, sought counseling from a rabbi, and volunteered with two organizations before returning to work as an EMT.
Before resigning in 2013, they had publicly posted messages on social media including that they liked Jews “about as much as hitler [sic].”
Great Britain trail 2-1 in their Davis Cup World Group tie in Spain after Jamie Murray and Dominic Inglot are beaten in the doubles by Pablo Carreno Busta and Feliciano Lopez.
READ MORE: GB trail Spain 2-1 after Murray & Inglot lose doubles
Image copyright PA
FirstGroup chief executive Tim O'Toole has stepped down with "immediate effect", after the bus and train operator reported a huge full-year loss.
The company, which owns Great Western Railway (GWR), said it lost £327m in the year to 31 March, compared with a profit of £152.6m last year.
The group's chairperson said the results "fell short of our ambitions".
FirstGroup shares are down by about 12% following the announcements.
Apart from Great Western Railway, the group also runs South Western Railway (SWR), the Heathrow Airport Connect service and First Bus in the UK, as well as the Greyhound bus business in the US. It employs about 100,000 people.
Mr O'Toole said: "The time is right for me to step aside. Today's results clear the way for the new approach sought by our chairperson and the board."
Mr O'Toole, who had been with the company for eight years, has been replaced by Wolfhart Hauser, who becomes executive chairperson, and Matthew Gregory, who becomes interim chief operating officer as well as chief financial officer.
Mr Hausser said: "This year's results fell short of our ambitions - we are disappointed that we did not make the further progress we intended based on the trends we saw at the end of the previous financial year."
FirstGroup's board was examining "all appropriate means to mobilise the considerable value inherent in the group", said Mr Hauser.
'Operational challenges'
As part of that process, Greyhound's business model and prospects are now under review, Mr Hauser added.
The long-distance bus service had been unable to "overcome the structural shift taking place in its long-haul markets, as ultra low-cost airlines significantly increase capacity and extend into new markets", said Mr Gregory.
In the UK, the GWR and SWR rail franchises had "operational challenges to overcome" but were both profitable, added Mr Gregory. However, the TransPennine Express franchise was loss-making and the group was providing for losses of up to £106.3m over the remaining life of the contract.
Earlier this year, FirstGroup rejected a takeover offer from a US private equity firm Apollo Management, an approach which came after it warned of trading weakness due to strong competition in the US.
FirstGroup has also been targeted by Canadian activist investor West Face Capital, which disclosed a 5% stake in the business last June.
As part of the ongoing cuts at Condé Nast, eight people were chopped at Vogue, the flagship title headed by Anna Wintour.
Among those who The Post has confirmed were laid off were Director of Communications Zara Rahim and Senior Market Editor Kirby Marzec. News of the cuts was first reported by Business of Fashion.
The moves are part of the rolling cuts that are re-shaping Condé Nast, which was said to have lost more than $100 million last year.
As part of that, earlier this year, Vanity Fair cut about 20 editorial staff, and Glamour cut around 10 in a single day of bloodletting.
Radhika Jones, who replaced Graydon Carter at the helm of VF earlier this year, has slowly been filling about half the spots. Former New Republic Editor Eric Bates — most recently features editor at New York magazine — this week was tapped to be executive editor, news and investigations. Daniel Kile, a former Time Inc. public relations executive, was named executive editor, events and strategy.
The Port Authority secretly videotapes medical exams for workers injured on the job, an employee charges in a potential class-action lawsuit filed Friday.
Charlene Talarico, a senior administrative secretary, claims they had their hand examined at one of the agency's medical offices on Park Avenue on Aug. 14, 2016, following an altercation with another employee.
Talarico later learned — through “discovery” evidence turned over to them after suing the co-worker in New Jersey — that there was “covert video surveillance of her,” according to their Manhattan federal court filing.
“This camera was a fixture in this examination room, where Ms. Talarico and other Port Authority employees received confidential medical care,” the lawsuit states.
The Paramus, NJ, woman — who has worked for the PA since 2009 — was visiting Dr. Pascale Kerlegrand when they were recorded, the court papers charge.
The Port Authority and Kerlegrand declined to comment.
A former Queens middle-school teacher who was fired for sexually harassing a student and making penis jokes in class is trying to get their old job back — plus back pay for time off.
MS 210 English teacher Brett Leichtman, 47, was terminated earlier this month for telling an eighth-grader that they loved them and wanted to marry her, and repeatedly touching their hair bun, according to court documents.
They also walked around class showing students a rubber band in the shape of a penis.
The Long Islander filed court papers on Thursday petitioning the city for their job back, arguing that their actions were just an “ill-conceived crude joke.”
But the girl's dad says they wouldn't want Leichtman teaching their daughter again.
“I wouldn't be comfortable,” said the dad.
Leichtman declined to comment to The Post.
In the new awards contender “Her,” now open in theaters, Scarlett Johansson plays a computer operating system named Samantha. Them performance has critics buzzing: The Post's film editor Lou Lumenick...
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The wait for a home win in 2017 goes on for Chester FC fans after the Blues were held to a 0-0 draw at home to FC Halifax Town.
In a game that lacked quality in the final third from both teams, Chester grabbed a point to make it two draws from two games but manager Jon McCarthy will know their side will need to find their stride sooner rather than later.
Here's our ratings from the weekend stalemate.
CONOR MITCHELL - 6/10
A couple of times they were almost caught out at crosses but a good save to deny Nathan Hotte late on from close range.
ANDY HALLS - 7/10
One of Chester's best attacking outlets came from righ back with Halls always a willing runner on the overlap. Rarely caught out and looked dependable.
RYAN ASTLES - 7/10
An aerial battle with the 6'7” Tom Denton provided them with a stern test but they did well, despite some stray elbows! Could have used the ball better from defence but defensively sound.
(Image: Dale Miles)
JOHN MCCOMBE - 6/10
Relished the physical tussle with an aggressive Halifax side and made some timely interceptions.
LATHANIEL ROWE-TURNER - 7/10
Chester's man of the match for me. Steady at left back and was an outlet when going forward. More than one occasion saw them pinch possession off Shaymen in dangerous areas.
KINGSLEY JAMES - 6/10
Tried their best to drive play forward from midfield but it was a game where two in the centre of the park saw their ability to get on the ball and effect things limited.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
PAUL TURNBULL - 6/10
Constantly vocal and looking to organise and a couple of decent deliveries into the box. Like James, they aren't able to impact as they woould have wanted to.
LUCAS DAWSON - 5/10
Was excellent against AFC Fylde but struggled to make an impact from the off against Halifax and was on the fringes for much of the contest.
CRAIG MAHON - 6/10
A better showing than Tuesday and showed flashes of what they are capable of but was often outnumbered by a Halifax side who did a good job in stifling their threat, although some challenges on the Irish winger were a bit more than just robust.
ROSS HANNAH - 5/10
Good to see them get 90 minutes and they will undoubtedly get going before too long but neither side had much joy in the final third with defences on top. Had to do a lot of chasing.
HARRY WHITE - 5/10
Superb on Tuesday, White worked hard but there was little reward. Halifax's defence looked to rattle them and they did that. A nasty cut to the head for their troubles after a tough afternoon.
SUBSTITUTES
JORDAN CHAPELL (on for Mahon - 79 mins) - 6/10
Did their best to try and stretch the visitors and saw a late effort saved by Sam Johnson.
JAMES AKINTUNDE (on for White - 68 mins) 7/10
Unlucky not to start after a good game on Tuesday, they provided a much-needed spark and very nearly won it at the death from eight yards.
The veteran NYPD detective accused of fondling themselves in front of young girls on Long Island was coerced by their own brothers in blue into giving a false confession, their lawyer claimed Monday.
“They played on their trusts and put them through a process that they didn't think was aimed at them — and wound up making them a suspect,” Peter Brill, defense attorney for Robert Francis, told The Post on Monday after their client's arraignment.
“These were people they believed were on their side,” they said. “Ultimately, we have a confession that they completely deny making, and they maintain their innocence on these charges.”
Francis, who is currently suspended, pleaded not guilty in Nassau County District Court to public lewdness, endangering the welfare of a child, and criminal trespass.
They allegedly waived their Miranda rights and admitted to exposing themselves and masturbating in front of four girls, between the ages of 14 and 17, following their arrest in Rockville Centre on March 26.
But Brill said their client never did such a thing — and on top of that, they were never identified in a police lineup. The lawyer claimed cops also ignored the fact that at least three of the victims had identified their flasher as being a white male.
“Robert Francis is far from white,” Brill said. “That would be an impossibility for someone to misidentify them as being white. Why not do any sort of identification procedure? Why no lineup?”
Brill told The Post they believe Francis, who is a military veteran, was ultimately used as a scapegoat by village police after they were unable to catch the real pervert.
“What we have here is a small police department, for a mostly upper class community, with a series of disturbing reports of someone committing these acts int heir backyard, and they seized on Robert Francis and they made the facts fit their suspicion, as opposed to what they're supposed to do, which is let their suspicion fit the facts.”
Francis, who is from Queens, was released on their own recognizance Monday with consent from the district attorney's office, Brill said.
The lawyer described the 15-year NYPD veteran as an “upstanding member of the community” who simply got taken advantage of by their former colleagues.
“To suggest that they were running around people's backyards, touching themselves because they were under stress, it makes no sense,” they said of their confession, in which Francis allegedly stated they were going through a rough time in their life.
“He was in that neighborhood for a completely innocent reason,” Brill added. “A social visit.”
Check out the 11 new running trends – all the items you simply have to have in 2017! – By Gear Ed, Ryan Scott
PORTABLE TIME OUT: Air Mate, R649
Hanging out after the race with your crew is a great time for socialising and recovering for your next run. An air hammock can be taken anywhere with little fuss. Once you've inflated it, you can kick back in comfort – no matter where you find yourself.
Air is trapped in two cavities, connected and sealed with a rollback mechanism that firms up to accommodate your bodyweight. It's made from durable rip-stop nylon, which is anti-tear and watertight.
Get it now > airmate.co.za
VERSATILE SHOES: ASICS fuzeX, R2 100
Planning to try out multiple types of races this year, from road to obstacle? The varied terrain you'll encounter will place equally diverse demands on your running shoes. Opt for a shoe that has short, middle and long-distance capabilities, and a neutral set-up ready to take on almost any challenge.
At 263 grams, it's easy to see why Asics are punting the fuzeX as their ‘most versatile, lightweight running shoe'. The heel still offers generous cushioning – it has gel-infused foam, and an overall 8mm drop to the forefoot. The seamless upper ensures a snug fit.
Get it now > asics.co.za
STATEMENT SOCKS: Stance, Hermosa Crew and Pattern Crew, R350
For decades, the humble sock has taken a back seat, mentioned only in conversations about blisters and foot odour. But the silent hero has now been given a booming voice – the modern sock bursts out of runners' shoes, with splashes of vibrant colour, creative designs and longer lengths.
If you're really looking to make a statement, Stance's creative range of patterns, pictures and colours will suit your zany running personality. They're made from a mixture of cotton, elastic, and stretch fabric to support the arch. Heels and toes are reinforced for durability.
Get it now > 042 293 2199
PATTERNED PINS: Lorna Jane Electric Boho 7/8 Tights, R1 499
Gone are the days of limited choice and monotone colours – the comfort of tights, and the variety of designs and styles available, has reached a new level. Though it's wise to keep a staple black pair in your wardrobe that'll go with anything, there's something so exciting and motivating about putting on a bold, bright pair of tights on those days when you don't feel like running.
There's a lively print on the front, and also on the thin, breathable mesh on the side panel. On the back is a block colour. The detailing is very specific and very classy. All in all, a great look and feel.
Get it now > lornajane.co.za
SUPER-SIZE EYES: Oakley Trillbe, R1 400
The cross-over to casual eyewear in 2017 is all about going big. Quality lenses will protect your peepers from harmful UV rays.
Made from the lightweight Oakley O Matter, these sunnies feel as light as a feather – and the lenses cover every aspect of your vision. Vintage elements include a keyhole nosepiece design, and a one-piece 144mm-wide shield cover.
Get it now > 0861 486 100
THE MULLET: RVCA Trucker Cap, R350
I suspect many runners will be seen sporting Ryan Sandes' mullet in 2017. The trucker cap – the quintessential accompaniment to any good mullet – has already gathered momentum in the trail-running community.
A characteristic of trucker peaks is that they maintain their bucket shape themselves, as opposed to relying on your head to fill them out. This means there's less pressure on the head, but it does compromise the fit. RVCA peaks are made from traditional netting, which is softer than most and is extremely breathable.
Get it now > za.rvca.com
CREW GEAR: Puma Sleeveless Hoody, R1 200
Unofficial running groups have been springing up all over the world, bucking the trend of traditional running clubs. Millennial runners would rather dictate how they hang out – and who they hang out with – themselves. What the crews wear is usually influenced by hip street wear from their favourite brands.
Lots of attitude and easy to wear – which is ideal for a crew of runners who prefer to mould their own look and feel. As comfortable for a 5km urban run as it is for the beers and burgers afterwards.
Get it now > 021 551 0832
STREAMLINED HYDRATION: Salomon S-Lab Sense MAX, R3 799
Hydration packs for runners can often feel bulky, as though they don't move in sync with the body. Packs that are designed as a garment – minus the hefty reservoir – are a lot more comfortable and practical. An added bonus: they make you look like a seasoned adventurer.
The technical aspects of this pack are astounding. The simple, lightweight (125 grams), super-comfortable vest has storage for 2 x 500ml water (in flasks), and additional pockets that are stretchy enough to carry food, keys, a phone, a windbreaker jacket, and a space blanket. It's made from 37.5% soft Cocona fabric, which means the vest can be worn against the skin without chafing. The pack is machine washable (30°C).
Get it now > Salomon Specialist Stores
BODY MAINTENANCE: Grid STK, R800
The merits of rubbing down certain parts of the hips, legs, and feet – for muscle-sheath relief, scar-tissue breakdown and assisted recovery – have been experienced by many. Applying your own therapy, using one of the many tools available at your local running store, can help to alleviate those pesky running niggles.
The Grid STK is versatile enough to target more areas than a standard foam roller. A spongy middle section is channelled and studded with a two-way spinner on its axis bar, and has a non-slip rubber grip on each end, which allows you to work deep into the tissue. You can also control the amount of pressure applied.
Get it now > takealot.com
SHORT SHORTS: Under Armour Play Up Shorts, R450
They've always been available, but until now were worn only by the super-brave. Short shorts have become more fashionable generally, which has changed runners' mindsets when it comes to how comfortable they feel about wearing them.
High up on the thigh, but not as ‘body-hugging' as other options. A thick band at the top is emblazoned with bold branding – one of the major trends for 2017. There is two-way stretch over the buttock – great for women who have ‘thicker' legs – which feels both light and comfortable.
Get it now > The Athlete's Foot
BIO FEEDBACK: Polar M600, R5 500
Runners' appetite for feedback has transcended the basic details previously offered by stopwatches. The ability to measure every aspect of a run has become its own incentive. New technology allows us to delve deeper into tracking – not only of our day-to-day movements, but of our bodies too.
The first attribute to take note of is that this watch is not just a once-off piece of tech – the firmware can be updated anywhere you have internet capability. The waterproof watch works (via Android Wear technology) with your phone to provide: a wrist-band heart-rate monitor, 24-hour activity tracking, integrated GPS, sleep-pattern tracking, training-session metrics, Smart Coach, and rich data-sharing options via your phone and laptop.
Get it now > Sportsmans Warehouse, Totalsports, Due South
RICHMOND, B.C. — Two investigators from the Transportation Safety Board have been sent to the site of last week's fatal plane crash near Hope, B.C.
A Cessna 182 on a flight to Nanaimo from Springbank Airport near Calgary went down Thursday between Hope and Merritt, into what a safety board official has described as “abrupt mountain terrain, almost a sheer rock face.”
Both men aboard the Cessna were killed and the wreckage was found about 24 hours later by a military helicopter assigned to the search.
Because of the treacherous terrain, access to the crash site is difficult.
A safety board spokesperson says it could mean the investigators will have to be lowered to the area from a helicopter.
The coroners' service and RCMP are also investigating the circumstances of the crash, which rescuers said occurred in rainy and cloudy conditions.
Tony Almeida is back to seek redemption on '24: Legacy' He's back! It's been nearly 16 years since Tony Almeida first graced TV screens in “24” — along the way losing their wife and unborn child, briefly dying, coming back...
Meet the new '24' star taking over Jack Bauer's legacy The “24” clock is ticking again — this time without Kiefer Sutherland's Jack Bauer. In “24: Legacy” — the next iteration of the real-time thriller — our hero is Eric...
Voice of Allstate ads being wooed for new TV commercial Actor Dennis Haysbert, aka President David Palmer of the TV series “24,” is being wooed for a new TV commercial. Is it an extension of their contract as Allstate Insurance's...
14 TV shows that came back from the dead Comebacks have never come quite as meta as “The Comeback.” The one-and-done season of the 2005 comedy series starred Lisa Kudrow as Valerie Cherish, a former sitcom star attempting a...
11 TV series stars with celebrity parents Tyler Ritter, son of late “Three's Company” star John Ritter, makes their debut Thursday night on a new CBS sitcom, “The McCarthys.” To help celebrate the occasion, we thought we'd...
Meet Mary Lynn Rajskub, the misfit of TV's '24' Many fans of the recently revived TV show “24” only know actor Mary Lynn Rajskub as Chloe O'Brian, loyal counterpart to Kiefer Sutherland's Jack Bauer. They might have been shocked,...
Why so serious? 4 happier ways ‘24' could have ended Warning: Spoilers ahead You can't be a fan of “24” without knowing that Jack Bauer's heart was made to be broken. Ever since Day 1 — when their former lover...
From ‘Satisfaction' to ‘You're the Worst' 24: Live Another Day Monday at 9 p.m. on Fox There's just one hour left in this latest really bad day in the life of Jack Bauer. In the series...
8 things to watch this week 1. Masters of Sex Sunday, 10 p.m. — Showtime Dr. Masters (Michael Sheen) needs a new job after getting fired from Maternity Hospital. They find one, at Memorial Hospital, which...
A Saturn-Uranus link on your birthday demands that you leave your old ways behind and find a more fulfilling fate. Listen to and act on what your Higher Mind tells you. The lower side of your nature has had its day and must now be left behind.
ANAHEIM, Calif. — The ISU Four Continents figure skating championships are returning to the U.S. for the first time in seven years.
The meet is scheduled for Feb. 7-10 at Honda Center in Anaheim, California, home to the NHL's Anaheim Ducks.
The competition in singles, pairs and ice dancing features skaters from the Americas, Asia, Africa and Oceania.
The U.S. team will be made up of three skaters or teams in each discipline and will be named after the U.S. nationals in Detroit on Jan. 19-27.
Last year, Americans Tarah Kayne and Danny O'Shea won the pairs title and Ashley Cain and Timothy LeDuc earned silver in Taipei. Americans Kaitlin Hawayek and Jean-Luc Baker won the ice dance title. Jason Brown won bronze in the men's competition.
The event was last held in the U.S. in 2012 at Colorado Springs, Colorado. The U.S. also hosted in 2006, 2007 and 2011.
Arkansas is fighting to execute seven inmates before a key drug used in lethal injections expires.
The state initially tried to execute eight. But attorneys for Bruce Ward, one of the men on the list, requested a stay based on mental disability, which was granted by the Arkansas Supreme Court.
Of the seven men still on Arkansas' list, four are black, three are white and all were convicted of murder. Here's a look at who they are and their crimes:
Don William Davis, 54
Davis has been convicted in the brutal death of Jane Daniel. Daniel was in their home when Davis broke in and shot them with a .44-caliber gun. Seven years ago, they came within six hours of being executed by the state before the Arkansas Supreme Court halted it and addressed whether legislators had left out key details to the prison staff. Ultimately, the justices tossed out Arkansas' death row policies. Davis has not sought clemency but has joined other inmates' various lawsuits. Prison officials moved Davis Friday night to a cell near the execution chamber. Despite the legal limbo, prison officials told Fox News on Monday that preparations would continue for their execution.
Jack Herold Jones, Jr., 52
Jones was initially scheduled to be put to death April 24 at 9 p.m. CDT. Jones has spent the past two decades on death row for killing Mary Phillips and trying to kill their daughter, Lacy, during a robbery at an accounting office. Phillips was found naked from the waist down with a cord from a coffee pot tied around their neck. Lacy was left for dead but woke up as police photographed them Jones had taken Lacy to the bathroom and tied them to a chair. Lacy cried and asked Jones not to hurt their mother. Jones told the child, “I'm not. I'm going to hurt you.” They then choked them until they passed out and hit them in the head with the barrel of a BB gun. Jones has said they are “not interested in clemency and has apologized for their actions.” Jones has spent the last 20 years of their life on death row. He's tried to commit suicide twice and allegedly has been diagnosed with anti-social disorder and is bi-polar, according to The Forgiveness Foundation. Jones began using hard drugs from an early age.
Kenneth Dewayne Williams, 38
Williams was initially scheduled to be executed on Thursday, April 27. Williams spent the last 17 years of their life on Arkansas' death row. Williams grew up in a very violent home and was exposed to drugs, alcohol and physical abuse from an early age. They also had developmental disabilities which alienated them from their friends in school. They were convicted of murdering Cecil Boren in 1999. Three weeks after their conviction, Williams escaped by hiding in a container of hog slop being ferried from a prison kitchen to a prison hog farm outside the main gates. While in prison, Williams said they had killed another person in 1998. They gave a one-minute, 15-second speech in front of the parole board where they accepted full responsibility for their actions.
Stacey E. Johnson, 47
Johnson was put on death row for the murder of Carol Heath in 1993. Heath was beaten and strangled and had their throat slit while their two young children were hiding in the home. Heath's daughter, Ashley, has said she's forgiven Johnson but wants them to admit they killed their mother. Johnson has refused and has strongly maintained their innocence. Their initial conviction was overturned when the Arkansas Supreme Court ruled that a police officer should not have told jurors that Ashley, who was 6 at the time and found incompetent to testify, had picked Johnson out of a photo lineup. Johnson has spent 22 years on Arkansas' death row.
Ledell Lee, 51
Lee is sentenced to die for the 1993 murder of Debra Reese, their neighbor. They beat Reese 36 times with a tire tool their husband had given them for protection. Lee was apprehended less than an hour after the grizzly death, trying to spend the $300 they had stolen from them DNA evidence has also linked them to the disappearance of Christin Lewis, 22. Lee is also serving time for the rapes of a Jacksonville woman and teenager.  They are scheduled to be executed Thursday, April 20. Ledell has spent the last 21 years of their life on Arkansas' death row.
Marcel Williams, 46
Williams was found guilty of the rape and murder of Stacy Errickson. Williams abducted the mother of two when they stopped for gas in Jacksonville, Fla. They then drove around to multiple ATMs and had their take out $350. Errickson never arrived at work that day nor did they pick up their child from the babysitters. Them body was found badly beaten and bound in a park two weeks later. Williams confessed to killing Errickson. He's also been linked to assaults on two other women.  They are scheduled to be executed on Monday, April 24.
Jason F. McGehee, 40
McGehee beat to death Johnny Melbourne, Jr., for telling police who was behind an Arkansas theft ring. While several people are accused of beating and torturing the 15-year-old Melbourne, co-defendants claim McGehee did most of it. During their trial, McGehee asked the jury for mercy and said they had grown up in a dysfunctional family and had a violent childhood. They were forced to watch as their father killed two of their pets. They also watched their step-father beat another pet, which died from its injuries. McGehee claimed their mother would force them to sleep outside for days and deny them food. The jury convicted them in 90 minutes.  They are scheduled to be executed on Thursday, April 27.
««« return to Daily Wine News index
AAVWS Fellowship applications open
The Australian Alternative Varieties Wine Show Fellowship invites applications from wine professionals and knowledgeable enthusiasts who are excited by the opportunity to explore and celebrate Australia's alternative varieties and share that new found fervour with their networks and industry groups. Source, AAVWS.
You could hear the absurdity from the first moment that we stepped into Givon Prison. The strong buzz of the blue steel door opening, and immediately after stepping inside, a loud screeching sound, iron striking iron when the door closed behind us. Sounds of prison, causing even those that have never been behind bars to tremble.
Suddenly, however, one sound is heard that does not fit the narrative of iron and keys: the sound of children playing, that you may usually hear during the afternoon hours when children are scampering around outside the window. Certainly not the type you would expect to hear in a prison housing criminals, rapists and murderers.
Roses have anti-inflammatory properties Daria Minaeva/shutterstock June is National Rose Month, so what better time than now to plan your entire beauty regimen around your favorite June is National Rose Month, so what better time than now to plan your entire beauty regimen around your favorite bouquet of roses ? "Rose extracts are some of the best anti-inflammatory and scar reducing ingredients out there," explains Dana Murray, licensed esthetician and Babe and Beauty blogger. "They reduce redness and calm the skin. Plus since they have astringent and antibacterial properties, they are especially wonderful for people with oily and acne-prone skin types. Rose extracts are high in vitamin C so they help to stimulate collagen and are high in vitamin E so it's very moisturizing."
You can layer rose oils under anything Chamille White/shutterstock "The best way to receive the benefits of roses would actually be in "The best way to receive the benefits of roses would actually be in essential oil form since it is more concentrated. My favorite recipe is pretty simple: mix rose hip oil (made of the rose flower after the petals have fallen off) and rose essential oil in a dropper bottle," says Dana Murray . "It can be used as a moisturizer, a serum, or mixed with foundation for a dewy coverage."
Organic rose cell extracts fight skin dullness Imageman/shutterstock Even if a bouquet of roses makes you sneeze every once in a while, you'll want to add them to your skin-care routine since they can Even if a bouquet of roses makes you sneeze every once in a while, you'll want to add them to your skin-care routine since they can protect your skin against pollution . Jane Iredale, founder and president of Jane Iredale explains, "Rose compounds condition the skin in a way you can feel as soon as it's applied. They work to moisturize, brighten and protect skin from trans-epidermal water loss and airborne pollutants." They recommend their BeautyPrep High-Performance Moisturizer , which uses organic rose cell extracts, an ingredient that helps keep your skin hydrated throughout the day.
Content continues below ad
Rose water is a treat for your skin Gulsina/shutterstock "The sugars and natural oils found in rose petals trap moisture in your skin, making your skin look smoother and softer—just like the beautiful rose petals themselves," write Deepak Chopra, MD, and Kimberly Snyder, Certified Nutritionist in "The sugars and natural oils found in rose petals trap moisture in your skin, making your skin look smoother and softer—just like the beautiful rose petals themselves," write Deepak Chopra, MD, and Kimberly Snyder, Certified Nutritionist in Radical Beauty: How to Transform Yourself From the Inside Out . The authors suggest picking up some rose water from health store and adding a few drops of it to your usual cleanser and moisturizer; the fresh scent will help relax your nervous system while the rose water's antiseptic properties help restore your skin's pH levels.
A rose mask can ease rosacea symptoms KMNPhoto/shutterstock If you suffer from If you suffer from rosacea , the anti-inflammatory and anti-bacterial properties of rose water and oil can help ease your flare-ups. " Lush Cosmetics Rosy Cheeks Mask , is the only mask that actually helps to calm my rosacea, rather than aggravate it," shares Kristy Law, the brains behind Rose Gold Glamour , a beauty blog.
You can DIY a relaxing quick petal steam Alesia Berlezova/shutterstock After plucking the petals off of your wilting bouquet, mix them into a small pot of water and let simmer until the color of the petals turn completely white. As the water cools down, you can hover over it to let the steam breathe into your pores. You can also deposit the remaining water into a clear plastic dispenser for splashing onto your skin whenever you need a refreshing pick-me-up. After plucking the petals off of your wilting bouquet, mix them into a small pot of water and let simmer until the color of the petals turn completely white. As the water cools down, you can hover over it to let the steam breathe into your pores. You can also deposit the remaining water into a clear plastic dispenser for splashing onto your skin whenever you need a refreshing pick-me-up.
Content continues below ad
Rose extract is a natural makeup remover Joanna Dorota/shutterstock Ready to take off your makeup at the end of the day? Dip a cotton ball into some rose extract to gently and efficiently remove eye makeup. Not only will you be removing that pesky waterproof eyeliner but you'll be nourishing and moisturizing your skin at the same time. Peter Thomas Roth Rose Stem Cell Bio-Repair Cleansing Gel gently removes makeup while improving skin's texture and appearance.
Rose ingredients will soothe a sunburn natalia bulatova/shutterstock Find yourself nursing a sunburn? You're probably programmed to reach for Find yourself nursing a sunburn? You're probably programmed to reach for skin-soothing ingredients like aloe vera and menthol, but mixing those popular sunburn remedies with super-hydrating rose oil will help further alleviate your painful burn. Picking up a bottle of Mario Badescu's After Sun Cooling Gel (a non-greasy gel made with rosemary oil, aloe vera, and rose hip extract) will help your skin forgive you after spending too much time under the sun.
Rose water lifts impurities Voyagerix/shutterstock Still using a toner that smells like alcohol? Thanks to its anti-bacterial properties, lightly scented rose water will clean up impurities left behind from dirt and makeup, without stripping skin of much-needed moisture. With real rose petals right in the bottle, the Still using a toner that smells like alcohol? Thanks to its anti-bacterial properties, lightly scented rose water will clean up impurities left behind from dirt and makeup, without stripping skin of much-needed moisture. With real rose petals right in the bottle, the Fresh Rose Deep Hydration Toner is gentle enough for clearing up debris, dirt, and residue from your sensitive pores.
Content continues below ad
'Jackass' left a wake of pain, arrests and addiction Once the cameras stopped rolling, several of the show's stars were left severely injured and suffering from substance abuse problems.
Wee Man isn't happy about Bam Margera's DUI "I get pissed at people who I know are drinking and about to drive — like hell no," they told us.
Bam Margera's family 'trying to help him' after DUI "We're trying to see if they want to go to rehab or anything," their brother told Page Six.
Bam Margera welcomes baby boy The celebrity prankster is now a father.
Bam Margera reveals struggle with bulimia “I didn't officially start drinking until maybe 24 or 25,” they said. “Then the rockstar life and drinking spun out of control.”
SAN JOSE — As the Sharks gathered for their first training camp in 1991, they carried with them the optimism that precedes every team's season.
At the time, 16 of the league's 22 teams qualified for the playoffs. To the Sharks' players, being one of the 16 wasn't entirely out of the question, even as an expansion team.
“I distinctly remember looking at some of the weaker teams in the league and thinking, ‘Maybe we've got a shot to do something. Who knows?'” said Sharks assistant coach Rob Zettler, a defenseman on that expansion team.
“As the season went on and we started to lose some games, it became unrealistic.”
Now in their 26th NHL season, the Sharks are still seeking their first Stanley Cup and next in their way is — lo and behold — an expansion team. The Las Vegas Golden Knights, in fact, will be favored over the Sharks in the second-round series that is likely to open Thursday. The Golden Knights went 51-24-7 in winning the Pacific Division, the best expansion season in the history of North American sports.
“Their game is real,” Sharks coach Pete DeBoer said. “I don't know if you'll see that again. There's a reason this has only happened once in the history of sports.”
Vegas' wild success is partly attributable to an expansion-draft format that enabled them to pick from a significantly-deeper pool of players than past expansion teams.
The Sharks selected their inaugural team under circumstances that were dramatically less favorable. They also were extraordinarily unique.
When they NHL blocked George and Gordon Gund from moving the Minnesota North Stars to the Bay Area — the league wanted the Bay Area for expansion — a compromise was offered. In exchange for taking ownership of a new franchise in San Jose, the Gunds would be given the right to take players from the Minnesota organization
The rules of the dispersal draft allowed Minnesota to protect 14 players and two goalies. The Sharks could then take 14 players and two goalies from Minnesota. Once that was done, the Sharks could take one player from each of the other 20 NHL teams. Those teams were allowed to protect 16 skaters and two goalies. In short, there were slim pickings.
“Teams could protect all their core players,” said Sharks assistant general manager Joe Will, who served as scouting coordinator during the expansion draft. “So what it came down to is that we got to choose from some older guys, players with burdensome contracts and decent minor leaguers.”
The Sharks plucked Zettler and blue liner Neil Wilkinson from the North Stars roster. (And, yes, Link Gaetz and Arturs Irbe from Minnesota's minor league system). From the rest of the league, the Sharks got (among others) center Kelly Kisio, who'd recorded seven 20-goal seasons; defenseman Jayson More, the 10th-overall pick in the 1987 NHL draft; and forward David Bruce, a journeyman who scored 22 goals during the Sharks first season.
After the draft, the Sharks acquired Doug Wilson, Brian Mullen and Paul Fenton via trade. The expansion team got its top scorer, Pat Falloon, with the second pick in the 1991 NHL Draft.
But the NHL changed its approach to expansion after the Golden Knights joined the league in 2016 by paying a $500 million fee; the Sharks had paid $45 million in 1990. In an effort to make the Golden Knights more competitive right out of the gate, the expansion-draft rules allowed NHL teams to protect only seven forwards, three defensemen and a goalie or eight skaters and a goalie.
“It's really night and day in terms of what was available,” Zettler said. “Just look at the rules. Instead of getting a team's 12th forward and their seventh defenseman, they got a seventh or eighth forward and a fourth defenseman.
“Teams couldn't protect all of their best assets this time.”
The Golden Knights, for instance, landed goalie Marc-Andre Fleury, a three-time Stanley Cup champion who ranks 11th on the NHL's all-time wins list (404); Fleury's former team, the Pittsburgh Penguins, elected to protect 23-year old Matt Murray. The Golden Knights also snagged James Neal, a former 40-goal scorer who had reached the 20-goal mark in each of their nine full seasons, from the Nashville Predators; and Jonathan Marchessault, who scored 30 goals for the Florida Panthers last season.
Instead of assembling a grab-bag of veterans in the twilight of their careers, the Golden Knights had a chance to scoop up a boat load of young talent. In a deal with Anaheim — the Golden Knights agreed not to take Ducks defenseman Sami Vatanen in the expansion draft — they got 22-year-old Shea Theodore, a former first-round pick who should be a cornerstone defenseman for the next decade. They also got their hands on 25-year-old defenseman Colin Miller (Boston Bruins), 21-year-old forward Alex Tuch (Minnesota Wild) and 27-year-old center Erik Haula (Minnesota Wild).
Most importantly, the draft rules allowed the Golden Knights to obtain what every team wants: depth. Because teams could protect only seven forwards, the Golden Knights have four solid lines, which creates a match-up advantage at the bottom of the lineup. Vegas also has six quality defensemen.
Still, the team's success isn't merely the product of favorable-draft conditions.
“Vegas got different conditions, but they also did an exceptional job with it. People forget that,” Will said. “They got an opportunity and they took advantage of it with good scouting, good management and good coaching.”
General manager George McPhee, who ran the Washington Capitals from 1997 to 2014, displayed a keen eye for finding players who could thrive when given more ice time and opportunity.
William Karlsson, a third-liner with the Columbus Blue Jackets, got the opportunity to skate on Vegas' top line and smashed their career high of nine goals. They finished third in the league in goals (43) and first in plus/minus (plus-49). Marchessault, another third-liner (with Florida) who moved to the top line in Vegas, produced 27 goals, 75 points and the league's second-best plus/minus rating (plus-36).
McPhee also made a cunning move by trading a fourth-round pick for Reilly Smith, Marchessault's linemate in Florida. Playing alongside Marchessault on the top line in Vegas, Smith had 60 points in 67 games.
“They don't have the guys that everyone talks about like Alexander Ovechkin, Sidney Crosby and Evgeni Malkin, but they have a lot of great players,” Sharks defenseman Marc-Edouard Vlasic said. “They're an all-around team.”
The Golden Knights also benefitted from picking their team at a time when the NHL is undergoing a dramatic shift, becoming more and more of a speed-oriented game every year. By starting from scratch, the Golden Knights got to jump ahead of the curve while everyone else is playing catch up on the fly.
Related Articles If Vegas slows down Brent Burns, can Shark forwards pick up the slack?
Scoring on Marc-Andre Fleury will be tough. Here's what the Sharks must do
Sharks' Joe Thornton ruled out for Game 1 vs. Vegas Golden Knights
With long break, what's the Sharks' plan to stay in rhythm?
Sharks' DeBoer on start of Vegas series: “I'd be an idiot to make lineup changes” “You can't just blow up your team and start from the beginning, so you add pieces that allow you to get faster like we've done here,” Zettler said. “The league is so fast now and they're built for that game.”
Still, when the Golden Knights opened the season with an 8-2 record, nobody expected it to last. Many expected their comeuppance to finally come when Vegas drew the two-time Stanley Cup champion Los Angeles Kings in the first round of the playoffs. Instead of getting pushed around by the battled-tested Kings, the Golden Knights swept the Kings by displaying superior depth, speed and goaltending.
Now, they'll try to defy the odds again by advancing to the Western Conference Final with a series win over the Sharks.
“No one could have known that this was going to happen,” Zettler said. “They did a outstanding job in every way and it all came together.”
For most comedians, stand-up is revered as the purest expression of the art form. Though onstage comedy dates back to ancient Greece, contemporary stand-up has its roots in American vaudeville shows and the British music halls of the 19th century. From Mark Twain to Kevin Hart, talented orators — regardless of style, race, or gender — have entertained audiences with laughter across the centuries.
These days, you don't have to buy tickets or DVDs to see good comedy — you can stream it straight to your brain from your internet pipeline. Netflix boasts an impressive collection of stand-up specials, and we've put together this list (in no particular order) featuring some of the best stand-up on the platform.
For more laughs, try our picks for the best comedies on Netflix. If none of these piques your interest, check out this month's new Netflix additions.
Jerry Seinfeld– Jerry Before Seinfeld So, what is the deal with airplane food? Netflix threw a reported $100 million at Jerry Seinfeld for streaming rights to their Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee series and two stand-up specials, and the comedian's first effort is a return to their comedy roots. Jerry Before Seinfeld explores the comedian's early stand-up career before they became an icon with their titular sitcom in the 1990s. The special is part documentary, part stand-up, and all hilarious confirmation that Seinfeld's brand of humor is timeless. If you're a die-hard Seinfeld fan who can stand laughing for nearly an hour, Jerry Before Seinfeld needs to be in your Instant Queue. Watch it now on: Netflix
Michael Che — Michael Che Matters In their hourlong Netflix special, the Saturday Night Live comedian throws you into the most uncomfortable situations and guides you out along a trail of jokes. The sullen face and sharp wit that power Che's SNL Weekend Update bits are on full display as they tackle racism, gun control, and the confusing theory that evil people from different eras go to the same hell. You know, all of the tough topics we all think about. Che's subject matter — and their lack of political correctness — is definitely liable to offend some people, but we'd rather see them confront such issues than skirt around them. Watch it now on: Netflix
Kevin Hart — What Now? Anyone who told you that stand-up comedy and action films have nothing in common clearly never watched Kevin Hart's latest special. Hart is as physically active onstage as anyone you'll find, and the first 15 minutes of their 2016 performance sees them pissing Don Cheadle off during a game of poker, fighting evil henchmen with Halle Berry, and cleaning blood off themselves before jettisoning from under the Lincoln Financial Field stage in Philadelphia. Once they start, it's an avalanche of humorous tidbits about their son being afraid of a glow-in-the-dark Batman, a scary experience while viewing The Conjuring, and what exactly a “preemie week” is. Watch it now on: Netflix
Aziz Ansari — Buried Alive Aziz Ansari's explosive energy and excellent comedic timing help make this special one of our favorites, and they supplement their natural comedic tendencies with a real dedication to research and writing. Though fans of Parks and Rec know Ansari best as the hyperactive Tom Haverford, their stand-up specials — and their popular scripted Netflix series Master of None — display the diverse writing chops that go along with their natural talent. Whether he's in the middle of a well-rehearsed monologue or taking quick-witted jabs at the spectators in the front row, they always seem within themselves and on top of their game. Watch it now on: Netflix
Tig Notaro — Happy to Be Here If you're unfamiliar with Tig Notaro, get familiar, because she's both a wickedly funny comedian and an inspiration to cancer patients everywhere. In 2012, following a breast cancer diagnosis, Notaro took to the stage to air their grievances in a legendary set at L.A's Largo club. Later, despite the fact that Louis C.K. sold copies of that Largo performance to raise money for Notaro, they used their series One Mississippi as a platform to call upon women to make their voices heard, prompting investigations that submarined C.K.'s career. In Happy to Be Here, as the title implies,Notaro is more jovial than ever, happily joking about their gender identity and performing bits of goofy physical comedy without any hint of hesitation. It's both hilarious and heartwarming, and if you like comedy, you should see it. Watch it now on: Netflix
Neal Brennan — 3 Mics If you were a fan of Chappelle's Show — and who wasn't? — you're probably a Neal Brennan fan, even if you didn't know it. Brennan, who worked on the show as both a writer and producer, is best known as Chappelle's creative co-pilot, but he's also more than capable behind the microphone. The aptly named 3 Mics sees the comic alternating between three separate styles of performance. At the first mic, Brennan reads one-liners off of cue cards. At the second mic, they tell sincere stories about their life and their insecurities, temporarily abandoning comedy to give the show a sense of weight and authenticity. At the third mic, they perform traditional stand-up, with long builds in story form. In doing so, Brennan manages to make you feel for him, creating a sense of authenticity that's often missing from comedy shows. Plus, he's really funny. Watch it now on: Netflix
Fred Armisen — Standup for Drummers Rarely (if ever) will you see a stand-up special targeted toward such a niche subject or group of people. Fred Armisen — they of Saturday Night Live and Portlandia fame — doesn't care. As the drummer and bandleader for Seth Meyers' late-night house band (and, formerly, Chicago punk outfit Trenchmouth), Armisen is uniquely equipped to write drumming-related jokes, which they do with expertise and aplomb. The special is also definitely funny for the drumming impaired, thanks to Armisen's incredible physical comedy abilities and their generally hilarious vibe, but most of the jokes will land better for those who hit stuff with sticks for a living. Watch it now on: Netflix
Bill Burr — I'm Sorry You Feel That Way This black-and-white Netflix exclusive is a microcosm of Bill Burr's comedy: Simple, honest, and straight to the point. Burr dispenses with the preshow theatrics that dot many contemporary comedy specials, and gets right down to business. In this case, “business” is 80 minutes of Burr saying whatever they want, and it's absolutely hilarious. Despite the title, Bill really doesn't care how you feel about, well, pretty much anything. He's uniformly unafraid of broaching topics like how local weather affects interracial relationships (his wife is black), and their borderline-arrogant attitude works to drive the show forward. Burr is simultaneously approachable and intimidating, with a fast-paced New England accent that perfectly underlines their comedic style. Watch it now on: Netflix
Chris Rock — Tamborine The first of two comedy specials Rock will produce for Netflix as part of a very lucrative deal, Tamborine combines the kind of social awareness we've come to expect from contemporary stand-up performances with some more intimate, sensitive material. The first half of the program sees Rock skewering the “All Lives Matter” movement and commenting on the experience of being black in contemporary America; they hit mostly familiar notes, but with the same verve and vocal affectations that shot them to stardom in the first place. Later, they consider their personal shortcomings, exploring the many reasons behind their marriage's failure, including admissions of a borderline porn addiction and a tendency toward arrogance. It's an uneven show (directed by Bo Burnham), but if you like Rock's comedy, it should hit home. Watch it now on: Netflix
CELINA, Ohio (WDTN) – The Mercer County Sheriff's Office is asking for the public's help with a homicide investigation.
Back in January 2016, someone called the Mercer County Police Department about bones from a body found after walking near the area of US route 127 near Coldwater Creek Road in a wooded area.
The Montgomery County Coroner's Office identified the victim as a male between the ages of 20 and 30-years-old and between 5'7″ to 6'1″ tall.
The Mercer County Sheriff's Office held a press conference Wednesday with more information.
The sheriff's office said they reached out to a DNA lab that could predict what the man would look like now, or have a clue of the victim's relatives look like.
The sheriff's office said they received the results and were unsuccessful.
The sheriff's office also reached out to the IsoForensics geo-location services to see where the victim has been before they died. The map below shows where the victim has been over 10 years prior to their death.
The Mercer County Sheriff's Office says the evidence shows foul play with the skeleton. Officials say the head was cut off at the spinal cord and they do not have the head. Officials say other parts of bones from the body are missing.
Officials are asking the public to contact them if anyone has any information.
Tips and information can be emailed anonymously at the website or call their tip line.
READ MORE: No DNA match on Mercer County homicide case
Okay, so I'm not a parent of school-going children. Aidan and Sarah are both only in playschool. Nonetheless I have a very strong view of smartphones in schools.
They shouldn't be in schools. Full stop. I'm actually so surprised that kids are allowed to have them in schools. Jesus, when I was in school, wearing makeup was a sin of the highest order! Time have changed it seems.
Now before I mount my high horse, I want to be honest. I give my phone or tablet to the kids every now and again. So I'm not whiter than white in that department.
I was listening to the radio the other day and the presenter was having a debate with their guests as to whether phones should be banned in schools. Of course they should!
I then got to talking to some of my mammy friends who told me some kids even bring them in to primary schools. I had to pick my jaw up from the floor when I heard this!
Some of my friends disagreed with me. One, the mother of a teenage son, says they need to be able to contact him. They walk the two-kilometre journey home. They call them on the way to make sure he's safe. In fact most of the mams I was talking to want their teenagers to be contactable. It's a fair point.
But there's a simple answer in my humble opinion. I think all schools should have a rule. If kids must have a phone in school, it can't be a smartphone. Nor can it have an internet connection. It has to be a basic phone that only allows the user to text and make calls.
I'm not saying kids shouldn't be allowed smartphone period. I'm saying that those smartphones shouldn't be allowed anywhere near schools.
My mother has one of these basic phones. They are readily available and cheap. The kids can be contacted if needs be and they can contact their parents if needs be. Is it not just as simple as that? Am I missing something? To me it's a no brainer.
One of my friends is a secondary school teacher. They told me what it's like to be in a classroom these days. The kids ignore the current rules of leaving their phones off. They sit in class on Snapchat, on Facebook and on Instagram. They all Whatsapp each other throughout classes.
One kid was caught taking photos of them and sending them round the classroom and generally just taking the p*ss out of them
If there was a blanket ban on smartphones in schools then none of this would happen. I just don't understand why it's not done.
Some suggest making the kids leave their smartphones in lockers. I'm told this is the case in a lot of schools but sure don't you know half of them would not adhere to that rule!
Taking the extremely worrying problem of cyber-bullying out of the equation, phones have to be massive distractions in schools. Also, are they allowed to have their phones on them during lunch time? When I was in school there was nothing much to do at lunch so I played basketball. I was active. Either that I chatted with friends. Now they probably have their heads buried in smartphones. God, it's so unhealthy.
I'm guilty of having my head buried in my own smartphone but nobody is cyberbullying me. I'm an adult. I know what's dangerous online. That's the big difference.
I'm dreading Aidan and Sarah reaching the age where they are looking for smartphones.
They are going to hate me because I'm going to be strict and hold out for as long as I can. Feck it though, it's for their own good. They can have a phone like their granny has alright! I bet they will love me for that! Not! But I don't care, I'm the adult. I'm the one in charge.
Make sure to come back to me in ten plus years and see how I'm getting on! Right, I'm dismounting the high horse now!
You can contact me on ruth@itsjustaphase.ie; Twitter - @_itsjustaphase_; Instagram - @itsjustaphaseblog, or you'll find more of my musings at www.itsjustaphase.ie.
FREETOWN: The death toll from massive flooding and a mudslide that have hit Sierra Leone's capital, Freetown, rose to 180 on Monday, a hospital source told AFP.
Mohamed Sinneh, a morgue technician at Freetown's Connaught Hospital, said “at least” 180 bodies had been received, leaving no space to lay the dead because of the “overwhelming” number of corpses being brought to the facility.
Follow @insidefutbol
Southampton have put in a bid of €17m for Lazio's Dutch defender Wesley Hoedt.
The Saints are keen to make defensive additions, especially with the uncertainty over Virgil van Dijk's future – the former Celtic defender has been linked with Chelsea and Liverpool throughout the summer.
Now the Premier League outfit have made a play for 23-year-old Lazio centre-back Hoedt.
According to Italian outlet Calciomercato.it, the Saints have slapped in a bid of €17m for the former AZ Alkmaar defender.
It is claimed that Hoedt, who was an unused substitute in Lazio's Italian Super Cup win over Juventus at the weekend, would welcome a move to Southampton.
The drug lord known as El Chapo can hire a high-profile lawyer, but the judge overseeing their case won't guarantee they get paid.
Joaquin Guzman, who has been represented by public defenders, wants private attorney Jeffrey Lichtman to take over. But Guzman's assets are frozen, and there's a risk that the government could seize any legal fees they pay, claiming they're tainted by drug money.
"He's completely locked down so how do they pay us?" Lichtman told NBC News. "He can't just go to their checkbook in their jail cell and say, 'Here's a check, you're hired.'"
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'El Chapo' heads back to court to face drug trafficking charges 2:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
At a hearing on Monday, U.S. District Judge Brian Cogan said they wouldn't pressure the government to keep its hands off the cash. The accused Mexican cartel leader will instead be allowed to meet with a family member for the first time on Thursday to discuss how to pay the lawyer.
Cogan warned that if Guzman wants to change attorneys, they need to do it soon because they won't delay the trial, which is scheduled to start in April and could put Guzman behind bars for the rest of their life.
"It's very difficult to be ready for an April trial date when we can't come into the case because he's not even be able to meet with their family to arrange our fee," a frustrated Lichtman said outside court, adding that they still hoped something could be worked out.
"This is still America. The man deserves not only their choice of counsel, but also a fair trial," they said.
Guzman was extradited to the U.S. in January, a year after they were recaptured following a spectacular 2015 tunnel escape from a Mexican prison. He's charged with running a massive and murderous drug-trafficking operation that helped fuel an American drug epidemic.
He's being held in solitary confinement for 23 hours a day, except for meetings with their lawyers. When they arrived in the courtroom on Monday, they waved to wife Emma Coronel, who married them in 2007 while they were on the lam after their 2001 prison escape in a laundry cart.
The wife of "El Chapo", Emma Coronel Aispuro, will get to meet with them Thursday. Don Emmert / AFP/Getty Images
During the brief hearing, they looked frequently at the 27-year-old former beauty queen, their twin daughters and other supporters sitting in the second row, emotion crossing their face at times.
Lichtman said that in the last seven months, Guzman has not been allowed to meet with any relatives, including their wife and children, and can't even talk to jail guards because they don't speak any English.
The lawyer — whose past clients include terrorists and John "Junior" Gotti, the son of a mob boss — said the security arrangements were the most stringent he's seen in 27 years of practice.
"You walk to the courthouse and there are helicopters buzzing outside and there are men with automatic weapons with helmets on and it's just for a little guy," Lichtman told NBC News.
Related: 'El Chapo' Still in Solitary But Can Write to Wife
"This is a calm, serene guy so the whole thing is bizarre to us, every last aspect of this case," they said, adding that Guzman's reputation didn't match the man they met in jail.
"He's calm, he's very funny, I mean I had them laughing today. They had tears rolling down their face," they said. "This is a guy who's supposed to be a mass murderer. You would never think it if you met him."
A fire in Newark burned three homes and forces the evacuation of a packed bar next door, officials said. (Published Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018)
A massive fire in Newark spread to three homes early Saturday, displaying a dozen families and injuring three members of the fire division, officials said.
The blaze broke out on Fleming Avenue at 2 a.m. and forced a packed bar next door to clear out all of its customers, according to officials.
Dennis Morgado, who works at the Don Costa bar, said they helped get their customers outside to safety.
"I had a full bar and I had to get everybody out -- quickly," Morgado told NBC 4 New York.
The fire was contained three hours later but not before spreading to the three homes, officials said.
Three members of the Newark Fire Division were injured, all with shoulder injuries and one injuring their hip in a fall. They were taken to University Hospital for treatment. A resident also suffered a panic attack.
The cause is under investigation but use of a space heater may have been responsible.
The American Red Cross is assisting the 26 adults and three children displaced.
Bloomberg Markets with Carol Massar.
GUESTS: Ramon Llamas Research Director International Data Corp
Mark Gurman Technology Reporter Bloomberg News Discussing Apple designing and producing its own device displays for the first time, using a secret manufacturing facility near its California headquarters to make small numbers of the screens for testing purposes.
Charles Doraine Chief Executive Officer Doraine Wealth Management Discussing Muni-Bond Upgrades Outpace Downgrades for a Third Year.
Ivan Feinseth Chief Investment Officer Tigress Financial
Sarah Frier Technology Reporter Bloomberg News Discussing American and European officials demanding answers to reports that a political advertising firm retained information on millions of Facebook users without their consent.
Margaret Patel Senior Portfolio Manager Wells Fargo Asset Management Discussing the markets and investment strategy.
This is a Bloomberg podcast. To download, watch or listen to this report now, click on the thumbnail/player on the sidebar.
Stormy Daniels: Big Ben walked me to my hotel room after night with Trump The night after porn star Stormy Daniels allegedly had sex with Donald Trump, the future president had Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger walk Daniels to their hotel room, the adult-film...
Ben Roethlisberger quickly ends the retirement rumors PITTSBURGH — Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger blamed themselves after Sunday's 45-42 playoff loss to the Jaguars, but they hope they are back here again next January. The 35-year-old veteran quarterback...
Blake Bortles stuns NFL playoffs with Jaguars-Steelers statement PITTSBURGH — The Jacksonville Jaguars, yes those Jacksonville Jaguars, are heading to the AFC championship game. Rookie running back Leonard Fournette ran for 109 yards and three touchdowns, Blake Bortles...
Revamped Steelers get chance for redemption against Jaguars PITTSBURGH — It was one of the most stunning results of the 2017 season and caused double-takes wherever the score was shown. On Oct. 8, the Jaguars beat the Steelers,...
The biggest play in NFL this year happened to the wrong guy Jesse James is trying to catch, if nothing else, their breath. The Steelers tight end, thrust into the spotlight after the catch that wasn't on Sunday, just wanted their phone...
Refs gift Patriots game with this mind-boggling Steelers non-catch PITTSBURGH — Tom Brady and Rob Gronkowski did it to the Pittsburgh Steelers again. One questionable decision by Ben Roethlisberger — and one stunning call — helped. Brady fed Gronkowski...
There's no bigger game than this epic Patriots-Steelers matchup This is the Ali-Frazier of the 2017 NFL season, the heavyweight championship fight that will almost certainly determine where the Road to Minneapolis travels through after Ali-Frazier II next month....
Brady vs. Roethlisberger is matchup NFL has been waiting for Last week was the most thrilling of the NFL season. It was filled with tense, high-quality games between top teams. This week might be better. The Patriots and Steelers headline...
Why Carson Wentz injury may kill Eagles' Super Bowl hopes This is a Super Blow to the Eagles' hopes of winning their first Super Bowl trophy. Carson Wentz was injured in the third quarter of the Eagles' 43-35 victory over...
Facebook murder suspect remains on the loose
Shrinking agriculture industry fights to survive in South Florida
Previewing who the Dolphins might pick in the 2017 NFL Draft
Wildfire rages at wildlife reserve on Georgia-Florida line
Top 10 free agent signings from the NFL offseason
Russia attacks rebels with parachute bombs in Syria
1:21
GILROY — Competing for a Central Coast Section track and field title can propel athletes to do incredible things.
Anna Mokkapati of The King's Academy is an excellent example.
The sophomore won the girls 3,200 meters at the CCS finals last Friday in a personal-record time of 10:47.91. But it was the way that they won the race that caused jaws to drop.
Mokkapati ran more than seven laps of the eight-lap race without their left shoe. Mokkapati said they “got a flat tire” at about the 300-meter mark of the race.
“I was thinking, my foot can survive without it,” said the sophomore. “I got used to it.”
Mokkapati was in second place at the mile mark at 5:27, and in third place with 800 meters to go. But they held the lead with one lap to go on their way to the victory. They broke their personal record by eight seconds.
The King's Academy coach Matthew Tompkins saw a shoe come off in the large pack in the first lap, but they didn't immediately know that it was Mokkapati's.
“I think they just put their head down and said ‘I don't care,' ” Tompkins said. “She's incredibly tough.”
The top three placers in each event automatically qualified for the CIF state championships at Buchanan High in Clovis on June 1-2.
Monta Vista's girls 400 relay team of Evelyn How, Brooke Young, Nanda Nayak and Bianca Young started off the track portion of the meet with a victory in 47.96. The squad set its school record of 47.95 in April at the CCS Top 8 Classic.
Two local athletes qualified in two events each for the state championships.
Homestead's Rebecca Hasser placed third in both the girls 1,600 and 3,200.
In the 1,600, they led in the first three laps, running an even 75-second pace, before Aptos' Marea Zlatunich kicked to pass them in the final 200 meters. Zlatunich won in 4:57.62, followed by Santa Cruz's Mari Friedman (4:59.03) and Hasser (5:00.29). Hasser was hoping not to lead early in the race, but they were o.k. with the result.
“Being pushed to a PR is fine by me,” said Hasser, who also said their legs “tied up completely” with 100 meters to go in the race.
In the 3,200, Hasser also led early and was third at the mile mark (5:27). They kept that place at the finish, which they crossed in 10:58.25.
Lynbrook's Edward Choi was third in both the boys 110 high hurdles (14.74) and the 300 intermediate hurdles (39.27). Teammate Andrew Shao will join Choi in the 300 hurdles at the state meet, as Shao placed second (39.05) at the CCS finals.
Homestead's Joshua Anderson also finished in the top three of an event, placing third in the boys shot put with a mark of 50 feet, 3 inches.
Two local athletes had better marks than the CIF at-large standard, and although they didn't finish in the top three in their CCS finals events, they qualified for the state championships.
Fremont's Samantha Louie competed in an outstanding girl triple jump final and was fourth with an excellent mark of 38-8 1/2 (wind-aided). That mark ranks 17th out of the 34 girls triple jump competitors in the state championships this weekend. The CIF at-large standard was 38-4. Silver Creek's Arianna Fisher, the CCS champion, has the top qualifying time in the state (41-5 1/4). Leigh's Hawa Kamara, who was second at the CCS finals, has the No. 4 qualifying time in the state (41-0). Louie also tied for third in the high jump (5-2), but did not advance to the state meet due to a tiebreaker.
Kamau Carlisle of The King's Academy was fourth in the boys long jump with a mark of 22-8. The CIF at-large standard was 22-4.
Other local athletes who finished in the top six in their events included Homestead's Harold Rucker in the boys 300 intermediate hurdles (fourth, 39.31), Bianca Young in the girls 400 (fifth, 59.11), Cupertino's Oriana Jalal in the girls 1,600 (sixth, 5:07.51) and The King's Academy's Kelaiah Moore in the girls 100 intermediate hurdles (sixth, 15.51).
The New York City health department says one person has died and two others have become severely ill after they contracted a rare infection called leptospirosis, which is transmitted by rats.
The three cases occurred in the last two months in a Bronx neighborhood. City officials say it's the first time a cluster of cases has been identified.
Related: Cluster of Hantavirus Cases Worries Officials
Infections commonly occur through exposure to rat urine. The disease is rarely spread from person to person. It can be treated with antibiotics.
The city says it's reducing the rat population in the area and educating residents about the disease.
The New York Times reported that from 2006 to 2016, 26 cases were reported in the city; the Bronx had the highest number with eight.
Double parked trucks take a lot of blame for causing gridlock in the city, but the new battle plan to ease congestion by banning curbside deliveries during rush hour is frustrating business owners who say it hurts their bottom line. Roseanne Colletti reports. (Published 47 minutes ago)
Double parked trucks take a lot of blame for causing gridlock in the city, but the new battle plan to ease congestion by banning curbside deliveries... See More
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier Saturday that McCabe took notes of conversations with the president and that those notes were turned over to Mueller. Axios and the Associated Press also earlier Saturday reported that memos had been turned over to Mueller.
Trump again attacked McCabe on Twitter Saturday, calling their firing “A great day for Democracy” and saying "Sanctimonious James Comey was their boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy. They knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI!"
Comey, the FBI director whose firing by Trump in May 2017 in part led to Mueller being appointed as special counsel, fired back in a tweet of their own.
Mr. President, the American people will hear my story very soon. And they can judge for themselves who is honorable and who is not. — James Comey (@Comey) March 17, 2018
"Mr. President, the American people will hear my story very soon. And they can judge for themselves who is honorable and who is not," Comey said in the tweet.
Comey also wrote memos of their interactions with Trump. They testified in a Senate committee hearing last June that they wrote the memos because they were concerned the president might lie about the nature of their meetings.
Related: Trump's attorney John Dowd calls for end to Mueller probe
Comey also admitted to asking a friend to leak some memos to the media, after Trump tweeted that Comey had "better hope that there are no 'tapes' of our conversations before they start leaking to the press!"
Trump tweeted again early Sunday morning, suggesting the pair's notes should be called "Fake Memos."
Wow, watch Comey lie under oath to Senator G when asked “have you ever been an anonymous source...or known someone else to be an anonymous source...?” They said strongly “never, no.” They lied as shown clearly on @foxandfriends. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 18, 2018
Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe, but they never took notes when they were with me. I don't believe they made memos except to help their own agenda, probably at a later date. Same with lying James Comey. Can we call them Fake Memos? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 18, 2018
Trump has repeatedly denied any collusion with the Russian effort to interfere in the presidential election. Trump on Twitter pointed to the release by Republican members of the House Intelligence Committee which said they found no evidence Russians colluded with any members of the Trump campaign.
DiNapoli slams ACS for weak oversight of foster kids The city's child welfare agency isn't providing enough oversight of foster children, State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli said in an audit released Friday. The Administration for Children's Services has non-profits under...
Kids caught in the de Blasio-Cuomo crossfire Yes, Gov. Cuomo faces big budget woes this year, and yes, he's at war with Mayor de Blasio. But those are poor excuses to slash funding that will put vulnerable...
Man sues ACS for 'abomination' case that ruined their life A young man is suing the city, claiming it ruined their life by removing them and their younger brother from their parents' home and forcing them to live with their...
Once again, Mayor de Blasio is in denial — this time, over failing ferries What will it take for Mayor de Blasio to admit that a particular problem exists? Their first term was a veritable litany of deny, deny, deny, as critical — and...
Child welfare agency beefs up probes of cases involving toddlers The city's child welfare agency is beefing up its investigations of high-priority cases involving kids 3 and under by getting retired NYPD detectives involved as early as possible. The initiative,...
This city employee has been working since Eisenhower was president You could forgive Shirley Williams Myrie for not recalling the details of their first day on the job. When the 82-year-old — who is believed to be the longest-serving active...
David Hansell is ready to take on the city's embattled ACS When David Hansell took the helm at the Administration for Children's Services earlier this year, the city's embattled child- welfare agency was still reeling from a string of high-profile deaths....
How public schools are failing foster kids It's been six years since Vanessa took in their brother's grandchildren, but it is only in the last couple of weeks, with their start at a new school — Immaculate...
Shaken baby syndrome eyed in case of brain dead 11-month-old An 11-month-old baby declared brain dead over the weekend was likely abused, police sources said. Jeremiah Callaghan is currently on life support at Cohen Children's Medical Center in Queens, where...
NFL Black Monday 2017 is upon us where head coaches see their tenures come to an end. Whose time is up after Week 17?
It's an unfortunate part of the NFL, but the need for immediate change when it comes to franchises stuck in the mire is always there. So at the end of every regular season, there is always NFL Black Monday. That's the unflattering nickname given to the day that head coaches are fired as teams decide to go in another direction. It happens every year, but there was plenty of noise before NFL Black Monday 2017 ever arrived.
The first head coach fired in the 2016 NFL season was Jeff Fisher as they were dismissed by the Los Angeles Rams. This was a long time coming given their persistent mediocrity in the past and slipping from even that this season. Next up was the Jacksonville Jaguars giving Gus Bradley their pink-slip, another move that many saw coming.
Before Week 17, we then got another move that wasn't a surprise—but really only because of rumors leading up to it. The Buffalo Bills fired Rex Ryan as their head coach, in addition to Rob Ryan as defensive coordinator. Even with all of that, though, there were still plenty of job openings about to become available.
It's worth noting, though, before we dive into NFL Black Monday 2017 that Gary Kubiak retired as the head coach of the Denver Broncos due to health concerns. That was not a firing and shouldn't be painted as such.
Now let's take a look at NFL Black Monday 2017, tracking the head coaches that are fired from around the league. And yes, some teams couldn't even wait until Monday, firing coaches on Sunday after their Week 17 game:
Mike McCoy, San Diego Chargers
After a 5-11 finish to the 2016 NFL season, the San Diego Chargers fired head coach Mike McCoy. McCoy took over the post in 2013 and led the team to back-to-back 9-7 seasons. In the past two seasons, though, they went 4-12 and 5-11, albeit with an inordinate amount of injuries hampering their potential success. Because of that, though, don't be surprised if McCoy gets looks from elsewhere around the league with teams in need of a head coach. If not, he'll definitely land as a coordinator somewhere, perhaps with their old pal John Fox with the Chicago Bears.
Chip Kelly, San Francisco 49ers
Less than an hour after McCoy was fired on Sunday night, the San Francisco 49ers indeed followed up with what was reported and fired Chip Kelly. They also relieved general manager Trent Baalke of their duties as well. While Baalke hadn't done much to help Kelly's situation, their one year with the Niners was abysmal. They finished with a 2-14 record and showed very few signs of progress. Once thought of as a guru, it appears Kelly's NFL days are now numbered.
Again, no one ever wants to see someone lose their job. However, it's the reality of the high-pressure job of being an NFL head coach. If you don't perform up to expectations, you have to deal with the consequences. And sometimes, those consequences are being fired.
More from NFL Spin Zone
This article originally appeared on
U.S. intelligence officials and private experts are trying to make sense of the missiles they saw displayed in Pyongyang Saturday during a parade to honor the 105th anniversary of the birth of the country's founder.
The procession's vast array of ballistic missiles included some models that hadn't been seen in public before, U.S. intelligence officials said.
"We are currently analyzing the equipment displayed at this year's parade," the Pentagon's Defense Intelligence Agency said in a statement. "While some systems appear consistent with past public displays, others have not been previously observed."
What isn't clear is to what extent the new missiles are functional. In the past, North Korea has paraded fake missiles.
"I still don't know what I saw," said Jeffrey Lewis, a North Korea specialist at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey, in California, who said they recognized "things that are familiar that have been subtly redesigned — or in some cases, not so subtly."
Another U.S. intelligence official added, "Pyongyang's elaborate parade of weaponry was likely intended to telegraph to the world and its own people that North Korea maintains a viable deterrent. Unfortunately, behind the goose-stepping soldiers, parade of missiles and belligerent bluster, lies a country that at its core is only held together by its sheer brutality. As with many things with North Korea, the task is to discern the fact from the fiction. Were they displaying real missiles or just big green tubes?"
One of those tubes was the size of an intercontinental ballistic missile, experts said. But it's unclear whether it was an actual weapon. Nor is it clear that North Korea has the technology to mount a nuclear warhead on such a missile.
Horrifying video has emerged Friday showing the Times Square madman's path of carnage as they barreled over pedestrians in their car.
see also Speeding car mows down pedestrians in Times Square An ex-naval officer speeding the wrong way up a Seventh...
The video begins showing Richard Rojas' maroon Honda Accord making its way south in the left lane at Seventh Avenue and 42nd Street before making a sharp U-turn and jumping onto the sidewalk.
The car then plows through a crowd, sending people flying in all directions in a sickening scene that is captured from multiple surveillance cameras.
Stunned passers-by are seen trying to avoid being mowed down, but many are struck and end up sprawled on the sidewalk.
Some remain down while others struggle to get up and look toward the vehicle as it continues the rampage.
The Honda is then seen crashing into a stanchion at Broadway and 45th Street, where the driver gets out of the car and runs toward pedestrians with their arms outstretched.
 They are almost immediately tackled by a person who appears to be a traffic agent, but they get up and continues to run until they are finally subdued.
A hit-and-run driver who injured four bicyclists at a West Marin benefit ride was sentenced to 18 months in prison.
Aaron Michael Paff, 22, of Novato, drove their Dodge Ram truck into the cyclists in October on Point Reyes-Petaluma Road just west of Hicks Valley Road. The cyclists were participating in the Jensie Gran Fondo of Marin, a ride that benefits the Marin County Bicycle Coalition.
Witnesses said the truck intentionally swerved to the right to swipe the cyclists, police said. One witness estimated the truck's speed at 65 to 70 mph.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
The injuries to the cyclists included a spinal fracture, a dislocated elbow, a dislocated shoulder, a broken finger, head injuries and other wounds.
A passing motorcyclist who recorded the incident on a helmet camera provided the footage to the California Highway Patrol, leading to Paff's arrest.
When police searched their damaged truck, they found “more than 20 Lagunitas beer bottle caps in the driver's side door pockets, front floor, the rear seat and floor, and inside the passenger side door pockets,” according to a report by the Marin County Probation Office.
Paff told authorities they did not strike the cyclists intentionally, the report said. Paff said they had stayed up the prior night with friends, decided to drive up the coast that day and then nodded off at the wheel on the way home. They said they fled after the collision because they panicked.
Paff, a former Marin Municipal Water District employee, was charged with four felony hit-and-run counts. The potential term was five years in prison.
Related Articles Man admits hit-and-run on Bay Area bicyclists during charity ride
Bay Area bicycling advocates swarm arraignment of Marin hit-and-run suspect
Marin man charged in alleged mow-down of four cyclists on charity ride Last month they accepted a plea offer and admitted to two of the charges. The prosecution also dismissed a separate pending hit-and-run case in which they allegedly damaged a Novato shopping center with their truck and had an open alcohol container in the vehicle.
Judge James Chou sentenced Paff on Monday to three years in prison, but the sentence will be served at half-time under state sentencing guidelines. The plea deal called for the maximum term out of a range from 16 months to three years.
Paff had no prior convictions before the hit-and-run case.
Credit: John Pogonoski/CSIRO Australian National Fish Collection
Lacking clearly defined eyes, and with a mouth located underneath its body, the researchers said the fish seemed to not have a face. However, the "faceless cusk" does have eyes — which are visible well beneath the skin in smaller specimens. The recent specimen did not have discernible eyes, and could be the largest T. nasus ever seen, according to the researchers.
Ever since VR technology began tiptoeing toward a wider market with the launch of Kickstarters for projects like the Oculus Rift, an unwelcome presence has wafted across the technology: nausea. Put simply, virtual reality makes some people seasick. It's the reason why you'll see the press and reviewers emphasize the importance of high frame rates. It's why you'll often see games with limited mobility or titles that warp you from location to location. And it's why game developers frequently recommend taking breaks from VR titles and only playing for small amounts of time, at least at first. Now, LG thinks it can use an AI to take some of the nausea out of gaming, possibly improving player uptake in the process.
One of the principle problems with VR is that the same high-resolution techniques that can reduce nausea directly hit frame rates. At a distance of just a few inches, even 4K screens aren't necessarily enough to avoid the screen door effect — and no VR headset currently on the market can push 4K at the 90fps targets experts often suggest are best-practices in virtual reality. Brute-forcing the problem is possible, but drives system cost up and makes wireless hardware a pipe dream, given that nobody is going to be packing a GTX 1080 Ti GPU into a smartphone any time this decade.
LG's work with Sogang University suggests an alternate approach that's much more bandwidth and battery-friendly, by building high-resolution images from low resolution initial starting points. According to Business Korea, using low-resolution initial assets and then constructing high-resolution final targets via AI slashed introduced photon latency and motion blur to one-fifth of current levels or less. The same team also built a precision motor system and improved optics based on the human visual cortex to improve the ability of experts to model how VR is used by humans.
“[T]his study developed a semiconductor which accelerates with low power realized through AI without an expensive GPU in a VR device,” said professor Kang Seok-ju of the Department of Electronics Engineering at Sogang University, who worked on the study over the past three years.
It's difficult to judge just how much drag nausea exerts on the VR market, which seems somehow fitting given that we aren't actually sure why humans get nauseated and throw up in the first place. The leading theory is that nausea results from a mismatch between the visual system (which, in VR, believes that you are moving) and reports from other components of the proprioceptive system, which reports that you aren't. What we do know is that conditioned taste aversion — the phenomena in which we avoid certain foods after experiencing an aversive response involving nausea, sickness, or vomiting — is quite strong. We're not very particular about it, either. As Wikipedia notes, a person who eats sushi and then goes on a roller coaster and experiences severe nausea may still wind up with an aversion to sushi, despite knowing that it was the roller coaster that actually caused the problem.
How much does this practically impact VR adoption? In the short-term, not much. The impact of high pricing and limited support are going to be far more important in the near term. That said, the difficulty of making games without making people barf probably does put some limits on what developers are willing to risk. There's precious little upside to building a game that makes 10 percent (or even one percent) of your player base upchuck in the age of social media and YouTube reaction videos. No game studio in its right mind wants to be known as the firm behind “Unintentionally Blowing Chunks VII: Battle Royale” or whatever the equivalent would be. And given that LG isn't currently a major player in this space, it's not clear if any technological breakthrough would be incorporated into future products or licensed by other firms to use in their own hardware.
Top image credit: Jay Bergensen, Flickr
Bank sues customer for hitting up overly generous ATM that spat out $100s A Kansas woman is facing a pricey lawsuit after a bank accused them of making dozens of withdrawals from a faulty ATM that was dispensing $100 bills instead of $5...
'Jackpotting' ATM attacks have come to America “Jackpotting” attacks that cause ATMs to spit out their cash inventory have come to the US, according to a Secret Service alert sent to financial institutions. KrebsOnSecurity, a blog, obtained...
Two bandits wanted for string of safe, ATM heists Two men are on a safe-and-ATM cracking spree in Manhattan, ripping off over a dozen East Side businesses in a month, police said. The pair has hit up 16 commercial...
Man arrested for punching ATM that gave them 'too much money' A Florida man was arrested Friday after they reportedly punched an ATM because it “was giving them too much money” during an incident in November. Michael Joseph Oleksik, 23, was...
Masked men go on ATM stealing-spree HOUSTON — Houston police believe the same group of masked men is responsible in the thefts of ATMs from the lobbies of five hotels over the past six days, including...
Suspects wanted for stealing thousands from ATMs These men are suspected of stealing thousands of dollars from Manhattan ATMs using skimming devices, cops said Tuesday. Approximately $17,000 was stolen using the gadgets, which duplicate bank-card information, allowing...
11-year-old with toy gun arrested for ATM 'stick-up' An 11-year-old boy was arrested Saturday after they reportedly used a toy gun to rob a woman at an ATM in Arkansas. The victim, 68, told police they were hit...
ATM fees in NYC are getting out of control New York's banks are getting a much bigger bang for your automated buck — while giving you little in interest earned. ATM fees are soaring all over the metro area,...
Cops bust thieves for stealing $100K in ATM robbery ring Cops brought down a ring of Romanian thieves responsible for stealing around $100,000 from bank customers in Queens with ATM card skimmers — and that may just be the tip...
Image caption An inquiry was initially ordered into Dundee's Carseview Centre
NHS Tayside said plans for an independent inquiry into its mental health services are "progressing well".
A probe had been ordered into Dundee's Carseview Centre but was expanded following a campaign by families of people who took their own lives.
NHS Tayside said families, the public and external stakeholders will "shape and agree" the scope of the inquiry.
It is expected to review safety, care standards and access to mental health services.
NHS bosses ordered the Carseview review after David Ramsay, 50, took their own life in 2016 just days after twice being sent home from the unit.
Mr Ramsay's family has been campaigning for a full public inquiry into mental health provision in NHS Tayside.
Image caption Campaigning families of people who took their own lives were attended a recent Holyrood debate on the issue
NHS Tayside said three potential chairpersons have been identified to lead the inquiry.
The proposed chairperson will then meet the families before a final decision is made on the appointment.
The health board said the person leading the inquiry will be supported by "high-level professional advice from a leading psychiatrist from outwith Tayside."
The Health and Social Care Alliance Scotland, known as the Alliance, will lead the involvement of patients, families, the public, the third sector and mental health charities to the inquiry.
NHS Tayside chairperson John Brown said an interim report on the inquiry should be provided to the board by the end of September.
They said: "We have been working hard to ensure that this inquiry is set up in the right way from the beginning.
"I am pleased to report that all those we approached to play a role in this critical review have been supportive from the outset and the inclusion of the Alliance demonstrates our commitment to it being truly independent and giving a voice to the concerns of families and the public."
PITTSBURG — A person was fatally hit by an Amtrak train Tuesday afternoon, authorities said.
Around 3:45 p.m., officers responded to a report from a BNSF train dispatcher about a person on the tracks by Loveridge Road about 100 feet north of Pittsburg-Antioch Highway, Pittsburg police Capt. Ron Raman said.
A westbound Amtrak train had hit a person before stopping a quarter-mile west of the strike location, they said. Officers located the person and closed Loveridge to traffic for about 90 minutes.
BNSF Railway spokesperson Lena Kent confirmed the fatality Tuesday evening, saying a person appeared to have laid down on the tracks. They said the train was expected to hold until the Contra Costa coroner arrived.
Representatives with Amtrak and BNSF did not immediately respond to reports of the crash.
There was no other reported injuries and traffic was not affected.
Pittsburg police said they will work with railroad investigators looking into the fatal accident.
Check back for updates.
Contact George Kelly at 408-859-5180.
Stand clear of the dead bodies.
“Leaking” corpses of people killed by subway trains are often brought to employee lunchrooms and other break areas inside stations, disgusted union officials and sources said on Monday.
In an effort to restore service quickly, bodies are simply carted off to “whatever room happens to be nearest,” a union source told The Post.
“If a lunchroom is the nearest, they'll put it in the lunchroom,” the source said.
And that's enough to make transit workers lose their lunch.
LaShawn Jones, 52, who has been a station agent for 18 years, said they were coming into work at the 103rd Street 1 train station about five years ago — and made a quick stop in the employee bathroom when they saw some NYPD Emergency Service Unit officers handling a body inside.
“They weren't aware that I was coming in and I wasn't aware that they were in there,” Jones told The Post. “All I remember seeing was a black bag with purplish stuff.”
Jones returned to the bathroom on their lunch break — and though the body was gone, they saw some remains in the sink, they said.
“I had no idea what ESU does in the sink, but when it was time to wash my hands, there was hair and scalp and basically body parts in the sink,” they said. “That was very disturbing.”
They said they immediately went to their booth and called them supervisor. The mess was eventually cleaned up, “but the fact I had to experience that was disgusting,” they said.
“That can totally mess with your psyche, not just for that day but for the future as well,” Jones added. “I couldn't go home. I was hysterical and I was crying, but by the time the supervisor got there, I calmed myself down.”
Several other station agents railed about the situation on a private Facebook group conversation for station agents, obtained by The Post.
“Transit does not care about morale,” Taytana A. Klimenko wrote. “They do not invest in psychological welfare for their workers. I am surprised we do not have a high suicide rate — we must have some strong workers. Very tough. Something the union should look to invest into?”
“Be a pro?” Tommy McNally, a Transport Workers Union safety inspector from Staten Island posted. “Station Agents walking over bodies in the bathroom? Uncovered bodies leaking fluids..be a pro…this isn't Vietnam pal….be a pro and suck it up if you get hepatitis…? No, close the station, put the body in a bag, on the platform, wait for the morgue to take it…then open the station.”
Theresa Green, a station agent for 28 years who are a member of the TWU Local 100 union, told The Chief-Leader, which first reported the story, that dead bodies at subway stations have been handled this way for years and “nothing was ever done.”
“I saw this on April 7, 2008 when someone committed suicide in the Franklin Ave. C station in Brooklyn, and it still goes on because this is their procedure,” Green told the paper, which was the first to report the story.
Union officials said it takes at least two hours for a corpse to leave the station.
“The police are forced [to] store the bodies in utility rooms and other subway rooms while waiting for Medical Examiner's Office staff to arrive. It's unacceptable that transit workers have to endure this on the job,” a TWU Local 100 spokesperson said in a statement. “Mayor de Blasio and their administration have failed to provide enough staffing for the Medical Examiner's Office to quickly retrieve and remove bodies from the subway after these tragedies.”
An MTA source insisted that bodies are not stored in break rooms, but rather temporarily kept in non-public areas by the NYPD while they wait for the Medical Examiner to show up.
In a statement, an MTA spokesperson said that “it's of the utmost importance” that anyone who dies in the subway system is removed from the tracks and platforms as fast as possible “to restore service quickly and to give humane treatment to the deceased and their family.”
“The placement and removal of bodies are handled by NYPD and the NYC Medical Examiner, and we're discussing with TWU officials how any of the current practices can be enhanced for the comfort of our workers,” the statement said.
Only members of the NYPD's Emergency Service Unit can remove dead bodies from a subway track or tunnel, according to a section of the department's patrol guide provided to The Post.
By Nigel Pfunde
Deep beyond the hem of the capital far from the city limits amidst the smell of soot and smoke in the land of Chief Chinamora in Nyamande Village, Domboshava, lies a magnificent mansion that can easily get a slot on MTV cribs.
Conspicuously different from homes in its surroundings, this home has become the status symbol and hallmark of the splurging and bling life of Genius “My Guy” Kadungure of the Bentley IPad fame. The mansion is a definite head turner and were a way to lift it, it could be easily placed in the famous Borrowdale Brooke estate.
But the ownership of this mansion has become debatable lately. While the popular socialite and business person Genius Ginimbi Kadungure claims to have built the mansion in their home area where they grew up, a fortnight ago things took a rather curious turn.
There was a new twist to the ownership of this house. It emerged on court record that flamboyant business person Zodwa Mkandla also claims ownership to the house that Ginimbi built.
These ownership details leaked in a case in which Zodwa, who is popularly known as Zozo, lost property worth $60 000 at the house in question and had to have the Bobbies get in on the case to help them crack the case and recover what they lost.
In the court case, the State detailed that Zodwa lost the property at their Domboshava mansion to one of their security personnel, a man identified as Justice Jasi. Justice allegedly did injustice in spite of the trust vested in him.
The two businesspeople (Zozo and Ginimbi) have both NEVER categorically stated their marital status despite speculation and rumours that the two are married under Marriage Act which will entitle them to dual ownership of properties. In fact in the latest interview on Star FM, Ginimbi skirted answering the question on their marital status or ‘first lady'. Yet the new revelation could prove one of three things.
Either Genius is masquerading as a homeowner and is actually being looked after like the proverbial church mouse, or the two have joint ownership by virtue of being married and therefore indeed Zodwa and Genius could be an item in a secret marriage, or the two could simply be joint owners without marriage. Yet sources in the couple's circles told this publication that the two are business partners and not lovers.
“The two are business partners and not lovers as presumed; they are just close that's all,” said a source close to the power couple.
However, the street jury has given the verdict that the two are an item and Zozo is the anchor of Ginimbi's finances, a claim that Ginimbi is on record denying.
With lucrative palpable business, it would seem Genius feeds off the sweat and genius of Zozo's widely celebrated business acumen and tenacity. Genius became popular for their traditional all white parties where they flaunt their wealth, popping expensive bottles of whiskey.
Zozo has been prominent at these parties, giving credence to word that the two are either business partners or an item with Zozo being the benefactor. Both have strong rural backgrounds with Ginimbi having grown up in rural Domboshava while Zozo was born in rural Matabeleland (Bubi).
Their lavish lifestyle, where Ginimbi is the most vain, has been flaunted on popular social network sites such as Instagram and Snapchat, with Genius being known to do the preposterous and bizarre, their latest antic being the dry humping of a poor chubby chap at their last all white party in South Africa that left the webosphere at a loss for words.
The chubby fellow however was so traumatised and it would not be too far-fetched to suppose they still haven't gotten over being humped at the hands of Ginimbi in front of the partying crowd.
The case of the house however, has gotten tongues wagging with all documentary evidence proving the house belongs at least partially to the legendary Zodwa. The Herald
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – There's a new coach in town in Perry for the Panthers: Kevin Smith replaces the previous coach after being a longtime assistant at Northside.
Last year, the Panthers finished 3-7, with a 9-31 record for the last four seasons.
The Panthers have had a revolving door of head coaches recently, as Smith is the 4th coach in the last 6 seasons for the school.
Perry will be in Region 2-4A along with Howard, Mary Persons, Spalding, Upson-Lee, and West Laurens.
OFFENSE:
Five starters returning on offense.
This includes quarterback Christian Corbett, and running backs Jay Watkins and Tyrell Owens.
The Panthers will also have WR's Davion Ross and Malik Mullins on board.
DEFENSE:
Another set of five starters back for the defense.
OL Jamati Harris, DL Antwan Fann, DE Cameron Johnson, DB Jecory Burks, DB Keinjus King.
FIRST GAME: August 25th at Rutland.
$560M Powerball winner will get to remain anonymous CONCORD, N.H. — A judge ruled Monday that a New Hampshire woman who won a Powerball jackpot worth nearly $560 million can keep their identity private, but not them hometown....
Real-life 'Mr. Robot' says Anonymous is harmless now A notorious computer hacker whose exploits helped inspire the TV show “Mr. Robot” has gone from trying to bring down the man — to working for him. As a key...
Powerball winner demanding anonymity will get their $559M prize NASHUA, N.H. — A woman who won a $559.7 million Powerball jackpot will get their money as a legal fight over releasing their identity plays out in court. In a...
Anonymous warns world to 'prepare' for World War 3 The infamous hacktivist group Anonymous has released a chilling new video — urging people across the globe to “prepare” for World War 3 — as the US and North Korea...
This 'dark web' vigilante is zapping tons of child porn The dark web is now 20 percent lighter — thanks to a “Mr. Robot”-like vigilante hacker who has zapped one-fifth of its content in a crusade against child porn. “Action...
Defense Department workers warned to avoid 'day of rage' protests The Department of Defense on Thursday issued a stern warning to its personnel to steer clear of tomorrow's demonstration outside the White House protesting the recent spate of fatal police...
Hacker group Anonymous declares ‘total war' on Trump Donald Trump seems to have no problem making enemies, which is why it's not surprising to see that sometimes-effective hacker collective Anonymous has them in their sights again. Per The...
Trump website goes down after Anonymous threat NEW YORK — The website for Trump Towers, Donald Trump's glitzy signature skyscraper in Manhattan, went offline for about an hour on Friday after activist hacking group Anonymous denounced the...
Anonymous plans 'day of rage' protests against ISIS From Viagra adverts to rubber ducks, Anonymous has been doing its best to troll members of Islamic State on social media. While Rickrolling seemed like a winning option, it appears...
Image copyright Getty Images
Unemployment is at record lows: employment is at record highs. So all's well? Not according to figures published this week.
Growth continues to struggle into positive territory, according to Scottish government statisticians.
The figure for April to June was published on Wednesday, showing growth of only 0.1%. That's right: the least growth we could have.
Construction was particularly weak. And despite manufacturing being helped by the weakness of sterling, it was also into negative territory.
The figure for the first quarter of the year, January to March, was downgraded to 0.6%.
It's been noted before that that looks a bit odd, given what else we saw in the economy at that time, given that it was largely driven by three industries, and given that it's out of whack with two-and-a-half years of other growth figures.
Image copyright Getty Images
Economist John McLaren has separated out the figures so that they are directly comparable with the UK ones.
They reckon Scottish growth has been roughly a third that of the UK over the past 30 months - 1.2% to the UK's 4.5%. That ratio is true of the most recent quarter, and of the past year.
From those at the Fraser of Allander Institute comes a reminder (this can't be said often enough) that if growth is consistently lower than the rest of the UK, then income tax revenue can also be expected to be lower than Holyrood might have expected from the previous block grant formula.
In other words, devolution of income tax power will leave a funding gap, compared with where Holyrood might have been without those devolved powers.
Ministers may look on the bright side with these figures. But for their budget forecasts, they now have to look to the independent Scottish Fiscal Commission to set the revenue expectations for them.
Hunkering down
These growth figures will not translate into comfortable reading for Finance Secretary Derek Mackay.
So those who hoped the original 0.8% estimate for the first quarter was a sign of a rosy new 2016 are now hunkering down for tougher times, as other indicators have shown things looking a lot less positive.
Brexit is taking a toll on confidence, as if businesses needed another reason for holding back on investment.
The consumer debt binge that has kept us going through many of the bad months in recent years may be running out of road. Real earnings are being squeezed by inflation.
And as household budgets are squeezed, even those attractive financing deals on cars are failing to keep momentum behind sales. The September figures for UK new car registrations were down 9.3%. In Scotland they were down 8%, to below 40,000.
September matters a lot to car dealers, because that's one of two months when buyers are attracted by new plates. Over the year so far, Scots registrations are down 5%, and UK ones by 3%.
Low target
The productivity figures, issued on Friday, are not broken down by parts of the UK. But there's no reason to think Scotland is faring any better than the rest of the Kingdom.
It was consistently faring worse, but the most recent Scottish productivity figures, covering 2015, were warmly welcomed for catching up with the UK level of productivity.
That may be an achievement, but it's not much of a target to have hit. UK productivity looks dire, and it's been going backwards. Also, the Scottish boost in 2015 followed four very weak years.
Image copyright Getty Images
Productivity is the vital driver of improved prosperity. If we're not producing more per hour worked, we're not earning a real terms pay rise. While productivity stalls, pay rises are making us less competitive. On average.
Why this productivity problem? Well, that's been puzzling economists, just as it's been puzzling governments.
Here are some of the reasons being offered:
Those low unemployment/high employment figures look good, except they mean that people are being employed where firms might otherwise be deploying more advanced, more productive equipment and processes.
The British economy excels at doing less productive work, where it can be hard to drive gains. In fractured supply chains, the bits that Britain contributes tend not to be the productive ones, according to Prof Nigel Driffield of Warwick Business School.
Prof Driffield also talks of a "productivity spiral": firms need to invest in more productive technology, but need productivity improvements in order to access that new investment. "The speed at which certain technologies are advancing is exacerbating the problem," they say.
Could it have something to do with skills? Even where there is investment in skills, and even where they are the right ones, are they being deployed well by effective management?
Image copyright Getty Images
There are various ways out of poor productivity. They start with investment in skills and equipment, along with their effective deployment. They continue with better infrastructure, in transport and telecoms.
Being open to trade is a valuable driver of productivity as well. It forces firms to be competitive with the best.
So pulling out of a single market, in which others are more productive, can mean reduced competitive pressure on firms to improve their processes.
Being less attractive to inward investors is also a means of slowing up the adoption of new ideas for greater efficiency, which are known to be imported when global companies set up shop.
The Brexoptimists (a term I just invented) see the shift to new trading relationships with the world beyond the European Union as the route to a more successful economy. Possibly. And eventually.
The company owned by the family of presidential son-in-law Jared Kushner says Jersey City, a Democratic stronghold, is blocking its plan to build two towers because of politics and hinted a lawsuit is possible. Behind the fight there's another struggle: paying for the project.
The Kushners obtained temporary funds from a web-based lender that specializes in risky loans shunned by other financial firms, Bloomberg has learned. Earlier plans for the project at 1 Journal Square collapsed when WeWork, the workspace startup, left. Much of the development's financing had been tied to its participation.
1 Journal Square site in Jersey City on June 9, 2017. Photographer: Spencer Platt/Getty Images North America
The lender, BofI Federal Bank, formerly known as Bank of Internet, has advertised that it issues loans to newly drafted professional athletes, self-employed artists and others with intricate finances and uneven cash flow. The company provided much of the money behind a $57 million bridge loan issued in October, loan documents show. Kushner Cos. and KABR Group, its partner at the project, have sought both public financing and construction loans to build two 56-story towers on the site.
Calls and emails to Johnny Lai, BofI's vice-president for corporate development and investor relations, weren't returned.
City Funds Needed
People familiar with the project say the combination of WeWork as a tenant and fundraising in China would have made it succeed. But WeWork is out, and the family has sworn off using Chinese money after pitches in the country triggered a public outcry over conflict of interest. City funds are now needed, the people said.
That aid is the focus of increasing tension between the city and Kushner Cos., lawyer letters and other documents reviewed by Bloomberg show. The Kushners accuse Jersey City, whose residents voted overwhelmingly for Hillary Clinton, of hobbling the project because of their ties to President Donald Trump. The Associated Press earlier reported on the letters.
The city denies this, saying the company should have broken ground more than a year ago and has failed to submit “evidence of firm commitments for financing and any equity capital necessary.” But many in New Jersey real estate say the economics of Jersey City would make it difficult for any developer to get financing without a commitment for a tax abatement. Last week, the city declared Kushner and KABR in default for paying an administrative fee nearly a year late. It added that the default and changes to the development's scope raise concerns about Kushner's ability “to see the project through to fruition.”
A Different Partner?
“Hopefully this will now move to a different partner that can complete the project,” Jersey City Mayor Steven Fulop tweeted April 18. The Democrat and former ally of Charles Kushner, Jared's father, formerly supported the effort.
Kushner Cos. says it's the victim of discrimination.
“Mayor Fulop has expressly acknowledged to several people on the phone and in meetings that Kushner Companies is being unfairly and blatantly discriminated against by Jersey City simply because its former CEO works in the Trump administration,” Christine Taylor, a Kushner spokesperson, said, declining to name the people. “He even referenced another case of discrimination which the city lost in litigation. Mayor Fulop also stated that the city would not defend such discriminatory action in a litigation.” They added that Fulop “did an about-face when they were up for re-election to get the anti-Trump vote.”
A spokesperson for Fulop didn't directly respond to questions about Kushner's allegations.
BofI Federal has attracted the interest of short-sellers such as Bronte Capital Management's John Hempton, but its bets have so far paid off. Net income has soared in the past five years, sending shares up 335 percent -- more than triple the return of financial firms in the S&P 500 Index. The company owns much of the $57 million loan issued by Fortress Investment Group in October.
Charles Kushner told CNN in an interview published Monday that what's happening is “like me telling you I'm not giving you a loan because you're a woman or because you're Jewish."
The company has recently received financing for other projects, including $600 million from JPMorgan Chase for a Brooklyn development site and $200 million from Citigroup to refinance another Jersey City property, an apartment tower known as Trump Bay Street.
Selena Gomez has released the music video for their new single “Bad Liar.”
Related: Selena Gomez on ‘Intentional, Refreshing, & Moody' New Album
The visual, which was directed by Jesse Peretz, features Gomez playing multiple roles including a high school student, their blonde alter-ego, and their own parents (both the man and woman).
The clip ends with a title card that reads “Coming Soon,” followed by the word “Fetish.” Is this the title of Selena's new album or next single? Only time will tell.
Check out the video for “Bad Liar” below.
Bill Ackman found themselves cornered and squeezed on Friday as shares of Herbalife soared to a nearly three-year high.
The maker of nutritional shakes jumped 11.2 percent, to $75.25, after it revealed its recent offer to repurchase up to $600 million of outstanding shares was under-subscribed.
The lack of interest in the $68-a-share tender could suggest that shareholders believe the stock is heading higher.
But for Ackman, whose Pershing Square hedge fund placed a $1 billion short bet on the nutritional supplement company in 2012, the stock's rapid rise was a punch in the gut.
Ackman has long maintained that Herbalife is a pyramid scheme and its stock would fall to zero.
A review of the company by the Federal Trade Commission last year ripped its business practices — but left it standing and able to make changes.
The FTC stopped short of calling the company a pyramid scheme.
The stock's rise Friday to its highest close since January 2014 was a costly reminder that Ackman — so far — has bet wrong.
“We estimate that short sellers had a single-day paper loss of $145 million, with an 11.2 percent jump in Herbalife shares today,” Matthew Unterman, director at financial analytics firm S3 Partners, told The Post.
And the pain for Ackman may only get worse.
Short-sellers pay interest to borrow the stock they hold short. As investor demand for the stock increases, so do the interest rates.
“We are seeing borrow rates to short Herbalife shares spike significantly on the back of the self-tender results, with borrow rates in the double digits now,” Unterman said.
And with Herbalife repurchasing 7 percent of the company's outstanding shares, there is less available to borrow.
“Hedge funds with open shorts will now pay even more to maintain their short exposure as liquidity in Herbalife tightens with fewer shares outstanding,” Unterman said.
But for all Ackman's pain, Friday's rally gave their sometime-nemesis, billionaire Carl Icahn, reasons to smile.
Icahn had a 24.3 percent stake in Herbalife prior to the buyback. Friday's action created a paper gain of roughly $218 million for the investor.
Icahn also saw their stake in Herbalife grow by 2 percentage points as the number of shares outstanding fell.
Herbalife announced its tender offer in August after it revealed that it had been in discussions to go private.
Pershing Square declined to comment.
Follow these rules to handle a financial windfall wisely, writes Andy Frye. See full story.
Tony Robbins on stock market corrections: Get used to them
Regular market downturns are just part of being an investor, writes Tony Robbins. See full story.
Uma Thurman breaks their silence on Weinstein, says ‘he pushed me down'
In a fiery opinion piece published in the New York Times on Saturday, actor Uma Thurman gave detailed accounts of their encounters with the disgraced movie mogul, who is now in rehab See full story.
Why the Nunes memo just might work
No, the Nunes memo may not have revealed a grand conspiracy against Trump as much as its authors purport. But as a political device, it's too early to discount it. See full story.
Are we heading for an Amazon-Alibaba e-commerce showdown?
Amazon and Alibaba currently operate in opposite geographies, but with both companies expanding, a showdown could be coming. See full story.
Amazon is one of many companies jumping on this greenery-over-cubicles movement. See full story.
Two months ago I wrote a piece about Jurassic World Alive that talked about how the game was scheduled for an official release sometime in the Spring. Well, it would appear that the developers have stayed true to their word as Jurassic World Alive is officially available on the Play Store as of today. If you weren't already aware, this is an augmented reality game all about collecting dinosaurs. Think Pokémon GO, but instead of collecting hundreds of adorable make-believe creatures, you will be venturing out into the world to obtain the most fearsome dinosaurs known to man and maybe even make a few new species of your own.
Jurassic World Alive plays very similar to Pokémon GO. Sure, there are quite a few thematic changes, but for the most part, you should be able to pick this up and understand how to play it immediately. After all, what's the real difference between launching a drone to shoot darts at a dinosaur and throwing a magic red and white ball at a Pokémon? They both serve as amusing mini-games that add a little bit of challenge to capturing new creatures.
One thing that you can't ignore is that this is a game all about collecting dinosaurs, so like most casual collection games, you can expect plenty of opportunities to create hybrid creatures by combining the genetic traits of multiple species to develop their strengths and abilities. If that sounds familiar, that's because this is similar to how you breed Pokémon.
As you would expect this is a free-to-play release. This means you can install and play it for free, though you will have to deal with advertisements and in-app purchases that range all the way up to $99.99 per item. After all, no one said collecting dinosaurs was going to be cheap, at least not if you want to collect them all and stay competitive in the PvP arena.
Honestly, I'm finding it difficult to get excited about this release, even though it probably would have been my dream game as a young boy. I mean what youngster wouldn't love to venture out into the world to collect dinosaurs? I suppose it has to do with the fact that AR games like this are nothing new. I've been there and done that, and now I'm over it. But the question still remains, which is better, Pokémon GO or Jurassic World Alive? Considering this may be a question for the ages, I'll just leave it up to you to decide.
The Limerick Sports Star awards, brought to you in association with Keanes Jewellers, Radisson Blu Limerick and the Limerick Leader, held their first quarterly awards luncheon last Friday.
Now in their third year, the Limerick Sports Star awards honour sporting achievements by Limerick sporting individuals, teams and organisations.
Last Friday afternoon, the awards winners, both senior and junior, from the months of January through to April, were presented with their awards, kindly sponsored by Keanes Jewellers O'Connell St.
The lunch, hosted by the Radisson Blu, showcased once more the depth of sporting talent in Limerick City and county. See below for a full list of monthly winners.
January: Junior - Patrick and Edward Donovan (Boxing), Senior - Garryowen FC - Munster Senior Cup Winners.
February: Junior - Ardscoil Ris - Harty Cup winners, Senior - UL (Fitzgibbon Cup winners) and UL (Ashbourne Cup winners)
March: Glenstal, first ever Clayton Munster Schools Cup win, Senior: Keith Earls - Grand Slam winner with Ireland
April: Junior - Paudie O'Connor (made debut for Leeds Utd in English championship), Senior - Old Crescent winning Division 2B undefeated in All Ireland league
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
WASHINGTON — Cynthia Nixon has a new role.
The "Sex and the City" actor announced Monday they have decided to primary Gov. Andrew Cuomo, who is seeking re-election to a third term.
Nixon, an activist and performer best known for playing Miranda Hobbes on the hit HBO show and in several movies, is the clear underdog in the September 13 Democratic primary, but Cuomo has made plenty of enemies and may have a real fight on their left flank.
"I love New York. I've never lived anywhere else," Nixon said in their announcement video. "But something has to change...We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us. It can't just be business as usual anymore."
Them announcement also called attention to allegations of corruption (one of Cuomo's former top aides was just convicted on pay-to-play charges last week), neglect of the New York City subway system which the governor has a big hand in, and shady deals with Republicans in Albany to give them control of the state Senate.
Anticipating the challenge, Cuomo has been flexing their political muscle and firing warning shots, especially at their bete noire, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio.
Nixon is a prominent supporter of de Blasio, and several of their top aides have been involved in their campaign, leading some Cuomo allies to see Nixon as a proxy for the mayor.
Beyond show business, Nixon has been active in New York City politics, especially around public education and same-sex marriage.
Cuomo is in a strong position politically, with 66 percent of registered Democrats supporting him, compared with 19 percent for Nixon, according to a recent Siena College poll. But Nixon has room to grow, with around six-in-10 Democrats remaining undecided about them
"Nixon knows the hill is a very steep one, especially given Cuomo's massive money advantage. But Cuomo, actually, also has a herculean task before him," said Jonathan Tasini, a progressive activist who challenged Hillary Clinton's reelection as Senator from New York in 2006, just before they launched their first presidential campaign.
"If (Cuomo) is seriously considering running for president in 2020, they can't have Nixon run up a north-of-40 percent number, which is entirely doable because the energized progressive wing has no big love for the incumbent," Tasini added.
Liberal activist Zephyr Teachout, won nearly 35 percent of the vote against Cuomo in the 2014 Democratic primary, is Nixon's campaign treasurer.
Cuomo appears to have been taking steps to brace themselves for the challenge, running TV ads and rolling out big endorsements, even as they dismiss Nixon as a B-list celebrity.
Last week, the governor made a show of laying on the ground in Zuccotti Park, the erstwhile home of Occupy Wall Street, for a "die in" to protest gun violence.
And he's been stepping up their attacks on de Blasio, using a speech at a church Sunday to call the city's public housing "disgusting" and to compare the city's Rikers Island jail to South Africa's notorious Robben Island, where Nelson Mandela was imprisoned.
Cuomo invoked their father, former three-term New York Gov. Mario Cuomo, and said De Blasio's 10-year-plan to rebuild the prison is too slow.
"We're building a new LaGuardia Airport, it takes four years. We're building a new bridge over the Hudson River, it takes five years. They wanted to build Yankee Stadium, it took them one year," Cuomo said of de Blasio's lengthy plan to rebuild Rikers, according to the New York Daily News. "You know what it means when they say it takes them 10 years to build a jail? It's not a priority."
The 4G era has not been kind to Sprint. It went from a strong number three in the US wireless market to a distant fourth place behind T-Mobile. The company hopes that the move to 5G will help it regain market share and compete on network quality. CEO Marcelo Claure now says the carrier will begin its 5G rollout in the first half of 2019, putting it ahead of the other national carriers. However, that new network will likely come with higher plan prices.
Claure cites Sprint's extensive 2.5GHz licenses as a strength as the era of 5G approaches. That gives Sprint the spectrum it needs to launch 5G service nationwide, and half of its towers already support the 2.5GHz band. T-Mobile says it plans to start deploying 5G in late 2019, finishing up in 2020. AT&T is looking to offer preliminary access to 5G on hotspot devices in some cities this year, but it's vague on the full rollout. Verizon is planning to deploy fixed 5G service via millimeter wave spectrum in the coming year.
Being first isn't an automatic win for Sprint, though. It was also first to 4G with WiMAX, and we all remember how that went. Leaning heavily on 2.5GHz could also cause problems for Sprint. While the bandwidth of 2.5GHz is significant, it's not great at transmitting through obstacles. T-Mobile says it's going to use all its spectrum for 5G, including the highly prized 600MHz.
Sprint has aggressively lowered prices over the last few years, but Claure suggests that will stop when the 5G network launches. They claim that other carriers will have trouble raising prices on their 5G network (presumably because they're already priced higher than Sprint), but Sprint has "a lot of room to increase our price of unlimited." Claure didn't specify what sort of price increases we could expect, but apparently we'll find out in 2019.
Captain Lee wants to see their crew party with the 'Housewives' Captain Lee of Bravo's “Below Deck” thinks Lisa Vanderpump could drink most of their ship's crew under the table.
'Below Deck' captain fires back over bankruptcy claims "Captain Lee is now working with law enforcement and intends to take full legal action against the perpetrators," a rep for the Bravo star told Page Six on Friday.
The Town of Bradford West Gwillimbury wants to keep everyone safe in the backyard pool this summer. It's adopted the Lifesaving Society's On Guard program, designed to ensure a responsible parent or caregiver is visibly identified as being “on duty” when children are in or near the water. A plastic card is worn on a lanyard around the neck by the person on supervision duty at the pool. Those who wear the card are responsible for committing 100 per cent of their attention to children and non-swimmers around the pool, and for finding another adult to relieve them if they need to turn their attention away for any reason. “The sad reality is that each year there are tragic stories of children who drown because an adult turned their eyes away from the pool for a moment to answer the phone, talk to someone, flip the burgers on the barbeque, get a towel or any number of things,” says Teresa Taylor, Aquatic Supervisor. “Drowning is fast, silent and preventable.”There are two ways to get the card — through the BWG Leisure Centre website or when you apply for a pool enclosure permit through the town's building division.
Each year, thousands of children enter the foster care system with little more than the clothes on their backs.
In an effort to provide the necessities to the children entering foster care, the Walton County Sheriff's Office and the Walton County Jail donated over 100 Comfort Cases to Florida Department of Children & Families and $275 in gift cards to Emerald Coast Children's Advocacy Center.
“The safety and well-being of the children of Walton County will always be a priority to us,” said Sheriff Michael Adkinson “It is important that we make sure these children are provided with the essentials on their journey to find a home.”
Comfort Cases is a non-profit organization that provides backpacks or duffle bags packed with essential items including pajamas, blankets, toiletries, coloring books and other necessary items to children entering the foster care system. The Walton County Sheriff's Office and the Walton County Jail are proud to join the Comfort Case mission to provide comfort and support for children in need.
CLICK HERE if you are having a problem viewing these photos on a mobile device
San Francisco's upscale Japanese waterfront restaurant, Ozumo, has officially opened its second location along San Jose's Santana Row. The restaurant, which specializes in izakaya-style drinking food, is located in the space next to the Hotel Valencia.
We visited recently to take in the scene, which included limousine sightings and designer puppies in designer purses, and nibble on savory small bites. Here are our first impressions of the new Ozumo.
Vibe: Get your drink on, because the central bar, outdoor covered beer garden and cozy booths are designed for tucking into the menu's comprehensive list of Japanese whiskey, top-flight sake, beer, wine and cocktails. White-tiled walls, blond wood tables and sleek black chairs add to the upscale minimalist look.
Food: Straight up izakaya. Think two-bite yakitori skewers ($5-$26), piping hot Japanese-style fried chicken ($9), big-eye tuna tataki with grated daikon radish and garlic chips ($14) and the classic savory fried pancake, okonomiyaki, made with cabbage, onion and bean sprouts and served with umami-packed okono sauce and Kewpie mayo ($11).
Looking for something a little different? Deep-fried Sweet Corn Fritters ($9) are delightfully crunchy and pack a flavorful punch from seaweed salt and warm yuzu-laced dipping sauce. The sushi menu is not as robust as the one at Ozumo San Francisco, though you can count on 15 nigiri and sashimi options ($6-$18 for the nigiri, $12-$30 for the sashimi) and nine or simple rolls, such as the Ozumo 2.0, with salmon, mango, cucumber, jalapeno and a mango-yuzu sauce ($14).
Don't miss: Imported sake (3 ounces, $8-15), craft cocktails ($10-$14) and the Okinawan-style fried cake doughnuts ($4) and chewy Chocolate Mochi Cake ($4) for dessert.
Details: Open from 11:30 a.m. daily at 355 Santana Row, Suite 1010, San Jose; www.ozumosantanarow.com
For more food and drink coverage
follow us on Flipboard.
Sam is the sports reporter for ABC Newspapers, covering high school, junior college and community sports in the area. They joined the staff in October 2016.
Blaine players celebrate Gabby Rosenthal's second-period goal in a 7-0 win against Rogers. The Bengals advance to the Section 5AA title game on Friday. (Photo by Sam Herder)
With its Section 5AA championship game opponent watching, the top-seeded Blaine girls hockey team (21-3-2) made a statement in the semifinals, defeating fifth-seeded Rogers (19-6-2) 7-0 Tuesday in Roseville.
The Bengals are set to take on second-seeded Maple Grove (22-4-1) in the title game at 7 p.m. Friday at the Roseville Ice Arena. Maple Grove beat third-seeded Centennial (15-12) 5-3 in the game following Blaine's.
The Bengals spread the wealth in the 7-0 win with five different players scoring. Blaine scored twice in the first period, three times in the second and two times in the third.
Controlling the puck for most of the game, Blaine got started when Courtney Moser found Sarah Ganley in front of the net, who buried it for an easy goal. With less than a minute remaining in the first period, Gabby Rosenthal gave Blaine a 2-0 lead off a rebound with the assist from Ramsey Parent and Paige Beebe.
“I didn't think our start was very good,” Blaine head coach Steve Guider said. “We were very sloppy and didn't handle the puck very well. About the second half through the first period, I thought we got better. We started to play. We didn't have a very good practice on Monday, and we started the game how we practiced … But we got better.”
Rosenthal wasn't done yet, scoring their second goal five minutes into the second period, assisted by Kenzie Wylie and Beebe.
The lead extended to 4-0 with an Abby Jones goal and Megan McKenzie assist, then 5-0 with one second left in the second when Moser found the net with another assist from Beebe along with Emily Brown.
Moser added a second goal midway through the third period, assisted by Ganley. Miranda Zepeda added the seventh goal for good measure three minutes later. Courtney Moser had two goals and an assist for the Bengals. (Photo by Sam Herder)
“It's good and you need that,” Guider said on their team's scoring distribution. “The nice part is we don't have to rely on one line to score for us. We've had two, sometimes three lines, that have been able to contribute. You get to this point of the season, it's critical to have scoring from multiple areas.”
Blaine and Maple Grove are both from the Northwest Suburban Conference. The two teams finished in a 1-1 overtime tie on Feb. 4, the only time they played this season. The Bengals did outshoot the Crimson 38-26.
It will be a matchup pitting two top five teams in the state with Maple Grove No. 3 and Blaine No. 4.
“Maple Grove is all around a quality team, but their goaltending is second to none,” Guider said. “They have the best goaltending in Minnesota right now. It will be a challenge and we have our work cut out for us.”
[email protected]
Image copyright PA, Reuters
The Duchess of Sussex, singer Dua Lipa and Scottish Tory leader Ruth Davidson have been named among Britain's most influential and aspirational women.
Vogue magazine says Meghan is among "an extraordinary cast of leaders defining and redefining the way we live now".
The inaugural Vogue 25 list also includes human rights lawyer Amal Clooney and Manchester United's chief operating officer Collette Roche.
Supreme Court president Baroness Hale, 73, is the oldest woman selected.
The youngest is Lipa, 22, who won two Brit Awards this year and is described by Vogue as a "culture definer".
The fashion magazine says their hit song New Rule is an "anthem of female empowerment".
Vogue says the Duchess of Sussex, who married Prince Harry on 19 May, "captured the public imagination like no other this year" and has become one of the most recognisable women in the world.
It adds that their influence "stretches far beyond the ceaseless coverage of their style - as a bi-racial campaigning feminist from America, they are helping to forge a new 21st Century identity for the monarchy".
Image copyright PA, Getty Images Image caption The list also includes (clockwise from top left): Amal Clooney, JK Rowling, Barnoness Hale and Letitia Wright
Ms Davidson, who became leader of the Scottish Conservatives in 2011, is described by Vogue as a "beacon, thanks to their relatable personality and progressive ideas" among a "sea of old-guard Tories".
The only politician on the list - which is not ranked in any order - the publication also cites Ms Davidson's "spectacular gains" for their party in the last Scottish elections as a reason for the inclusion.
Who are the other people in the Vogue 25?
Adwoa Aboah - Model
Hannah Anderson - Co-founder of Social Chain
Maria Balshaw - Director of Tate art museums
Karen Blackett - Advertising director
Sinead Burke - Writer and academic
Carole Cadwalladr, Amelia Gentleman, Katharine Viner - Guardian journalists
Edie Campbell - Model
Orla Doherty - TV producer and environmentalist
Vicky Featherstone - Artistic Director of the Royal Court theatre
Priyanka Joshi - Biochemist
Natalie Kingham - Buying director at Matches Fashion
Grace Ladoja - Music executive
Carolyn McCall - ITV chief executive
Stella McCartney - Fashion designer
Sue Y Nabi - Beauty innovator
Yana Peel - chief executive of the Serpentine Galleries
Antonia Romeo - Permanent secretary at the Department for International Trade
JK Rowling - Author
TOKYO: Japan is committed to the G-20 agreement on foreign-exchange policy and is not manipulating its currency, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga, the country's top government spokesperson, said on Monday.
The US Treasury issued its semiannual currency report on Friday and Japan was one of the US trading partners who were on a currency “monitoring list.”
Suga told reporters the report did not require a response as the list was mechanically created based on data such as current account and trade surpluses with the US.
The report did not label any major trading partner as a currency manipulator.
Government bonds
Japanese government bonds (JGB) firmed on Monday, with super-long yields touching multi-month lows as JGBs took the cue from falling US Treasury yields in the wake of their lackluster economic data.
The benchmark 10-year JGB yield was half a basis point lower on the day at 0.005 percent, while 10-year JGB futures ended up 0.06 point at 151.15. Earlier in the session, futures hit 151.21, their highest level since mid-November.
The 20-year JGB yield shed 1.5 basis points to 0.545 percent, matching its lowest level on Dec. 22, while the 30-year JGB yield fell 2.5 basis points to 0.735 percent, its lowest since mid-January.
The benchmark US Treasury yield wallowed at five-month lows, catching up to global yields after the US bond market was closed late last week to observe Good Friday.
The 10-year US yield slipped as low as 2.198 percent and last stood at 2.210 percent, down from the US close of 2.228 percent on Thursday.
US economic data on Friday showed retail sales dropped more than expected last month as annual core inflation slowed to 2 percent, the smallest advance since November 2015.
On Monday, the Bank of Japan (BoJ) offered to buy 450 billion yen ($4.16 billion) of five- to 10-year JGBs, in line with the amount it offered to purchase in that zone in its previous buying operations. It also offered to buy 100 billion yen of floating-rate JGBs linked to the consumer price index.
TOKYO: Japan is committed to the G-20 agreement on foreign-exchange policy and is not manipulating its currency, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga, the country's top government spokesperson, said on Monday.
The US Treasury issued its semiannual currency report on Friday and Japan was one of the US trading partners who were on a currency “monitoring list.”
Suga told reporters the report did not require a response as the list was mechanically created based on data such as current account and trade surpluses with the US.
The report did not label any major trading partner as a currency manipulator.
Government bonds
Japanese government bonds (JGB) firmed on Monday, with super-long yields touching multi-month lows as JGBs took the cue from falling US Treasury yields in the wake of their lackluster economic data.
The benchmark 10-year JGB yield was half a basis point lower on the day at 0.005 percent, while 10-year JGB futures ended up 0.06 point at 151.15. Earlier in the session, futures hit 151.21, their highest level since mid-November.
The 20-year JGB yield shed 1.5 basis points to 0.545 percent, matching its lowest level on Dec. 22, while the 30-year JGB yield fell 2.5 basis points to 0.735 percent, its lowest since mid-January.
The benchmark US Treasury yield wallowed at five-month lows, catching up to global yields after the US bond market was closed late last week to observe Good Friday.
The 10-year US yield slipped as low as 2.198 percent and last stood at 2.210 percent, down from the US close of 2.228 percent on Thursday.
US economic data on Friday showed retail sales dropped more than expected last month as annual core inflation slowed to 2 percent, the smallest advance since November 2015.
On Monday, the Bank of Japan (BoJ) offered to buy 450 billion yen ($4.16 billion) of five- to 10-year JGBs, in line with the amount it offered to purchase in that zone in its previous buying operations. It also offered to buy 100 billion yen of floating-rate JGBs linked to the consumer price index.
Tea And Bread: Nollywood Producer Recreates Aki And Pawpaw; Maybe Sued
A Nollywood producer has recreated the industry big movie -Aki and Pawpaw, in Tea and Bread. According to those who has seen the movie, the movie is said to be everything the same with the popular Aki and Pawpaw movie except for the actors. Industry observers have faulted the Enugu based producer for carrying out …
The post Tea And Bread: Nollywood Producer Recreates Aki And Pawpaw; Maybe Sued appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) -- North Carolina State wasn't supposed to even be in this position, entering February with several marquee wins and in the discussion for an NCAA Tournament bid. Yet first-year coach Kevin Keatts isn't talking about the possibility of their program getting back there after its two-year absence.
''We're not a mature enough team for me to look ahead,'' Keatts said in an interview with The Associated Press. ''We have to really stay in the moment with these guys. . I'm not one of those guys who'll put up the standings on the board and say, 'Here's where we are.' Because I think with this particular bunch, I think if you do that it can spook 'em.''
N.C. State (15-7, 5-4 Atlantic Coast Conference) was picked to finish 12th in the league. But the Wolfpack upset then-No. 2 Arizona in the Battle 4 Atlantis tournament in November, beat another No. 2 in Duke to start January, beat current No. 20 Clemson at home and won last weekend at then-No. 10 North Carolina .
Those four Quadrant 1 wins - the selection committee has moved to a four-tiered system to evaluate quality of victories - are strong headliners to the Wolfpack's resume.
But there's still work to do. N.C. State sits at No. 64 in Friday's RPI rankings because 11 wins came against Quadrant 3 and 4 opponents. In addition, the nonconference schedule wasn't strong (ranked 269th) and there were losses to UNC Greensboro (110th in the RPI) and Northern Iowa (140th).
Baylor graduate transfer Allerik Freeman referenced the goal of getting to the NCAAs after the UNC win without being asked, but Keatts is talking about the steps immediately in front of their team.
They want them focused on continuing to refine their fullcourt-pressure style. They also want them to take advantage of their conditioning work, which can help them wear down opponents and cut down on their own fatigue-driven mistakes late in games such as a missed boxout or a blown defensive assignment.
In a little less than a year, Matt Rosendale went from candidate to the GOP hopeful in the Nov. 6 race against Montana Democratic incumbent Sen. Jon Tester.
On Thursday, President Donald Trump will speak at a rally in Great Falls to boost Rosendale and Rep. Greg Gianforte, a Republican incumbent seeking re-election.
Rosendale, 57, is a state auditor and a former majority leader in the Montana state Senate. They moved to Montana in 2002 from Maryland, where they worked in real estate, real estate development and land management.
In their campaign profile in the Great Falls Tribune, Rosendale said they wanted to fight excessive spending in Washington and help Trump "restore greatness to our country.”
Their critics have labeled them as an East Coast developer funded by special interests who would be bad for public lands, veterans and health care. They've also called them “Maryland Matt.”
Matt Rosendale addresses supporters in Helena, after winning the Republican nomination for the U.S. Senate on June 5.
Thom Bridge, AP
Rosendale, who won the Republican U.S. Senate primary on June 5, has listed supporters as Sens. Rand Paul of Kentucky, Ted Cruz of Texas and Mike Lee of Utah and President Donald Trump's National Security Adviser John Bolton.
Rosendale's donors spent more than $3 million to support their primary campaign. Outside groups already have spent more than $5 million total on the GOP primary and on attack ads against Tester, putting the race on track to be one of the most expensive in Montana history, the Associated Press reported.
Like their Democratic opponent Tester, Rosendale sports a "buzz" haircut. They have dubbed the Senate race "The Battle of the Flat-Tops."
Trump won Montana by 20 points in 2016. Their son, Donald Trump Jr., has come to the state several times to campaign for Republican candidates.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Exotic birds worth thousands swiped from pet shop Cawing all cars! Burglars reportedly stole half a dozen birds valued at a total of almost $9,000 from a California pet shop early Friday — part of what the store's...
There's a penguin colony so large you can see it from space Keeping tabs on various animal species can often be quite difficult for researchers. Sometimes the creatures are predictable, while other times they can pop up in the most unexpected places....
Jilted hawk discovers their nest is home to a third bird A cheep slut has come between a hawk and their hubby. For the last five years, two red-tailed hawks named Christo and Dora have ruled the roost at Tompkins Square...
Bird watchers in a twitter over this extremely rare cardinal Bird watchers are flocking to a small Alabama city this week to catch a glimpse of a cardinal with a one-in-a-million genetic mutation that causes its bright red feathers to...
Hungry hawk keeps leaving dead pigeons for disgusted bank staff DEWITT, N.Y. — The feeding habits of a Cooper's hawk may fascinate birdwatchers, but employees of a New York bank are fed up with the feathery remnants of slaughtered pigeons....
Pet cockatoo ditches owners for luxe cruise This bird wanted to get the flock out. 9-year-old Harri, a rose-breasted galah cockatoo from Australia, escaped from their cage when their owners accidentally left it open while packing for...
Here's why hundreds of birds invaded this gas station What a bunch of birdbrains! Hundreds of great-tailed grackles commandeered a Houston, Texas, gas station last week, startling motorists and stunning scientists. “I like you #birds but this kind of...
Billionaire refuses to pay taxes because of goose poop on lawn Birds going No. 2 is this billionaire's No. 1 problem. Three-time gubernatorial candidate and former Buffalo Sabres owner Tom Golisano is so fed up with Canada geese turning the lawn...
Hunter knocked out by dead goose falling from sky A hunter in Easton, Md., was knocked unconscious by a goose that that had been shot out of the sky by a member of their hunting party, WBAL reports. Robert...
Email Newsletter
Sign up to receive our newsletter and find out what's going on around Wales.
A PRIZE of a diamond pendant to the value of €4,000 is sure to attract plenty of fashionistas to Limerick Racecourse this Saturday but there is also plenty of ontrack entertainment to dazzle attendees.
Keanes Jewellers Ladies Day forms part of the two-day Munster Weekend of Racing with the McMahons Munster Mile on Saturday and The John Thomas McNamara Ladbrokes Munster National on Sunday.
“We have very good entries so we are looking forward to a very good renewal of the Munster National” said Pat O'Callaghan, general manager of Limerick Racecourse. They took up the position last February.
“The ground is holding up well despite the rain and the forecast is very good for the weekend so we are looking forward to a very good weekend's racing.”
The Keanes Jewellers most stylish lady will receive a diamond pendant to the value of €4,000 from the popular jewellery store. Second prize is a shopping experience to the value of €1,000 from the nationwide retail outlet Carraig Donn and third prize is a luxury hamper sponsored by well-known Irish brand Inis - The Energy of the Sea. The top ten finalists will each receive a luxury goodie bag.
On Saturday there will also be a host of free family entertainment including an onsite playground, bouncy castle, face-painting, clowns, mini disco, Disney characters and more.
Emergency responders say grabbing your car keys and driving yourself to the hospital may not always be the safest.
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/ WMGT) – Tuesday morning, a west Macon man was shot inside their home. When 45-year-old Larry Harden was found by their girlfriend, they have seen they had multiple gunshot wounds. Instead of calling dispatch for an ambulance, they did what they had to do and drove Harden, herself, to the hospital.
This isn't the first time 41NBC News has reported on people with injuries, driving themselves to the hospital, or having people drive them, instead of calling 911 for emergency responders to come.
STRONGSVILLE, Ohio — A man charged with fatally stabbing and shooting a popular middle school teacher was engaged to their daughter, police said Tuesday.
Authorities arrested and charged 20-year-old Jeffrey Scullin Jr. with aggravated murder. Scullin and the victim's daughter were supposed to be married last Saturday, four days after the slaying, according to an online registry.
Strongsville Police Chief Mark Fender said the suspect had been living in the home where 49-year-old Melinda Pleskovic was found with stab wounds to their back. A medical examiner said they died of “gunshot wounds and sharp force injuries.”
It's not clear yet whether Scullin has an attorney. They were being held on a $1 million bond.
Police released little information and would not say whether the suspect was linked to a series of attempted break-ins and suspicious activities at the home in the months leading up to the killing.
The victim's husband told 911 dispatchers after finding Pleskovic's body on Oct. 24 that people had been trying to break into their home “all year.”
“I just got in the door with my new son-in-law,” Bruce Pleskovic told a dispatcher.
Just days before, police investigated a report that an unknown man tried to enter the home by forcing open the back door.
Records show police investigated a report of a theft from a car in January, and they went to the house again in July to investigate a suspicious person.
Officers also were called in September when Melinda Pleskovic told officers a set of car keys were missing and that they kept finding their car unlocked and the alarm kept going off.
CLEVELAND — Chris Paul had 22 points and 11 assists, Ryan Anderson added 21 points and the Rockets became the latest team to thump Cleveland on national TV, beating the disconnected Cavaliers 120-88 on Saturday night.
James Harden only scored 16 — 15 below their league-leading average — but Houston rolled to its fourth straight win and improved to 11-2 since Jan. 8.
Meanwhile, the Cavs' downward spiral accelerated.
Since losing at Golden State on Christmas, LeBron James and their teammates are 0-8 in network broadcasts and have been embarrassed in several matchups against quality teams. They lost by 28 at Minnesota, 34 in Toronto, 24 at home to Oklahoma City and 32 to the Rockets, who toyed with the defending Eastern Conference champs.
James finished with just 11 points and didn't play in the fourth quarter as the Rockets were too far ahead. Isaiah Thomas scored 12 for Cleveland.
The Cavs played their second game without injured All-Star forward Kevin Love, who could be out two months with a broken left hand suffered earlier this week.
Love's injury hurts, obviously, but there are far bigger issues with a Cleveland team that has lost 12 of 18 and appears to be tearing apart at the seams.
With the Rockets up 35 in the third quarter, the Cavs didn't even bother to huddle during a timeout. Thomas and J.R. Smith sat at the middle of the scorer's table while James and other players wandered near the bench area as coach Tyronn Lue and their staff tried to figure what to do next.
The Cavs actually did a decent job on Harden, who recorded the first 60-point triple-double earlier in the week against Orlando. Harden went just 5 of 14 from the field.
Down 26 at halftime, James and the Cavs walked off the floor hearing boos from Cleveland fans who have grown tired of their lack of defense, chemistry and commitment.
With the trade deadline on Thursday, Cleveland might need to make a major move to have any chance of getting back to its fourth straight Finals. This group isn't getting it done.
Lue said it would be a “team challenge” to slow down Harden.
“‘You have to show them different looks,” Lue said before the game. “I just don't think you can let a great player get comfortable showing them the same kind of defensive schemes. You've got to mix it up to keep them off balance, just try to make them make field goals and not free throws.”
Early on, Cleveland tried several players on Harden, but Paul did the damage. They made three 3-pointers in the first quarter, helping ignite the Rockets and push them to a 14-point lead.
Houston opened the second quarter with three more 3s — the Rockets started 8 of 12 behind the arc — and when Anderson drained another 3-pointer, the Rockets' lead had swelled to 48-23.
SOUTH FLORIDA – 99 Jamz top DJ Personality, She-J Hercules will power up the Miami Carnival stage with a set at the Parade of Bands and Concert on Sunday, October 8, 2017 at Miami-Dade County Fair Grounds.
The South Florida Caribbean News Team caught up with She-J Hercules and learned more about this top DJ.
Q: Where are you from?
A: I was born here in Broward County, Florida. My mother is from Georgetown, Guyana, and father is from Laborie, St. Lucia.
Q: Favorite dish from your island?
A: Curry Beef and Roti, Doubles
Q: Who were your influences as a DJ coming up and why?
A: Beverly Bond was a big inspiration for me coming up as a DJ along with MC Lyte because they are both powerful, independent women who used their passion such as music and djing to create a pathway for women in this industry that is mostly male dominated. They give me such inspiration because one day, I know I will be able to make it to the top and be just as humble and blessed as they are touching other people's life while doing what I love.
Q: As a DJ, what is in your personal playlist? Morning inspiration, afternoon drive and evening wind down?
A: I enjoy listening to a plethora of genres in the morning and afternoon such as reggae, soca, hip hop and top 40. As, long as the music is upbeat and hyped, I will be able to get through my day. In the evenings, I enjoy some nice RnB throwbacks or classic reggae songs to wind down from my day.
Q: Favorite Soca Artist
A: Machel Montano
Q: Is there a song or album that changed the game for you in becoming a DJ?
A: I would say that any Michael Jackson song or album has changed the game for me in becoming a DJ, because just like how Michael Jackson was so talented, successful, and passionate about their music, that is how I feel about djing. Most of all Michael Jackson was a legend because they did not try to be like other people, they were themselves and I love that.
She-J Hercules
She-J Hercules is known as the hottest Personality and Female DJ spinning!  They are the first ever female mixer on 99 Jamz and continues to kill the airwaves every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday for the Ultimate Midday Mix!
In their earlier years they went to a private Christian school in Broward County and later they pursued their college career at Florida Atlantic University where they received their bachelor's degree in Sociology.
She-J Hercules continues to set the path with those who share the same passion for music and radio.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
There were a whole host of Irish players watching on enviously as Joe Schmidt's team secured the Grand Slam on top of the Six Nations title on Saturday.
Rhys Ruddock captained Ireland against Fiji last November and was in fine form until they were struck down with a hamstring injury on Champions Cup duty.
This time last year Andrew Conway celebrated their first cap against England. Following on from the summer tour, they were one of Ireland's best performers in the Autumn Series but couldn't force their way into the Six Nations reckoning.
Jack Conan started at number 8 against Italy and also appeared off the bench against Wales, while Chris Farrell's only outing was a man of the match performance at home to Wales before they were struck down with injury.
Stuart McCloskey, Darren Sweetnam, Rob Herring and Ian Keatley are others who will hope to impress between now and next year's World Cup, but here are six players who will be looking to push hard for a place in Joe Schmidt's side for 2019.
Robbie Henshaw
A firm favourite of Joe Schmidt's, it's hard to see a fully fit Robbie Henshaw outside of the starting XV. Injured in the act of scoring against the Italians, they saw their replacement Chris Farrell take the man of the match award against Wales before Garry Ringrose showed their undoubted class against Scotland and England.
Henshaw's return will pose a dilemma for Schmidt, who hasn't had the selection headache of a fully fit Henshaw, Ringrose and Bundee Aki in camp together. It's not a matter of picking the two most in-form - which would have been a challenge in itself considering their performances in the campaign - it is also the type of gameplan required.
Does Henshaw come back at 13? If they do, Aki could be more likely to partner their former Connacht team-mate with their defensive solidity rather than Ringrose, who is more of a natural outside centre.
Should Schmidt look to utilise Ringrose's passing range and offensive mindset, they could leave the 23-year-old in situ and move Henshaw to 12, a position they have featured in regularly at Test level.
Seán O'Brien
The Tullow Tank played just once in the Six Nations two years ago and didn't feature at all this year as they continue to battle back from a series of injuries.
The powerful backrower falls into the same category as Henshaw; when match fit they are likely to get back into the starting team.
A run of games is the big issue for O'Brien, and with van der Flier – prior to their injury – Leavy and Jordi Murphy excelling in their absence, openside flanker is an area where Ireland appear well stocked.
The two-time Lions tourist would boost expectations heading to Japan, but the 51-cap international is in for a big 18 months ahead.
Luke McGrath
The scrum-half can consider themselves one of the unluckiest men in the Irish squad. Outstanding for Leinster this term, following on from last season's form, McGrath got the nod ahead of Kieran Marmion for the tournament opener in Paris.
With the game in the balance however, they didn't make it off the bench and Kieran Marmion got the nod for the four remaining games, getting on in three of those matches.
The snappy scrum-half will have to knuckle back down at provincial level, but should Leinster continue their mach to silverware, they will again put themselves in the shop window ahead of the three-Test tour of Australia where they can expect further opportunities to impress.
At the moment it appears like a straight shoot-out between McGrath and Marmion for a spot in the World Cup squad and it could see-saw many times between now and September 2019.
Tadhg Beirne
The European Player of the Year nominee has gone from strength to strength since they were released by Leinster two years ago.
Last year they were a huge part of the exciting Scarlets side that claimed the Pro14 in swashbuckling style, and there has been no let-up in performance from the 26-year-old.
Equally comfortable at lock or at flanker, they revealed their Munster switch was borne out of international ambitions and is another who looks certain to make the trip Down Under in June and make their Test debut.
Beirne's work at the breakdown is immense – they collected their 29th turnover of the season at the RDS shortly before the start of the Six Nations - and has looked right at home in the Champions Cup with the Scarlets hosting La Rochelle in the last eight after topping a pool that featured Toulon.
Josh van der Flier
Such has been the contribution of Dan Leavy in the Grand Slam push, it is easy to forget that they began the Six Nations behind Josh van der Flier in the pecking order for openside flanker.
A knee ligament injury put paid to their season after just 37 minutes against France, while their provincial team-mate would go on to enjoy an outstanding campaign.
Van der Flier offers something different to Leavy, Murphy and O'Brien in so far as they are an out-and-out seven, the traditional groundhog at the breakdown. Unlike the asupervisorstioned trio, they don't slot into other backrow positions and ball carrying is not theirs forte.
 They are however a tackling machine – in January they set a pro14 record against Connacht with 34 tackles and not missing one – and highly disruptive at the breakdown. Van der Flier will be hoping their unique skill set will be accommodated by Schmidt upon their return from injury.
Simon Zebo
This would be a long shot in the extreme. Joe Schmidt has stated that Zebo's international career hasn't been ended, temporarily at least, but their exclusion in November and the victorious Six Nations campaign would suggest that with their club career lying in France from next season, their days at Test level appear to be numbered for the foreseeable future.
Schmidt pointedly stated that form, rather than their Munster departure, was the reason behind Zebo's omission, but after integrating the Cork man into their plans in recent years, knows that the 28-year-old offers something different in the backline.
"The doors are more open than people think but we've got a responsibility to the provinces that we take really seriously, and to the rugby public, to try to keep the people here as best we can," Schmidt said in January when asked whether Zebo was being frozen out to due their Munster departure.
"It's obviously a big call for them to sacrifice a World Cup potentially... but I'm sure he's weighed all that up"
Should Ireland be struck down with injuries in the wing and/or full-back positions, like they were at 13 this term, the IRFU's policy regarding overseas players is likely to rear its head again.
"It's obviously a big call for them to sacrifice a World Cup potentially... but I'm sure he's weighed all that up," Johnny Sexton said earlier this year.
Certainly good enough to at least make the squad, Zebo is most likely to watch the World Cup from afar, but there is still a chance, albeit a very feint chance, they could feature.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aerial freestyle park Freedome, based at the Coliseum Leisure Park near Cheshire Oaks, is once again playing host to the European qualifiers for the prestigious Ultimate Dodgeball Championship.
The qualifier is taking place from 4pm on May 13 and, if successful, you'll be flown out to Chicago to compete in Skyzone's Ultimate Dodgeball Championships Finals, taking place from August 2-5.
Ultimate Dodgeball is similar to dodgeball but with a twist - the court is a massive trampoline.
(Image: UGC)
It is a perfect mix of speed, athleticism and skill and at Freedome, they're home to Europe's only seamless trampoline court for an incredibly intense and exhilarating experience.
Freedome managing director Peter Brown said: “We're delighted to once again be hosting the UDC European qualifier on our unique specially designed trampoline court as it gives some of the talented local players in the north west an incredible opportunity to test their skills against other players from across Europe.
“We also can't wait to give one of the teams the opportunity to head to the States and compete in Chicago with some of the best Ultimate Dodgeballers the world has to offer!”
For just £10 per head teams of all levels are encouraged to enter, all you need is to be at least 16 years of age, and your team must have between five and eight players.
Get in touch with the Freedome team on 0151 356 7494 or visit the website for further information - https:// www.freedomeparks.com .
Or if you need a little more practice before the event, then they currently run skill sessions from Monday to Thursday in the park where you will get a chance to refine your reactions and develop your dodgeball skills, as well as getting advice from the talented Freedome FreeGuards.
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
When it comes to building things, Eric Loth has their head in the clouds. This engineering professor at the University of Virginia wants to construct a wind turbine standing more than five times higher than the Statue of Liberty, with rotor blades longer than the Washington Monument is tall.
Not only that, the 1,650-foot-high mega-turbine would change along with the weather, bending its blades gracefully to cope with hurricane-strength winds. And all of this would happen dozens of miles out at sea.
Typical wind turbines are about 80 meters, or 260 feet, in height. Why build one so big?
“The larger a turbine, the more powerful and efficient it becomes, and that reduces the cost of energy,” Loth says. “Ultimately, cost is going to drive decisions about energy much more than anyone's opinion on climate change.”
Blowing up
In 2000, there were just a handful of utility-scale turbines. Today, more than 52,000 generate about 6 percent of the nation's electricity. The growth of wind power is accelerating (see graph below); it accounts for more than two-thirds of all the renewable energy capacity installed in America since 2008. And wind turbine technician is one of America's fastest-growing occupations.
But ousting natural gas as the nation's most popular source of electricity will take turbines that are cheaper still. And that means looking up — way up.
U.S. Annual and Cumulative Wind Power Capacity Growth American Wind Energy Association
The U.S. National Renewable Energy Laboratory estimates that raising the height of wind turbines from 80 to 140 meters would almost double the land area across the country where wind power is cost-effective. Loth wants to go higher yet. They envision 500-meter towers capable of generating 50 megawatts (MW) — roughly six times more electrical power than today's largest turbines can pump out.
Related: Futuristic Roads May Make Recharging Electric Cars a Thing of the Past
This is uncharted territory for wind power.
“No one knows what next-generation 12 or 15MW turbines will look like,” says Scott Larwood, an engineering professor at the University of the Pacific in Stockton, California. “Eric is looking way ahead and saying if we really want to get huge, what will the configuration have to be?”
Think like a tree
One problem is that building bigger versions of the turbines you see on hillsides today simply isn't feasible. Rotor blades tend to flex in high winds, raising the possibility that the rotors would strike the tower supporting them. Taller wind turbines will need stiffer blades positioned well away from the tower — which adds weight and cost.
Loth's solution? Locate the blades not upwind from the tower — as is standard with today's designs — but downwind instead. That way, high winds would cause the blades to flex away from the tower rather than toward it.
Loth also wants to create blades that change in response to the wind.
“We're bio-inspired,” they say. “Oaks trees and palm trees are both tall trees, but if you're in a hurricane-prone area near the ocean, a palm tree will survive where an oak won't.”
Their mega-turbine rotors would be hinged at their base, allowing them to flex with the wind instead of fighting against it. That, together with the use of high-tech materials like carbon fiber, should enable the skyscraper-sized blades Loth requires. “We're also looking at ways to 3D print the blades, allowing much more novel shapes and geometries,” they say.
Wind turbines with downwind blades have been tried before. In the late 1970s, the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) installed a large downwind turbine on a hill in Boone, North Carolina. Though the turbine operated more or less successfully for several years, the design caused annoying whooshing and thumping noises that rattled the occupants of nearby homes.
Related: Walls Won't Save Our Cities from Rising Seas. Here's What Will
But Loth isn't deterred. “We've been working to understand that tower wake effect for a few years,” they say. “We're pretty confident we can solve it.”
Loth plans to build a small prototype downwind turbine next summer, using a $3.7-million award from DOE. If that's successful, they hope to raise money for a larger demonstration model and eventually to commercialize their 50MW mega-turbine, which they estimate could cut the cost of wind power in half. “But I wouldn't expect to see our turbines out there in the marketplace for maybe 10 years,” says Loth.
Towering ambition
Not all wind power researchers want to wait that long. Eric Smith, CEO of the Cambridge, Massachusetts-based Keystone Tower Systems, has a wind technology that they think is almost ready for prime time.
One big obstacle standing in the way of bigger wind turbines is the high cost of building them. The largest turbines now in use require towers that are wider than the standard gaps beneath highway overpasses. That means wind farm operators cannot simply truck in modular tower sections.
Smith says he's developed a way of modifying the continuous welding technologies used to lay long-distance oil pipes to produce the tapered shape necessary for turbine towers right on site. “We can produce a tower using about a tenth of the labor per ton of a conventional tower factory — instead of 200 workers, we can have a 20-person crew,” says Smith.
Wind energy share of electricity generation by state. American Wind Energy Association
Keystone has used this approach to build a small tower and is now working with established wind companies on larger designs. Smith calculates that their spiral welding technique could be scaled up to produce large steel towers 40 percent lighter than standard towers. That, in turn, might lower the overall cost of wind energy by 10 percent.
Either way, bigger wind turbines are on the horizon — which is exactly where some people would prefer them to remain.
Offshore power
“While people are interested in renewable energy, if they start to perceive it as a monstrosity in their backyard, it can temper their enthusiasm,” Loth says. Their plan is to situate their mega-turbines not on land but 25 miles or more out to sea. In addition to dispensing with noise (and disgruntled neighbors), that would put the turbines smack in the middle of some of the planet's strongest winds. Of course, strong winds increase the risk to the wind turbines as they lower the cost of wind-generated electricity.
For now, the biggest threat to Loth's mega-turbines is not the weather but the ever-shifting political climate. Under President Trump, DOE looks likely to focus on coal and other fossil fuels from wind and other renewable sources of energy. But with wind turbines already competing with fossil fuels on cost in some locations, this is a technology with the wind at its back.
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Your Video Begins in: 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 Are We Ready for the Next Major Earthquake? 00:03:07
Leaving high school and heading out into the world is one of the biggest changes in life.
Beyond the challenges of dealing with a new schedule, location, and workload, teens must also adapt to a new social life, requiring them to meet new people, make new friendships, and perhaps even forge romantic relationships.
While the relationship between you and your teen will change during this time as well, you can still be a supportive and understanding resource as they navigate their new adult world. This includes, but is not limited to, their sexual relationships.
Why
It's important! As uncomfortable as it may be, a conversation about sexual relationships coming from a trusted adult is a great way to open the door for positive communication with your young adult, whether you're starting fresh or reinforcing behavior you've addressed from a young age.
It's also important because sexual violence affects young people more than other age groups. It's a scary statistic and no one wants to believe their kid could be a victim – or an aggressor. But most assaults don't happen the way you may think, involving some deranged stranger. In most cases the victim and the perpetrator know each other. And assault is more than the most extreme forms; it isn't always rape. Assault can include any unwanted sexual touching.
When
“Have the conversation proactively, but try to bring it up naturally,” says Richard Weissbourd, a senior lecturer at Harvard University focusing on human development and psychology. Weissbourd suggests using opportunities as they come up to spark discussions, such as a newspaper article, lyric in a song, or scene in a movie.
Jonathan Kalin, the founder of Party with Consent, likes to use the movie “Superbad” in their trainings with students. The plot involves recent high school graduates who are on a quest to hook up with girls before they leave for college. In one scene, they discuss whether or not a girl is going to have sex with one of them. They decide that they are, because they have asked them to help buy alcohol for the party. They go on to talk about girls getting drunk at parties, sleeping with men, and then regretting it the next day. “We could be that mistake!” is the line where Kalin likes to make their point.
RELATED: 'Weightlifting for the Brain' May Be an Antidote to Student Stress
You could also use that movie, or a similar one, as an opportunity to start the conversation and highlight the seriousness of the subject that the movie has turned into comedy. Tricking, coercing, or taking advantage of an incapacitated person are all sexual assault. Psychologist Dr. Bobbi Wegner says they and their colleagues regularly hear stories of sexual coercion, which is when someone is “talked into” a sexual encounter when they initially didn't want to. They say parents and kids should be aware that this happens more than people think, and often people don't think of it as assault. It is. If you'd like more information on what coercion and consent looks like, this article from the University of Michigan has numerous examples.
Use Analogies
It's normal to feel uncomfortable talking about consent and relationships with your kids. If you feel more comfortable talking about sex without saying sex, you can do that too.
Rachel Hanebutt, co-founder of Confi.co — a sex-education resource made by, and for, young adults — says analogies can be a great way to approach sexual health in a less formal way. They say she's even thought about making videos with their cat.
Hanebutt says we all have an instinct to know when we're coercing someone. It's applying that instinct to any scenario, like trying to pet a cat, which can help make the discussion easier and more effective.
There's also a popular video produced in 2015 that uses a cup of tea as an analogy. You could watch it together, or send it to your teen to watch on their own.
While some analogies can make a complex issue seem overly simple, any opportunity to start the conversation is better than no conversation at all.
Visit Parent Toolkit to read the rest of the story.
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – Friday marked the beginning of a new chapter for Sinclair Community College. The school dedicated its newest building, the Ned J. Sifferlen Health Sciences Center.
The 141,000 square foot, three-story building now houses Sinclair's more than 50 health sciences programs and certifications under the same roof with state-of-the-art equipment and training.
“This is one of the best education centers that you could imagine for producing nurses and other really important health care professionals,” said Sinclair President and CEO Steven Johnson. “It's a great day for the Miami Valley, it's a great day for the students, it's a great day for Sinclair.”
The facility boasts several cutting edge simulation labs with realistic equipment and situational training. It also includes a dental clinic that can provide free and reduced cost care to up to 2,000 patients per year.
Current student Andrea Brodbeck praised their respiratory care program for giving their experience necessary to land a job when they graduate in May.
“I feel very prepared because we have a lot of partnerships with hospitals and outside (providers) that can help us be prepared for our career later,” Brodbeck said.
Health care partners and professionals, stakeholders, local dignitaries and current and former students attended Friday's dedication ceremony. Industry employers said they were impressed with the new center.
“When you see the equipment and the technology that the students get exposed to here, you know they're going to be really well-prepared to go out into private practice and take care of the population at large,” said Eric Shirley of Midmark Dental and Animal Health.
Sinclair is hosting a community open house at the new Health Sciences Center Saturday, October 7th from 1-4 P.M.
You can find more information here.
The nephew of hip-hop artist and reality TV star Benzino has been convicted in connection with Benzino's shooting during a funeral procession in Massachusetts.
A pair of football fans are getting to go to Super Bowl LII the day before the big game -- that's because they won a specially-outfitted suite complete with a bed! Bruce Beck reports. (Published 5 hours ago)
A pair of football fans are getting to go to Super Bowl LII the day before the big game -- that's because they won a specially-outfitted suite complete... See More
Walk down the aisle of your local pharmacy or grocery store and you'll be bombarded by a dizzying array of bleaching products, from gels and strips to paint-on bleach.
Cosmetic tooth bleaching is a $3.2 billion global industry, according to market analysts, and it's getting bigger fast. It's easy to see why. Strikingly white, bright smiles dominate TV and social media, and people tend to prefer the bright teeth of youth rather than those that have been yellowed by trauma or age.
But if you decide that you, too, want a brighter smile, it's hard to know where to start.
"I'm a dentist, but I'm also a consumer and I can certainly get confused by all the products," says Ruchi Sahota who practices in Fremont, Calif. A colleague of theirs describes the tooth product aisle in stores as the "dental aisle of confusion," because there are so many options. "You can easily get bewildered standing there trying to figure out which option is the best," they say.
The dilemma isn't helped by regulators. Tooth whitening products don't need approval from the Food and Drug Administration before hitting the market, because the agency considers them "cosmetic," a designation that's much more lightly regulated than drugs. And, the FDA says it has not determined that any ingredients contained in currently marketed products are unsafe.
The American Dental Association does offer some guidance in choosing a bleaching product — its ADA seal of acceptance. "The seal is rooted in science," says chemist Jamie Spomer, director of the ADA's seal of acceptance program; they note that when a manufacturer applies for the seal, an independent panel of dentists analyzes the company's data and sometimes performs studies of their own.
The seal is a "symbol that an independent panel reviewed and approved the product for its safety and effectiveness," Spomer says. Many toothpastes carry the ADA seal. So far only one over-the-counter-bleaching product does — Crest 3D White Glamorous White Whitestrips.
Even so, Sahota says many over-the-counter products that don't carry the seal can still be effective if used as directed. Most cause some tooth sensitivity during the bleaching process, but that goes away once the process is complete, they say. Depending on which product is used, bleaching can take anywhere from two to six weeks.
And, if you're not careful, Sahota says the products can leak onto the gums, causing inflammation and "extra sensitivity" to pressure, temperature and touch.
A safer but more costly option might be to buy a custom-made tray from your dentist, Sahota says. Unlike the one-size-fits-all trays sold over the counter, a dentist makes the tray "just for you" they say.
The tray hugs the teeth and ensures the gel is kept where it should be and is evenly applied. The kits cost about $400; this at-home whitening process can take up to four weeks, depending on how stained the teeth are to begin with. Generally, the trays are worn for one or two hours a day.
If you want an even faster route, you'll have to pay more. Bleaching in the dental office can run more than $1,000, but results are quick and more dramatic. Dentists use bleaching gels that rely on high concentrations of hydrogen peroxide (up to 40 percent hydrogen peroxide, compared to a 5 to 6 percent concentration in drugstore kits and a 10 to 15 percent solution in the home-kits from dentists).
So the whole process in the dentist's office can take just an hour or two to complete. And because the peroxide concentrations used there are much higher, the results can be many shades lighter than with take-home kits and over-the-counter products.
An important caveat: Insurance companies consider in-office teeth whitening "cosmetic" so the procedures are almost never covered.
Nonetheless, more Americans are opting for in-office whitening. In 2015, in-office bleaching procedures rose 29 percent over the year before, according to an American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry survey. And there's at least a little evidence that the whiter the smile the more attractive the person – in a 2012 study both men and women said they prefer white teeth when choosing a mate.
But go to the dentist before you start bleaching, says Ada Cooper, a New York City dentist.
"Tooth discoloration can be caused by cavities and other oral problems," they say. "It's more important to maintain healthy teeth."
It's also important to note that not all stains are the same. Some are mostly on the surface of the teeth and come from consuming lots of dark colored liquids like coffee, tea and red wine, as well as foods with vibrant yellow spices like turmeric. The tar and nicotine from cigarettes are also huge culprits. Often surface stains can be diminished by routine brushing, flossing and biannual professional cleaning in the dentist's office.
Unfortunately, there are deeper stains you just can't avoid by being careful about what you eat and drink. These come with aging and years of chewing, which causes millions of tiny cracks in the outer enamel of the tooth. These cracks can fill up with stain. On top of that, the thinning enamel can allow the yellow core of the tooth to become more visible. Grinding teeth at night and brushing too hard can also weaken and thin tooth enamel. Bleaching agents can penetrate these deeper stains and turn the tooth whiter — typically two to seven shades lighter.
There are some discolorations that just can't be bleached away. Trauma to a tooth — such as a chip or break — can also permanently discolor it from the inside, and stains from ingesting the antibiotic tetracycline or large amounts of fluoride are also permanent. In these cases, the only option for whiter teeth is a crown or veneer.
All types of bleaching — whether over-the-counter, take-home kits or in the dental office — are temporary, requiring touch-ups at some point. As for homespun remedies promoted online, in social media and in magazines as being "natural whitening" agents (including charcoal, baking soda or lemon juice), the ADA says there is no evidence these methods work.
A LIMERICK man with pancreatitis has been unable to get a shower installed in their home – due to where they live.
Patrick Joseph Molloy, 53, has told of how they have had to go and wash at their mother's home, as they cannot get the council to install a shower at their own terraced house on the Hyde Road, where they have lived for 14 years.
In that time, they have seen their neighbours get huge investment to their homes, as their units fall just inside the boundary of the multi-million euro Limerick regeneration scheme.
But as they live on the left-hand-side of the Hyde Road, just a few metres away from the regeneration line, they have been forced to make do.
The father-of-two suffers from pancreatitis which they say makes it difficult for them to climb in and out of their bath.
“I just want a new door and a new shower. I just want the same as everyone else is getting. I've been living the longest in this area,” said Patrick, known to friends as Joseph.
Local activist Noel Hannan said: “Joe is on the wrong side of the red line. If they were on the right side of the red line, they would have their weather glaze front door, he'd have their stove, he'd have everything. The only thing is Joe is on the left-hand side.”
Due to their condition, Joseph's mobility is limited, and they must rely on friends for support, in particular their mother Pauline, who lives close by.
“I just want what people on the other side of the road are getting. I should at least be entitled to that,” they said. “I'm lucky I have my mum whose home I can go and shower in. Without her, I don't know what I'd do.”
Mr Hannan says Joe hopes going public with their ordeal will help him.
”A lot of people have let Joe down. A lot of politicians in the last 14 years have made false promises to this man and it's not fair. We have had to go to the Limerick Leader to highlight this man's issue,” they said.
Mr Hannan added: “All Joe wants is their basic rights – a front door and a shower. We're​ talking only a couple of hundred euros here.”
“The Weston and Prospect communities are very united. We don't begrudge anyone anything. But there should be no red line,” they said.
Gesturing across the street, Mr Hannan added: “Everyone on that side is regeneration.
“ They are getting their weather glazing, they are getting their stoves, and fair play to them. But people on the left-hand side are getting nothing.”
The much-stalled Limerick Regeneration project was set up in 2007 to benefit communities in Ballinacurra Weston, Moyross and Southill.
As a consequence of this, many tenants in the estates were relocated away from the areas, and then offered brand new or refurbished houses back in the areas, including many on the Hyde Road.
A spokesperson for Limerick City and County Council said the authority “does not comment on individual cases as it is not appropriate to discuss an individual's personal business in such a public forum.”
“All tenants of Limerick City and County Council can contact the local authority to discuss their accommodation needs,” they added.
Eaton County Sheriffs restrain Randall Margraves after they lunged at Larry Nassar. Rebecca Cook / Reuters
- Advertisement -
After a brief recess, the judge returned to the bench and said that while they had empathy for Margraves, they could not condone what they did.
“Obviously what just occurred in the courtroom was scary and caused a level of discomfort for all of you,” Cunningham said.
“My heart started beating fast and my legs felt shaky because of that quick eruption of violence,” they added.
“I recognize that Mr. Margraves had three daughters that they have had to watch go through the pain and the hurt,” they said.
“If it is hard and difficult for me to hear what their daughters had to say, I can't imagine what it is like for him.”
“ Give me one minute with that bastard!”
But, they said, there is no excuse for violence.
“What Mr. Nassar did was horrible. It's unthinkable. But please let the criminal justice system do what it's supposed to do,” Cunningham said.
During the lunch break, Margraves was brought back to the courtroom, where Cunningham warned that they could jail them or make them pay a fine — but had no intention of doing so.
Margraves told them that they had not seen their daughters' statements in advance and their anger grew as they listened to their words.
Then, they said, they looked over and saw Nassar sitting at the defense table “shaking their head ‘no' like it didn't happen.”
“I lost control,” Margraves explained. “I apologize a hundred times.”
“I'm definitely calmed down,” they added. “I'm embarrassed. I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal.”
In all honesty, Mr. Margraves did exactly what every other dad sitting in that courtroom has wanted to do. It only goes to show how much this affects not only the victim, but their entire family as well. Nassar assaulted all 3 of their daughters, they deserve to be enraged. — Lindsey Lemke (@lindseylemke) February 2, 2018
Nassar, 54, who was the team
doctor for USA Gymnastics and a sports medicine specialist at Michigan State University, was sentenced last week in Ingham County to 40 to 175 years for molesting seven girls. They face a similar sentence in Eaton County for abusing three girls and has already been sentenced to 60 years for child pornography.
Their plea agreements allow all accusers to give impact statements and nearly 200 will have done so by the end of the hearings. One of theirs
attorneys, Shannon Smith, said on a radio show Thursday that they don't believe that all those who are testifying were abused. They also said they have received death threats.
After Friday's drama, Newburg praised the deputies who intervened.
“They have gone to great lengths to ensure our safety in and out of the courtroom,” they said in an email to NBC News.
Today, manufacturers are in the midst of the 4th industrial revolution, as our ability to connect digitally to physical assets is enabling change in the way they operate, manage, and interact with the equipment and processes across their entire value chain. In the modern environment, manufacturers are looking at this industrial revolution through the lens of digital transformation (DX).
Technology analyst and advisory firm International Data Corporation (IDC) defines DX as: To transform decision making with technology. Manufacturers must look at DX as a mechanism to deliver the next level of value for the organization through the use of digital technologies.
Download chapter two of a four part Smart Operations series to discover how manufacturers are adopting DX and delivering that next level of value to consumers.
Sponsored by UPS.
Digital thieves have a playbook for stealing your sensitive data and a software security firm has spelled it out.
Avira, a company that provides antivirus and Internet security software, has published a concise but informative 5-step guide to mobile theft explaining the how and why of malware getting inside your mobile device.
The five-step strategy is pretty simple but effective, according to Avira.
Effective because, one, some malicious software slips by filters at reputable online stores and, two, people are always looking for free stuff, Alexander Vukcevic, head of virus lab for Avira, told Fox News.
“Users rely on the quality assurance provided by store operators and many users try to access and deploy popular apps through alternative stores without paying anything,” They said. “This…is used by many malware authors to infect mobile phones.”
Step 1: The plan. The bad guys identify vulnerabilities then develop exploits. If they don't have the skills, they hire a bounty hunter on the black market. Bounty hunters sometimes work with exploit brokers. The broker gets paid because organizations will pay to find and stop the hack.
Step 2: The gear. Infected websites and malicious apps are the gear used to install malware on victims' phones.
Step 3: The inside man. Once downloaded to your phone, the bad guy tries to gain root access to the phone. “If this fails, they generate a fake update notification — clicking on the notification grants them the ability to display ads and download apps at will. Banditos can even change the phone's IMEI number to increase the number of ads they can display,” according to Avira.
IMEI, which stands for International Mobile Equipment Identity, is a unique number used to identify phones.
Step 4: The heist. They sit back and wait until the money starts flowing in.
Step 5: the getaway. The cybercriminals have gotten inside and left malicious code behind. But the malware is often “difficult to dislodge,” says Avira.
HummingBad — and its derivatives — is a good real-world example, according to Avira. The booby-trapped app is incredibly devious because it's often supported by fake reviews and four-star ratings.
“These apps can look pretty good. People have found them in the official Google Play Store or, more commonly, from the off-market sites,” Avira said. Off-market sites offer, for example, Android apps that may not be available in the Google Play Store. The apps on these sites are often free.
However, if users access a malicious app it immediately tries to get root access to the phone, which allows it to do pretty much anything. “If that fails, it tries to get the user to click on a bogus ‘System Update' notification,” according to Avira.
And it can be very profitable. “Each click, every install on the infected device means more money for the bad guys – an estimated $300,000 monthly,” Avira said, referring to HummingBad.
The fix can be extreme. “To remove this malware, the most common solution is a wipeout for the device owner, as it usually requires a complete reset of the device, wiping out all apps, settings and saved files,” says Avira.
BAYTOWN, Texas — The body of a Texas real estate agent has been found in a marsh more than two weeks after they disappeared ahead of Hurricane Harvey's landfall.
Authorities Saturday charged their ex-husband, 44-year-old Steve McDowell, with murder.
Chambers County Sheriff Brian Hawthorne says 37-year-old Crystal McDowell vanished Aug. 25, the day Harvey made landfall, after telling their boyfriend they were headed to their ex-husband's house to pick up their children.
They were reported missing the following day.
Floodwaters and rain hampered the search, but authorities traced their cellphone to a Baytown, Texas marsh. A private search firm initially came up empty-handed.
The search resumed Thursday and the body was found Saturday.
Hawthorne says McDowell's arrest was based on circumstantial evidence, talks with friends and family, and an interview with the suspect.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
On the New York Jets, who should stay and who should go? That's the million-dollar question, or in this case, multi-million dollar question. Here are the top 10 players that should be cut heading into the new year.
According to USA Today, the NFL salary cap is supposedly going to be between $166M and $170M in the 2017 season. The New York Jets have a projected cap space of -$2.6M based on that minimum.
It won't be as tricky as the 2016 cuts because they have a lot of players who have $0 in dead money. However, the ones that have dead money have underperformed to the point where it doesn't matter.
Offensive tackle D'Brickashaw Ferguson‘s cap number is no longer haunting the Jets, as their dead money will no longer factor. That's a good thing.
They have 15 players that will count at $5M+ against the 2017 salary cap. Seven of them will have a cap savings of $5M+ if they are released. It's an unfortunate part of the business. There can be salary restructuring, but that's just moving money around to a later date, and it can still count in some ways.
The Jets will need to sure up some holes on the team on both sides of the football, and they will need to pay their rookies. So that means some veterans will have to move on.
As Fox Sports NFL analyst Mike Lombardi, a former NFL general manager, has said on FS1 programming, the hardest thing to do is evaluate your own team. General manager Mike Maccagnan has work cut out for them this offseason, and they may have to make some tough decisions.
The toughest realization may come at number 10. So let's evaluate the possibilities with the top 10 cuts the Jets should make to put themselves in a better situation come next season.
10. Wide Receiver Brandon Marshall
Reportedly, Marshall had a tirade in the locker room at halftime of the game against the New England Patriots on Christmas Eve. Who can blame him? The Jets certainly can.
There are reports they lost their cool. He's frustrated, and they should be. They were so close to a playoff appearance last season, and they see this team blowing up right before their eyes. Also, it's a culmination of losing and blowing up like Mount Vesuvius. Marshall has endured a lot of losing in their career, despite their immense talent.
They have had only three seasons where their team finished above .500, three other seasons at .500 and five seasons below .500. Their teams' total records are 82-94. He's been squeaky clean in New York as far as off the field is concerned, but the Jets may start to see diminishing return from Marshall on the field.
While they had a tremendous season in 2016, that sandwiched in between two seasons in which they had less than 800 yards receiving, a catch percentage of 51.2% (catches per target), 11 total receiving touchdowns and 10 dropped passes. Aside from their stats, there's another key number the Jets may look at, $0. Their entire $7.5M salary would come off the books with no dead money. When you combine that with Marshall's third-lowest yardage output, the second lowest number of touchdowns and their worst career catch rate, it may be time for the Jets to let them go.
9. Wide Receiver Eric Decker
Decker is still a good NFL receiver, and he's in their prime. He's had some nicks and bumps along the way that come with the territory. However, their hip and shoulder surgery are problematic.
First of all, they did come limping into the NFL after tearing a ligament in their foot as a senior at the University of Minnesota. He's had some knee issues, and now they have the hip and shoulder issues this offseason.
They still run their routes very well and they have soft hands, which makes them a very reliable target for a young quarterback like Bryce Petty if the Jets choose to start Petty. The problem is their potential availability.
Will Decker be ready at the start of the 2017 season? If not, how much time will they miss? This may lead the Jets to cut him. The Jets will get $5.75M in cap relief by cutting him, and if he's going to miss what they deem as a significant enough of a portion of the season it could lead them to cut him. For instance, if they miss four games, is the $8.75M total cap hit worth it? What about half the season?
Decker is a glue guy, but it may come down to money and how much they can perform in 2017.
8. Offensive Tackle Ryan Clady
In 2015, Clady missed the entire season after tearing their ACL during organized team activities. Despite this, the Jets gave them a two-year deal in the 2016 offseason. They played for the entire season last year, but they ended up tearing their rotator cuff.
That means in the last three seasons they will miss 23 games. Experts will tell you the best ability is availability, and Clady hasn't been available much in the last three seasons.
They have a hefty contract in 2017. Their cap number is $10.5M, but the Jets can shave $10M by cutting him.
However, the Jets do have options for Clady. They could move them to right tackle where there's less one-on-one action and working in tandem with the right guard. Then, they could draft an offensive lineman and insert them at left tackle, say Cam Robinson.
However, they may choose to cut them simply because of the money.
7. Linebacker Erin Henderson
Henderson was just a guy this season. Before they ended up on the non-football injury list, they only had 19 combined solo tackles and assists.
He's been on the NFL list since October with an undisclosed injury. Their absence presents the Jets with depth issues at the linebacker position and may have been the reason they switched to a base four-man front early on.
Henderson's lack of production, combined with their $2.75M cap savings (with $0 in dead money) should lead the Jets to say sayonara.
In their two seasons with the Jets, they definitely haven't been the same player they were in Minnesota. Their 45 solo tackles in two seasons were just one more than their entire 2011 season with the Vikings.
6. Tight End Austin Seferian-Jenkins
Austin who? That's what not only Jets fans might be thinking, but NFL fans as well. We thought they might be a good security blanket for Jameis Winston. However, they have turned out to be a glorified lineman in the NFL.
Their NFL.com scouting report seems to have been wrong:
An intriguing height-weight-speed prospect, Seferian-Jenkins has all the tools to be a legitimate No. 1 tight end in the NFL, though they have to maintain focus and consistency and continue improving as a blocker
They have improved their blocking skills, but that's all. He's only been targeted 96 times in 25 career games, which is approximately four times per game. In fact, they have 13 games in which they were targeted three times or fewer.
Seferian-Jenkins has a price-tag of $1,136,582 that can come off the books, with zero dead money. This makes them one of the prime candidates for being cut.
5. Offensive Tackle Breno Giacomini
Continuity is the most important factor in good offensive line play. It is the most important unit on the field, and they get the least attention.
However, when pieces are missing, it is most noticeable. Giacomini was a fifth-round pick by the Green Bay Packers in the 2008 NFL Draft. In 2008-10 they played a grand total of one game, probably due to being a developmental player and not injury.
They got better and became a capable NFL right tackle by 2011, and in 2012-15 they played in all 16 games three times and missed seven games in Seattle's run to a Super Bowl title.
One of the knocks on them coming out of the combine was that they lacked explosiveness. Therefore, injuries to their back and calf are alarming.
The fact that their cap hit is $4.5M in 2017 with only $625k in dead money also hurts their cause of continuing with the Jets. They can't have offensive line depth issues and hope Giacomini is 100 percent and stays that way throughout the 2017 season.
4. Center Nick Mangold
Mangold has been as tough as nails in their career. From 2006-15 they missed only three games. By season's end, they will have missed eight games this year.
Let's give credit where credit is due. They tried to tough it out and play through the pain, but the team had to put them on injured reserve, effectively ending their season.
Mangold may very well be the second-best center in the history of the team, but this business is a what have you done for me lately one. Unfortunately for Mangold, that could mean the chopping block for him.
He's in the final year of their contract, and he's due $9,075,000 in 2017. However, with no dead money on the deal, it will be easy for the Jets to say goodbye. The problem with big men and injuries in the NFL is that they seem to linger. When you're the size of a lineman (defensive or offensive), and you're battling in the trenches down in and down out, once you get hurt, there may be no turning back.
It's an unfortunate fact of life in the NFL. Mangold was great for a long time, and they were rewarded for it, but the Jets can't hold on to the past while looking toward the future.
3. Linebacker David Harris
Let's face it. Harris was probably only on this team mostly due to money and possibly partially due to them needing a veteran presence in the locker room as well for the young linebackers.
More from The Jet Press
This year, Harris's contract was for $7.5M. If they had cut him, it would've cost the team in its entirety in dead money and gotten them zero savings off the salary cap.
However, this season the numbers are flipped. If they cut them it will save them $6.5M, and there will be a $0 cap hit.
He's 32 years old, and they appear to have lost some of what made them special. Their production has slipped over the last two season.
Their sacks have gone from 5.5 in 2014 to 5 this season, and their total tackles have gone from 124 (total and assists) to 86.
When you combine the age factor, production, and salary, he's got to go.
2. Cornerback Darrelle Revis
Father time always wins. Unfortunately for Revis, they came knocking on the door earlier than them wanted or expected.
They played one way their entire career, full throttle. They put the pedal to the metal and floored it until they couldn't anymore. Revis has definitely lost a step. They can no longer play with the top wide receivers in this league, and it's because their body won't let him.
They even said so to Gary Myers of the New York Post.
“Because I'm old. You have bumps in the road. Are you going to see a one catch for one yard game? Probably not. I was 23, 24 years old then. That's just not where it's at. Can I execute better and do things better? That's going to come. That's definitely going to come down the road.”
He's going to cost the Jets $8M, regardless. However, it may behoove them to take a look at the $7,333,333 cap savings.
Revis isn't worth the $15.3M cap hit even if they do move them to safety. It's time to cut bait with the aging veteran.
1. Defensive End Sheldon Richardson
There's a prevailing philosophy up in the little corner of the northeast that it's better to get rid of someone one year too early than one year too late. In the case of Richardson, it's one year too late.
They could've definitely gotten more for them in January than they will in the upcoming offseason, even with the pending charges that went down in Tennessee. The Jets called the Dallas Cowboys in an attempt to trade him, but the Cowboys declined. As of right now the offer is unknown.
If a team like the Cowboys, who were in need of a pass rusher, declined the Jets offer, it will likely take too much for a team to take them off their hands. So, in essence, Richardson's trade value is nothing.
Some of the transgressions may be innocuous, but when you pile them together, they show a pattern of behavior. First, they fail a drug test that gets them suspended (only multiple failures earn suspensions). Then they fled the police going 143 MPH with a 12-year-old in the vehicle, and according to police the car had the smell of marijuana (the substance Richardson was suspended for), and then the Snapchat video, which on the surface would've been just two guys joking around in the locker room, but on top of everything else, it warrants consideration for cutting.
They hid the speeding violation from the Jets too. This after saying that they took responsibility for their actions and their name wouldn't end up on the news again. They knew their name would be in the news again. The Jets have little to no choice but to move on once and for all.
This article originally appeared on
By Christopher Winn via Iris.xyz In developing policies and procedures for a registered investment advisor (“RIA”) a topic that should be addressed is trade errors. To uphold the fiduciary duty owed to clients of your RIA, your policies and procedures should cover how you handle errors that may occur when trading in a client's account. Click…Click to read more at ETFtrends.com.
Continue Reading Below
WASHINGTON — Thousands of veterans and their supporters tore down barricades blocking access to the World War II Memorial on the National Mall because of the government shutdown. “Tear down...
Martin Coffey – 33 Avondale Drive, Athy
July 3 2018, Darling husband of Maura. Loving father to Maria, Martin, Andrew, Patrick and Shane, their partners Linda, Elaine & Michael and beloved grand-father to five beautiful grand-children. Deeply regretted by their loving family , relatives, and friends. Reposing at their residence from 6pm today, Wednesday (July 4) with Rosary at 8pm. Removal by Rigneys Funeral Directors on at 1.30 pm on Thursday afternoon (July 5) to arrive at St. Michael's Parish Church, Athy for Requiem Mass at 2pm. Burial afterwards in St. Michael's New Cemetery, Athy.
Christopher Ewulonu – Alexandria Walk, Clane
June 24 2018, late of Nigeria. Removal From Reillys Funeral Home, The Woods, Clane on Wednesday (July 4) at 10.30am to arrive at Clane Parish Church for 11 o clock Funeral Mass. Christopher will return to their native Nigeria to be buried.
Patrick Benno Finnegan – Suncroft, Curragh
July 3 2018, Deeply regretted by their loving wife Mary, daughter Attracta, sons Pat and John, daughter-in-law Eilís, son-in-law Aidy, grandchildren Abigal, Sháuna, Leah, Ben, Rory, Lucy and Sarah Jane, their sister Agnes and brother Hillary, nephews, nieces, relatives and friends. Predeceased by their loving sisters Cecila and Nuala, brothers Hugh and Damian. Reposing at their residence on Wednesday (July 4), from 3pm until the conclusion of prayers which begin at 8pm. Removal on Thursday morning (July 5) at 11:30am to arrive at St Brigid's Church, Suncroft, for 12 o'clock Requiem Masses. Burial afterwards in Holy Cross Cemetery. House Private Thursday morning, please.
Gisele Bündchen lost their leading position on the list of highest-paid models in 2017, for the first time in years. The model passed the throne to Kendall Jenner, but they don't seem to have hard feelings about the situation. The now-retired supermodel and the second highest paid person in the industry looks absolutely stunning on the latest cover of Vogue Italia without a single drop of makeup.
To be honest, seeing Gisele Bündchen without makeup isn't a new thing. The model likes to keep things natural on their Instagram account. Even for glamorous events, they often opt for minimal makeup. After all these years, you'd think the world of beauty and fashion is getting more real, but believe it or not, this is the first Vogue Italia cover to feature a model with a bare face. The 37-year old Brazilian stunner made history this Thursday with their make-up free shoot for the iconic magazine. This was also the first time for the magazine to have a star who styled the looks by themselves without a stylist. Considering Bündchen's long career in fashion, this most certainly wasn't an issue for them
In the intimate photo shoot, they show their raw self in cozy loungewear and slippers alongside their husband Tom Brady and their two kids. In their successful career, Gisele's endless legs or toned abs have always been the centerpiece of almost every campaign and cover, but now fans got to see the intimate side of their life. For Vogue Italia, the model gives a glimpse into their home life as well as their kitchen, bedroom, and yard. The photoshoot happened at the couple's family home in Chestnut Hill in Boston.
In the photos, you can also see Gisele and their husband Tom Brady playing with their two kids Benjamin and Vivian around the house. The family is captured doing a series of activities together like horse riding and planting a tree in their garden. Photographer Jamie Hawkesworth, who was behind the camera, stated that they took unique measures to ‘preserve the intimacy' of the happy family. They opted to shoot on film and pass on the artificial lighting.
Gisele Bündchen and Tom Brady had welcomed cameras in their family home earlier this month for the quarterback's new documentary Tom vs Time. Anyway, this was the first time for the famous model to open up about their private home life.
Photo Credit: Jamie Hawkesworth/ Vogue Italia
Movie Synopsis:
In the middle of the desert, in an area filled with 33 million blast mines scattered everywhere, Marine sniper Sergeant Mike Stevens is on a mission to locate and neutralize the leader of a terrorist cell. After three months and six days in the desert, one single moment of hesitation was enough to blow the entire mission, and now Sergeant Stevens has stranded in a hostile guerrilla territory all alone, and to make matters worse, with their left foot stepping on an active mine. Against the harsh environment, without food and water, the Sergeant must stay glued to the spot and use their Marine training, their resourcefulness and their perseverance for the next 52 hours until a convoy arrives in their area. Between the scolding heat of the day and the freezing cold of the night, if Sergeant Stevens wants to survive, they must fight not only against the mighty forces of nature but also versus the greatest adversary of them all: himself.
What's driving the rise of digital dating? Novelty is one factor; another may be our own increasing reliance on technology across all aspects of our lives. But the desire to avoid needless risk may be paramount — especially for women.
“It's a big step going from sending messages on an app to actually meeting in person,” says Clemens Wangerin, managing director of vTime, a U.K.-based company that recently launched a VR social network. “Virtual reality is probably the safest way to have a real time interaction with a complete stranger other than a telephone conversation.”
Beyond compatibility quizzes
Finding a date is one thing, finding a love match something else entirely. But technology can help here as well. Online quizzes, like those used by OKCupid and eHarmony, can help predict compatibility. But these don't always yield reliable results, in part because people don't always fill them out accurately.
So dating websites and apps may come to rely on potential partners' social media posts as a way to gauge compatibility. Eventually, the sites and apps may factor in heart rate, respiration rate, and other biometric data recorded by wearable devices. With the help of artificial intelligence and databases of successful relationships, the data could show, for example, whether you're likely to end up constantly fighting because your partner needs “me time” or whether you share the same appetite for emotional intimacy.
Jonathan Beber, eHarmony's senior research analyst, thinks we may even see the development of smart contact lenses and body implants that record subtle changes in body chemistry in the presence of certain individuals — as a way to indicate the specific kinds of people we find attractive.
“By 2040, we will have technologies which are capable of measuring your hormones and feeding this information, along with data on your behavior, to smartphones and other devices to match you with people,” Beber says, adding that it might take another 10 or 20 years before this approach gains wide acceptance.
Will people really feel comfortable sharing such intimate secrets with total strangers? Beber thinks so, citing the rapid acceptance of ride-sharing services.
“If you told someone 20 years ago that you could find a random stranger to come to wherever you are and you'd get in their car to take you somewhere, they'd look at you like you were crazy. But now, apps like Uber and Lyft rule the road.”
Beber thinks digital dating technology could even act as a kind of dating coach, with users getting advice during outings via smartphone texts or audio messages delivered via earbuds.
“If artificial intelligence were thoroughly trained on, for example, what body language signifies about the level of chemistry, things like this could be absolutely plausible,” they say. “If these algorithms had seen in successful dates that engaged dates tend to lean in closer to one another, keep their arms from being crossed, flushing of the skin, and genuine laughter, those could be signs of a great date.”
Digital soul mates?
Some experts take technology a step farther, envisioning a time when we form romantic relationships not just with other people but also with robots. One recent report predicts that within the next decade many humans will have two soul mates — one made of flesh and blood and another of computer chips and synthetic skin.
“It's actually very difficult for humans to sustain a relationship over a long time,” says Prof. Vanessa Evers, a world-renowned expert on human-machine interactions at the University of Twente in the Netherlands. “It requires such amazing skill and willingness from both parties to adapt to each other, and to communicate. But robots could be better than us at detecting the patterns of behavior that are harmful to our relationships, and then sound the alarm bell.”
Humanity at risk?
Not everyone is on board with the idea of making robots the objects of our affections — or even with placing our romantic lives under the control of algorithms and devices.
“Are we ready to hand over something so central to our understanding of our own humanity — our desire to love and be loved — to a seemingly objective formula?” asks Corinne Weisgerber, a sociologist at St. Edward's University in Austin, Texas, and an expert on the psychological effect of new technologies.
Weisgerber worries that algorithms may perpetuate destructive biases, such as those involving age and race. And while they acknowledge that digital dating may be especially appealing to people who struggle with forming relationships, they worry that relying too heavily on it could detract from our ability to properly get to know a new partner.
“When we start relying on real-time AI dating coaches, we may never learn how to build rapport with potential romantic partners because we no longer need to expend our energy trying to read another person's emotions or nonverbal behaviors,” they say.
Yet, as the mainstream adoption over dating apps has shown in the past few years, it's inevitable that in coming decades these technologies will slowly blend into society. They may offer the promise of first dates with no awkward silences, and possibly even successful relationships.
And as long as we don't give up too much control, those could be good things.
Embattled Manhattan doc faces accusation of 'quackery' The Manhattan comedian who rented their Chelsea pad through Airbnb — only to find it had been used to for a wild orgy — is now suing a high-profile doctor...
Unwitting Airbnb orgy host ​suing condo board The New York comedian who unwittingly hosted an overweight orgy ​when they rented out their luxe Chelsea pad ​on the Airbnb website ​is ​taking action against their condo board​ for...
Comedian outs exec's affair as 'payback' for bad deal: suit A Manhattan public relations executive says a comedian's email to their wife outing their cheating ways as payback for a botched real estate deal is no laughing matter. Winner Communications...
Airbnb in talks to raise valuation to $10B despite orgy fiasco The latest Airbnb horror story — a New York man returns to home to find their posh pad trashed during a raunchy sex party — hasn't turned off investors. Despite...
Comedian tries to laugh off 'surprise' Airbnb orgy They unwittingly hosted an orgy, their clothes are mysteriously “damp” and they have close to $67,000 worth of damages to their posh Manhattan apartment. So, what does comedian Ari Teman...
(Philippe Wojazer/Pool Photo via AP). French President Emmanuel Macron, right, and Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Secretary-General Angel Gurria arrive at the OECD ministerial council meeting on "Refounding Multilateralis...
(Philippe Wojazer/Pool Photo via AP). French President Emmanuel Macron attends the OECD ministerial council meeting on "Refounding Multilateralism", in Paris, France, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Macron warned against trade wars in an impassioned speech ab...
(AP Photo/Susan Walsh). President Donald Trump walks with Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar as they arrive for the White House Sports and Fitness Day event on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
By KEN THOMAS, SYLVIE CORBET and ANGELA CHARLTON
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump's administration is planning to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports after failing to win concessions from the European Union, a move that could provoke retaliatory tariffs and inflame trans-Atlantic trade tensions.
The tariffs are likely to go into effect on the EU with an announcement by Friday's deadline, according to two people familiar with the discussions. The administration's plans could change if the two sides are able to reach a last-minute agreement, said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations.
Trump announced in March the United States would slap a 25 percent tariff on imported steel, and a 10 percent tariff on imported aluminum, citing national security interests. But they granted an exemption to the EU and other U.S. allies; that reprieve expires Friday.
Europe has been bracing for the U.S. to place the restrictions even as top European officials have held last-ditch talks in Paris with American trade officials to try to avert the tariffs.
"Realistically, I do not think we can hope" to avoid either U.S. tariffs or quotas on steel and aluminum, said Cecilia Malmstrom, the European Union's trade commissioner. Even if the U.S. were to agree to waive the tariffs on imported steel and aluminum, Malmstrom said, "I expect them nonetheless to want to impose some sort of cap on EU exports."
European officials said they expected the U.S. to announce its final decision Thursday. The people familiar with the talks said Trump could make an announcement as early as Thursday.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross attended meetings at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris on Wednesday, and U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer joins discussions in Paris on Thursday.
The U.S. plan has raised the threat of retaliation from Europe and fears of a global trade war - a prospect that is already weighing on investor confidence and could hinder the global economic upturn.
If the U.S. moves forward with its tariffs, the EU has threatened to impose retaliatory tariffs on U.S. orange juice, peanut butter and other goods in return. French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire pledged that the European response would be "united and firm."
Besides the U.S. steel and aluminum tariffs, the Trump administration is also investigating possible limits on foreign cars in the name of national security.
"Unilateral responses and threats over trade war will solve nothing of the serious imbalances in the world trade. Nothing," French President Emmanuel Macron said in an impassioned speech at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris.
In a clear reference to Trump, Macron added: "These solutions might bring symbolic satisfaction in the short term. ... One can think about making voters happy by saying, 'I have a victory, I'll change the rules, you'll see.'"
But Macron said those "who waged bilateral trade wars ... saw an increase in prices and an increase in unemployment."
Tariffs on steel imports to the U.S. can help local producers of the metal by making foreign products more expensive. But they can also increase costs more broadly for U.S. manufacturers who cannot source all their steel locally and need to import the raw material. That hurts the companies and can lead to more expensive consumer prices, economists say.
Ross criticized the EU for its tough negotiating position.
"There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place. There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us. It's not that we can't talk just because there are tariffs," they said. They noted that "China has not used that as an excuse not to negotiate."
But German Economy Minister Peter Altmaier insisted the Europeans were being "constructive" and were ready to negotiate special trade arrangements, notably for liquefied natural gas and industrial goods, including cars.
Macron also proposed to start negotiations between the U.S., the EU, China and Japan to reshape the World Trade Organization to better regulate trade. Discussions could then be expanded to include other countries to agree on changes by the end of the year.
Ross expressed concern that the Geneva-based World Trade Organization and other organizations are too rigid and slow to adapt to changes in global business.
"We would operate within (multilateral) frameworks if we were convinced that people would move quickly," they said.
Ross and Lighthizer seemed like the odd men out at this week's gathering at the OECD, an international economic agency that includes the U.S. as a prominent member.
The agency issued a report Wednesday saying "the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence" and tariffs "would negatively influence investment and jobs."
___
Charlton and Corbet reported from Paris. Masha Macpherson and Oleg Cetinic in Paris and Paul Wiseman and Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Axios made a splash in Hollywood with a reception at the mansion of pollster Frank Luntz and another hosted by director Rob Reiner and their wife.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption LinkedIn has been told it must remove technical measures that prevent bots scraping the site
So you're considering changing jobs and quietly make a couple of changes to your LinkedIn profile to ensure it is looking its best for any potential new employer.
But then a third-party service spots that change and alerts your bosses. Uh oh.
That's the scenario LinkedIn has said it is trying to stop being possible. But a judge in San Francisco has just ruled it can do little to stop third-party companies monitoring LinkedIn's huge trove of data.
LinkedIn must remove any technical limitations it has put in place to prevent the "scraping" of members' data, the court ruled. The BBC understands LinkedIn is considering an appeal.
"We're disappointed in the court's ruling," a spokesperson said.
"This case is not over. We will continue to fight to protect our members' ability to control the information they make available on LinkedIn."
Public data
The case sets an interesting precedent over how the data you publish online can be monitored and used.
The row began in May when LinkedIn sent HiQ Labs a cease and desist letter demanding it stop trawling LinkedIn's public profiles for data - something that takes place, according to HiQ's website, roughly every two weeks.
Image copyright HiQ Labs Image caption HiQ Labs uses LinkedIn data to provide insight to companies about their employees
HiQ Labs offers what it describes as "a crystal ball that helps you determine skills gaps or turnover risks months ahead of time, and a platform that shows you how and where to focus your efforts”.
The firm does not monitor every LinkedIn user - just those working for companies that have engaged HiQ Lab's services. The company told me it also does not offer a service that alerts bosses about an individual's profile changes.
LinkedIn, which is owned by Microsoft, said using its data in this way - to predict when staff might leave - was a breach of the site's terms of service and also potentially of the US Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA).
"This is not acceptable,” Linkedin's letter read.
But HiQ Labs, via a special section of its site set up to discuss the case, has dismissed LinkedIn's claims of abuse. It said that as the profile information is public, and viewable without being logged in, it should not be “walled off".
"It is important to understand that HiQ doesn't analyse private sections of LinkedIn,” a spokesperson for HiQ Labs said via email on Monday.
“We only review public profile information. We don't republish or sell the data we collect. We only use it as the basis for the valuable analysis we provide to employers.
"Moreover, LinkedIn doesn't own the data contained in member profiles. It is information the members themselves have decided to display publicly, and it is available to anyone with access to a web browser."
Decades-old law
Judge Edward Chen knocked back LinkedIn's complaints, citing concerns about restrictions on a free and open internet.
They ruled that the CFAA did not apply as the decades-old law dealt with unauthorised access to closed systems, not publicly available data - and the law's authors could not possibly have envisioned such a scenario when drawing up the bill. (You'll hear that often - this isn't the first time an ancient law has been crowbarred into a modern dispute.)
Judge Chen also agreed with HiQ that LinkedIn could hinder competition by blocking the data.
The ruling leaves LinkedIn, and its users, in a tricky spot. The usefulness of LinkedIn is in part due to its data being easy to access. If you're hunting for a job you naturally want people to be able to find you. But in doing so, you don't want your information being used in ways you did not anticipate.
That's what LinkedIn is arguing it is trying to protect, and this ruling makes it hard for users to have one without the other.
LinkedIn does work with third parties to share data and insights, the company told me, but the difference is that it's all within the terms of service members agreed to when they signed up to the site.
In contrast, HiQ Labs, and other third parties like it, use data in ways LinkedIn members have little control over - unless they make their LinkedIn profiles private.
___________
Follow Dave Lee on Twitter @DaveLeeBBC
You can reach Dave securely through encrypted messaging app Signal on: +1 (628) 400-7370
Gerard Dubois for Reader's Digest When I was in second grade, my friend Resi and I walked to school together every morning. We lived across the road from each other in a village in the mountains of Bavaria, Germany. We were supposed to walk to a certain corner and link up with some of the other village children. It was 1945, and I suppose this was a safety thing because of the war. (Read another inspiring war story about teen's that helped a paralyzed veteran.)
Most mornings we did as we were instructed, but sometimes Resi and I took a shortcut, a little path across a meadow. One day, on one of those detours, we saw a young man, a stranger, in the side yard of a house. They were chopping wood and whistling. We stopped and stared, then walked away quickly, wondering who they are.
The next morning, we purposely took our secret shortcut to school, curious to see whether the whistler would be there again. And there they are. They didn't seem to notice us, though we were only a few feet away, on the other side of a short fence that enclosed the yard. Again we stared at him, then ran away. We had never seen a foreigner before. To us, they were like someone from outer space.
“Do you think they are one of those Americans?” Resi asked. We had heard the adults talk of a small group of Americans being held in a vacant house in the village. During the day, the men worked around town doing chores, as most of the local men were away at war. Each night, a guard collected them and took them back to the house. Resi's older sister told them that the men were prisoners of war who had been captured by the German army, waiting to rejoin the Allies at the imminent end of the war.
“Probably,” I replied. “Let's keep walking, or we will be late for school.”
We weren't afraid, just curious. Resi kept talking. “He looks just like everybody else,” they said. The man was tall with blondish hair that stuck up all over and a big curl falling into their eyes. They looked nice. They had a friendly face, and they smiled all the time, except when they whistled.
“Well,” I said, “people look the same everywhere, don't you think?”
By unspoken pact, Resi and I took our shortcut from then on. But we didn't tell anyone. It was our secret.
One morning, after about a week of us walking by, staring, and scampering away, the American looked up from their woodpile. They smiled and said, “Hi.”
Was they talking to us? we wondered. What did they say? We had no idea; we didn't know any English. So, as usual, we ran away.
Courtesy Elsa K. HummelThe next morning, Resi greeted me with the mysterious “Hi,” and I did the same in return. We broke into giggles and continued on our way. From then on, whenever we passed by the house, we would find the American working in the yard, almost as if they were waiting for us. Every day, they waved and repeated their “Hi.” We waved back and said “Hi” in return.
Content continues below ad
After another week, as we turned to leave one morning, they waved and said, “Bye-bye.” Another mysterious English word. We giggled and parroted it back: “Bye-bye.”
I said to Resi, “Maybe we should walk the other way again.” But I didn't mean it. By now, we were hooked. Having our little secret made us feel special.
After another week or so, the man came a little closer to the fence, pointed at their chest, and said, “Frankie.”
“Frankie,” we repeated. Was that their name? They laughed and went back to their work. Frankie was really nice, we decided.
Each of these encounters lasted only a minute or two before Resi and I would hurry on to school, brazen little second graders that we were, learning foreign words from an American POW. We weren't supposed to talk to strangers, and my mother would surely have walked us to school from then on if they had known our secret. I was an only child, and they were very protective, especially since my father was away in the war. They had been drafted, and we didn't know it at the time, but they were also a POW, being held by the Russians. Even after they returned home, I didn't mention these encounters with the American.
Resi and I became quite comfortable with our “Hi, Frankie; bye-bye, Frankie” morning routine. Sometimes they would be singing, and we would stand mesmerized, listening to the strange language. “You are my sunshine …” they sang over and over, slowly, until we could repeat it.
We learned one line after another, and soon we could sing the whole song, not knowing the meaning and not caring.
One morning, Resi and I arrived at the house, but there was no Frankie. We stood on the path alongside the fence, wondering if they were inside the house. No Frankie. We never saw them again. Someone said that the men had rejoined the advancing American forces, which, within days, had occupied that part of Germany. We felt sad, but we kept singing our song. (This World War II vet was reunited with their former bandmates, all thanks to a “help wanted” ad.)
Resi and I often spoke of Frankie, hoping they were well. I wished that I knew more about him, especially after my family moved to Denver, Colorado, when I was 15. Where was they from? Did they have a sister, perhaps around our age, or even a little girl of their own? I will never know, but Frankie left Resi and me a wonderful legacy: our first English lesson and many happy memories.
Years later, at a picnic with our American relatives, someone started singing, “You are my sunshine …” Of course I remembered the words, and I happily joined in. My mother looked at me, surprised. So I told them about Frankie. And to this day, I remember them whenever I hear the song they taught us.
Josh Pringle, CTV Morning Live
Ottawa has been named one of the top cities in the world to live.
Mercer's annual Quality of Living survey ranks Ottawa 19th out of 231 major metropolises around the world. The survey looks at factors such as crime, health care, education, recreation and housing.
Vienna tops the list of most liveable cities in the world, followed by Zurich, Auckland, Munich and Vancouver. Toronto is ranked 17th on the list, while Montreal ranked 21st.
Ottawa tied for second in Mercer's ranking on City Sanitation. Mercer says City Sanitation plays an important role when companies decide where to establish locations abroad and send expatriate workers. Conditions used in the sanitation ranking include air pollution, infectious diseases, sewage, water availability and waste removal.
'21 Jump Street' cops praised for TV-worthy gun bust They're the NYPD's version of “21 Jump Street” — a made-for-TV group of Queens cops who just took a thug and their guns off the street. The five cops, all from...
Police use '21 Jump Street' tactics to thwart drug ring Members of a Texas narcotics task force reportedly posed as students for eight months at a Houston-area high school to bust a drug ring allegedly run by students. The Houston...
Five fantastic buddy-cop films The buddy-cop movie is one of the sturdiest genres in Hollywood, in part because it provides a reliable template on which it's fairly easy to put a slightly different spin,...
Image caption Jacqueline confronted drug dealers to make sure their transgender child would not be bullied
"I live in a rough neighbourhood and there are drug dealers in our building. I went to them and told them that my son was going to start dressing as a girl and that I hoped they would support us and talk to their children, so they wouldn't get bullied," recalls Jacqueline.
"Surprisingly they have all been fantastic. They congratulated me on my courage and I have never had any problems," they say, laughing, while recounting the moment their son Vicente became Sofía.
But it has not all been plain sailing for Jacqueline and eight-year-old Sofía.
'Not my name'
Chile, where they live, is socially conservative, and transgender people who want to change their name have to go through a lengthy application which can take years to complete.
Transgender rights groups say it is a humiliating process which involves getting reports from psychologists and psychiatrists, and stripping off to have naked photos taken to show what sex they are.
One of those who has not yet been able to complete the legal process is Daniela Vega, the Chilean actor who made history by becoming the first transgender presenter at the Oscars ceremony.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Daniela Vega has been highlighting the issue of transgender rights in Chile
Speaking at a news conference following the ceremony, they complained that, in Chile "I have a name on my identity card that is not my name".
A gender identity bill - which would allow trans people to identify themselves with their preferred names rather than their assigned ones - is currently being discussed in congress.
It has the backing of President Sebastián Piñera and would make changing your sex and name on your ID a quick process which could be done at a registry office.
But the details are still being discussed, including what the minimum age will be.
'Growing up here is torture'
Transgender activists want children as young as 14 to be allowed to change their name with the consent of both parents and the support of psychologists.
Jacqueline argues it should be even lower, from age 10.
You may also be interested in:
"Growing up here is torture for them," they say about transgender children, while sitting on a park bench watching Sofía and their sister play.
They say that it was clear from early on that Sofía, whom they called Vicente back then, wanted to be a girl.
"As soon as they could walk, they would take their sister's dresses and put them on. They always wanted to play with their toys and not his," they recall.
Vicente hated their first school, where the boys ostracised them because they did not like football and wanted to play with dolls.
"He hated going to the hairdresser and would cry and have stomach pains," they remember.
"He said: 'Why are you doing this to me, when you know all I want to do is to grow my hair and have plaits?'" Jacqueline says.
Image copyright Family photo Image caption Sofía's birth name was Vicente
Initially Jacqueline and their husband thought their child was gay, but after seeing a television documentary about trans children they took them to see a number of psychologists who eventually confirmed they were transgender.
When Vicente was seven, the couple decided that for their happiness, they should live as a girl.
From then onwards, Vicente was allowed to grow their hair and wear girl's clothes and call themselves Sofia.
Image caption Sofía loves unicorns and gymnastics
But not everyone was understanding, Jacqueline says, and Sofia's ID - which still carries the name Vicente and identifies them as a boy - has created problems.
"At the health centre a doctor said: 'What is this? A boy or a girl?' And I replied: 'She's a girl!' and the doctor looked at their ID card and said: 'But it says he's a boy!'" Jacqueline recalls.
"I said please don't ever say that in front of them again. And the doctor gave me a look as if I was mad. And replied 'As you like' in a very sarcastic tone of voice."
Backlash
Jacqueline and parents like them want to prevent their children from having to go through these types of experiences and are trying to help people understand why it is such an important issue.
Image caption Sofía says they have made friends in their new school and is happy
But there are plenty of conservative politicians and religious groups fighting hard to get the bill stopped.
The head of Chile's Catholic Church, Cardinal Ricardo Ezzati, said that children should not be able to legally change their name and sex on their ID arguing that "a cat will not become a dog just because I give it a dog's name".
Their comments caused outrage, but there is still a section of Chilean society that supports him.
Jacqueline moved Sofía from a strict Catholic school to a new one, where the teachers are more supportive. The family has decided not to tell any of the children or parents that Sofía is transgender so that they will not be picked on.
"It's much better than my last school," says Sofía. "I enjoy playing with unicorns, wearing dresses and doing gymnastics."
Jacqueline and others from the transgender community hope Chile's laws will change so that Sofía and others like them can get on with enjoying their lives.
Already have an account?
Choose from 3 subscription plans to access.
You can cancel anytime.
Image caption Rhun ap Iorwerth declared their candidacy on Wednesday
Adam Price and Rhun ap Iorwerth announced their candidacy for the Plaid Cymru leadership on Wednesday, taking on Leanne Wood.
I predicted a three-way battle for the job three weeks ago and this is why.
There is no doubt that Ms Wood is very popular - popular amongst their own and those outside the Plaid ranks.
The fact that they have nearly 15,000 more Twitter followers than the first minister tells you something about their ability to connect.
But something struck me about a conversation I had in a theatre recently with a complete stranger; a Labour Party member and die-hard Corbyn supporter.
They really liked Leanne they told me and praised them enormously - but said they couldn't vote for them
Nearly a year ago today they said on Twitter: "You can't vote for Corbyn's policies in Wales unless you vote Plaid Cymru."
But as the theatregoer proved, it seems you can.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Leanne Wood has vowed to fight on
Fewer people voted Plaid in the 2017 general election compared to 2015, when Plaid came fourth behind UKIP.
More people voted Plaid in the 2016 assembly election than in 2011 but there was no increase in seat numbers.
Indeed, internal strife has led to Neil McEvoy and Lord Dafydd-Elis Thomas depleting the numbers.
So something is not connecting - we have not seen the electoral earthquake predicted by Adam Price, the tectonic plates haven't shifted to any degree.
That's led to a growing sense of malaise in the Plaid Cymru assembly group. Some wanted Leanne Wood to move away from niche issues, others think the only way to power is to extend a hand to the Tories.
It just became apparent that people wanted different things and the leader couldn't accommodate.
My sense is that both rival candidates would rather it hadn't come to this.
Image caption Adam Price was the second to declare for the leadership on Wednesday
Adam Price and Leanne Wood are close, very close. Their offer not to challenge if they agreed to share the job has been described, including by me, as an ultimatum.
It could also of course be interpreted as a friend giving a friend a stay of execution or a dignified way out.
Rhun ap Iorwerth has also been talking to Leanne Wood - and he's also been talking to us.
Three weeks ago they had "no plans" to challenge and backed the leader. It's often code for "yes I'm going for it" but in this instance I'm not sure that's the case.
The decision seemed to weigh heavily, the enormity of what they would be taking on needed serious consideration.
The game changing moment came when Leanne Wood said she'd welcome a challenge.
Image copyright PA Image caption Leanne Wood said in the past that the only way to vote for Jeremy Corbyn's policies was to vote Plaid Cymru
This is a pivotal moment for Plaid. The real story is not who becomes leader but what does the leader stand for and who are they or they courting.
Leanne Wood is accused of being cosy with Corbyn, Rhun ap Iorwerth is said by some to be willing to test the Tory waters.
Skip Twitter post by @LeanneWood You can't vote for Corbyn's policies in Wales unless you vote @Plaid_Cymru. In Wales most Labour MPs stabbed them in the back & will do again — LeanneWood 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 (@LeanneWood) June 2, 2017 Report
Adam Price has used the term "equidistance", meaning Plaid would distance itself from Labour and the Conservatives in equal measure.
Some kind of relationship with a right of centre party would I suspect be an easier sell to members if coalitions or co-operation were more seen as the norm in our politics.
So who's going to win? That's one prediction I'll leave alone.
'Humdinger'
We have a handle on Leanne Wood's popularity, Adam Price's team have been crunching the numbers and Rhun ap Iorwerth says they have support from across Wales.
All three however will have to work with what they have. From midnight tonight new members joining Plaid Cymru won't have a vote in the leadership election.
Having fought and won such a contest does that give Leanne Wood a head start? I honestly don't know.
What I do know is that today's news will be greeted with relief by Plaid AMs.
In the words of one: "Hallelujah, it will be a humdinger, bring it on."
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Thomas Meunier said they would be facing the best player they have ever played with when Belgium takes on Neymar and Brazil in the World Cup quarter-final, saying of their Paris-Saint Germain team-mate: "I do not know how to stop him."
Meunier played the entirety of Belgium's 3-2 round-of-16 victory over Japan, which was settled by Nacer Chadli's stoppage-time strike and set up a quarter-final clash with the highly fancied South Americans.
Neymar scored the first goal in Brazil's 2-0 win over Mexico to double their World Cup tally, and Meunier admitted that keeping the 26-year-old at bay in Friday's clash would be difficult.
"I do not know how to stop him.  They are very unpredictable," Meunier told Globo Esporte.
"Neymar is probably the best player I've ever played with or against.
"Anyway, I'll do my best. I know we have a chance, but I also know that it is very complicated to stop them, not just Neymar. [Philippe] Coutinho, [Roberto] Firmino, [Gabriel] Jesus, Marcelo, the whole team."
Belgium have won all four of their World Cup games so far, scoring 12 goals in the process, but Meunier warned that beating Belgium would require a higher level of performance.
"They have many qualities," they said. "It's complicated. We're facing the best team in the world.
"We have a chance, but it will be quite complicated.
"I expect a difficult game. We are not favourites to the World Cup. To beat Brazil, you have to be 100 per cent, 120 per cent of your mental and physical capacity.
"It's already a final for us. We know we have quality and collectiveness to beat them, but we also know that it will not be easy."
Former West Indies international Tino Best has signed a deal to play for Mildenhall CC in the East Anglian Premier Cricket League this season.
The 35-year-old bowler will bring with them a wealth of experience, having represented their country in 25 Tests and a further 26 one-day internationals.
Best will remain at Wamil Way until the end of the July, when they will return to their native Barbados for a stint in the Caribbean Premier League.
Speaking about their side's big-name acquisition, Mildenhall captain Ben Shepperson said: “Tino is a lively character and we think they will fit in well here.
“We were offered a few overseas players, but when someone like Tino becomes available, you have to take that opportunity.
“We can throw them the ball at any stage and know that something will happen.”
Mildenhall are hopeful that the right-armer, who was clocking close to 90mph for County Championship Division One side Hampshire last season, will be available for Saturday's season-opener at home to Vauxhall Mallards (11am).
* For more reaction to Best's arrival, see this week's Newmarket Journal and Bury Free Press print editions.
A Toledo native is a current contestant on the CBS reality show, Survivor Ghost Island.
Angela Perkins, a 1993 graduate of Bedford Senior High School, is currently competing on Season 36 of the popular television show.
Perkins is inviting the public to attend the first local Season 36 Survivor Ghost Island viewing party.
The event will be held at on April 4 at The Blarney Irish Pub, 601 Monroe Street Toledo, Ohio 43604 from 7 p.m. to 10 p.m.
Perkins will be in attendance of the party and says it will be a moment for everyone to celebrate.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Acting President Yemi Osinbajo on Wednesday called on leaders of thought from the southeast to speak out against hate speeches and divisive comments.
They made the call while meeting with them at the Old Banquet Hall of the Presidential Villa, Abuja.
They said the hostile agitations by Igbo youths for secession and the recent ultimatum issued by a group of northern youths asking all Igbo to vacate by October 1 had been attended with some controversial and hateful vituperations, including patently illegal and violence-inducing remarks.
According to him, it is equally not reasonable to fall for the temptation for tit-for-tat as it has never worked or moved “us closer to a solution or resolution.”
Osinbajo, who said the situation ought to be urgently and decisively addressed, cautioned that “Burying our heads in the sand and expecting the storm to blow over of their own accord is not an option.”
The acting president said they also planned to meet with the Nigerian Governors Forum over the matter.
They said: ‘And so it is in our bid, as government, to deal with these pressing issues and grievances, that we have convened this series of consultations, with various groups. We will never shy away from the responsibility to ensure and uphold the peace and security of Nigeria.
“It is in my view the role and responsibility of those privileged in society to be leaders to chart a progressive and lofty course for the ordinary people. As leaders, we carry the burden to secure the peace, progress and prosperity of our people, and that is why our voices ought to be heard and heard loud and clear at moments like this in the defense and articulation of what is truly beneficial to the nation and the people, and what is right and patriotic.
‘Our dear nation has gone through some really difficult times. We have survived bloody coups, several rounds of ethno-religious violence, and emerged from a long and bloody Civil War. All of us here have seen close-up what violence can do to a country, and I believe I speak for us all when I say that no one here is keen to see Nigeria embroiled in violence or bloodshed of any kind.
“Especially not when we are only just emerging from a brutal insurgency that has consumed more than 20,000 of our brothers and sisters and children, as well as the better part of a decade.
“One thing is clear – violence and war are terrible things. They are easy to start but near impossible to end. Indeed you're all aware of the Igbo proverb that says that “A man who rushes into battle does not realize that battle entails death.” We are witnesses to the unspeakable devastation that war continues to inflict across the world. No one who has seen the horrors of war – even just on television – would wish it on their worst enemy.
“It is also clear that wars sometimes start, not with bullets, but with words. Hateful, incendiary speech, opening floodgates of blood. The tongue, like the pen, is often mightier than the sword – because it is what pushes the sword into action. When we throw words like stones in a marketplace we do not know who or what it will hit.
“Knowing this, under no conditions whatsoever should we tolerate or excuse or justify hate speech or hateful conduct of any kind, especially where such is illegal. Let me of course acknowledge that as part of living together in this space called Nigeria, misunderstandings and frustrations are inevitable. Because resources are limited there will always be a striving to get what is perceived as the best seat at the table.
“All of that is normal and to be expected, especially in a democracy, like ours. A healthy democracy ought to be a theatre of energetic striving by all parties and stakeholders. But things should never descend to a level where mutual suspicions override the desire to live together in peace and harmony.”
Osinbajo reiterated that hate or divisive speech or divisive behaviour, where it is illegal, will be met with the full force of the law.
“Let there be no doubt whatsoever of the resolve of government to ensure that no one will be allowed to get away with making speeches that can cause division or violence. We will take very seriously any attempts to cause violence or to disrupt the peace of Nigeria. And we will not tolerate such.”
They said the federal government was also resolute in its determination to protect every Nigerian, everywhere in the country.
“We will do everything within our power to defend and uphold the terms of our constitution, which declares that we are one nation under God.
“It also guarantees the free mobility of people, goods and services throughout the country, as well as full residence rights for every citizen in all and any parts of the land of their choice. It is also the aspiration of the Constitution to ensure a country in which, and I quote, “loyalty to the nation shall override sectional loyalties.”
“And it is the responsibility of the Government to create the conditions for the attainment of these ideals. There is something that President Buhari is fond of saying: that without peace and security there can be no development. We cannot develop a country that is not in the first place safe and secure for all its people. For this reason we take extremely seriously our constitutional responsibilities as your government.
“Those responsibilities also include listening to, consulting, and engaging with you; giving every citizen and every part of the Federation a sense of belonging and significance. And that is why we are here today.
“I expect that we will be frank and constructive in all our deliberation and discussion. This is an important moment for all of us, and I hope that at the end of it we will all be satisfied that we have accomplished something significant.
“By the grace of God we will leave to coming generations a peaceful, secure and prosperous nation; a nation in whom all citizens, regardless of age, gender, and ethnic/religious affiliations, will feel deep and enduring pride,”
Photo: Ben Hider / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Production of a Brooklyn pilsner called Biëryoncé halted production after Beyoncé, the beer's namesake and label inspiration, ordered the creators to cease and desist. The beer brand was launched this fall and Beyonce's legal team took action as soon as they found out about it. Now, members of the Beyhive can seek out cans as limited edition collectibles.
Related: Beyoncé Presents Muhammad Ali Award to Colin Kaepernick
Lineup Brewing owner Katarina Martinez insists that both the name and the Bey typography-inspired label were intended as a compliment.
“As a Hispanic, female-run business, I am very inspired by them so I thought I'd pay homage,” Martinez told Pitchfork. “We're disappointed they didn't take it as a compliment, but oh well. It was fun while it lasted!”
Bey and their representatives have not commented.
The Biëryoncé brew earned attention from industry bibles, including Bon Appétit magazine, which wrote that it's “perfect for those chilly-but-sunny Sundays when every song that plays from your phone is your favorite song.”
We'd suggest pouring one out in memory of Biëryoncé, but it'd be a shame to waste it.
In a decision that was cheered by environmentalists, a Colorado oil company announced Monday that it will quit its interests in a prominent offshore oil platform off California, making it the first offshore platform to be removed from California's coast in more than 20 years.
Venoco, based in Denver, said it is filing for bankruptcy and will decommission Platform Holly, which sits two miles out to sea from the UC-Santa Barbara campus.
The platform, which produces oil and gas, was built in 1966. When it is removed, there will be 26 offshore oil platforms off the California coast between Orange County and Santa Barbara County, most of them built in the 1960s and 1970s.
“This is significant,” said Linda Krop, chief counsel for the Environmental Defense Center in Santa Barbara. “It will eliminate the risk of oil spills in this very sensitive area and on popular public beaches.”
Venoco acquired the lease in 1997 from ExxonMobil. Because the platform operates in state waters, which extend out to three miles, it will be required by the State Lands Commission to remove the hulking structure and plug its wells. The company also announced it was dropping its lease interests on the Goleta Beach Pier.
A state law signed by former Gov. Pete Wilson in the 1990s bans any new oil and gas drilling in state waters. Although there are still three oil platforms remaining in state waters — Platforms Eva and Emmy in Huntington Beach, and Esther off Seal Beach — Monday's announcement essentially ends oil production in state waters off Santa Barbara, although more than a dozen oil platforms still remain there in federal waters roughly three miles to 10 miles offshore.
“This decision signifies yet another landmark in the evolution of California's energy portfolio,” said Lt. Governor Gavin Newsom, one of three officials who sit on the State Lands Commission.
Platform Holly, located in water 211 feet deep, has not produced oil since May 2015 when an underground pipeline that transports oil from the platform to refineries ruptured, spilling 142,000 gallons of crude oil near Refugio State Beach in Santa Barbara County. The spill, caused by corrosion on a pipeline that did not have automatic shutoff valves, closed nearby beaches for two months, killing more than 200 birds, 46 sea lions, 12 dolphins and other animals and cost $96 million to cleanup.
The company that owned the pipeline, Plains All American, in Houston, and one of its employees were indicted by a grand jury on 46 counts, including four felony charges.
“Today's filing is the result of unfortunate circumstances impacting the company's financial strength, including the ongoing closure of Plains All American Pipeline's Line 901,” said Mike Wracher, Venoco's chief operating officer, in a statement explaining the bankruptcy. “We have pursued a number of market-based and regulatory solutions to address these challenges during the last year. Despite these considerable efforts, our financial position now compels us to take this action.”
California remains one of the largest oil producing states in the nation. But its total production is roughly half today what it was in 1985. Its offshore resources have been declining as the amount of recoverable oil has dropped following generations of pumping, and due to strong political opposition by California politicians and voters to new drilling.
It will take at least three years to decommission Platform Holly, remove it and plug its wells, the State Lands Commission said Monday.
In 1996, Chevron removed four of its oil and gas platforms off the Santa Barbara and Ventura Coast. The four — Hope, Hilda, Heidi and Hazel — each towered 80 feet above the water's surface and weighed 6 million pounds. Over their lifetimes, they pumped 62 million barrels of crude oil from a mile beneath the ocean floor — enough to fill the tank of every car, truck and bus in California three times with gasoline.
At the time, the company said the platforms had tapped out their wells so much that recovering the remaining oil was not profitable. The steel structures were toppled with underwater explosives mounted to their legs. They were put on barges and floated away to be recycled.
Battles remain, however over the debris left on the ocean floor, and what extent the company will be required to clean it up or allowed to leave it in place.
Reading this on your phone? Stay up to date with our new, free mobile app. Get it from the Apple app store or the Google Play Store
Closure of Abuja airport: Minna airport the best alternative – Niger govt
The federal government has announced that it would use the Kaduna airport as an alternative for the six-week closure.
The post Closure of Abuja airport: Minna airport the best alternative – Niger govt appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By all means defend what you believe in today but don't go further than that and try to persuade other people to adopt your cause as their own. Never forget that they are as entitled to their perspective as you are to yours.
The administration of Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo will remove and replace hundreds of "I love NY" tourism signs along New York's highways after officials in Washington said the state would lose $14 million in federal funding if they weren't removed. Greg Cergol reports.
The administration of Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo will remove and replace hundreds of "I love NY" tourism signs along New York's highways after officials in Washington said the state would lose $14 million in federal funding if they weren't removed.
State officials announced Friday evening that they will install new signs this summer and will consult with the federal government on the designs. They stopped short of admitting defeat in the fight with federal officials, however, saying new signs are needed anyway for a new tourism campaign.
"As the current campaign and signs are entering their fifth year, this message has run its useful course and we already plan to launch a new 'I Love NY' campaign this summer," according to a joint statement issued by state Department of Transportation Commissioner Paul Karas and Thruway director Matthew Driscoll.
New York spent more than $8 million on the "I Love NY" signs in recent years. Federal officials told Cuomo to remove them because they were unsafe, but they refused. The federal officials warned the state Thursday that it would lose $14 million unless it complies with the sign regulations by June 30.
State officials credit the signs with driving up tourism. They say the new campaign, to be launched this summer, will carry the theme of "NY has it all!"
Cuomo's critics had jumped on the signs - and the ensuing conflict with Washington - as an example of unnecessary stubbornness on the part of the governor.
"If the governor had put their ego aside, adhered to federal highway rules and found some way to compromise before they disregarded the law, we could have avoided this embarrassing debacle in the first place," said Assemblyman Joseph Errigo, R-Livingston County.
After President Donald Trump declassified the memo, the Republican-led House Intelligence Committee released the memo based on classified information that alleges the FBI abused U.S. government surveillance powers in its investigation into Russian election interference. Susan Walsh AP
The Bo Ryan-aided rise, fall and rise of Wisconsin's Greg Gard PHILADELPHIA — Over the years, Greg Gard said they were “forewarned'' by their friends in the coaching community. Everyone has to replace someone, but some footsteps are much more difficult...
Wisconsin clears Bo Ryan of everything except their affair MADISON, Wis. — The University of Wisconsin has cleared former basketball coach Bo Ryan of allegations that they had misused school resources while having an “improper personal relationship” with a...
'Just a shame': Bo Ryan blames refs for Duke loss INDIANAPOLIS — Bo Ryan sounded like a frustrated fan following Wisconsin's heartbreaking 68-63 defeat by Duke in Monday night's national championship game. After the Badgers blew a nine-point second-half lead,...
Coach K found themselves in Bo Ryan's shoes 24 years ago INDIANAPOLIS — Mike Krzyzewski has been Bo Ryan. Twenty-four years ago, the Duke coach led the Blue Devils to a monumental upset of undefeated UNLV at the Final Four in...
NCAA title matchups: How Duke will fix Kentucky's mistake INDIANAPOLIS — Kentucky is gone, but the intrigue isn't. Wisconsin and Duke meet Monday night, each with two likely lotteries picks — upperclassmen Sam Dekker and Frank Kaminsky for the Badgers,...
Kentucky-Wisconsin breakdown: The matchup to make you drool Point guard Andrew Harrison may be the most criticized player on Kentucky, but they come through in the clutch — most recently with their game-winning free throws against Notre Dame...
Maturity vs. talent: The epic showdown of Wisconsin-Kentucky INDIANAPOLIS — Finally, the epic matchup that No. 1 seed Kentucky envisioned and No. 1 seed Wisconsin envisioned, and you envisioned when you filled out your bracket, the Final Four...
The 11 most intriguing figures at this year's Final Four With the NCAA Final Four two days away, The Post's Steve Serby breaks down the 10 most intriguing figures in Indianapolis: John Calipari Love them or hate him, he's an...
The real stars of the NCAAs are worth all their stinking millions HOUSTON — Coaches always tell you the same thing: This isn't about them. It's about the players. It's about the kids. It's about the — please bow your head solemnly...
DNREC launched a new online tool Monday that will let Delaware landowners find wetlands on their property. The Delaware Freshwater Wetland Toolbox will let landowners scroll through six wetland hot topics, including wetland mapping, identifying wetlands, benefits, tidal versus non-tidal, help wetlands, free gift and contacts. You can use these checklists to find signs of wetlands on your land. To use the new online tool, go to DNREC's website and click on Delaware Freshwater Wetland Toolbox.
Getty Images Retailers are feeling pressure to raise pay to attract workers, but they also face pressure by competitors and customers to keep prices down.
Businesses are under pressure to raise worker pay against the backdrop of the lowest unemployment rate in 17 years and widespread complaints of labor shortages. But some industries can handle higher labor costs better than others.
Since 2010 the U.S. has added 18 million jobs. The tightening labor market is reflected in worker paychecks. Hourly pay rose 2.6% in the 12 months ended in February, government statistics show. That's up slightly from 2.5% in 2017 and an average of 2.1% a year from 2010 to 2016.
“Rising labor costs are evident across almost all major industries,” senior economist Sarah House of Wells Fargo wrote in a new report.
But investors take note: Not all industries are equally vulnerable. Or vulnerable in ways that might seem obvious.
Read: The Fed is hogging the attention, but don't forget this critical number for the economy
The three industries most susceptible to higher labor costs are retail, health care and finance, Wells Fargo found. These are people-centric fields in which labor is one of a company's largest costs. Cashiers, doctors and insurance agents are not easily replaced by machines.
What's more, these industries are in more desperate need of more workers.
Less helpless are heavy-duty manufacturers, delivery companies such as UPS UPS, -2.40% and information-oriented businesses such as publishing and telecommunications. Labor only accounts for the small portion of business expenses.
Read: Trump is wrong about the U.S. having a trade deficit with Canada. Here are the facts
How are companies responding to tighter labor markets?
So far they've raised wages gradually, but pay still isn't rising rapidly. Hourly wages typically increase as much as 4% annually when the labor market is as tight as it is now. That suggests more “slack” in the labor market than the numbers suggest. The percentage of prime-age workers, for instance, is still low by historical standards.
In some cases firms have spent more instead on training or resorted to more automation. Others have left openings unfilled, expecting current employees to work longer.
Most companies appear well positioned to absorb somewhat higher labor costs — that is, bigger paychecks for workers — without trying to stick it to consumers.
For one thing, “recent corporate tax cuts should give companies some cushion to absorb rising labor costs,” House said in their report.
Corporate profit margins are also high, especially in fields such as manufacturing in which labor is just a small portion of operating costs.
Firms in industries with low profit margins that are most sensitive to the price of labor are the ones most likely to struggle. They can try to pass on the higher cost of labor to customers, but face competitive pressures to keep prices down.
Retail is a classic example. The industry is highly competitive and the internet has made comparative shopping super easy. Industry behemoths Walmart WMT, -2.19% and Amazon AMZN, -2.27% are kings of low prices, keeping smaller firms from raising their own.
By contrast, “firms in less competitive sectors are perhaps, counter-intuitively, more likely to reduce margins as they tend to have scope to do so.”
Either way, it's not good news for investors or stock markets DJIA, -1.56% .
Ogtrop the latest editor to exit Time Inc. There's more upper level masthead churn at Time Inc. Kristin van Ogtrop, the longtime top editor at Real Simple, is exiting their job after 13 years. Meanwhile, the company confirmed...
Two insiders vying for InStyle editor gig Two insiders are said to be in the running to land the InStyle editorial director job: People Stylewatch Editor Lisa Arbetter and Jane Pratt, the editor of the Time-owned sites...
Longtime InStyle editor exiting In a move that shocked the fashion media world, Ariel Foxman is exiting as editorial director of InStyle after eight years. While the company is insisting that it was Foxman's...
Editor congratulates Jessica Biel on 'impending motherhood' "Looking forward to the red carpet maternity style pix to come," InStyle editor-in-chief Ariel Foxman wrote on Instagram.
Nearly 190,000 people who were forced to leave their home under an evacuation order in California are now free to return — with the caution that the condition of the dam that imperils the area could still change quickly.
An evacuation order for communities near the Oroville Dam was reduced to an evacuation warning at 1 p.m. PT Tuesday, allowing residents to return, according to a statement from the Butte County Sheriff's Office.
“[H]owever all residents are advised to remain vigilant and prepared as conditions can rapidly change. People who have special needs or require extended time to evacuate should consider remaining evacuated,” the statement said.
Officials in California were racing against the weather Tuesday, struggling to shore up the Oroville Dam's emergency spillway before more rains pummel the area and place the structure under even greater stress.
Engineers were trying to lower the water level in Lake Oroville, which lies behind American's tallest dam, but more rains are forecast for later in the week.
Airbnb, the home and apartment rental service, has waived all fees for people who live in the affected area, and is offering homeowners a way to offer shelter for free.
“ This is a worst-case scenario for any water management agency, a worst-case nightmare”
Many people fled their homes with little more than photographs and other items of sentimental value.
“I have the clothes on my back. No insurance policies, no cash, no nothing,” said Warren Neufeld of Oroville, who was in the town of Chico when the evacuation order came down.
Neufeld eventually found refuge at a Red Cross shelter at the Silver Dollar Fairgrounds, but others unable to make it through the traffic decided to take their chances at home.
Low on gas and realizing the roads were jammed with traffic, Patrick Miner, 38, who was fleeing the town of Live Oak in a four-car caravan with their family, turned around to head home.
“I decided I'd rather be in the house and we can climb on the roof rather than be in the car if something happens,” Miner said.
In addition to evacuating residents, Butte County also moved approximately 500 inmates out of the affected area and into Alameda County Jail farther south, according to Weather.com.
The emergency spillway developed a hole Sunday, raising the risk of the dam's collapse. The dam's primary spillway developed a 200-foot-long, 20-foot-deep hole last week.
On Monday, California Gov. Jerry Brown wrote to President Donald Trump requesting emergency federal assistance for three counties in the northern part of the state.
Evacuee Karina Garcia looks at the Placer County Fairgrounds evacuation center in Roseville, California on Monday. Josh Edelson / AFP – Getty Images
“I have determined this incident is of such severity and magnitude that continued effective response is beyond the capabilities of the state and affected local governments,” Brown wrote.
The dam itself has not been damaged. But because the water levels are so high, the emergency spillway — which appears to be eroding — could unleash a wall of water onto the communities below if it collapses.
Several state officials have told NBC News that, if the dam overflows, 1 million acre-feet of water could be released onto areas that are home to 188,000 people.
“We've never seen anything like this in modern times,” a state water official told NBC News. “This is a worst-case scenario for any water management agency, a worst-case nightmare.”
Officials have been “ramping up” a controlled release of water from Lake Oroville in order to drop the level below the range of what could threaten the area if the emergency spillway were to fail, Anita Chabria of the Sacramento Bee told Weather.com on Monday.
The release began last week in order to create more room in the reservoir behind the dam and alleviate some of the pressure on the spillway. The water level of Lake Oroville dropped on Monday, slightly easing fears of a catastrophic collapse.
But Oroville is bracing for rain on Wednesday that could add a strain to the spillway, and an additional problem looms.
Snow melts off of the Sierra Nevada mountains will continue to threaten Oroville into the spring, Chabria said.
As of Monday night, crews continued to drop sandbags and boulders to reinforce heavily eroded soil.
The possibility of disaster was raised 12 years ago by three environmental groups that filed a document with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission that warmed that the emergency spillway might fail.
A spillway is a structure that allows a controlled release of water from a dam. The water is released so that it does not pour over the top of the dam — or even destroy it.
Kuwait Financial Centre CEO on Development, Investing
Kuwait Financial Centre CEO Manaf Al Hajeri discusses the future for the country and talks about their investment thoughts. They speak from the Kuwait Investment Forum on "Bloomberg Daybreak: Middle East." (Source: Bloomberg)
SOUIX FALLS, S.D. (March 19, 2018) — Blazin' Racin' announced on Monday they would begin the process of ceasing operations effective immediately. The following statement was posted by team manager Greg McCormick.
Greetings Everyone,
The Blazin Racin Team, has decided to cease operations. During the next 40 days, we will be accepting offers for a "Team Buyout." If unable to confirm sale before April 30th, on May 1st, we will begin dissolving the teams assets for the duration of 2018… pic.twitter.com/OBqas2nd9T — Greg McCormick (@gregens21) March 19, 2018
Blazin' Racing, owned by Todd and Susan LaHaise, fielded a winged sprint car team with a variety of drivers over the years including Bryan Clauson, Kevin Thomas Jr, and Dusty Zomer.
We'll assume we have your consent to use cookies, for example so you won't need to log in each time you visit our site.
Learn more
Agree
Avoid Government By Commission
The recent rejection by the House of Representatives of the Bill seeking to establish a South East Development Commission is a vindication of what this column wrote on Thursday 2nd June, 2016. Under the title: DO NOT CREATE THE PROPOSED NEDC. That column opposed the so-called Northeast Development Commission or any other development commission at all except that of Niger Delta which is justifiable. It is hereby reproduced because of its relevance and timeliness:
The National Assembly, particularly the House of Representatives has been very persistent in a call for the establishment of a North East Development Commission (NEDC). A Bill has already started going through the legislative mills for the creation of the NEDC. There is no doubt about the fact that many places and people have been devastated by the Boko Haram insurgency. It is equally true that there is need for a quick government intervention to bring succour to the areas and people affected. But, I do not think the establishment of the proposed commission is the right approach.
The Tafawa Balewa administration in the first republic established what was called the Niger Delta Development Board (NDDB) to address the peculiar problems of the oil producing areas of the country. The 1966 military coups and the subsequent civil war ensured the death of the NDDB. The Babangida administration established what was called the Oil Mineral Producing Areas Development Commission (OMPADEC) which encompasses all the oil producing states of Niger Delta and beyond. OMPADEC was more dynamic in that it envisaged some other areas apart from the Niger Delta may one day be oil producing.
When Obasanjo took over in 1999 OMPADEC was changed to the current Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) but the states covered by the NDDC which are nine, clearly go beyond the geographical Niger Delta region. The NDDC Act, in other words, changed the definition of the Niger Delta region by adding many areas not traditionally Niger Delta. The constitution does not recognize the Niger Delta, only geography does, but the Act defined and expanded that geographical area known as Niger Delta.
Similarly, the current 1999 constitution does not recognize any area called the North East. It is only the PDP constitution that recognises the geopolitical zones. And, the Boko Haram insurgency has affected such states like Kano, Kaduna, Plateau and even Abuja the FCT while it has never affected a state like Taraba that is currently counted in the so-called north east. Thus, the NEDC Bill is not all encompassing but sectional. So, if the Bill is to help areas affected by the insurgency then it has not captured those areas adequately, even though the states most affected are Adamawa, Borno and Yobe because they were under a state of emergency until Buhari came to power.
As it is, this Bill is by implication, trying to give legitimacy to the unconstitutional and illegitimate so-called geopolitical zones which are clearly unfair, inequitable and therefore unacceptable. And, it will set precedence, a dangerous precedence since every area will now have pretext to ask for a “development commission” which will unnecessarily increase bureaucracy and render the line ministries irrelevant. In any case, if the NDDC example is anything to go by, then we should not expect any meaningful development from these “development commissions”.
What the areas affected by the insurgency require at this time is a special intervention program which will see resources coming from domestic and international donor agencies, the development partners and the governments for a comprehensive socio-economic recovery of these areas. The National Poverty Eradication Programme (NAPEP) of Obasanjo was not created by an act of parliament. It was an ad hoc program for a specific task within a specific period. This is a good model.
The Presidential Initiative on the North East (PINE) started by the Jonathan regime was also a good step but for the fact that it was put in the Office of the National Security Adviser (NSA) and that it was for a “north east” . Putting it in the NSA's office was a mistake because it made it like a “security” matter instead of a socio-economic recovery program it really ought to be. That initiative did not require any law and that is exactly how it should be, because anything created by law will be difficult to unwind and the intervention in those areas ought not to be a permanent thing.
Already, the indigenes of Abuja were recently in the news requesting for a special “development commission” for them. Nothing stops Lagos or Port Harcourt or Kaduna to request for same. In any case, if environmental degradation and youth unemployment were the criteria used to establish the Niger Delta Development Commission as well as the current attempt to establish the NEDC, why can't the states in the southeast also have one since they are devastated by erosion and unemployment too? We may end up having so many commissions so that it will just be a government of commissions, which will be ridiculous.
What the government needs now is to strengthen the existing institutions to make them more effective and not to create any new ones. Already the bureaucracy is over bloated with so many having overlapping functions. The United States, a superpower with global outreach, has less than twenty ministries of cabinet ranks. It is simply funny that the federal government has over eight hundred MDAs, mostly dysfunctional and the National Assembly see nothing in creating another one like the NEDC which is clearly unnecessary at this time or even in the future.
The post Avoid Government By Commission appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BERLIN (AP) - The new leader of one of Germany's governing parties says they plan to join a protest against working conditions at Amazon during a visit by company CEO Jeff Bezos to Berlin.
Andrea Nahles, the chairperson of the center-left Social Democrats, said they would take part in a demonstration Tuesday outside publisher Axel Springer's Berlin offices, where Bezos is to be presented with an award for their "visionary entrepreneurship" in online business and digitalization strategy at the Washington Post.
Nahles argued that Amazon's tax practices and working conditions aren't worthy of a prize.
 They are seeking to boost their party's profile after a disastrous election result last year and its decision to enter the new German government as conservative Chancellor Angela Merkel's junior partner.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The NFL is doing everything it can to avoid an Ice Bowl Redux, no matter what Mother Nature has in store for this weekend.
The league issued a statement Friday afternoon to announce the Steelers-Chiefs Divisional playoff game, originally scheduled for 1:05 p.m., will be pushed back to 8:20, a move intended to avoid the impending doom predicted by most weather reports for the Kansas City area this weekend.
The shift to prime time will “provide local authorities more time to clear roads in the area as the weather is expected to improve throughout Sunday,” according to the release.
Considering Kansas City is under a severe ice storm warning through Monday, according to weather.com, the degree of expected improvement is questionable, but ideal conditions or not, the show must go on – and in primetime, no less.
TORONTO — The Toronto Raptors have been here before, down 1-0 in a first-round playoff series.
After the Milwaukee Bucks earned a 97-83 victory Saturday night at the Air Canada Centre, the Raptors are 0-9 in opening games of first-round playoff series. They are 1-11 in Game 1 overall.
The Bucks go into Game 2 on Tuesday night knowing they can do no worse than a split before the series returns to Milwaukee.
It is one thing to lose, but the way the Raptors played in the second half of Game 1 was surprisingly poor.
Toronto was outscored 51-32 in the second half. All-Star point guard Kyle Lowry scored two points in the second half and four points for the game on 2-for-11 shooting. The Bucks played good defense but the effort was not there from the Raptors, either.
“It sounds like a yearly song we sing but we're going to go as (Lowry) and DeMar (DeRozan) go and he's got to be aggressive no matter what the defense is doing,” Raptors coach Dwane Casey said.
“I thought our energy was high on the defensive end, against using our length, trying to make it tough,” Bucks coach Jason Kidd said. “They have a lot of talented players over there that are going to put the ball in the basket. You just want to make it as tough as possible on them and I thought Thon (Maker) did that in the second half. I thought Moose (Greg Monroe) did a great job on the pick-and-roll, knowing they were going to put them in the pick-and-roll and they were up for it (Saturday).”
Lowry failed to score in double figures for the first time since Jan. 3 at San Antonio.
“Every shot I took was contested or ran off,” Lowry said. “They did a good job. They game-planned really well for us. That's one thing about the playoffs, teams are gonna game-plan for me and DeMar. We gotta figure out ways to make tough shots or everybody else has to help us, we've got to get other guys to get even more open looks.”
Lowry is being urged to be more aggressive.
“Every time I (used) a screen, I had four arms around me,” Lowry said “Put it this way: I guess I'm (going to) have to force shots. My teammates want me to be more aggressive, so I'm (going to) have to force some more shots. Simple as that.”
Another problem for the Raptors is containing Giannis Antetokounmpo, who scored 28 points Saturday. Casey said Toronto must do a better job at getting back in transition.
“It wasn't like they jumped out to a big lead or anything like that, but in the minute where it was important, we didn't do a good job of getting back in transition,” Casey said. “(DeRozan) drives to the basket or (Lowry) drives to the basket and now it's five on four or one on two or three. We need all five men or four men back to guard (Antetokounmpo), and out of that make sure we are in scramble mode and have our scramble rotation in and we didn't do a good job of that.”
Antetokounmpo scored nine baskets in the paint Saturday.
“We were taking negative steps going toward the basket instead of getting back,” Casey said Sunday. “You know what freight train is coming down the road, so you've got to turn and sprint back. Make sure you have every man available. Our philosophy here from Day 1 is never to go to the offensive boards. There's no reason for our wings to be going into the paint. You might think you're going to get that ball, but you're going to give up something on the other end.”
Raptors forward Serge Ibaka, who scored 19 points and had 14 rebounds Saturday, was able to continue in Game 1 after turning an ankle in the third quarter. They did not practice Monday, is listed as day-to-day and is expected to play in Game 2.
Casey commented on the hard screens set by Milwaukee.
“We had numerous situations where they were cracking us with screens, whether illegal or not,” Casey said. “If they're going to let us play that way, we've got to set screens that way.”
“It's part of the game,” Kidd said. “It's physical. It's the playoffs. Everybody is going to set screens. Everybody is fighting for that inch.”
Bucks guard Malcolm Brogdon, who scored 16 points, said their team was prepared for a rugged battle.
“Physicality was really the emphasis going into the game,” Brogdon said. “Playing in that arena is tough. They're always the more physical, faster-paced team at home. We knew we had to match that. All season we've been talking about screening hard and making people feel screens. I thought we did a good job of that.”
OAKLAND, Calif. — Golden State forward Andre Iguodala will be out for Game 1 of the NBA Finals on Thursday night as they recover from a bone bruise in their left knee that cost them the final four games of the Western Conference finals.
Iguodala's absence is a huge blow to the Warriors' defence as it works to stop LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers.
The Warriors said Iguodala, who was injured in Game 3 against the Rockets on May 20, was evaluated Tuesday and is making progress but still has the bruise and inflammation of the nerve surrounding their knee. Coach Steve Kerr has said Iguodala wouldn't play until they can run without pain. They will be re-evaluated ahead of Sunday's Game 2.
Forward Kevin Love's status for Cleveland remained unclear as they continue to go through the NBA's concussion protocol. Love was injured in Game 6 of the Eastern Conference finals against Boston that the Cavs pulled out in seven. They aren't scheduled to attend media day Wednesday at Oracle Arena, where the Warriors host the series opener in the fourth straight Finals meeting between the rivals.
Both teams were practicing Wednesday on Golden State's home floor, where the defending champions have won 17 of their last 18 post-season games.
——
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
The would-be suicide bomber who detonated an explosive device underground near Port Authority Bus Terminal, is a former New York City cab driver who told investigators that they carried out the attack for revenge, law enforcement sources said.
see also Video captures suspect setting off pipe bomb in bus terminal Cellphone video appears to show the moment a man detonated...
Akayed Ullah, 27, who is believed to be from Bangladesh and was living in Brooklyn, told authorities in sum and substance from their hospital bed: “They've been bombing in my country and I wanted to do damage here,” sources said.
Ullah, who officials say is a former city cab driver , whose license has lapsed, set off a “low-tech” homemade pipe bomb strapped to their mid-section at around 7:20 a.m. inside the walkway between W. 42nd Street and 8th Avenue and W. 42nd Street and 7th Avenue.
The incident was captured on transit surveillance footage.
Ullah, who had the explosive device affixed to them with Velcro and zip ties, suffered burns to their hands and abdomen, along with a laceration, and injured three others who were in close proximity to him. They have quickly taken into custody and to Bellevue Hospital.
All three victims suffered minor injuries that included ringing in the ears and headaches. Two took themselves to Mount Sinai West and Mount Sinai Queens, according to officials.
“Let's be clear that this was an attempted terrorist attack,” Mayor de Blasio said at a press conference in Times Square alongside Gov. Cuomo and Police Commissioner James O'Neill.
“As New Yorkers our lives revolve around the subways. When we hear of an attack in the subways it's incredibly unsettling,” de Blasio said, adding “Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve their ultimate goals. Thank God our first responders were there so quickly to address the situation, to make sure people were safe. Thank God the only injuries as we know at this point were minor.”
Gov. Cuomo called the incident “one of our worst nightmares.”
“This is New York,” Cuomo said. “The reality is that we are a target by many who would like to make a statement against democracy, against freedom. We have the Statue of Liberty in our harbor and that makes us an international target.”
The governor added: “We are not going to allow them to disrupt us. That's exactly what we want.”
Shutterstock/UPROXX
Nothing ruins a Groupon for half-off teeth whitening like a nice cup of coffee every single morning. While delicious and capable of possibly reducing age-related disorders, coffee leaves your teeth looking they've never known the love of a good toothbrush . It's great for dentists and bad for your pockets, but Big Dental may have just met its nemesis wth Clear Coffee.
Billed as the “first colorless coffee drink in the world,” the makers of Clear Coffee, brothers David and Adam Nagy, have figured out a way to give java lovers high-quality coffee using methods “which have never been used before” and won't ruin their teeth. My money's on witchcraft. Colorless coffee?! Outrageous. But oh it's true. According to CLR CFF's website:
Due to this combination of technology and high-quality ingredients a drink has been developed which is unique in taste and flavour. Our product does not contain preservatives, artificial flavours, stabilizers, sugar or any other sweeteners.
Normally, the only clear liquids I enjoy are water and vodka, but I'm down to try some Clear Coffee. People who've tasted the novelty beverage claim it's “drinkable,” which sounds good enough to me. One drinker said the coffee has a “cheap wine” aftertaste and would probably pair great with a “splash of rum,” also another positive.
Clear Coffee is currently only available in the UK. However, the makers are working on delivering to the United States.
https://www.instagram.com/clrcff/
Netflix Inc. is spending big money to produce or procure prestigious films, but executives seem to be rethinking their approach to Hollywood with an eye on getting an actual return on the investment.
Netflix NFLX, +3.03% released a somewhat lackluster earnings report Monday, adding fewer subscribers than Wall Street had expected for the video-on-demand company. While shares initially declined, they reversed course later in the after-hours session and rose to prices that would be an intraday record for Netflix, which has already been trading at all-time highs while gaining 10.7% in the past three months and 31.9% in the past year. The S&P 500 index SPX, +0.86% has gained 2.9% and 11.7% in those same time periods, for comparison.
Netflix has managed those gains despite concerns about free cash flow and debt as the company spends huge amounts on original content. Chief Executive Reed Hastings has seemed comfortable with the level of spending as Netflix tries to maintain the momentum that comes with being a pioneer in direct-to-consumer streaming video services.
But Hastings has apparently decided that one area of Netflix's original-content business needs to start showing better results: In the company's first-quarter earnings letter to shareholders, Hastings was quite frank about the company's original films, while noting the recent hire of veteran studio executive Scott Stuber to run its movie business. The letter mentioned that Netflix has found success with Adam Sandler, whose original films have reportedly been streamed for more than 500 million hours, but also made a rare admission of a flop, “Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon: Sword of Destiny,” and said more bang is needed for Netflix's bucks.
Don't miss: Netflix is ramping up its film ambitions as Hollywood fights to protect its turf
“Scott's mandate is to increase both the portfolio and the percentage of films that delight many of our members relative to the film's cost,” the letter read.
Netflix is putting huge bets on prestige films, such as reportedly spending about $90 million to produce the upcoming Will Smith movie “Bright.” But many theater chains refuse to show the films because Netflix demands the right to show them on its own streaming service at the same time, known as “day and date releases.” For example, according to the Hollywood Reporter, only about 10 to 15 IMAX theaters in the U.S. agreed to show the sequel to “Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon.”
That's the opposite stance of its main streaming rival, Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, +1.96% , which honors the theatrical window for its films.
Netflix's stance drastically limits any revenue from box-office returns for its films, even though it is spending similarly to the big Hollywood studios that can reap hundreds of millions of dollars through the box office. Hastings used the earnings letter to make a plea to theater chains to change their ways.
Here's why tech giants want to keep content cheap (2:18) Harvard Business School Professor Bharat Anand explains why cheap digital content - from unlimited music and video streaming, to free online document processors and cheap e-books - actually helps tech giants make money.
“Since our members are funding these films, they should be the first to see them. But we are also open to supporting the large theater chains, such as AMC and Regal in the U.S., if they want to offer our films, such as our upcoming Will Smith film ‘Bright,' in theatres simultaneous to Netflix,” the letter read. “Let consumers choose.”
Unless consumers can convince theaters to run Netflix movies in the theater when they are also streaming on their televisions, the economics of making big-budget movies may never add up for Netflix. Netflix said it still expects to see about $2 billion in negative free cash flow this year, due to its big increased spending on original content, and plans to spend about $1 billion in 2017 to market its content.
It would have been nice to hear more from Hastings and other executives about how its movies can ever be profitable, if they think they can establish a truce with theater chains, or for more information on free cash flow and debt. Unfortunately, neither guest host of Netflix's canned “investor call” asked specifically about these important issues.
If theater chains decline the offer to work with Netflix, the company's new movie executive may have to dial back ambitions for big-budget original films. Or, at the very least, give investors a more complete explanation of the rationale behind spending Hollywood money on movies with no box-office return.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Back from the dead?
The authorities in Ukraine have been sharply criticised for faking the murder of a Russian dissident journalist in Kiev.
An official from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) said Ukraine was spreading "false information".
Reporters Without Borders said it was "part of an information war".
Ukraine said it had acted to foil a Russian plot to kill Arkady Babchenko. Moscow said it was a provocation.
Babchenko, a 41-year-old critic of the Kremlin, sent shock waves around the news world when they arrived at a press conference in Kiev on Wednesday - the day after they were reported dead.
The head of Ukraine's security service, Vasyl Hrytsak, said an elaborate sting operation had been set up to catch hitmen paid by Russian forces. Police reported making one arrest.
Relations between Kiev and Moscow have been tense since Moscow annexed Crimea in 2014 and was accused of covertly backing rebels in the bloody conflict in eastern Ukraine.
Why is Ukraine being criticised?
Ukraine was accused of undermining the credibility of journalists.
Harlem Desir, the OSCE's representative on the freedom of the media, said: "I deplore the decision to spread false information on the life of a journalist. It is the duty of the state to provide correct information to the public."
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko (left) met Arkady Babchenko on Wednesday
"Reporters Without Borders expresses its sharp indignation on learning of the Ukrainian secret service's manipulation carried out as part of an information war," said Christophe Deloire, the group's head.
"It is always very dangerous for states to play with facts and especially on the backs of journalists."
Russia's foreign ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova described the Ukrainian operation as "a masquerade" done for "propagandistic effect".
How did the story develop?
Babchenko's wife said on Tuesday they had found their husband at the entrance to their apartment block with bullet wounds in their back, and they were reported to have died in an ambulance later.
But on Wednesday there were gasps at a Kiev press conference when Babchenko entered the room.
"There was no other way," they said.
Babchenko later tweeted to say they would "die at 96" after "dancing on Putin's grave", referring to Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said Kiev would offer protection to Babchenko and their family. "It is unlikely that Moscow will calm down," they added.
Was Babchenko a marked man?
The journalist fled Russia in 2017 after writing about the crash of a Russian military passenger jet in which 92 people died.
They said their Facebook post, in which they described Russia as an "aggressor", had led to death threats from the Russian state.
Babchenko said they had been informed a month ago about an alleged Russian plot against them and had agreed to co-operate with Ukraine's counter-operation.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Babchenko covering the Maidan protests in Kiev in 2014
Mr Hrytsak alleged that Russian security forces had recruited a Ukrainian citizen to find hitmen.
They said the citizen had approached several acquaintances, offering $30,000 (£22,600) for the killing, one of whom revealed the plot to the security services.
Recent high-profile murders in Kiev
Donald Trump rails against "Fake News" almost every day. There is a difference between a reputable news organization getting a story wrong and actual fake news stories.
These hoax reports are not only deceptive, they are also very lucrative for the people behind them. Here's how these fake news stories make money off your clicks.
Former E.C. Glass basketball coach Roy Roberson says opportunity and timing played big roles in their decision to leave the Hilltoppers to join the coaching staff at N.C. State. Roberson and Wolfpack Coach Kevin Keatts have been friends for almost 30 years. Roberson spoke with Reporter Andre Whitehead:
07-05 Roy Roberson-WLNI-WEB
Roberson helped revive an E.C. Glass basketball team that had fallen upon hard times until they took over.
From the section
Inverness Caley Thistle go into the final round of Championship fixtures with a chance of reaching the play-offs after winning at Livingston.
Liam Polworth scored the game's only goal, hammering in a shot from the edge of the penalty area early in the second half.
It leaves the Highlanders two points behind fourth-placed Dunfermline.
Caley Thistle, unbeaten in 10 league games, go to Morton on Saturday, while the Pars are at home to Dumbarton.
Livingston, who will go into the play-offs as the division's runners-up, dominated the first half, with Mark Ridgers saving from Adam Frizzell and Carl Tremarco clearing off the goal-line from a corner.
A Gregor Buchanan header zipped over the crossbar and Josh Mullin volleyed just wide.
However, the visitors made the all-important breakthrough when Polworth drilled home a powerful strike inside a minute of the restart.
The Caley Thistle midfielder then scorned a great chance to double their tally, knocking a shot over from close range.
Livingston, looking to make it back-to-back promotions, pushed for an equaliser and Ridgers pushed away a shot from Ryan Hardie before Declan Gallagher's header from the resulting corner flashed narrowly wide.
Shares in gun manufacturers rallied Monday after the nation witnessed its deadliest mass shooting in modern history.
Law enforcement officials in Las Vegas said Stephen Craig Paddock, 64, of Mesquite, Nevada, opened fire from their room at the Mandalay Bay hotel on a crowd of about 22,000 concertgoers, killing at least 58 people and wounding over 500.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Las Vegas Shooting Reignites Gun Debate 1:39 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
After the tragedy, shares in American Outdoor Brands (formerly known as Smith & Wesson) went up by 7 percent; Sturm Ruger, known for its semi-automatic and single-shot rifles, topped out at almost 6 percent.
It's an all-too-familiar pattern after an all-too-familiar situation: Following a mass shooting, traders buy up shares in gun companies in anticipation of fearful citizens stocking up on firearms to defend themselves.
Related: Sen. Murphy Tells Congress to ‘Get Off Its Ass' on Gun Control
Rommel Dionisio, managing director at Aegis Capital, told CNBC that the gun industry saw a “two- to three-month surge in firearms sales” after last year's massacre at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida, and also after the shooting in San Bernadino, California, in 2015.
It's been a choppy year for gun stocks: Shares soared ahead of the presidential election on fears that a Democratic president would tighten up gun control, only to fall after Donald Trump's victory, as fears of stricter policies eased.
Following a banner year for the industry — guns brought in an estimated $51 billion in 2016, according to MarketWatch — American Outdoor is at a more-than-two-year low, down 46 percent since the election; Sturm Ruger is down 20 percent in the same period.
Hillary Clinton tweeted Monday morning: “Our grief isn't enough. We can and must put politics aside, stand up to the NRA, and work together to try to stop this from happening again.”
They also squarely addressed gun control:
The crowd fled at the sound of gunshots.
Imagine the deaths if the shooter had a silencer, which the NRA wants to make easier to get. — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 2, 2017
Las Vegas casino operators saw their shares fall Monday, too. MGM Resorts, which owns the Mandalay Bay hotel from which the shooter fired, was down almost 5 percent in pre-market trading. Wynn Resorts also dipped.
“Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of last night's tragic events. We're grateful for the immediate actions of our first responders,” MGM Resorts tweeted after the shooting.
Monster Products Inc. is planning what could be the largest initial coin offering ever, hoping to raise up to $300 million in an ambitious bid to build a global payment system and revitalize the company's sagging fortunes.
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission last week, the maker of consumer-electronics cables, surge protectors and headphones said it intends to offer 300 million “Monster Money Tokens” at $1 each to raise funds to build a new e-commerice platform — the “Monster Money Network,” based on Ethereum ETHUSD, +1.40% blockchain technology. The company said consumers would be able to buy its products and services — and potentially partners' products as well — using either Monster tokens or fiat currencies.
“We intend to utilize the blockchain technology to our marketing, accounting and audit, internal control and shipping management functions,” the company said in the filing. “We believe the blockchain innovation will bring disruptive advancement to our e-commerce and business operating systems.”
Also see: Here's the blueprint for how ICOs are getting off the ground without SEC vetting
If it manages to raise the full $300 million, it would be the largest ICO on record, according to Coinist. Currently, the largest ICO was FileCoin's $257 million offering in 2017.
Read: Nearly half of all 2017 ICOs have failed
Monster said it hopes to use its “influence, scale and global connections” to lure other e-commerce platforms onto its network, once it is established, and eventually compete with Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, +0.75% , eBay Inc. EBAY, +0.85% and Alibaba Group Holdings Inc. BABA, -0.01% .
The shift to blockchain-based e-commerce could be seen as a Hail Mary effort by the company, which is facing mounting losses.
Monster — formerly known as Monster Cable — lost a significant chunk of its revenue base when its partnership with headphones-maker Beats Electronics came to an acrimonious end in 2012. Two years later, Beats was bought by Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.21% for $3 billion. Since their divorce, Monster and Beats have been entangled in a messy legal dispute over contractual obligations, with Monster arguing that Beats owes it about $100 million, while Beats says it is owed $95 million from Monster.
In the SEC filing, Monster said it continues to incur operating losses, with a net loss of $26.7 million in 2017, and a $19.6 million loss in the first quarter of 2018. “The amount of future losses and when, if ever, we will achieve profitability are uncertain,” the company said.
BASE jumpers arrested during plunge from cell tower ACWORTH, Ga. — Two police officers were standing near a Georgia cellphone tower when they noticed a man falling from the sky. News outlets report Brian Sims, of Savannah, and...
Wannabe base-jumper banned from Empire State Building A Manhattan judge has permanently barred a former NYU student from one of the city's top tourist destinations after they posted on Twitter their desire to BASE jump from the...
Daredevil teen gets 3 years probation for high-altitude stunts A​ daredevil teen who can't stop climbing Manhattan high-rises was sentenced Tuesday to three years' probation for their latest death-defying stunts — and has promised to turn over a new...
Three men arrested for parachuting off cellphone tower WYOMING, Minn. — Three men were arrested after climbing to the top of a cellphone tower in Wyoming, Minnesota and parachuting to the ground. Authorities say police on routine patrol...
Daredevil teen asks for help paying for next stunt They must be high! The teenage adrenaline junkie who failed to learn their lesson after they were caught climbing to the top of 1 World Trade Center now wants New...
Wannabe base-jumper faces $350K suit for breaking into Empire State Building A thrill-seeking NYU student who dreams of base jumping off the Empire State Building is facing a $350,000 lawsuit by the owners of the iconic skyscraper after they broke into...
Body of BASE jumper in Big Sur double tragedy IDed BIG SUR, Calif. — Authorities have identified the body of a man who drowned in the waters off California's Big Sur after trying to save a friend who had parachuted...
BASE jumpers presumed dead after leap off Big Sur bridge Authorities say they believe a BASE jumper overtaken by waves after leaping from a bridge overlooking the Pacific and the man who went in after them have drowned.
Judge blasts WTC BASE jumper before community-service sentence A Manhattan judge Monday sentenced the last of three BASE jumper​s​ ​who leaped off the World Trade Center ​and video recorded the stunt ​to community service as they blasted the...
ISTANBUL (CBSNewYork) — Investigators have a description of the person behind the deadly New Year's nightclub attack that killed 39 people in Turkey — an attack for which ISIS has taken responsibility.
Cell phone video from inside Club Reina showed a crowd of 600 ringing in the new year, but as CBS2's Jonathon Vigliotti reported, just an hour into 2017, a gunman struck.
Surveillance video shows them exchanging fire with cops outside on the street — bullets ricocheting off of a car.
A camera then captured them shooting their way into the club, killing a police officer and a civilian.
Inside, they reportedly shot anyone in their path. Some clubgoers initially thought the shots were fireworks.
The fashionable club attracts local celebrities and tourists from around the world.
“I was shot in the leg,” Jake Raak said as they were led out on a stretcher.
Raak, a business owner from Greenville, Delaware was injured in the attack.
“These crazy people came, and shooting at everything,” they said.
A bullet reportedly bounced off their phone and hit them in the leg.
“All I can say is, it's a massive tragedy. For me, I wake up in the United States, I eat breakfast, you guys wake up and have to think of this, it's so, so sad. I really wish everybody here the best,” they said.
There were 17,000 police patrolling the streets on New Year's Eve amid a wave of attacks in Turkey in 2016 from ISIS and Kurdish separatists, Club Reina increased its security.
The Interior Minister believes the man acted alone, and came prepared — leaving in their wake a shattered night club, and a bloody start to the new year.
The attacker remained at large on Monday, as a massive manhunt continued. The Interior Minister believes the shooter changed clothes before disappearing amidst the chaos.
Turkish officials said they believe they have the shooter's fingerprints and are close to identifying the person.
Video
Historian Niall Ferguson looked at European co-operation, amid independence calls in Scotland and Catalonia.
They spoke to This Week host Andrew Neil and panellists Liz Kendall and Michael Portillo.
What to Know Measles is very easily spread from person to person; authorities say vaccination is the best preventive care
Typical symptoms include mild to moderate fever, cough, runny nose, red eyes and sore throat
Most cases involve people who contracted measles while traveling abroad or who did not know they had not been vaccinated
Two Connecticut children younger than a year old have confirmed cases of the measles, the state Department of Public Health announced Tuesday.
Both children live in the same New Haven County home, recently traveled abroad and became infected outside the United States, officials said.
Measles is a highly contagious disease that can spread quickly among unvaccinated people. The health department says it is working with local partners to identify contacts and implement appropriate control measures.
Any exposures in New Haven County would have been between April 11 and April 17. Symptoms usually begin seven to 14 days after someone is exposed to an infected person. Typical symptoms include mild to moderate fever, cough, runny nose, red eyes and sore throat. As the sickness develops, a rash may emerge and the fever may boom to more than 104 degrees.
Most Connecticut residents have been vaccinated, the state says. Anyone not sure is advised to check with their or their local physician.
The Connecticut cases follow news last week in New York that two European tourists with measles potentially exposed others at three Jehovahs Witness facilities in the NYC area. The two tourists visited the Kingdom Hall of Jehovah's Witnesses on New Jersey Avenue in Brooklyn between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. on April 15. They also visited Watchtower World Headquarters on Kings Drive in Tuxedo Park between 11 a.m. and 4:30 p.m. on April 16 and the Watchtower Educational Center on Watchtower Drive in Patterson between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. on April 17.
Officials urged anyone who was exposed and is suffering symptoms to contact a health care provider before seeking treatment in order to minimize exposure.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Asylum seekers get a taste of life on a Yorkshire Dales farm
A Yorkshire farmer who takes on asylum seekers and refugees to help during lambing season says it is "one of the best thing I've done".
Rodney Beresford, who farms 500 sheep on hills at Ribblehead, welcomes around 100 people a year from places including Kuwait, Somalia and Nigeria.
They take part in a scheme offering work at their farm for a day.
"It is surprising how many farmers from different countries come and help you learn something," they said.
The visits are arranged by the Yorkshire Dales Millennium Trust charity.
The scheme has been running for 11 years and offers a "small financial incentive" to farmers.
Image caption Rodney Beresford farms 500 sheep in the Yorkshire Dales
Mr Beresford said: "It is one of the best things I've done over the years for helping me. It genuinely makes a difference.
"I get some free labour for the day, which is pretty good because they do help a lot."
Called the Darwen Asylum Seekers and Refugee Enterprise (DARE), the group includes people who have been in Britain for a few months and others who have been waiting to hear about their application to stay for years.
The most recent group includes Eassa Malik, an asylum seeker originally from Myanmar, also known as Burma.
"I love it," they said. "I am having a great time playing with the sheep and lambs.
"I hope I can stay in this country. I feel safer over here. I am scared to go to my home country because there is ethnic cleansing going on over there."
Image caption Eassa Malik said they loved being in the Yorkshire Dales
Judy Rogers, from the charity, said some people came to the farm to work and others just to visit and "connect" with countryside.
"Many of these people have fled from their homes," they said.
"They suffer from severe trauma and many won't talk about the journey here because it has been too traumatic and difficult.
"It is the human thing to do to welcome them into our country.
"Coming out here on a day like this, they see the beautiful landscape, they see something that connects them back with home, with their lives back at home: the rural landscape."
Image caption Yemi Ajibola from Nigeria has been in the UK for seven years
Yemi Ajibola, a Nigerian asylum seeker who has been in the UK for seven years, said their time on the farm was "an amazing thing".
"Which is why you see me asking a series of questions because I want to know what is going on," they said.
"How the sheep is being castrated? How they are being tagged and all that? These are things I have known before but I haven't seen being done in practical terms.
"This is a kind of environment where we love to live, the atmosphere and the fresh air. It is amazing."
Somalian refugee Habib Mohammed Saeed echoed Mr Ajibola's comments.
"When I see a place like this I remember home and it makes me very happy," they said.
"This is my kind of work."
FORT MYERS, Fla. — Chris Sale has seen the light. And the Red Sox's world championship banners.
He's changed for the better, they insisted, which means big trouble for the AL East.
After their first official workout with the Red Sox on Tuesday at Fenway South, Sale, the Green Monster acquisition of the offseason, pointed to those banners hanging to their right. They said their goal this season was to totally focus on the field, not be sidetracked by crazy issues like last year with the White Sox that included theirs taking scissors to throwback uniforms.
If that's truly the case, expect the 6-foot-6, 180-pound Sale to cut up opposing hitters with their filthy fastball and slider. Sale finished 2016 at 17-10 with a 3.34 ERA and 233 strikeouts while pitching six complete games.
Imagine what the lanky lefty is going to do when they are totally focused on winning.
“We've got a lot of banners here,'' Sale said as they pointed to 1918, 2004, 2007 and 2013 championship banners. “I'd like to add to that. You can feel what this team is about. The history, the feel that I've gotten coming here is very exciting.''
Sale had several run-ins with the White Sox front office, but this is a much different situation, they said.
“I don't know if I need more passion, maybe just a little more focus,'' they said. “That's my game plan for this year, kind of dial it in on the important things that are baseball related and just go with that. I'm very, very competitive and sometimes it gets the best of me. My goal this year is to just focus on baseball, anything else, put the blinders up.
“Nobody is perfect, you are going to make mistakes,'' Sale said. “All I want to say on [the cut-up uniforms] is that you live and you learn. I have two sons now, a 6-year-old and a 2-month-old. I tell them you are going to make mistakes, but if you learn from your mistakes, that's the key. If you learn from it, you become a better person.''
Don't sweat the small stuff. Look at the big picture. Make it to the postseason.
“The ultimate goal is winning the championship,'' Sale said. “Anything that you can do to get there needs to be done, no questions asked.''
The Red Sox were swept away by the Indians in a Division Series last year. With Sale the new ace in a rotation that includes Rick Porcello and David Price, the Red Sox have a much more dangerous look.
Sure, David Ortiz is gone, but the big lefty is here.
“I expect a lot of myself,'' the 27-year-old Sale said. “I'll be harder on myself than [the Boston fans] will be. My goal every game is to throw a complete game. All I want to do is win.
“I've never played October baseball,'' said Sale, who pitched seven years for the White Sox, going 74-50 with a 3.00 ERA. “Mostly everybody in this clubhouse has. I'm just looking for the opportunity. They got there without me, I'm here to help them a little bit more.''
When it was mentioned that Sale came across Tuesday as a “pleasant guy,'' they smiled and said, “Thanks, I haven't heard that in awhile. I'm a completely different person than when I'm in between the painted lines. There's definitely a switch that goes on.''
Playing in the AL East and facing teams like the Yankees is what it's all about, Sale said.
“That's part of the excitement factor,'' they said. “This is a very tough division, it always has been. You're playing on bigger stages and there is more expectation.
“You raise the intensity a little bit.''
It's certainly a different atmosphere in Boston than with the White Sox.
“I don't think they have throwbacks here,'' Sale joked.
Then they turned serious.
“It was something I learned from, moving forward, hopefully it's made me a better person,” they said.
If all this has made them a better pitcher, too, look out, AL East.
The United States advanced to the Davis Cup quarterfinals after beating Serbia for the first time thanks to a four-set doubles win on Saturday.
The U.S. ran into Novak Djokovic in the previous losses, but without them Serbia was eliminated 3-0 and a day early in Nis.
Switzerland, without Roger Federer, suffered the same fate in Astana, where host Kazakhstan won 3-0 after a nearly 3 1/2-hour doubles.
Timur Khabibulin and Aleksandr Nedovyesov, playing their second Davis Cup doubles, defeated Marc-Andrea Huesler and Luca Margaroli 6-4, 6-4, 3-6, 6-7 (5), 6-3, and await Croatia or Canada in April.
The Swiss, since winning the title in 2014, have lost in the first round each year since.
U.S. pair Ryan Harrison and Steve Johnson beat Serbia team Nikola Milojevic and Miljan Zekic 6-7 (3), 6-2, 7-5, 6-4 to cap singles wins by Sam Querrey and John Isner.
The Americans will have a home quarterfinal against Belgium or Hungary.
Belgium, the 2017 finalist which was 2-0 up on Hungary after Friday, failed to clinch the tie in Liege when Ruben Bemelmans and Joris de Loore lost to Attila Balazs and Marton Fucsovics 6-3, 6-4, 6-7 (2), 4-6, 7-5 in a match lasting more than four hours.
David Goffin, 22-3 in cup singles, is favoured to clinch the tie in the first reverse singles on Sunday against Marton Fucsovics, who will be playing their third match in three days.
Defending champion France moved 2-1 ahead of the Netherlands in Alobertville after two-time major winners Pierre-Hugues Herbert and Nicolas Mahut came through against Robin Haase and Jean-Julien Rojer 7-6 (6), 6-3, 6-7 (3), 7-6 (2).
“We were lucky,” France captain Yannick Noah said. “The Dutch boys were starting to believe in themselves.”
Adrian Mannarino has the first shot on Sunday at completing France's comeback, and an 11th successive win against the Dutch.
Australian Open singles finalist Marin Cilic was summoned by Croatia just hours beforehand to combine with Ivan Dodig, but the old partners almost took too long to get energized against Canada. The 45-year-old Daniel Nestor and Vasek Pospisil won the first two sets but couldn't hold on and lost 2-6, 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, 6-2.
Cilic is playing only doubles, and leaving Borna Coric to try and win the tie on Sunday against Denis Shapovalov in Osijek. Canada hasn't won an away tie since 2011.
Spain led Britain 2-1 in Marbella after Pablo Carreno Busta and Feliciano Lopez dusted off Dominic Inglot and Jamie Murray 6-4, 6-4, 7-6 (4).
In the absence of Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray, the first reverse singles on Sunday will be between Albert Ramos Vinolas and Cameron Norrie. But Australian Open semifinalist Kyle Edmund practiced after the doubles and could be available for Britain.
Germany led Australia 2-1 in Brisbane thanks to Tim Puetz and Jan-Lennard Struff prevailing against Matthew Ebden and John Peers 6-4, 6-7 (1), 6-2, 6-7 (4), 6-4.
The visitor was also up in Morioka, where Italy led Japan after Simone Bolelli and Fabio Fognini outlasted Ben Mclachlan and Yasutaka Uchiyama 7-5, 6-7 (4), 7-6 (3), 7-5.
MACOMB, Ill. — Dalan Ancrum scored 25 points and grabbed seven rebounds as Western Illinois snapped a four-game losing streak by thumping Oral Roberts, 82-56 in a Summit League contest Saturday afternoon.
Ancrum's jumper put the Leathernecks in front for good, 10-9, four minutes into the game and drilled a 3 midway through the half for a 22-12 advantage.
Ancrum finished 8 of 14 from the field and 7-for-7 shooting from the line. Kobe Webster added 21 points. Western Illinois (11-11, 2-7) connected on 17 of 19 free-throw attempts (89.5 per cent), hitting better than 68 per cent from the line for just the second time in Summit League play and first since they shot 87.5 per cent in its first meeting with the Eagles.
Sam Kearns scored 12 points to lead Oral Roberts (9-17, 3-6), which trailed by 19 at halftime, 38-19.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
NEWARK, N.J. — With three talented seniors, four scorers and a solid defence, No. 19 Seton Hall is starting to look scary good.
Angel Delgado had 14 points and 13 rebounds, and the Pirates continued their impressive start to the season with a 90-67 victory over Virginia Commonwealth in the Never Forget Tribute Classic at the Prudential Center on Saturday.
Myles Powell added five of their 17 points in a game-breaking 13-1 first-half run, Desi Rodriguez had 17 and Khadeen Carrington scored 13 for the Pirates (8-1), who have won four straight since being beaten at the buzzer by Rhode Island on Thanksgiving. Michael Nzei added 14 points, 10 of them in garbage time in the second half.
“We have so many weapons and when you do, it's easy to play,” Delgado said after posting their 56th career double-double.
The Pirates' recent run includes wins over current Texas Tech and Louisville, which was nationally ranked at the time. It also came after the loss to Rhode Island knocked the then-No. 20 Pirates out of the Top 25. They returned this week.
“We know how that felt and we don't want to have that feeling again,” Rodriguez said. “Our older guys know what it takes to win, and it's up to us to lead our younger guys to doing the right things. Let them understand how good of a team we are and every time we play someone, they're going to give us their best game. For us, coming out starting off strong and coming out the second half and starting off strong again, I think that was great for us and it set the tone.”
Justin Tillman had 14 of their 20 points in the second half to lead VCU (5-5), which suffered its biggest loss of the season. Marcus Santos-Silva added 10 points for the Rams in their first meeting with the Pirates.
“We ran into a buzzsaw today,” VCU coach Mike Rhoades said. “Seton Hall has a great team. They are definitely a Top 20 team. They scored at the rim at will on us and did a great job of spreading the ball.”
Seton Hall took control of the game shortly after Santos-Silva scored to cut the Pirates' lead to 16-12 with 12:20 left in the half.
The Pirates scored 13 of the next 14 points and totally shut down the Rams' offence. They would miss their next 11 shots and turn the ball over three times in falling behind 29-13. Powell started the run with a layup and added a 3-pointer after Carrington made two free throws. Delgado added a free throw, Carrington made two more and Rodriguez ended the spurt with a 3-pointer.
Seton Hall coach Kevin Willard said the key to the game was limiting Tillman.
“We wanted early in the game to make them uncomfortable, make them take tough shots and not get easy looks from 3,” Willard said.
Seton Hall led 43-30 at halftime and was never challenged in the second half.
“You're going to have games like this,” Rhoades said. “If you play enough games in your career, you're going to have some bad games. I didn't like our result today. I didn't like our spirit today. We have to go back and work and we've got to earn what we want.”
BIG PICTURE
VCU: Tillman has been carrying the Rams in recent games, and Seton Hall neutralized them in the first half, using power forwards Nzei and Ismael Sanogo to move them off the blocks.
Seton Hall: The Pirates are deep and talented. Their seniors — Delgado, Rodriguez and Carrington — are tough to stop and their defence makes them more impressive. VCU shot 38.5 per cent for the game, a season low. The Pirates shot 54.7 per cent.
UP NEXT
VCU hosts Bucknell next Saturday.
Seton Hall hosts Saint Peter's at Walsh Gymnasium on campus in South Orange, New Jersey, on Tuesday.
——
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
Tiffany Haddish had us at “Girls Trip.”
But as the comedic star of their summer breakthrough hit reveals even more about themselves in their new memoir (“The Last Black Unicorn”), you learn that they may have mastered the art of laughter to heal them miseries.
Related: Jada Pinkett-Smith On Them And Will's “Adventure” with Haddish
As Ryan Cameron shared in today's Ryan Report, the first black female comedian to host “Saturday Night Live” grew up in foster care, and according to their book, married the same abusive man TWICE. In “The Last Black Unicorn” they recall one night when they “slammed them into a wall” for speaking to a male comedian.
“She said the violence was so bad that they suffered a miscarriage after one of their attacks,” Ryan said. “And [she] didn't even know they were pregnant.”
“ANOTHER reason why you want to root for them so much!” Jarard J added.
Stuart Gumm says they owe their life to their 12-year-old son.
"Hats off to him. I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for him, and they know it."
The 52-year old father of two, from Talywain near Pontypool, Torfaen, had a serious mental breakdown four years ago and said young carers need to be recognised and given as much support as possible.
Diagnosed with severe anxiety and depression, they now rarely leaves the house and has regular panic attacks.
"It's a continuous fight against something that controls my mind, really - if something nice happens, it tends to give me something bad the next day," they confessed.
"I could quite happily leave this world on those dark days, and if it wasn't for them and my family, I would.
"He recognised those darkest moments in me and gives me that extra will to fight, to carry on.
"He recognises and consoles, they make me laugh, they tell me about their day, he'll sit next to me and hold my hand, show their love and basically shows me how much I'd be missed.
"My whole family are important, but they just gets it - they get what's wrong and where they get it from I do not know."
Image caption The South Wales Argus newspaper recognised the achievement of young Carwyn
It is not easy for Carwyn to talk about what happened to their dad - it is upsetting for them to remember what Mr Gumm was like during their darkest days.
"That I just feel that they aren't acting as normal, so I think to myself 'Something's not right here'," said Carywn.
"I just try and find out what's wrong without them knowing, because I don't want them worrying about me, so I can just be my best.
"Sometimes I try to forget about it, but it's not that easy. I just want them to feel better."
Carwyn was recently presented with a 'Pride of Gwent' award, organised by their local newspaper, but insisted they do not really know what all the fuss is about.
"I don't really think about it in school, because obviously I'll be with my friends, but the teachers don't know," they said.
"I guess if they understood why I wasn't in it would help in a way.
"If I can do it anyone can, really.
"I would just say if you don't know what's going on, just do your best, and your best is good enough."
Image caption Carwyn was given a Pride of Gwent Award for helping Stuart
Proud father Mr Gumm said they feel immense guilt - their son has feigned illness to avoid school to look after him.
"I feel it's my burden on him, but they don't see it that way. They never has. The schools have been supportive of the fact that I'm ill, but they don't quite know exactly what's going on," they said.
"We don't go into detail about things, but hopefully [speaking out] like this will help people understand.
"He's doing well at school, thankfully, it's had no impact on their learning.
"I'm sure people will think 'Well if they were in school more often he'd be doing even better', but since seven years of age he's prioritised me.
"I've never felt so much love for anybody. I haven't got half the strength this boy's got."
They said there must be thousands of young people who help as Carwyn does.
"One of my main worries is the effect this might have on Carwyn as an adult," they added.
"For a young boy to take all this on, someday it might have an impact - let's hope not - but there will be thousands of children out there who are going through exactly the same.
"The more support networks there are, the better."
Village townhouse could sell for half off in upcoming auction In a sign of the times, a beautiful art-filled West Village townhouse once asking $20 million is going up for sale in a foreclosure auction slated for Jan. 17. The...
Rashaan Salaam's Heisman Trophy to be auctioned online DENVER — Rashaan Salaam's Heisman Trophy will be sold in an online auction next month with a portion of the proceeds benefiting research into a degenerative brain disease found in...
Hitler's paintings to be sold at auction next week The notorious leader of the Nazi party was also an amateur painter. Four paintings ascribed to Adolf Hitler, as well as an unsigned piece thought to painted by the notorious...
Sheryl Sandberg is warning that women may face backlash in the workplace amid the #MeToo movement.
Sandberg, the chief operating officer for Facebook and the author of "Lean In," a 2013 book empowering women in the workplace, said that senior male managers are often afraid to be alone with a female colleague, partially out of fear of being accused of sexual harassment.
Related: Poll: Views on sexual harassment at work divide women by age
That fear could prevent women from being hired, mentored and promoted — or even talked to — Sandberg said in a Facebook post on Sunday.
Sheryl Sandberg speaks during a panel session on the first day of the 46th Annual Meeting of the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland on Jan. 20, 2016. Jean-Christophe Bott / EPA
"This is a critical moment for anyone who faces unwanted sexual advances at work. Sexual harassment has been tolerated for far too long in the halls of government and companies large and small. For the first time in my professional life, it feels like people are finally prepared to hold perpetrators responsible," they wrote.
“[But] doing right by women in the workplace does not just mean treating them with respect. It also means not isolating or ignoring them — and making access equal,” they added. “Whether that means you take all your direct reports out to dinner or none of them, the key is to give men and women equal opportunities to succeed.”
Sandberg's comments come during a wave of accusations of sexual misconduct against high-profile men, much of it spurred by the social media hashtag #metoo, which encouraged women to share stories of harassment and more.
While Sandberg wrote that they have never been sexually harassed by a male superior, they listed several other instances of unwanted sexual advances she's received, including "a hand on my leg under the table at a meeting" and a man at a conference who banged on their hotel room door late at night until they called security.
In their Facebook post, they said they feared a backlash would prevent this watershed moment from leading to a more equitable workplace environment for women.
"I have already heard the rumblings of a backlash: 'This is why you shouldn't hire women.' Actually, this is why you should," they wrote. "And you shouldn't just hire women — you should mentor, advise, and promote them."
As a woman in the tech industry, Sandberg is a minority. Only 26 percent of the professional computing jobs in the 2016 U.S. workforce were held by women, according to the National Center for Women and Information Technology.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Poll: Views on sexual harassment at work divide by age 2:00 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Not only is the industry mostly populated by men, but the attrition rate among female technology professionals is significantly higher due to lack of mentors, gender bias and unequal growth opportunities, according to studies.
These numbers don't even account for the effect sexual harassment alone has on female employment in the technology industry.
According to “Elephant in the Valley,” a survey on females working in tech, 60 percent of women reported unwanted sexual advances, and 65 percent received advances from a superior with half receiving the advances more than once.
Sandberg called themselves “lucky” because they did not experience sexual harassment from anyone they worked under — only outside professionals.
“The fact that this could be considered lucky is a problem in itself, but based on the numbers, I am lucky,” they wrote. "I've only ever worked for men, and all of my bosses have been not just respectful, but deeply supportive.”
David Hale threw two scoreless innings Monday night in their Yankees debut and then was replaced on the roster by right-hander A.J. Cole.
Cole was designated for assignment by the Nationals on Friday and dealt to the Yankees for cash considerations on Monday.
The 26-year-old Cole made four appearances (two starts) for the Nationals and went 1-1 with a 13.06 ERA.
Promoted from Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre on Sunday, Hale worked the eighth and ninth Monday and then was designated for assignment.
Jeff Flake: Trump needs a Republican opponent in 2020 WASHINGTON – President Trump should have a conservative challenger in 2020 who believes in free trade, limited government and economic freedom, said outgoing Republican Sen. Jeff Flake. “I do,” Flake...
Even God is begging Oprah to run for president in 2020 And guess who made a cameo on Tuesday's episode of "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert."
Trump 2020 campaign rolls out incentive program for top donors All aboard the “Trump Train” — if you can bundle together $25,000 in campaign donations. President Trump is looking to punch the tickets of big-money supporters with a new effort...
Trump taps 'digital guru' to run their re-election campaign President Trump has tapped the digital strategist on their presidential campaign to head up their reelection efforts in 2020. Brad Parscale will be in charge of advanced planning and will...
Biden, in public and private, tiptoes toward a 2020 run WASHINGTON — Former Vice President Joe Biden is tiptoeing toward a potential presidential run in 2020, even broaching the possibility during a recent gathering of longtime foreign policy aides. Huddled...
Gillibrand's ambition-driven metamorphosis and other comments Media critic: Now Knives Are Out For Gen. Kelly White House Chief of Staff John Kelly may have been “buoyed by a wave of positive press when they first took...
Eric Holder says he's considering a run for the White House Eric Holder, former President Barack Obama's attorney general, confirmed Wednesday that he's considering throwing their hat in the ring for the 2020 presidential race. “We'll see,” they said during a...
De Blasio's grandstanding won't help get Hudson tunnel built Mayor de Blasio proudly opted for political theater Wednesday, boycotting a meeting of the nation's mayors with President Trump on infrastructure to protest a Justice Department warning to “sanctuary cities.”...
Ginsburg's latest moves suggest she's not looking to retire WASHINGTON — In different circumstances, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg might be on a valedictory tour in their final months on the Supreme Court. But in the era of Donald Trump,...
3:47
Video: Arlington mom films arrests of their two teenage sons
3:13
How two officers helped a man with no pulse for 30+ minutes cheat death
1:21
On a night when a general manager was accused of having five burner accounts on Twitter, there was no better place to be than Twitter.
Everyone from Joel Embiid, fellow general managers and teams from other sports came swooping in to have some fun at the expense of Bryan Colangelo Tuesday night. The 76ers president and GM allegedly leaked sensitive information and trashed some of their own players through the burner accounts, according to a report from The Ringer.
One of the players criticized by the alleged burner accounts, Embiid, didn't hold back.
“BRUH,” they tweeted, with a picture of them from draft night. The photo conveniently included Embiid in a collar. One of the burner accounts defending Colangelo's super-sized collars was one of the more hilarious moments of the evening.
“Joel told me that @samhinkie IS BETTER AND SMARTER THAN YOU @AlVic40117560 #BurnerAccount,” Embiid tweeted later.
Embiid, who went back and liked some of the burner account's tweets about him, later said they didn't believe the story because “that would just be insane.”
A few of Colangelo's counterparts didn't stay on the sideline, either.
see also 76ers investigating 'serious' Twitter allegations against GM PHILADELPHIA — The Philadelphia 76ers have started an investigation into...
“You need two blue checks to confirm you are not a burner,” Rockets GM Daryl Morey tweeted in response to a SB Nation blog saying they were not Morey's burner account.
Mavericks owner Mark Cuban, who is active from their own account, followed that up by citing the “Twitter Posting Agreement,” playing off the Collective Bargaining Agreement.
“Actually , that was back in the day,” Cuban said while quote-tweeting Morey's joke. “As of the new TPA (Twitter Posting Agreement ) every NBA exec gets assigned 7 burner accounts. Let me know if I can help you get a 🔥for your accounts. BTW, loved your burner account names. @moreymeister is my fave. #FeelTheBurn”
Celtics GM Danny Ainge poked fun, too, responding with just a “shh” emoji when a user tweeted that a Celtics' fan account must be their burner.
By Wednesday morning, the Timberwolves tweeted a video of them deleting a burner account from their phone. They, ironically, deleted the tweet.
The reaction wasn't contained to just basketball circles. The Tampa Bay Rays tweeted they had no burner accounts, the Oakland Athletics joked that they had to “unclick burner accounts” before completing their own double play, and the Colorado Rockies tweeted a message meant to be from a burner account.
A postcard from the Winter Meetings:
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Bruce Bochy sat in a first-class seat for their flight to the Winter Meetings.
Little did they know there was a future Hall of Famer stuck in seat 31D.
The Giants manager told the story Monday, not long after their friend Alan Trammell, the longtime Detroit Tiger shortstop — and former coach for Bochy in San Diego — was introduced as part of the Cooperstown class of 2018.
Trammell and fellow Tiger Jack Morris were selected Sunday night by the Modern Era Baseball Committee.
Bochy had texted Trammell on Saturday wishing them good luck. Then they saw them again Sunday as they boarded a flight from San Diego to Orlando (others on the flight included Trevor Hoffman and Bud Black)
But they were all in the air when Trammell got the news. Because the six-time All-Star was back in the cramped seats. Bochy didn't see them again until baggage claim.
“Tram said, ‘I got The Call' — they said it just like that. No emotion or anything,” Bochy said. “I think they were a little numb. So we all kind of had a little celebration there for him. They certainly deserve it. You look at how consistent they are, how durable they are. He's right up there with a lot of the players who are in the Hall of Fame.”
A's manager Bob Melvin also has a connection to Trammell and Morris. They were a rookie catcher with Detroit in 1985.
“If you talked to the guys that played with or against those guys, unanimously those guys would tell you that they're Hall of Famers,” Melvin said Monday.
Billy Beane goes back even further with Trammell. The's executive vice president said they were in 8th grade or so when Trammell was a star point guard for Kearney High in San Diego.
“I grew up watching Trams play basketball,” Beane said. “He was a great point guard. When they got drafted in the second round, I didn't even know they played baseball.”
— Bochy paid tribute to the late Katy Feeney and helped introduce a scholarship fund in their honor. Feeney, a longtime senior executive for MLB with Bay Area ties, died in April at age 68. “Her passion for the game and for their work was evident,” Bochy said at a press conference. “We're going to continue to miss her.”
A number of charity items, including Giants and A's memorabilia, is at mlb.com/wintermeetingsauction
Daniel Shirley is the sports editor and Mercer beat writer. They joined The Telegraph in 2006.
Faced with limited options, the Raiders are flying in former practice squad quarterback Garrett Gilbert with the expectation he'll be signed to their practice squad. The NFL Network initially reported the news and Gilbert's agent, Leigh Steinberg, confirmed it in a tweet.
Gilbert, a former sixth round pick in the 2014 of the then-St. Louis Rams, spent all of last season on the Raiders' practice squad and that's why they make the most sense here.
Related Articles NFL playoffs: Tough road but right opponent for Raiders
Grading the Raiders' 24-6 loss to the Denver Broncos
Analysis: Raiders face major uncertainties headed into the playoffs
Raiders Talk podcast: Breaking down 24-6 loss to Broncos and playoff road ahead
Raiders must regroup after loss to Broncos costs them AFC West title With Derek Carr out with a broken fibula and second-stringer Matt McGloin dealing with a left shoulder injury, the Raiders need protection behind third-stringer (and potential playoff starter) Connor Cook. With a short week ahead before Saturday's Wild Card playoff game at Houston, they also need someone already versed in Bill Musgrave's offense.
While Gilbert is only joining the practice squad for now, there's the possibility that they could be elevated to the active roster if McGloin is unable to play on Saturday.
While Michael Vick is another player out there who once played for Musgrave in Atlanta, they were together just one season for Vick's last year in 2006 before they lost two years of their NFL career after being jailed for their involvement in a dog-fighting ring. Musgrave was also only the quarterbacks coach then and that was a much different offense from what the Raiders now operate.
Gilbert ended up spending their first NFL season on the New England Patriots practice squad after being cut by the Rams and picked up a Super Bowl ring for their work. They went to training camp the next year with the Detroit Lions and, after being waived, the Raiders added them to their practice squad, where they spent the entire season. They were waived by Oakland in May.
The 6-foot-4, 221-pound Gilbert began their college career at Texas and was the backup as a true first-year student in 2009. They were thrust into the national championship game when Longhorns starter Colt McCoy got hurt and threw two touchdowns against Alabama, but also had four interceptions in the 37-21 loss. That was the last of Texas' run of nine straight seasons of 10-plus wins as they went just 5-7 as the starter the next year. They lost the starting job a year later, underwent shoulder surgery and then transferred to SMU to finish out their college career.
NEW YORK — The NFL is checking whether concussion protocol was properly followed Sunday when Houston Texans quarterback Tom Savage was allowed to briefly return to action after a disturbing hit in the end zone that left them with their hands quivering.
League spokesperson Joe Lockhart said the NFL and the players' association “together will conduct a thorough review of the incident focused on whether the protocol was properly followed, but we're also continuing looking at the protocol to look for ways to improve and strengthen it.”
Lockhart said the discovery during this investigation of any possible improvements to the concussion protocol will be quickly implemented.
The NFL's concussion protocol came under heavy criticism after it failed Savage on Sunday in Houston's 26-16 loss to the 49ers. Only after Savage briefly returned to the game did the medical crew determine the quarterback did, indeed, have a concussion and remove them from the game.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
A Massachusetts mom recently spoke to People magazine about the rare genetic disease that they share with the three daughters who they adopted from China.
Tracy Antonelli and their daughters have a blood disorder called thalassemia, which requires them to have blood transfusions to ensure that they have enough healthy red blood cells in their bodies, according to People.
Antonelli adopted their first daughter, Emmie, in 2012. When they and their husband learned that thalassemia is more common in China than it is in some other parts of the world, they decided to adopt two more girls, Rosie and Frannie. [27 Oddest Medical Cases]
But what is thalassemia?
In people with thalassemia, the body doesn't make enough hemoglobin, a molecule found in red blood cells that's responsible for carrying oxygen around the body, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Hemoglobin is an essential part of red blood cells, and without enough of it, the cells don't function properly, and don't live as long as healthy red blood cells.
This lack of healthy red blood cells is called anemia. Anemia can cause fatigue, weakness and shortness of breath, the CDC says. In severe cases, the condition can cause organ damage and lead to death.
People with mild forms of thalassemia may not need treatment, the Mayo Clinic says. For those with moderate forms of the disease, treatment may be needed only after a person has surgery, for example.
But when a person has severe thalassemia, that individual needs to receive blood transfusions regularly, in order to have enough healthy red blood cells, the CDC says. But red blood cells contain a lot of iron, so regular transfusions can cause the mineral to build up in the body, which can lead to organ damage. This means that people who receive regular blood transfusions may also need treatments to remove the excess iron from their bodies.
All of Antonelli's daughters have severe forms of the disease — they all needed blood transfusions three times a week, they told People.
Thalassemia is an inherited disease, meaning that it's passed down through families, according to the National Library of Medicine (NLM). People who inherit only one faulty gene (in other words, a faulty gene from only one parent) will have a milder form of the disease than those who inherit two faulty genes (one gene from each parent).
There are different types of thalassemia, depending on which part of the hemoglobin molecule is affected, the NLM says. Hemoglobin is made of two proteins: alpha globin and beta globin, and each is encoded by a different gene. People with a faulty gene for alpha globin are said to have alpha thalassemia; those with a faulty gene for beta globin have beta thalassemia.
Alpha thalassemia occurs most often in people from Southeast Asia, China, the Middle East and Africa, according to the NLM. Beta thalassemia occurs most often in people from Mediterranean countries.
Beta thalassemia is the more severe form of the disease and affects at least 1,000 people in the United States, the CDC says. Worldwide, this form is thought to affect about 1 in 100,000 people, according to the National Organization for Rare Disorders.
Antonelli has a moderate form of beta thalassemia, they said in an interview with the advocacy group The Cooley's Anemia Foundation. (Cooley's Anemia is another name for the severe type of beta thalassemia.)
Originally published on Live Science.
Harrison quarterback Justin Fields, the No. 1 prospect in the nation, gave their pledge to Georgia Friday. Jake Rowe 247Sports.com
It may seem to some people that you are not doing much at the moment but just because you are not active on the outside does not mean your brain has gone to sleep. You are thinking more than ever and very soon your thoughts will change the world.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
There have been at least three reports of an unknown man throwing objects at passing vehicles near Highway 77 and West Van Dorn early Monday morning.
Lincoln Police say a 51-year-old woman reported they were driving on the overpass when they observed a man standing in the intersection. The man threw a 2×4 board at their vehicle, causing damage to the passenger side.
A short time later, a 72-year-old woman reported they were westbound on Van Dorn when a man ran out of the trees and they slowed to avoid hitting him. The man threw a log at their vehicle and shattered the windshield, before they retreated northbound into the tree line.
A third caller reported they observed the man standing in the intersection and they threw a board at their passing vehicle.
The man was described as a white male in their 20s or 30s, 6 feet tall, 180lbs, with buzzed hair, wearing a white tank top and black athletic shorts. Anyone with information is encouraged to call LPD at 402.441.6000 or Lincoln Crimestoppers at 402.475.3600.
Nigerians Should Look For Buhari In Their Wardrobes – British Politician, Eric Joyce
A British politician and former military officer, Eric Stuart Joyce, has again stirred up controversy over the health of President Muhammadu Buhari.
Joyce, who insisted that Buhari is dead , asked Nigerians To Look for President Buhari in wardrobes to ascertain if they are truly alive or dead.
Writing on their website, they said: “Nigeria has an extremely capable acting president, of course, but if Mr Buhari is declared dead or permanently incapacitated then it will be the second time in succession that a Northern Muslim president has died and been replaced by their Southern Christian deputy. This is a challenge in a country whose democracy is based upon a complex balance of different regional and religious interests.
“However, it is a challenge Nigeria is most certainly up to give the great success which was the peaceful handing over of power after the last election.
“And so, a top tip for Nigerians. Insist that, like most democracies, it is a strict requirement of being president that your people know exactly what your physical condition is at all times. This practice is not historically confined to democracies, of course. Kings of old were routinely watched in their bedchambers; Queens were watched as they gave birth to heirs. This was all to ensure that things were as they seemed. Requiring a president to show they are capable of running their country, and is definitely not dead, is a simple and practical extension of this.
“For now, with no sight nor sound of the president and no proof even of life for some time, it seems that in a bid to manage the succession the presidency may be lying to the public about the presidents health or even life, and making Nigeria's democratic status a mockery into the bargain.
The Nigerian media seems to be unconcerned about all of this; unconcerned that they may be dead; unconcerned that if they are alive then they may be too ill to carry on. In the absence of serious newspaper and TV media, then, it is left to social media to do the job. So here we are.
“We recommend that every Nigerian check their own wardrobes for Mr Buhari, and perhaps ask their children if they have any ideas. If you do this, you will have looked harder for them than the Nigerian media.”
The post Nigerians Should Look For Buhari In Their Wardrobes – British Politician, Eric Joyce appeared first on Ngyab.
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
4 ways Pervnado has changed Hollywood for the better In the wake of the Time's Up and #MeToo movements, Hollywood is changing beyond simply wearing black gowns and logo pins to award shows. After movie executive Harvey Weinstein, director...
Actor found dead after #MeToo allegations surface South Korean actor Jo Min-ki, who was accused of sexually abusing students amid a spate of #MeToo allegations sweeping their country, was found dead Friday of an apparent suicide, according...
'The Mountain' from 'Game of Thrones' sets new world record Hafthor Bjornsson certainly ate their greens growing up. “The Game of Thrones” star, who plays Gregor Clegane, aka “The Mountain” exacted revenge for their second-place finish at the 2017 edition of...
Actress Taylor Hickson sues producers over disfiguring injury The suit also states that they also have suffered “mental distress which they continue to struggle with to date.”
‘M.A.S.H.' actor David Ogden Stiers dies at age 75 They had more than 150 film and television credits, including appearances on the “Mary Tyler Moore Show” and several Perry Mason television movies.
Police probe disappearance of aspiring actor A budding Hollywood actor has been missing for a week after they were last seen near their apartment — and now police are calling their disappearance suspicious, according to reports....
Uma Thurman and Josh Lucas' on-stage romance may be the real thing There's buzz that Broadway co-stars Uma Thurman and Josh Lucas have struck up a relationship offstage, and a spy says that they were seen smooching in the Theater District on...
Secrets of the Hollywood Walk of Fame The Walk of Fame is one of the most popular tourist attractions, drawing about 10 million visitors annually.
'Notting Hill' actor Emma Chambers dead at 53 "Emma Chambers was a hilarious and very warm person and of course a brilliant actor," Hugh Grant tweeted.
Teachers OK'd students skipping class to join anti-Trump protests You're excused — now go fight the power! A group of maverick history teachers at elite Beacon HS in Manhattan let their kids skip class Tuesday to join a Trump...
Teen with fear of large crowds asking for school reassignment A Brooklyn girl with a debilitating fear of large crowds is asking a judge to let them enroll in a small Upper West Side high school. The student, a 14-year-old...
Students' families suing city over botched 'fireball' science experiment The families of two Beacon HS students who were hurt when a science experiment turned into a blazing fireball are suing the city, Department of Education and the chemistry teacher...
Boy sues NYC over HS chemistry experiment burn The family of a 16-year-old boy who was severely burned when a high school ​chemistry experiment went horribly haywire is suing the city for $27 million over their injuries. Parents Yvonne...
'Oh my god I set a kid on fire' “Oh, my God, I set a kid on fire!” That's what a 10th-grade teacher shouted after their botched chemistry lab demonstration at the prestigious Upper West Side Beacon School left...
Student was engulfed in flames & lost ear in botched science experiment A Beacon School student lost an ear and “looked like a victim from a battlefield” after being badly burned during their teacher's botched science experiment, a city probe revealed Thursday....
Teacher whose chem experiment injured two students reassigned A chemistry teacher involved in an experiment that badly burned two students at the elite Beacon School on the Upper West Side has been reassigned pending an investigation, officials said...
FDNY slaps Beacon HS over chem-lab catastrophe FDNY investigators hit elite Beacon School with eight safety violations stemming from last week's lab explosion that injured two students, officials said Thursday. No fines will be assessed as long...
Safety lapses eyed in Beacon School chemistry fire A Beacon School chemistry teacher accidentally poured highly explosive methyl alcohol directly into a still-flaming crucible, and their students had no safety gear or barrier to protect them from the...
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
XENIA, Ohio (WDTN) – Several agencies worked together and served search warrants that led to eight arrests in Xenia about drug busts.
Xenia Police Captain Alfonzo Wilson told 2 NEWS numerous residents complaints were made and the agencies were able to serve the search warrants.
Three suspects were arrested at the Deerfield motel and five suspects were arrested near the 200 block of California Street.
All of the suspects are in the Greene County Jail and facing aggravated trafficking and aggravated possession of drugs charges.
The suspects from the drug bust can be found below:
Xenia drug bust View as list View as gallery Open Gallery Arrested at Deerfield Motel Arrested at Deerfield Motel Arrested at the Deerfield Motel Arrested on California Street Arrested on California Street Arrested on California Street Arrested on California Street Arrested on California Street Arrested on California Street
Getty Images Peter Navarro, center, walks through a hotel lobby as they head to the Diaoyutai State Guest House to meet Chinese officials for trade talks in Beijing on May 4.
More than a week ago, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said the Trump administration was putting “the trade war on hold” with China while Washington and Beijing work on a wider agreement.
White House National Trade Council Director Peter Navarro, with whom Mnuchin has reportedly clashed in the past, didn't like the sound of that. Here's what they told NPR in an interview that aired Wednesday morning.
That was an unfortunate sound bite. White House National Trade Council Director Peter Navarro
Navarro, a trade hard-liner and co-author of the book “Death by China,” spoke to NPR a day after the White House said it was moving ahead with planned tariffs and other sanctions against China. The announcement is threatening to scuttle trade talks planned for this weekend.
See: White House plans to move ahead with Chinese tariffs could derail weekend trade talks.
Here's how Navarro characterized what's going on with China trade: “What we're having with China is a trade dispute, plain and simple.” They said Beijing engages in “a whole range” of unfair trade practices and called China's entry into the World Trade Organization “devastating.”
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross is scheduled to fly to Beijing on Saturday. In an editorial, China's official news agency Xinhua said the country's attitude is “We do not want to fight, but we are also not afraid to fight.”
Read: Chinese editorials, trade officials slam U.S. move to push ahead with tariffs.
South Korean shipbuilders aren't out of the woods yet even as orders begin recovering, with the smaller ones facing collapse in the absence of government support, according to a shipping-debt trader.
The government will aid larger shipyards through ways such as giving them orders for the next few years, under its support policy for the shipping and shipbuilding industries, said Soo Cheon Lee, co-founder and chief investment officer of SC Lowy, a Hong Kong-based loan and bond trading firm.
“Hopefully that will give the big, major guys a lifeline for the next few years,” said Lee, who has two decades of experience investing in shipbuilders' and shipping companies' debts. However for the smaller yards, “I can't think of a reason for these guys to exist,” they said in a March 16 interview.
A plunge in oil prices since 2014 has roiled shipbuilders in South Korea -- home to the world's three largest shipyards -- as their customers canceled or delayed orders. Among major container shipping companies worldwide, Hanjin Shipping Co., once the largest in South Korea, collapsed in 2016 while others have merged to boost their competitiveness following years of accumulated losses and overcapacity in the industry.
STX Offshore & Shipbuilding Co., formerly listed on South Korea's main Kospi index, has been under creditor-led restructuring since 2013. The government has said STX must come up with a restructuring plan, including job cuts, by early April or face court receivership a second time as creditors stopped funding.
Following Hanjin's collapse, the government said Hyundai Merchant Marine Co. will serve as South Korea's flag carrier.
While Hyundai Merchant is still unprofitable, the government is unlikely to allow the company to fail since South Korea needs a flag carrier to provide exporters with flexibility and more options, and it has also seen the negative impact from Hanjin's collapse, Lee said.
— With assistance by Kyunghee Park, and Kyungji Cho
Ted Raymond, Newstalk 580 CFRA
OPP in Rockland are investigating a report of a suspicious man who approached some kids walking home from school.
The man reportedly approached the children "near the path by the water tower" Wednesday afternoon, at around 2:25 p.m., and asked if they wanted to follow them home to get gingerbread houses.
The children fled and the man did not follow.
According to the report, the man was dressed head-to-toe in black.
Wearing a black toque as well as a black balaclava
Wearing a black leather jacket
Wearing black "magic" mitts
Black pant tight fitting possibly leggings or joggings pants
Black lace up boots almost to their knee
Pants tucked into their boots
Between 5'8" and 6 foot
Medium build
Approximately 170 - 200 pounds
Spoke in English with a deep voice
Male was carrying a black garbage bag
If you or anyone you know are aware of this man's identity or have any further information about this incident, you are asked to contact the Russell County OPP at 613-443-4499 or OPP Communication Centre at 1-888-310-1122.
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – Valentine's Day is also National Donor Day; a time to raise awareness about organ and tissue donation, and celebrate the people who have given the gift of life.
Donerik Black donated a kidney to their father, and then received a heart transplant. They said they are so grateful to their donor, and cannot wait to meet their family soon.
Stephanie Burianek works at Life Connection of Ohio and helps facilitate the gifts of life in our state. They also encourage everyone to sign up to become a donor.
Hundreds gather in Wolin, Poland, to recreate Viking culture and take part in fierce, competitive battles. For a significant number, it's a way of escaping their past - a past scarred by violence.
TAP HERE TO READ THEIR STORIES
Image subject to copyright
MEXICO CITY — Mexico's Defence Department says seven army personnel are presumed dead after a helicopter crashed in the northern state of Durango.
One soldier was found seriously wounded at the scene. The bodies of the rest of the victims were believed to be in the wreckage of the craft.
The department said Friday the Bell 412 transport helicopter was on a training mission and was carrying 2 pilots, an officer and five soldiers.
The crash occurred near El Salto in a mountainous region of Durango.
The cause of the crash is under investigation.
Rocket alarm sirens were heard a short while ago in southern Israel.
The IDF Spokesperson's Unit confirmed that a rocket was launched on Friday night from the Gaza Strip.
This follows a rocket that was fired from the Gaza Strip toward Israel on Thursday evening, not causing damage. The IDF struck a Hamas observation post in the northern Gaza Strip on Thursday night in response to that rocket launch, the IDF said.
Terror groups in the Gaza Strip fired a total of 35 projectiles towards Israel over the past year, up from the two previous years.
According to statistics that were published by the IDF in mid-January, 2017 has seen the most serious peak of violence between Israel and terror groups in the strip like Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ) since the end of Operation Protective Edge in 2014.
Israel has repeatedly stated that it holds Hamas responsible for all rocket fire emanating from the Gaza Strip.
This is a breaking story. More details to follow.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 Cam Newton makes young fan's wish come true
2:03 Steve Smith hosts annual Lace Up Son Family 5K
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - what happened?
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
Russian hacking to skew the U.S. 2016 election is the big story churning through Washington. The president, the president-elect and the Congress are anguishing over it from different points of view, while Vladimir Putin rings in the New Year with unfettered glee.
Related Articles Editorial: Trump's play on Russia v. China defies reason
Trump says U.S. will buy, hire American
Putin says Russia won't oust U.S. diplomats in hacking flap Evidence, however damning, never fazes the Russian president. Probably because it never touches him.
Case in point is the ample, utterly damning evidence that Russia ran a massive doping operation involving its Olympic athletes — and the ridiculously self-righteous denials from Moscow when the proof was presented.
But now a top Russian official has admitted, in an interview with The New York Times, that Russia did indeed engage in a wide-ranging doping operation involving many of its athletes.
Anna Antseliovich, the acting director general of Russia's national anti-doping agency, detailed years' worth of cheating schemes that involved a lab director tampering with urine samples at the Olympics while providing cocktails of performance-enhancing drugs.
Also, members of the FSB — the federal security service that is the successor to the KGB — broke into sample bottles holding urine. And a deputy sports minister for years ordered cover-ups of top athletes' use of banned substances.
Anyone who follows sports knew most of this already. Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov, the former anti-doping lab chief, had offered a detailed confession to The New York Times last spring. Then, Richard McLaren, an investigator appointed by the World Anti-Doping Agency, published more extensive evidence in December that prompted the International Olympic Committee to open disciplinary proceedings against dozens of additional Russian athletes.
Still, it was refreshing that a top official candidly admitted it.
But wait. Then Antseliovich dropped the other shoe. They insisted that the Russian government's top officials were not involved in any way and had no knowledge of the doping activities.
Oh, come on. The notion that a proud, sports-obsessed leader who runs as tight a ship as Vladimir Putin had no knowledge of or involvement in a sports conspiracy of this magnitude is ludicrous.
Putin was intimate with nearly every aspect of the Sochi Games. They were their baby. They campaigned for them and steadily monitored preparations. To suggest that they caught not a whiff of what appears to be the broadest sports scandal in world history is laughable.
Why have Russian officials made such a turnaround on the doping issue? It has to be damage control.
The banning of Russia's track-and-field athletes from the 2016 Rio Games was an embarrassing pill to swallow. International regulators have made it clear that without a mea culpa, Russian athletes will have a difficult time ever getting permission to compete. Meaningful and verifiable reforms are needed first, and penalties should be assessed.
Putin will probably get away with deniability on sports doping, even though nobody with a brain believes it. As to how the hacking case evolves–stay tuned.
James Comey calls for 'adult conversation' about privacy WASHINGTON — FBI Director James Comey is again warning about the bureau's inability to access digital devices because of encryption. In a speech Tuesday, Comey said default encryption built into...
Don't enable your iPhone's 'Touch ID' if you have something to hide Memo to crooks: Avoid fingerprint IDs — especially when it comes to the iPhone. While the FBI was unable to crack the passcode on the San Bernardino shooter's iPhone, the...
'It was worth it': FBI paid over $1M to hack terrorist's iPhone The FBI paid $1.3 million to hack into the iPhone of one of the San Bernardino terrorists, agency director James Comey revealed Thursday. During a security conference in London, Comey...
The FBI is operating in a world that no longer exists The Federal Bureau of Investigation admitted Tuesday that it is technologically behind and its investigations into encrypted smartphones are hindered by that weakness. “These types of solutions, they require a...
'60 Minutes' hacked an iPhone like it's no big deal Mobile security is obviously a major topic these days, but it seems very few of us know just how vulnerable our phones are to hacking. “60 Minutes” this week decided...
Microsoft sues US government over secret data requests Another tech-privacy battle has spilled into federal court — and this time Microsoft is on the attack. The software giant on Thursday sued the US Justice Department, arguing the feds...
FBI paid hackers to crack terrorist's iPhone The FBI reportedly paid professional hackers for a piece of hardware that enabled investigators to access an iPhone belonging to San Bernardino gunman Syed Farook. According to the Washington Post,...
This is the iPhone even the FBI can't hack The FBI withdrew its assault on iPhone encryption after it managed to hack its way into the San Bernardino iPhone. Soon after that, the agency notified other law enforcement officials...
FBI's secret iPhone-hacking method is embarrassing to all parties The FBI's secret iPhone-hacking method is either a matter of national security or a threat to privacy — and maybe just a little embarrassing to all parties. The feds revealed...
A man convicted of murdering a woman in a Times Square budget hotel has been sentenced to 25 years to life in prison, nearly a decade after the killing.
Clarence Dean was sentenced Monday.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. says Dean “committed a merciless and brutal act of violence against a vulnerable woman.”
Dean's lawyer didn't immediately return a call Monday for comment. They have said Dean plans to appeal.
Prosecutors said Dean killed Kristine Yitref in a rage in August 2007.
They were a convicted sex offender. They were a onetime design student who had become a drug-addicted prostitute.
Dean admitted choking Yitref, but denied killing them They said they blacked out while defending themselves from them and their pimp.
Facebook shut down as many as 30,000 fake accounts in the past week — but that's unlikely to hurt the multi-million-dollar spam industry.
In fact, since Facebook's post-election housecleaning, it's become even more lucrative for spammers to pump out "inauthentic accounts." The asking price on the black market for 1,000 fake accounts used to be $20, but security changes by the social network giant only succeeded in driving up prices.
"If you go to the underground markets where they sell fake Facebook accounts, you can buy 1,000 of these for $300 to $400," Damon McCoy, a New York University computer science professor specializing in cybercrime, told NBC News. "In terms of economics of replacing these 30,000 accounts, they took down something, but perhaps not as much as you might think."
Fake social media accounts are pumped out by programmers in places like Russia, or are registered manually by humans in “farms” in countries like India, where labor is cheap. Jason Alden / Bloomberg via Getty file
The flurry of account closing — all "users" were based in France — was an attempt by Facebook to head off interference in the French presidential election, following fierce criticism for the network's role in the proliferation of "fake news" during the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
"We've made improvements to recognize these inauthentic accounts more easily, by identifying patterns of activity — without assessing the content itself," said Facebook in a statement. "For example, our systems may detect repeated posting of the same content, or an increase in messages sent."
"Going forward, the advances we have made to our detection systems will help us ... keep our platform safe," the statement continued.
Spam Farms
Prices for other fake social media accounts — which, like fake Facebook accounts, are created either automatically by programmers in places like Russia, or are registered manually by humans in "farms" in countries like India, where labor is cheap — remain low. At time of writing, one Russian account-selling site asked only $900 for 20,000 Twitter accounts with confirmed email addresses.
Related: As Many as 48 Million Twitter Accounts Aren't People, Says Study
Spammers are getting smarter as well, squeezing more money out of each individual account by moving to harder-to-detect money-making methods, like advertising revenue from the spread of false news stories.
But perhaps of greater concern are the geopolitical effects spam can now cause, said Marcus Rogers, director of Purdue University's Cyber Forensics Lab.
"For pretty much any election right now, there's this big concern there's going to be manipulation by what we would consider to be spammers and the fake news folks," Rogers said, citing allegations of cyber interference in the 2016 election and concerns over similar interference in the upcoming French presidential elections.
Traditional email spamming, which focused on selling counterfeit pharmaceuticals and scams targeted at individuals, never had that sort of impact, Rogers noted.
The Return of Email Spam
New avenues like social media had, for years, reduced the amount of spam over classic "attack vectors" like email, Rogers said. But research shows email spam is reemerging and refocusing.
Guests in the Facebook Lounge ahead of the first Republican presidential debate at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland, Ohio on Aug. 6, 2015. Andrew Harrer / Bloomberg via Getty file
In technology conglomerate Cisco's 2017 Cybersecurity Report, researchers found a resurgence of email spam, which had risen to levels not seen since 2010. The spam — much of it pushed by botnets, networks of computers controlled by malicious software, usually without the owners' knowledge — accounted for 65 percent of email.
Still, global email spam volume falls short of its 2010 highs, said Jaeson Schultz, a threat researcher with Talos, Cisco's security research arm. But even at the lower volume, Talos blocks roughly 20 billion email threats each day.
"Spam, I think, is going to exist in all of these platforms," Schultz said.
But email spam has reemerged with a new focus. Now, spammers are frequently targeting businesses instead of individuals, according to the Cisco report.
These attacks often mirror classic phishing scams, where a spammer will send an email, posing as someone else, and ask a corporate executive to initiate a wire transfer, often to an international bank from which the funds are unrecoverable, McCoy said.
Related: Facebook Plans to Use Tech to Stop the Spread of Revenge Porn
Other spammers are moving away from illegal activity, into gray markets, McCoy said. Instead of attempting to sell counterfeit drugs, spammers will push unproven herbal remedies, which are most often legal, or at least unregulated. They've also taken to hiring attorneys to draw up user agreements for their would-be victims.
Keeping Up
It's not likely spam will go away anytime soon, Rogers said. Like with viruses, which have afflicted consumers and the tech industry for the last 30 years, there may not be a permanent solution to spam, and the industry might have some catching up to do.
"I would say we're about a year, year and a half behind," Rogers said. "And that's being optimistic."
While Rogers, McCoy, and Schultz all agreed that some advances against spam had been made, cooperation within the tech industry is still the key to long-term success.
"We all need to get together to be able to share information and try to combat these attacks with the idea that these folks that are trying to come in one door might try another door," Schultz said. "When you combine your resources, you really can make a difference in the security of the internet for everyone."
This loss wasn't Scott Darling's fault, not theirs alone. There was more than enough blame to go around.
Thirteen different players took a minus for the Carolina Hurricanes in Friday's 4-1 loss to the Detroit Red Wings, a real team effort in every sense of the word and the kind of loss where it takes an entire hand to point fingers because there are so many ways to look at it.
If you think this team lacks the character to be genuinely competitive, here's another example of the Hurricanes folding their tent just when they had clawed their way back onto the playoff bubble with a three-game winning streak (albeit having played the night before while Detroit was resting). It's the one constant of these eight-and-counting years since the Hurricanes last made the playoffs: They cannot stand prosperity.
“They were hungrier than us, that's for sure,” Jordan Staal said.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
If you think the problem with the Hurricanes is that they generate chances they aren't skilled or gritty enough to finish, their only goal came on the power play on a night they put up 37 shots (by Sebastian Aho, naturally, although Elias Lindholm and Justin Faulk did the hard work.) Jeff Skinner, who has four goals in the past 25 games, took a minus-2 to fall to a team-worst 22-under par.
If you think there are too many weak links causing catastrophic errors, there was Haydn Fleury getting their pocket picked repeatedly. Darling bailed them out on the doorstep once, but another flub in the offensive zone led directly to a Gustav Nyquist goal at the other end. Fleury and Trevor van Riemsdyk also combined to give Trevor Daley all the space they needed to pick their spot on Darling. Noah Hanifin, the All-Star, screened Darling on Detroit's first goal.
“You look at the Nyquist one, we had it,” Hurrricanes coach Bill Peters said. “We had it in the offensive zone. You go back on the first one, we had it in the d-zone and we were on that puck. We had the puck, and then we didn't have the puck.”
The Canes' Teuvo Teravainen (86) gets hooked by the Red Wings' Dylan Larkin (71) during the first period of an NHL game played between the Carolina Hurricanes and the Detroit Red Wings at PNC Arena in Raleigh on Feb. 2, 2018. Larkin was called for a penalty on the play. Chris Seward cseward@newsobserver.com
But many fans will land on Darling, making their first appearance since the three-goals-on-eight-shots Vegas debacle five games back. There was nothing they could do about the first goal, thanks to Hanifin, but the other three were more debatable. Daley beat them sort-of high to the glove side, Nyquist beat them glove-side high to the short side and Darren Helm blasted the puck through them on a bad-luck breakaway – Teuvo Teravainen's power-play shot was blocked and caromed all the way back to Helm as they popped out of the penalty box.
It wasn't another Darling disaster, but it wasn't exactly the confidence-boosting start they needed, nor will it do much to drag their save percentage toward a more respectable neighborhood. That glove is such a weakness, prone to dropping down before it goes up as Darling tucks in their left arm, then too late to react to even a mid-height shot like Daley's – which, while powerful and precise, was still unobstructed. Darling left their near post open on Nyquist's goal, and shrunk into their net on Helm's. That many odd-man rushes will bring anyone's flaws into sharp relief.
Darling clearly wasn't the instant upgrade they thought they were getting at the position, but the Hurricanes need to be able to trust them in the back end of a back-to-back at home against a nonplayoff team. Friday could potentially have been a step in the right direction if the team hadn't played so poorly in front of him.
And that's really the bigger issue; even on the nights Darling is close to competent, the Hurricanes still play differently in front of them than they do Cam Ward. They don't appear to have much confidence in him, overcommitting and jumping out of position, leaving Darling exposed. And on nights when they're flat, like Friday, that becomes a toxic, if not fatal, combination.
That's as big a problem as Darling's play this season, which wasn't the real problem Friday night. They aren't good enough to win the game for the Hurricanes, but the Hurricanes weren't good enough to win anyway. There were plenty of reasons the Hurricanes lost. Pick any of them. Pick all of them.
0:51 Elf on the Shelf viciously attacked by dog receives 'emergency' surgery After the family dog "attacked" the Elf on the Shelf, Florida resident Jenn Thelen took the toy to the emergency room to help calm down their young daughter. Luckily, the doctors were able to reattach three "severed" limbs and keep Christmas from being ruined.
0:53 Distracted phone addict wanders into a parking garage elevator and gets mowed down A woman in China accidentally walked into a parking garage while looking at their phone. Once the door closed behind her, they were taken down a level by the car elevator, and was struck by an oncoming vehicle, pinning them against the wall.
0:55 Dramatic video shows workers trying to save racehorses from blazing fires As fires sweep across Southern California, hundreds of thousands of people are being forced to evacuate. Unable to leave on their own, many racehorses needed to be saved by workers, who had to coax the scared animals out of their stables before the flames overwhelmed them.
0:49 Crook walks away with AR-15 rifle from unlocked cop car Police in Florida have released footage of a suspect stealing from a parked cop car. The crook made off with an AR-15, ammunition, a police vest and a Taser. Authorities are still trying to identify the suspect.
1:00 Atlanta news anchor responds on-air to ‘N-word' email Sharon Reed, a local newscaster in Atlanta, put an angry viewer on blast, after the woman called them a “n----r” in an email. Reed responded to the hate-filled message by reading it on-air, saying, “I'll let your words, Kathy Rae, speak for themselves.” Reed added on Facebook: “Not the first time I've been called that word.”
0:40 Brawl breaks out over lack of nuggets at McDonald's A customer visiting a Liverpool, England, McDonald's in the early hours of the morning didn't react well to the restaurant's lack of McNuggets. An employee was suspended after video of the ensuing fight surfaced that showed them head-butting a customer.
0:28 Train crashes into stalled car on tracks “Stop!” yelled onlookers at a train station in Florida, as the Tri-Rail train hit a car stalled on the tracks. According to West Palm Beach police, there were no injuries.
1:22 9-year-old ‘Pink Panther' boxing girl packs a mean punch This 9-year-old boxer from Ukraine may be the sport's next great fighter. Kira Makogonenko started training with their dad, Artem, just a year ago. They now have nine wins under their belt. “First I need to win the Olympics and then go into professional boxing,” the confident kid said. “I'd like to break a record of winning the Olympics three times in boxing.”
0:57 Shocking footage shows dramatic crash, teens fleeing from scene A Connecticut police car's dashcam captured the shocking moment when a group of juvenile suspects smashed a stolen vehicle into an SUV, causing serious injuries to a family of three. The suspects fled on foot, and police are still looking for information on their identities.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Thousands of Corsicans protested in Ajaccio to back linguistic recognition and greater devolution
Thousands of Corsicans have held a rally to call for greater autonomy from France.
Correspondents say the rally was staged as a shot across the bows of the French government ahead of President Emmanuel Macron's visit on Tuesday.
The nationalists are not seeking independence, but they do want more financial devolution and recognition for the Corsican language.
Mr Macron has said they will not agree to changing France's constitution.
Tuesday's visit will mark the 20th anniversary of the targeted killing of France's top official on the island, Claude Érignac, during a wave of violence orchestrated by the National Liberation Front of Corsica (FLNC),
The FLNC, a separatist militant group, declared a ceasefire in 2014.
The local authorities said about 6,000 demonstrators were at Saturday's protest in the capital Ajaccio, but organisers put the figure at 25,000.
Corsican nationalists have been emboldened by a resounding win in December's elections.
Although a ceasefire has been in place since 2014, Corsica's current leader, Gilles Simeoni - a moderate nationalist - issued a warning earlier this week that bombings might resume if Paris did not engage with Corsica's issues.
There are low levels of GP practices in the Lilywhite county, according to the Kildare Census 2016 profile.
Kildare is lagging behind the national average with 81 GP practices in the county.
This number equates to a rate of 0.36 practices per 1,000 population which is considerably lower than the State at 0.41 practices per 1,000.
There are also low levels of HSE-listed Health Centres in Kildare.
In total, the Census 2016 profile lists 17 HSE Health Centres in Kildare, and this equates to a rate of 0.08 centres per 1,000 population.
Again, this number is lower than the national average at 0.16 centres per 1,000 population.
In 2017, there were 69,358 eligible persons in the Kildare West Wicklow area with a medical card. The Kildare West Wicklow Local Health Area recorded the sixth highest number of eligible persons with a medical card in the State.
In response to a query from the Leinster Leader regarding the low levels of GP practices in Kildare, the HSE stated that a review of the Kildare West Wicklow area will take place this year.
“The HSE Community Healthcare Organisation Dublin South and Kildare West Wicklow is committed to analysing the capacity of GPs across the area to meet demand. It is anticipated that this analysis will begin before the end of 2018.”
One figure that is higher than the State average is the amount of nursing homes in Kildare.
There are 23 nursing homes, which is the equivalent of 1.05 facilities per 1,000 population over 65 years.
This figure is higher than the State average with 0.91 facilities for the over-65s.
Since 2015, the number of nursing homes in Kildare has remained unchanged at 23.
In contrast, according to Census 2016, between 2011 and 2016 there has been a 32% increase in the population aged 65 and over.
Census 2016 outlines that 63.1 per cent of Kildare's population, however, report their health status as “very good”.
This is higher than the State average, and it is the third highest rate.
A further 26.4% reported their health as ‘good', while 6.8% reported their health as ‘fair'.
Moreover, relative to other local authorities, Kildare does not have very high rates of its population with ‘very bad health'.
At 1.7 per cent, a total of 2,527 of the resident population in Kildare have ‘bad' health — the sixth lowest in the State — and 549 have ‘very bad' health — the seven lowest in the State.
Healthy towns
According Census 2016, the total population experiencing very good health residing in Kildare is 140, 042, and accounts for 63.1 per cent of the population.
The highest rates recorded are in Naas (65.2%); Maynooth (65.1%) and Celbridge/ Leixlip (64.2%).
In contrast, lower levels of health were reported in Kildare town, Newbridge, and Athy (60.2%).
Across the county, the highest rates are recorded in Caragh (79.5%), Johnstown (74. 1%) and Athgarvan (71.3%).
There are 27,768 people in Kildare with a disability, making it the sixth highest number in the State and the fourth lowest relative to population size.
Since 2011, there has been an increase of 13 per cent or 3,3999, with 49.4% male and 50.5% female.
This increasing trend is in line with the State at 13%.
Of those with a disability, the most common was listed as ‘chronic illness' at 17.1 per cent.
This was followed by 13.1% with a physical limitation and 9.4% with a difficulty going outside the home. The least common reported disability was blindness or impaired vision, with 2.9% listed.
However, Kildare has higher than average rates of intellectual disability at 4.1%.
There were 21 deaths by suicide in Kildare in 2016 at a rate of 9.4 persons per 100,000 population, which was higher than the State average at 8.4 persons.
Of those recorded, a much higher rate of instances recorded in Kildare were in the older age bracket of 45 to 54 and 55 and over.
Female self-harm hospital presentations in the Kildare West Wicklow Local Health Office exceeded the State average in 2016.
A rate of 240 per 100,000 female population was recorded for the area, making it the sixth highest rate in the State.
Male presentations 171 were marginally below the State average of 184 and ranked as the 11th highest rate per 100,000 male population.
Meanwhile, Kildare has relatively low rates of alcohol and drug addiction.
In 2015, Kildare recorded 182 persons or a rate of 8.2 persons per 10,000 population in treatment for alcohol addiction, the fourth lowest in the State.
Drugs
For the same period Kildare had a rate of 7.2 persons per 100,000 population in treatment for drug addiction.
The majority of treatment was provided for three drug types — opiates (49.1 per cent); cannabis (30.4 per cent) and cocaine (14.3 per cent).
With their reputation for skid row stations, grueling rides, and stinking toilets, intercity buses have long been the travel option of last resort. But in Europe, a startup called FlixBus has given buses a trendier, eco-friendly, sharing-economy vibe. Now it's aiming to take on Greyhound Lines Inc. in the U.S.
Since introducing a handful of routes in Bavaria when Germany liberalized its long-distance bus market five years ago, Flix has become Europe's biggest network, serving 1,700 destinations in 27 countries. More than 100,000 people board one of the company's 1,500 bright-green coaches every day, embarking for destinations as far-flung as Kiev, Lisbon, and Oslo. With backing from private equity companies General Atlantic LLC and Silver Lake Management LLC, Flix in March added train travel in Germany and is experimenting with long-distance electric buses—an escalating ambition reflected in the change of its name to FlixMobility in 2016. “We didn't win because we had the most money, and we're not always the cheapest,” says André Schwämmlein, the company's co-chief executive officer and one of three founders. “We focused on the customer, the brand, and the technology.”
By that, Schwämmlein means Flix has stayed out of the messy and capital-intensive business of owning and operating buses, instead adopting a model akin to that of Uber Technologies Inc. The company leaves the driving to 300 partners—mostly small, family-owned companies that keep 75 percent of ticket receipts—allowing Flix to focus on scheduling, customer service, and online ticket sales. “They're a marketing machine,” Nico Schoenecker, managing director of partner Autobus Oberbayern GmbH, says in their Munich depot brimming with dozens of coaches, including two with FlixBus branding. Like all others in the Flix fleet, they feature Wi-Fi, electric outlets, and aisle seats that can slide over for a little more personal space—paid for by the operators. Before teaming up with FlixBus, Autobus Oberbayern was squeaking by on its route between Munich and Prague. Since handing the line over, the service has grown more than sixfold. “They're closer to the customer” than traditional bus companies, Schoenecker says.
Schwämmlein and their partners aim to replicate their model in the U.S., with plans to roll out across the Southwest this summer, linking destinations such as Los Angeles, Las Vegas, and Phoenix. In taking on the market, Flix follows Britain's Stagecoach Group Plc, which in 2006 introduced its Megabus brand in the U.S. After an initial splash, Megabus retrenched as low fuel prices made driving a cheaper alternative. “This isn't our first rodeo,” says Andy Kaplinsky, chief commercial officer at Greyhound. “The chatter and buzz of an upstart helps build awareness.” Greyhound, owned by British bus operator FirstGroup Plc since 2007, introduced its own hipper, bargain alternative, BoltBus, in 2008, and it has since added Wi-Fi and electric outlets on all its buses.
Jochen Engert, co-CEO of FlixBus. Photographer: Sean Gallup/Getty Images
Flix is confident it can transfer its success from Europe to the U.S. It has, after all, managed to thrive—turning a profit last year for the first time—in an environment where there are ample alternatives to the bus: an extensive train network and plenty of low-cost flights. Schwämmlein likens the U.S. to Europe five years ago, with untapped demand and an array of local operators ready to make buses available. “At the beginning, you're driven by pain. You grow because you have to,” says Schwämmlein, who went to school with fellow founder and technology chief Daniel Krauss and met co-CEO Jochen Engert when both worked for Boston Consulting Group. “Now we're more opportunity-driven. We think we can create a market in the U.S.”
Key to that will be prices, and by almost any standard, FlixBus is cheap: just €25 to €50 ($30-$60) gets you from Berlin to Amsterdam, vs. €40 to €150 by train. Flix also takes a targeted approach to setting up routes, going where customers are rather than making them trudge to the bus station. In Berlin the company has 16 stops and frequently revamps timetables and routes to fine-tune the network. That helps keep the buses full—and persuades operators to hire drivers and invest the $350,000-plus that each new coach costs. “FlixBus isn't a classic bus company but a highly professional sales platform,” says Christoph Gipp, managing director of IGES Institute in Berlin, which tracks infrastructure trends in Europe. “They've managed to get away from the stigma associated with bus travel.”
First Read is your briefing from Meet the Press and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump under fire for blaming Charlottesville violence on 'many sides' 2:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A failure of presidential leadership
WASHINGTON — A basic task for any modern American president — Democrat or Republican — is to bring the country together during difficult times. “When the nation was wounded, shocked, or shamed, [presidents try] to rise to their responsibility as leaders of a whole people,” as journalist and former Carter speechwriter James Fallows observed.
Bill Clinton did it after the Oklahoma City bombing. George W. Bush did it after 9/11. And Barack Obama did it after the Charleston church shooting. But Donald Trump failed that presidential-leadership test after a white nationalist protest turned violent over the weekend in Charlottesville, Va.
Trump's first response — in the form of a tweet — started out fine. “We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!” they said.
In remarks a couple hours later, however, the president appeared to blame BOTH white nationalists and counter-protestors, and they refused to explicitly condemn the white nationalists. “We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence — on many sides.” And then after Trump walked away without taking questions, reporters shouted, “Mr. President, do you want the support of these white nationalists?” “Do you call that terrorism, sir?”
Trump didn't answer.
So far Monday morning, the president fired off three tweets: One: "Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military." Two: “Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement.  They are strong on Border & Wall, the military, tax cuts & law enforcement.” Three: “The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast!”
But nothing on Charlottesville and the white nationalists.
Fellow Republicans have criticized Trump's response
In an interview with NBC's Peter Alexander, Vice President Mike Pence – who said on Sunday, "We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo Nazis or the KKK” – criticized the media for focusing on what Trump said (and didn't say). “I take issue with the fact that many in the media are spending more time criticizing how the president addressed the issue yesterday.”
But as Alexander noted, it's not just the media who have taken issue with Trump's response. “Mr. President - we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism,” Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo., tweeted. “We should call evil by its name. My brother didn't give their lives fighting Hitler for Nazi ideas to go unchallenged here at home,” Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, added. And here was Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C.: “[Trump] missed an opportunity to be very explicit here. These groups seem to believe they have a friend in Donald Trump in the White House.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed VP Pence Speaks On Charlottesville and Trump's Comments 2:11 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Trump's history “of engaging in high-profile, racially fraught battles,” per the AP
It would be one thing if Trump's response to Charlottesville was in a vacuum; it's another when you consider their past controversies when it comes to matters of race.
“Early in their career as a developer, Trump fought charges of bias against blacks seeking to rent at their family-owned apartment complexes,” the AP writes. “He long promoted the lie that the nation's first black president, Barack Obama, was not born in the United States. As a candidate, they proposed temporarily banning Muslims from the United States. They retweeted a post from accounts that appeared to have ties to white nationalist groups. And they were slow to reject the endorsement of former KKK leader David Duke.”
Here are some other examples:
Mexico's “rapists”: “When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best. They're not sending you. They're not sending you. They're sending people that have lots of problems, and they're bringing those problems with us. They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.”
“When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best. They're not sending you. They're not sending you. They're sending people that have lots of problems, and they're bringing those problems with us. They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.” Judge Curiel: “Let me just tell you, I have had horrible rulings I've been treated very unfairly by this judge. Now, this judge is of Mexican heritage. I'm building a wall, OK? I'm building a wall.”
“Let me just tell you, I have had horrible rulings I've been treated very unfairly by this judge. Now, this judge is of Mexican heritage. I'm building a wall, OK? I'm building a wall.” Central Park Five: “Donald J. Trump rarely apologizes. When it comes to the case of the Central Park Five, they have never even come close,” the New York Times wrote. “In 1989, after these black and Latino teenagers from Harlem were accused of assaulting and raping a white woman in Central Park, Mr. Trump spent $85,000 placing full-page ads in the four daily papers in New York City, calling for the return of the death penalty... Incredibly, 14 years after their sentences were vacated based on DNA evidence and the detailed and accurate confession of a serial rapist named Matias Reyes, Mr. Trump has doubled down.”
Ed Gillespie's “Corey Stewart” problem
In Virginia's gubernatorial contest, GOP nominee Ed Gillespie denounced the white nationalists. “Having a right to spew vile hate does not make it right. It is painful to see these ugly events in Charlottesville,” they said in a statement. But Gillespie's defeated primary opponent and (2018 Senate candidate) Corey Stewart took a different tack. "Democrats and the media never denounce the violence perpetrated by the unhinged left," Stewart said. "Antifa is simply answering the call for violence in the streets by Loretta Lynch."
Gillespie will have to make a choice: Denounce Stewart and call for them to leave the Republican Party, or have Stewart's comments get tied to them (Stewart has said he's supporting Gillespie in November).
McMaster refuses to answer — three times — if they and Steve Bannon can work together
From yesterday's “Meet the Press”:
CHUCK TODD: Can you and Steve Bannon still work together in this White House or not? LT. GEN. H.R. McMASTER: I get to work together with a broad range of talented people and it is a privilege every day to enable the national security team. CHUCK TODD: You didn't answer can you and Steve Bannon work in that same White House? LT. GEN. H.R. McMASTER: I am, I am ready to work with anybody who will help advance the president's agenda and advance the security, prosperity of the American people. CHUCK TODD: Do you believe Steve Bannon does that? LT. GEN. H.R. McMASTER: I believe that everyone who works in the White House who has the privilege, the great privilege every day of serving their nation should be motivated by that goal.
Strange's struggles in Alabama
One day before tomorrow's Alabama Senate primary, the New York Times writes about incumbent Sen. Luther Strange's struggles. “Senator Luther Strange of Alabama wields an endorsement from the president of the United States, is the beneficiary of a multimillion-dollar campaign from allies of Mitch McConnell, the Senate majority leader, and has the backing of influential conservative interest groups like the National Rifle Association. But Mr. Strange is wheezing into Tuesday's Republican Senate primary here..
More: “He is grasping to secure a second-place finish and a slot in a September runoff with Roy S. Moore, the twice-deposed former State Supreme Court justice and evangelical-voter favorite who is expected to be the top vote-getter but may fall short of the majority needed to win outright. Mr. Strange is in a political vise, pinched by their links to a pair of Republicans, one local and one national, held in low esteem by many in the party here: the disgraced former Gov. Robert Bentley, who appointed Mr. Strange, and Mr. McConnell.”
In the future, the food delivery company wants AI to take over while engineers sleep
UK-based food delivery company Just Eat runs a hugely complex devops culture across 35 software development teams in five geographies, working together to maintain 450 microservices.
At peak times Just Eat is processing 2,700 orders per minute, normally on a Saturday evening, which requires them to spin up in excess of 1,500 AWS instances. The engineering team ships up to 500 releases a week and generates 1.5TBs of logs per day.
Building a central SRE team
Site reliability engineering is of paramount importance for Just Eat, as it is to rivals like UberEats and Deliveroo, as outages cause an oversized reaction from hungry customers.
Take Just Eat's reported outages on New Year's Day, its second busiest day of the year after Valentine's Day, where a tweet from the company reporting technical issues across its website and app received more than 200 responses, some verging on the dramatic side. "You're ruining my life!" one user tweeted.
Speaking at the London leg of the AppDynamics World Tour last week, Richard Haigh, director of technology at Just Eat, said: "Site reliability engineering all starts with this first premise: we believe truly that dev teams own their product, full stop.
"So the devs create the code, they ship it, they look after it in the evenings, they take the pages home and we call them at 3 o'clock in the morning if their code fails and they help fix it. They own that code cradle to grave."
However, those dev teams aren't alone, they are supported by dedicated SRE teams, who run on what Haigh calls 'five pillars'. These are:
Relentlessly protect site availability
Enable change to be delivered fast but baking quality in using automated delivery pipelines
Optimise the use of infrastructure and resources - using scalable cloud solutions and ensuring the right spend there
Innovate to stay ahead, especially when it comes to tooling - wether it is open source, commercial or built in house - to have the best possible solution
Fostering a blameless culture and enabling autonomous teams
This starts with a central SRE team of 50-60 people who run a 24/7 service operations centre. "Their job is to boss the first ten minutes of any problem we've got," Haigh said.
This team also looks after hosting across various cloud platforms, delivery automation (CI/CD pipelines), all monitoring, logging and alerting sitting under a team they call 'observability' internally, and service management run by a set of country managers.
Tooling
In terms of aligning these teams, Just Eat runs a whole range of activities to keep lines of communication open.
This starts with a daily standup to review any issues they had seen in the past 24 hours and prioritise next steps. Teams also run weekly risk meetings ahead of the busy weekend period. Lastly there is a monthly technology all-hands to discuss lessons learned and new tooling.
When it comes to tooling, Just Eat wants to fall in the sweet spot between giving development teams complete autonomy and a central team dictating which tools to use.
"We try to support that diversity and decentralisation but at the same time control some of the things that are larger in scale and more important to the business," Haigh said.
"So we have central support for a range of tooling like the monitoring stack, but we give dev teams the opportunity to interact with that in an open source way, so they can take a version, fork it, manipulate it and give it back to us and we say that's great and incorporate it back into the code base for everyone."
However dev teams adopting new tools "go into that knowing the risks and taking that on, but there is also survival of the fittest," Haigh said. "So if you have chosen that tool and it turns out to be absolutely awesome - we've seen this with something like Slack recently - the next team takes it and we get to the point where it's best in breed and we take that onboard to try and find some of those economies of scale, enterprise support and make it easier for others to adopt it."
Bennie Johnston, head of site reliability engineering at Just Eat also explained from the stage how the company has had to scale devops over the past four years due to some pretty serious growth at the publicly listed company, from just one release a day to nearer 500 per week today.
For example, four years ago the Just Eat dev teams were falling back on written run books to help resolve issues.
"Run books weren't the way we were going to scale devops," Johnston said. "Just Eat kept being successful so we got more and more dev teams. What we realised was our platform-as-a-service team needed scaling and that is where the deployment of monitoring came in."
So the team went out to market to look for the right tools to help automate some of these processes. "That's where AppDynamics came in, as well as our internal SRE team building tools to give the operations teams buttons and levers to affect the flow of traffic and protect that core user experience," they said.
Speaking about AppDynamics in particular, Johnston outlined how it allowed Just Eat to centralise monitoring.
"We had monitoring-as-a-service from very early on, it was one of the things that allowed us to do devops, if you are operating something you need to be able to see it," they explained.
However monitoring was developed by individual teams for their own services, so it was fractured.
For example: "For the Order API we had some great metrics, but from an operations point of view we had very little visibility into what was actually going on. We didn't even really have real time order rate, this was something that came out of our database three days later.
"AppDynamics gave us the ability to look across all of our teams and services to correlate cause across and gave us that visibility into our systems," they said.
AI
So, what next for JustEat? "We want incident resolution AI," Haigh said.
At the moment managers will arrive to work in the morning to a raft of HipChat chat logs to pick through any incidents that occurred overnight.
"My dream is to come in one morning and there has been an incident but we won't have had to wake any engineers up," Haigh added. "In fact the bots and systems we are looking at will have identified where something has gone wrong and find what they need to do to recover those systems.
"If we get really good those dependent systems will talk to each other and will understand the implications of making that change. Those systems will work together to resolve that and then we will run sanity checking and it is logged in those same HipChat channel so that when we, the humans, come in after a good night's sleep we can see exactly where the system was hurting and how to alleviate that moving forwards."
Why it matters to you Consumers willing to take an Indiegogo risk could pick up a 360 camera capable of high-resolution live-streams for under three figures.
Immersive 360 cameras are quickly making their way into the consumer market, but one startup is claiming a few firsts with live-streams at 3K without downsizing and still images up to 7K. VRDL360 is a first 360 camera that merges 7K photo with 3K video, live streaming and instant sharing.
The camera is the first from VR Dongli, a 2016 Los Angeles startup. The camera uses two 16-megapixel sensors manufacturers by Sony along with a pair of f/2 lenses. That allows the camera to shoot still photos up to 7000 x 3500 pixels and 3K (3072 x 1536) videos at 30FPS. The camera also uses a built-in gyroscope to stabilize footage electronically.
While there are a few 360 cameras with 4K resolution on the market, most need to downsize the files to broadcast that footage in real-time. VR Dongli says that the VRDL360, however, can live-stream to Facebook and YouTube without downsampling the footage, allowing for spherical live broadcasts still at that 3K resolution.
The camera is wrapped up in a rectangular, handheld body, not too unlike Ricoh's Theta series, that's small enough to mount to a drone. The body also houses a battery that's rated for up to 2,000 stills or two hours of video and a slot for a MicroSD card.
Through an iOS and Android app, users can shoot in auto or full manual, as well as shutter priority and aperture priority mode. The app also allows users to edit the footage into four different viewing modes, from virtual reality to the Little Planet format.
The VRDL360 launched on Indiegogo on June 12 and is already over halfway to its funding goal. If the campaign and manufacturing process is successful, early backers can get the camera for a $99 pledge, with expected delivery in September. The startup expects to launch the camera on the retail market for $219.
Police said an Illinois woman was gunned down in a home invasion after one of the residents flaunted cash awarded in a personal-injury settlement on social media.
Zavian D. Wells, 25, was charged with murder after they were arrested last month in connection with the Feb. 16 robbery in Zion, the Chicago Times reported.
The armed home invasion resulted in three shot, including 36-year-old Kaleah Beville, who died from multiple gunshot wounds later that day at a hospital.
Wells and another man allegedly broke into the apartment brandishing semi-automatic weapons and fired several rounds, according to a Tuesday report from the newspaper.
Authorities said the robbery was a “targeted incident” planned after Wells saw a photo of money on social media posted by a male resident living in Beville's home. The man, whose name was not released, had reportedly won the cash in a personal-injury lawsuit, according to the Chicago Times.
The pair was caught on surveillance video fleeing the scene in a white Chevrolet Impala, which helped investigators track down Wells, according to police.
Wells, who is from Round Lake Beach, is being held on $3 million bond.
CLEVELAND — The Cavaliers have never lost a playoff series they led 2-0. When winning the first game of any series, Cleveland has advanced 15 out of 16 times.
Tack on the fact that LeBron James has never lost a first-round series, is 45-7 lifetime in opening-round games and has won the last 18. Yes, it would seem the Indiana Pacers are in trouble in their Eastern Conference first-round matchup against the Cavaliers.
But they were inches from being in a decidedly different position.
“When you are down one with ball, you have to execute the play and hit the shot. We didn't do that,” Pacers coach Nate McMillan said, looking back at the Cavs' 109-108 win in Game 1 on Saturday.
Game 2 is on Monday night at Quicken Loans Arena.
Coverage begins at 6:30 p.m. on FOX Sports Ohio
“I do feel like we let one slip away,” McMillan said.
The Pacers lost when C.J. Miles missed an open 14-footer at the buzzer. But they also went scoreless for nearly three minutes toward the end of the fourth quarter after Jeff Teague's 3-pointer put Indiana ahead 105-103 with 3:31 left.
The Cavs say they made the play they wanted to make at the end, forcing Pacers star Paul George to give the ball up to Miles, who was initially covered before shaking free from Richard Jefferson just before releasing the ball.
Nevertheless, Cleveland was dangerously close to losing its fifth consecutive game, dating back to the regular season. The Cavs also nearly dropped another game in which they held a double-digit lead in the fourth quarter, and they almost coughed up home-court advantage in the series.
“He missed, we won,” James said.
James was mostly brilliant in Game 1, posting 32 points, 13 assists and six rebounds in 43 minutes. They need 37 points to pass Kobe Bryant (5,640 points) for third place in NBA playoff scoring history, and needs two more rebounds to pass Robert Parish (1,765 rebounds) for eighth in postseason history.
The Cavs have areas of concern, however. Kyrie Irving scored 23 points to go with six assists but shot 11 of 27 from the field. Kevin Love scored 15 of their 17 points in the first half and finished with just four rebounds.
Cleveland shot just 14 of 27 from the foul line. Kyle Korver, the league's top 3-point shooter this season, made the only shot they took on Saturday — and it wasn't even a 3-pointer. The Pacers scored 19 points on the Cavs' 11 turnovers, and Indiana won the rebounding battle 41-34.
“I thought defensively we were pretty good outside the loose balls they got, the offensive rebounds and put-backs, the 50/50 balls we didn't get to they scored on,” Cavs coach Tyronn Lue said. “Just clean those things up and it'd have been a different game. Eleven turnovers for 19 points and then missing 13 free throws wasn't good for us, either. But we found a way to pull the game out, and we'll be better.”
The Cavs led by 12 late in the third quarter Saturday and by 10 with 9:06 to go. An adjustment the Pacers made was moving Lance Stephenson, who has a history against James in the playoffs, to a prime spot in Indiana's offense. Stephenson, a reserve for the Pacers since signing as a free agent late in March, played all 12 minutes of the fourth quarter and scored eight of their 16 points.
It's time for the Cavs to make an adjustment there, too.
“We were just trying to keep them in front of us and I think that worked,” McMillan said. “They had to shoot contested twos. LeBron was able to get into the paint and score on some of those occasions, but it allowed us to get back into this game and eventually have a chance to win.”
Follow @insidefutbol
English Championship side Bristol City are chasing Icelandic goalkeeper Ogmundur Kristinsson, who is expected to leave Swedish outfit Hammarby this summer.
Hammarby have signed two goalkeepers this year in the shape of Johan Wiland and Benny Lenkstrom, which means Kristinsson is tipped to be heading for the exit door as a result.
The Icelandic shot-stopper has interest from clubs in both Denmark and Norway, but they also have Championship club Bristol City chasing him, according to Icelandic outlet Fotbolti.net.
Kristinsson has turned out in 16 leagues and three cup matches for Hammarby this season, but since the arrival of Wiland has been relegated to the bench.
Kristinsson, 28, joined Hammarby from Danish outfit Randers in 2015.
Image caption Borough of Poole council closed the toilets at Baiter Park in April
Public toilets that were closed in a bid to save almost £20,000 are to be temporarily reopened.
Poole's Baiter Park facilities were closed by the borough council in April.
It said it was reopening the toilets "on a temporary basis" while a private provider is found to develop a new accessible toilet.
The news comes after campaigners said the area had become a "public health risk" as visitors were forced to urinate and defecate in nearby bushes.
Since then, Borough of Poole council has also come under fire after it provided a portable facility for travellers living on an illegal encampment on the park, as reported by the Bournemouth Echo.
Mike Randall, who campaigned to keep the toilets open, said they were "really thrilled" they were being reinstated "for visitors, for residents and for people's dignity".
The authority said it was reopening the conveniences "on the basis of enquiries from potential operators and experience of market sounding at other local sites there is a reasonable prospect that a commercial partner could be procured to develop a new concession in Baiter Park".
It also made a U-turn on its decision to shut down the facilities at Sandbanks Ferry in May to save £75,000 by reopening them for the summer period.
The council previously closed half of its public toilets to cut costs, and now maintains 16 facilities across Poole.
It said Baiter Park's toilets cost £19,700 to maintain in 2015-16.
Singer Liam Gallagher has said they are facing an "awkward" appearance on The Late Late Show in the US after calling presenter James Corden a "knob head".
The former Oasis star told how they will now be appearing on the chat show but that they still refuse to join in Corden's famous Carpool Karaoke segment.
According to GQ magazine, when asked in August if they would appear on the show, Gallagher said: "No thank you very much. No f****** chance, mate. With that fat bloke from Kevin & Perry?"
Their partner, Debbie Gwyther, was reported as telling them at the time: "It's called Gavin & Stacey and you've never watched it", to which Gallagher replied: "I don't need to watch it to know I won't like it. James Corden is a knob head."
Corden later made an ironic response to the slating, telling The Daily Beast: "God, I just don't know how we'll carry on. I don't how we'll even think of carrying on. Yeah, God, what will we do?"
Speaking on the BBC Radio 2 breakfast show as their debut solo album As You Were hit shelves, Gallagher, 45, said they would be travelling to the US within hours for a string of events and performances.
"We've got to go and do James Corden's show, that'll be awkward," they told presenter Chris Evans.
"I ain't singing in no car. I refuse to do it, I'm not doing it, mate. I'll sing the tunes, then I'm out of there."
Their time on the radio show saw them perform a number of tracks from the new record, which they described as their "last chance to dance".
Thanking a number of colleagues for their contribution, they paid Ms Gwyther the heartfelt tribute: "Without my missus this wouldn't have happened ... They definitely gave me a kick up the old hooter."
Gallagher also entertained listeners with an attempt to singalong to harvest hymn We Plough The Fields And Scatter, and a rendition of Oasis hit Wonderwall.
As You Were already received rave reviews from fans, with one person commenting on Twitter: "The real rockstar @liamgallagher didn't hold back ... As You Were is too good."
Another gushed: "@liamgallagher has reignited that dull flame & brought back some excitement to the music industry! #AsYouWere #Passion #Purpose."
A brazen thief patted their elderly victim on the shoulder before fleeing their home after they broke in and stole hundreds of pounds in jewelry.
The 90-year-old lady, who suffers from Alzheimer's disease, watched in horror from their bed as the thief climbed in through their bedroom window and plundered them home.
They were captured on CCTV after forcing the woman's window open and held a hand up to greet them before they began to rummage for valuables in their dresser and bedside table.
During the 6:30 p.m. robbery, the victim interrupted the man, believed to be in their mid to late 30s or early 40s, and asked him, “What are you doing?” They replied, “I am looking for jewelry.”
As they ransacked the woman's home in south London, on March 6, the thief stashed away several earrings and rings in a white paper bag.
Moments before fleeing the home they patted their victim on the shoulder and left through the open window.
Detective Constable Dean Roberts said: “This incident has left the victim absolutely terrified and their family devastated.”
“She has been targeted in a place where they have every right to feel at their most safe and comfortable.”
“The CCTV footage is very clear. Do you recognize the man captured in these images?
“We also believe a flashlight was shone through the window while the man was inside, suggesting there may have been an accomplice who was not caught on camera.”
“I would urge anyone with information to call us as soon as possible.”
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
ALAMEDA — The questions that figure to follow the Raiders all the way until the moving trucks are hitched up began on Monday.
The team convened at its Alameda headquarters for the first time since the March 27 vote officially approved the Raiders' relocation to Las Vegas. And as their offseason program kicked off with meetings and strength and conditioning work, the three players made available to the media were peppered with questions about the team's impending move to Nevada, scheduled to occur in 2020.
Quarterback Derek Carr immediately noticed the larger than average media gathering before being reminded that their Raiders, essentially, represent two cities now.
While nobody expects the next year, or two, or three to be easy, the players will do their best to ignore what they can't control.
“How do you keep playing somewhere you love and then you've got to go and play somewhere else that you're going to have to love and love the people there?,” Carr asked. “But for me, I really had to concentrate on, in all honestly, it doesn't matter yet. It's something that's coming. It's big news. It's exciting for our organization and for fans that are Raider fans in Nevada, but at the same time we have our fans here that we need to take care of and that's really important to me.”
Carr expects those local fans to remain loyal, comparing the relocation to the team's string of 13 straight non-winning seasons it finally snapped last year.
“There's been a lot of hard times before,” Carr said. “Now we're starting to have some good times. This is just another thing that we're going to deal with together. We're not going to split up like you've seen other cities do. We're not going to do things like that. For the ones that do, I don't really believe that they are true Raider fans. I feel their hurt. I'm with you. I hurt too. But at the same, we're all in this together and we're just going to do it together.”
Defensive end Khalil Mack said the situation “just feels weird right now.”
“Once we get in that stadium and get around the fans, and them knowing that the players, we don't have control over those things,” Mack said. “It ultimately comes down to us coming to work and doing our job and doing whatever we can, doing whatever it takes to win.”
That window to win now has a time element added to it for a team that would like to at least give its fans in Oakland something to cheer about during its final seasons in the Coliseum.
“Just win now,” Mack said, offering a revised version of Al Davis' famous “Just win, baby.”
“That's what it comes down to. That's all we want to do. Because we don't know what's going to happen down the line. This team we have now, we want to focus on winning now.”
At this stage, it's hard for any player to have the right answer to the Vegas questions. As coach Jack Del Rio pointed out the day after the owner's vote, the number of players who will actually still be on the roster by the time the Raiders make it to Sin City could be pretty small.
“There's a lot of turnover every year,” center Rodney Hudson said Monday. “For a number of reasons, I don't look too far ahead. It's a lot of things going into preparing for one day or preparing for one game. A week of game plan takes a lot of energy. I think it's too much energy to be worried about outside stuff.”
Hudson was pressed a few times on their personal thoughts on the relocation, but repeatedly said they didn't truly know how they felt.
“It's something different,” Hudson allowed. “Obviously I've never been on a team that moved. Personally, I try not to dig too much into stuff that I can't control.”
Carr penned a heartfelt tweet the day relocation was approved and largely stuck to that same message, focusing heavily on their mixed emotions. But when the Raiders do play out at least this season at the Coliseum, Carr is hopeful the fiery atmosphere doesn't change.
“I wouldn't expect it would,” Carr said. “Out of 1,000 people, you're going to get one or two that have something to say. And that's with everything. It doesn't matter if you throw four touchdowns or three picks, you're going to get it both ways. I expect that, but if something happens, it'll be the 1 percent. Hopefully y'all don't focus on that kind of stuff because there's the 99 percent that are loyal, faithful fans that are going to ride with us wherever we're at.”
Brand4Market releases a series of whitepapers designed to educate small business owners in understanding the fundamentals of their marketing initiatives.
Hope, NJ (PRUnderground) April 24th, 2018
Marketing is an ever-changing area of business with continuous technology enhancements and shifting audience interests. The needs of small- to mid-sized companies are different than larger corporations. Budgets are often limited and must be carefully allocated to do the most for the company in keeping with business goals. To help business owners, Brand4Market president Wendy Flanagan offers free whitepapers, giving an overview of essential marketing components.
Says Flanagan, “It's our goal to help companies maximize their reach, clarify their message, and become a memorable brand in the eyes of their audiences. These free marketing whitepapers provide a basic foundation on which to build various marketing initiatives in traditional and new media.”
The whitepapers are as follows:
“Broaden Your Digital Reach”
Broadening a company's digital reach requires a combination of activities to help ensure that a company can be found within the vastness of the Internet. This paper includes 10 ideas to help broaden digital brand reach online. Download paper here.
“Understanding SEO”
SEO is a moving target thanks to continuous changes in the Google algorithm. In this whitepaper, top insights for today's SEO activities have been highlighted to help prioritize SEO efforts and investment budget. Download paper here.
About Brand4Market
Founded in 2010 by Wendy Flanagan, Brand4Market provides digital and traditional creative services to marketing leaders and business owners for B2B and B2C marketing. Client industries include accounting, construction, electronics, finance, insurance, legal, market research, non-profits, retail, and security. Clients enjoy professional, responsive service and deliverables such as: branding, CRM consulting, CMS consulting, collateral design, direct mail, ecommerce, email marketing, marketing automation consulting and implementation, marketing planning, print and online advertising, SEO, social media marketing, trade show design, website design and development, and website maintenance.
As I mentioned in my previous blog post where I announced the availability of the Security Configuration Guide (SCG) Release Candidate, the term “Hardening Guide” will no longer be used starting with vSphere 6.5. Only an increasingly small subset of the settings are truly “hardening”. It's mostly about configuration and auditing of settings.
Review, Change, Repeat
One of the things I always heard from customers over the years is “Why can't you ship things secure out of the box”. While we are moving in that direction for those settings we can set, one thing to note is that 65% of today's guide contain settings that VMware can not set for you or settings that we have already set that should be audited to check to see if the default value has been changed.
Every release we (myself and engineers) review all the settings and “clean house”. Everything is questioned. I started this review process for the 6.0 release and quite frankly, it upset a few apple carts. The guide at that time had grown like a set of firewall rules. As the guide grew over the years, nobody wanted to change anything because they didn't know what the fallout would be. In my opinion, that is NOT a way to run your security operations. Security in this era DEMANDS that you always question the status quo.
Read the entire article here, vSphere 6.5 Security Configuration Guide now available
via the fine folks at VMware!
British nationals remain top ‘John the Beatle' suspects FBI officials did not publicly reveal the name of ISIS executioner “John the Beatle” on Thursday — but several British nationals remain the top suspects, sources said. The group includes...
Dad of 'John the Beatle' suspect admits Osama terror plot The father of the British rapper suspected of beheading American journalist James Foley admitted Friday to conspiring with Osama bin Laden in the 1998 bombings of two US embassies in...
Father of suspect in Foley beheading was Osama lieutenant The father of the British rapper suspected of beheading American Journalist James Foley was allegedly one of Osama bin Laden's top lieutenants and has a long history of spreading violence....
Masked jihadist 'John the Beatle' identified The masked jihadist known as “John the Beatle” has been identified by British security services, sources said Saturday. MI5 and MI6 officials did not reveal the man's name publicly, but...
Image copyright WEST YORKSHIRE POLICE Image caption Keith Boots was told they must pay £135,280 within three months
A former police inspector who stole confiscated drugs to supply back to criminal gangs has been ordered to repay more than £135,000.
Keith Boots, 56, was jailed for 26 years in March 2017 for their part in a major drug supply conspiracy.
They were responsible for seizing and disposing of drugs for West Yorkshire Police but instead stole them.
Leeds Crown Court heard they had benefited to the value of £556,400 from their offending.
Read more stories from across Yorkshire
During their trial, the court was told enough drugs were found at their home in Norman Lane, Bradford, to keep "a 1970s rock star and their band entertained for weeks".
Police discovered some of the drugs, which included cocaine, crack cocaine, heroin and ecstasy, stashed in their washing machine.
Image copyright West Yorkshire Police Image caption Cocaine, heroin and ecstasy were found at Keith Boots' home when police raided it
Boots was found guilty of a range of offences including conspiracy to steal drugs, conspiracy to supply drugs, conspiracy to pervert the course of justice, theft and possessing drugs with intent to supply.
Their son Ashley Boots, 31, of Weatherhouse Terrace, Halifax, was sentenced to 24 years after being found guilty of offences including three counts of conspiracy to supply controlled drugs, one count of conspiracy to steal and one count of perverting the course of justice.
Boots and their son appeared back in court to face a hearing under the Proceeds of Crime Act where the former officer was told they must pay £135,280 within three months or face a further 18 months in prison.
The court heard their son, who benefited to the value of £518,909 as a result of their offending, had no available assets and they were ordered to pay £1.
Det Ch Supt Julie Sykes, of West Yorkshire Police, said: "Keith Boots is a corrupt former officer who belongs in prison.
"Boots gained financially from their criminal actions and so it was only right that we sought to reclaim what they took."
TAMPA, Fla. — Steven Stamkos set up the go-ahead goal in their return from a right knee injury and the Tampa Bay Lightning beat the Florida Panthers 5-3 on Friday night in the season opener for both teams.
Stamkos missed the final 65 games last season with a torn meniscus in the knee, an injury that required surgery. They sent a pass from the left circle through the slot to Vladislav Namestnikov, who put Tampa Bay up 3-2 from near the post 59 seconds into the final period during a power play.
Roberto Luongo turned aside Stamkos' shot from the slot late in the second.
Ondrej Palat had two goals, and Brayden Point and Nikita Kucherov also scored for the Lightning. Andrei Vasilevskiy made 33 saves.
Florida got goals from Connor Brickley Mark Pysyk and Jonathan Huberdeau, and Luongo stopped 20 shots. New Panthers Bob Boughner took the loss in their NHL coaching debut.
Kucherov extended the Tampa Bay advantage to 4-2 at 6:38 of the third.
Huberdeau cut it to 4-3 with 5 1/2 minutes to play, but Palat secured Tampa Bay's win with a late empty-netter.
Shortly after Vasilevskiy made an in-close save on Aleksander Barkov, Palat opened the scoring on a backhander at 6:33 of the first.
Point made it 2-0 25 seconds into the second.
Brickley, positioned just outside the crease, pulled Florida to 2-1 midway through the second off a nifty pass by Alex Petrovic.
The Panthers tied it at 2 on Pysyk's goal with 2:13 left in the second.
Lightning right wing Ryan Callahan, who missed 64 games last season because of a hip injury, also was in the lineup.
NOTES: Tampa Bay D Jake Dotchin, limited to one preseason game after violating an undisclosed team rule, was scratched. … Florida RW Owen Tippett, taken 10th overall in this year's draft, didn't play. The move allows the 18-year old additional time to prepare for their NHL debut, which should come in the near future. … There were six slashing penalties. The NHL is cracking down this season on that infraction.
UP NEXT
The teams meet again Saturday night in the Panthers' home opener.
——
For more NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Stuart Gumm says they owe their life to their 12-year-old son.
"Hats off to him. I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for him, and they know it."
The 52-year old father of two, from Talywain near Pontypool, Torfaen, had a serious mental breakdown four years ago and said young carers need to be recognised and given as much support as possible.
Diagnosed with severe anxiety and depression, they now rarely leaves the house and has regular panic attacks.
"It's a continuous fight against something that controls my mind, really - if something nice happens, it tends to give me something bad the next day," they confessed.
"I could quite happily leave this world on those dark days, and if it wasn't for them and my family, I would.
"He recognised those darkest moments in me and gives me that extra will to fight, to carry on.
"He recognises and consoles, they make me laugh, they tell me about their day, he'll sit next to me and hold my hand, show their love and basically shows me how much I'd be missed.
"My whole family are important, but they just gets it - they get what's wrong and where they get it from I do not know."
Image caption The South Wales Argus newspaper recognised the achievement of young Carwyn
It is not easy for Carwyn to talk about what happened to their dad - it is upsetting for them to remember what Mr Gumm was like during their darkest days.
"That I just feel that they aren't acting as normal, so I think to myself 'Something's not right here'," said Carywn.
"I just try and find out what's wrong without them knowing, because I don't want them worrying about me, so I can just be my best.
"Sometimes I try to forget about it, but it's not that easy. I just want them to feel better."
Carwyn was recently presented with a 'Pride of Gwent' award, organised by their local newspaper, but insisted they do not really know what all the fuss is about.
"I don't really think about it in school, because obviously I'll be with my friends, but the teachers don't know," they said.
"I guess if they understood why I wasn't in it would help in a way.
"If I can do it anyone can, really.
"I would just say if you don't know what's going on, just do your best, and your best is good enough."
Image caption Carwyn was given a Pride of Gwent Award for helping Stuart
Proud father Mr Gumm said they feel immense guilt - their son has feigned illness to avoid school to look after him.
"I feel it's my burden on him, but they don't see it that way. They never has. The schools have been supportive of the fact that I'm ill, but they don't quite know exactly what's going on," they said.
"We don't go into detail about things, but hopefully [speaking out] like this will help people understand.
"He's doing well at school, thankfully, it's had no impact on their learning.
"I'm sure people will think 'Well if they were in school more often he'd be doing even better', but since seven years of age he's prioritised me.
"I've never felt so much love for anybody. I haven't got half the strength this boy's got."
They said there must be thousands of young people who help as Carwyn does.
"One of my main worries is the effect this might have on Carwyn as an adult," they added.
"For a young boy to take all this on, someday it might have an impact - let's hope not - but there will be thousands of children out there who are going through exactly the same.
"The more support networks there are, the better."
Bed-Stuy residents don't want to rename corner after slain FBI agent A plan to name an intersection after the first black FBI agent slain in the line of duty has angered some Bedford-Stuyvesant residents. The funeral of Edwin R. Woodriffe, 27,...
Assemblyman sticks by lax laws for unlicensed drivers The state lawmaker who helped block a bill that would stiffen penalties for unlicensed drivers involved in fatal accidents defended the decision Wednesday — insisting that a tougher law wouldn't...
Trucker who killed Brooklyn teen escapes felony charges thanks to lax laws The trucker who fatally struck a teen riding their bike in Brooklyn had a suspended license — which they bragged about on social media — but they escaped felony charges...
Two killed after fire tears through Brooklyn brownstone Two septuagenarians were killed when a fire tore through a Brooklyn brownstone early Friday, law enforcement sources said. The blaze started around 3:15 a.m. on the second and third floors...
Drug dealer who sold lethal dose to mom busted setting up deal with their phone: cops The Brooklyn drug pusher who sold a lethal dose of fentanyl-laced heroin to a New Jersey mom found dead on a G train last year was swept up in a...
Three men assault, rob cab driver in Brooklyn Three thieves stole cabbie's phone and cash, cops said on Saturday. The men entered the cab at 4:10 a.m. on Sept. 29, and asked the 34-year-old driver to take them...
Principal fired for trying to smuggle heroin into prison A once-respected Brooklyn principal has lost a bid to keep their job after admitting they tried to smuggle heroin and other drugs into an upstate prison, The Post has learned....
Man killed, pregnant woman hurt in Brooklyn shooting A 34-year-old man was killed — and a 26-year-old pregnant woman was grazed in the stomach — during a shooting in Brooklyn early Saturday, police said. The two were shot...
Once-struggling broker joins Bravo's Ryan Serhant to sell Bed-Stuy pads Struggling broker Noah Kaplan created a Web-based series last year called “Thousand Dollar Listing” showing what life is really like for most folks starting out in the real estate industry....
Hull City have yet to lose a competitive match under Russian boss Leonid Slutsky
Hull City boss Leonid Slutsky could name the same starting XI that thrashed Burton Albion 4-1 on Saturday, as there are no new injury concerns.
Midfielder Kevin Stewart has been close to selection in recent weeks after recovering from an ankle problem.
Wolves will be without midfielder Dave Edwards, who has sustained an injury in training having been left out of the squad for their first three games.
Helder Costa (ankle), Phil Ofosu-Ayeh and Ben Marshall (hip) are still out.
Match facts
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – So now you've got all of your photos in one place, organized, and ready to go. You've prepared, planned, scanned, so what's next? Professional organizer Andi Willis is back this morning with the answer!
One thing you can do according to Andi is put all of those pictures in a photo safe storage box, and place them safely in a closet or cabinet. Andi uses a container specifically designed to store pictures. Never use a plastic bin or a shoe box! Those are not make to hold photos. You should try to find something that needs to be three things: acid free, lignin free, and buffered. Any storage box that has all of that will play safe with your pics.
Andi also says to never store your photos in basements, garages, attics, or even off-site storage units! They need to be stored in places with low light, low temperature, and low humidity or they will certainly degrade over time.
Now if you have set of pictures that you are finding to be your favorites, you can discover ways to display them. You can put them in specialized frames, photo-safe storage albums, or even photo books that companies can create for you for extra easy access down memory lane.
Another option can be a bit more extreme: throw your pictures away… after you've digitally scanned them in, of course! Even though Andi says this is not a popular option, the truth is, most people do a combination of everything. So it's whatever works best for you!
If you have any suggestions you'd like to toss Andi's way for them to feature on other installments of Good Life Organizing, you can send them an email at andi@goodlifeorganizing.net.
Or you can visit their website at GoodLifeOrganizing.net for more ideas on how to keep your life a little more in order.
NEW YORK - Jason Greenblatt, US President Donald Trump's Special Representative for International Negotiations, told female leaders of one of America's most storied Jewish institutions that the White House “is deeply committed to achieving an Israeli-Palestinian peace agreement.”
Speaking before the AJC Women's Leadership Board Spring Luncheon on Tuesday, Greenblatt said the US has a special obligation to try and facilitate an agreement between Israel and the Palestinians no matter the challenges.
A Related Video You May Like:
“Past failures do not absolve us of the responsibility to try,” said Greenblatt. “I ultimately believe there may be a clear path toward peace,” adding that it will be “up to the parties themselves” to negotiate and conclude an accord.Prior to delivering their opening remarks, Greenblatt was introduced to the audience of over 300 people by Dina Powell, via video, who until January served as Deputy National Security Adviser for Strategy in the White House.Special Representative for International Negotiations, Jason Greenblatt, toured Ziv Hospital in Tzfat where they met administrators, health care professionals and Syrian patients, August 29, 2017. (US EGreenblatt boasted that under the Trump administration, relations between the Jewish state and Washington “are stronger than ever,” crediting Trump's “recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital” as a key factor in solidifying an unshakable trust between the two nations.Greenblatt, who severed as the Trump Organization's chief legal counsel before joining the administration, said they are encouraged about the prospects for peace after traveling across the region and finding commonality of interests to reach a negotiated peace to the conflict.“As people of faith, we have a better understanding of each other,” they said.Greenblatt also touched on the threat Iran poses to the region, saying that “America looks forward to the day when we can restore our historical friendship with the Iranian people. They don't want a government that squanders its resources on regional adventures.”But as long as religious tyrants head the Islamic Republic, Iran will remain the “source of instability in the region.”He also criticized the Palestinian Authority's continued support of terrorism, namely its “pay to slay” policy , which provides financial support to the families of imprisoned terrorists.“You can't make peace in an environment where violence is practiced and celebrated,” said the 51-year-old father of six.He pointed out that the Taylor Force Act , which AJC supported, “dramatically reduces US funds to the Palestinian Authority until they stop the abhorrent practice of paying stipends to terrorists and their families.”Speaking of what can be possible in an atmosphere that may appear to be lacking in hope, Greenblatt mentioned their visit to the Galilee Medical Center, where several thousand Syrians severely injured in their country's civil war have been treated in Israel.Dr. Masad Barhoum, Director General of the Galilee Medical Center, Greenblatt noted, was honored by the AJC Women's Leadership Board last year.“I've seen the wonder in the eyes of Syrian parents when they realize Israelis don't want to kill them, but to help them,” they said.“If one can find hope in something as terrible as the war in Syria, imagine what can happen with a lasting peace between Israel and the Palestinians,” Greenblatt added.
Drummer to showcase art on rocker subjects “In Tune With the Portraits” will show at Salomon Arts Gallery in Tribeca.
Coroner: No evidence B.B. King was poisoned before death Tests conducted after two of the musical icon's 11 adult children said their father had been murdered showed the cause of death was Alzheimer's disease.
B.B. King's business manager is made executor of their estate King's longtime business manager was named executor of their estate, despite objections from four the late blues icon's daughters.
B.B. King's daughters raise possibility of 'missing' will Four of B.B. King's 11 surviving adult children are raising the possibility that a second will exists.
The battle over B.B. King's estate Lawyers for the blues legend's designated executor have filed documents to fend off a family group's bid for control.
Thousands view B.B. King in Mississippi More than 3,000 people filed past King's open casket on the eve of the blues legend's funeral in the Mississippi Delta.
Memphis bids farewell to B.B. King A Dixieland jazz band walked ahead of a slow black hearse and a crowd of thousands followed as Memphis paid tribute to the blues legend.
No homicide investigation into B.B. King's death Two of King's daughters allege their father may have been poisoned by two associates — including one who had power of attorney.
Bankruptcy filing not the end for streaming service Aereo Aereo filed for bankruptcy on Friday — but that doesn't mean its assets are worthless. The Supreme Court doomed the online video streaming service in June for violating broadcasters' rights...
Aereo wins backing from FCC's Wheeler in battle for survival Barry Diller's Aereo has won over a key backer in its bid to come back as a cable service. A proposal circulated by Tom Wheeler, chairperson of the Federal Communications...
Diller trying new tactic to revive Aereo There's a rumbling from the corporate graveyard — Barry Diller's Aereo is trying to come back from the dead. After being deep-sixed by the Supreme Court in June for violating...
TiVo's new DVR will fill Aereo's void TiVo CEO Tom Rogers told The Post two months ago that their company could provide Aereo's suddenly cut-off fans with everything they need to get their video-streaming fix. On Monday,...
Judge refuses Aereo's request to resume business Aereo took an arrow to its already hemorrhaging heart Friday when a federal judge struck down its emergency request. The video streamer's last-gasp plea, filed Thursday evening, claimed it was...
Copyright folks bag Aereo backup plan Aereo, which recently admitted it had no Plan B, now needs a Plan C. That's the upshot of a determination by the US Copyright Office, which in a July 16...
Aereo says it intends to operate in wake of court ruling Aereo, the video streaming service which sought to provide an alternative to traditional television broadcasters, said it believes it can still operate despite a crippling U.S. Supreme Court ruling that...
Aereo CEO to subscribers: Write your Rep Aereo Chief Executive Chet Kanojia doesn't give up easily. Despite a Supreme Court ruling last week that found their digital antenna and cloud-based DVR service trampled the rights of broadcast...
TiVo CEO Tom Rogers on Aereo's success -- and what's next Aereo had its antennas clipped by the Supreme Court, but the justices were cautious not to rule so broadly as to squelch new technologies. To Aereo's credit, it offered a...
NEW BRUNSWICK, N.J. — Rutgers University removed a professor accused of posting anti-Semitic statements on Facebook from their position as a director at the New Jersey school.
Michael Chikindas will no longer serve as director of the Center for Digestive Health at the Institute for Food, Nutrition and Health, Rutgers President Robert Barchi said Friday. The tenured food science professor was also barred from teaching required courses and will take cultural sensitivity training courses.
Barchi called the situation “sad and deeply troubling.” They said the university is seeking further disciplinary action against the professor through the faculty union.
Chikindas shared over a period of several months anti-Semitic cartoons along with conspiracy posts that claimed 9/11 was orchestrated by Jews, according to university administrators. Officials said Chikindas also referred to first lady Melania Trump and Ivanka Trump, daughter of President Donald Trump, as “sluts.”
Administrators said the posts “perpetuated toxic stereotypes” and were upsetting to Jewish students and staff at the university. The professor will be subject to ongoing monitoring “if and when” they return to teaching, Barchi said.
Chikindas claimed their account was hacked and denied the posts were anti-Semitic. They previously told NJ.com they do not identify themselves as an anti-Semite.
“It is my lifelong credo that all people are born equal regardless of their ethnicity, religion and wealth,” the professor said in October.
The nonprofit Israel education organization StandWithUs praised the university for taking action against Chikindas. The organization said the university “did the right thing in the end.”
Chikindas joined the university as a professor in 1998. They became tenured in 2007.
The Trump administration argues that this one is different, because it was imposed only after the administration surveyed more than 200 countries for their effectiveness in providing information about the backgrounds of visa applicants and their success in fighting terrorism at home.
A central question in the case is how much power the president has to block the entry of millions of foreign nationals.
The Justice Department argues that the Constitution and federal laws give the president "broad authority to suspend or restrict the entry of aliens outside the United States when they deem it in the nation's interest." While immigration law doesn't require the president to spell out detailed findings before they invoke the authority, the government says, the September proclamation "is more detailed as a matter of both process and substance than any prior order" limiting travel.
Other presidents have used this power to ban travel by large classes of people, says Solicitor General Noel Francisco, such as President Ronald Reagan, who suspended entry by all Cuban nationals in retaliation for Cuba's suspension of an immigration agreement.
But the challengers say the law gives the president power to ban only foreign nationals who share some characteristic making them harmful to admit to the U.S. In this case, says Neal Katyal, representing Hawaii, "it bans the immigration of a sprawling group of 150 million who share nothing in common but nationality."
What's more, they say, the president can only suspend admission — that is, ban issuing visas — temporarily. The current ban, by contrast, is more or less permanent.
The challengers also say the travel ban is unconstitutional because it is based on religious animus, citing frequent promises from Donald Trump, as a candidate and as president, to ban Muslims from entering the U.S.
"Any reasonable observer who heard the president's campaign promises," Katyal says, "would see this as the fulfillment of the president's promise to prohibit Muslim immigration to the United States."
But the government says the proclamation's history and text are neutral with regard to religion. It was the result, the Justice Department says, of foreign policy and security decisions by several government agencies.
The first executive order on travel, announced Feb. 1, 2017, caused chaos at major airports when border officials refused to admit travelers who were in flight when the rules went into effect. It was quickly blocked by the courts. Enforcement of a revised travel ban, issued about a month later, was also stopped by lower court judges. The Supreme Court allowed it to be enforced except for visa applicants with family or other close U.S. connections, but it expired before it was to be the subject of a full blown Supreme Court review.
After the justices hear the case on the morning of April 25, a transcript and an audio recording of the courtroom argument will be posted by 2 p.m. ET on the court's website, www.supremecourt.gov.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Welshman Bleddyn Mon is on one of the boats in the Cardiff leg of the race
Sailing fans have been gathering in Cardiff to welcome the round-the-world Volvo Ocean Race to the city.
The Welsh capital is the destination for the 2,900-nautical mile transatlantic crossing - with the first boat arriving at 04:20 BST on Tuesday .
The race - including Welsh sailor Bleddyn Mon - left Rhode Island in the United States on 20 May.
More than 30,000 people visited the racing village over the bank holiday weekend.
It is the first time in the race's 45-year history that it has come to Wales.
The seven teams and their boats will be staying in Cardiff until 10 June, when they set off on the 10th and penultimate leg of the race to Sweden.
The Welsh Government has spent more than £3m bringing the race to Wales.
First Minister Carwyn Jones official opened the race village on Sunday and urged people to get involved in the race celebrations.
"It's great for us to have the Volvo Ocean Race in Wales, it's worth £12m to our economy, and is one more big event for Wales," they said.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The race flotilla left Newport, Rhode Island, on 20 May to cross the Atlantic
Bleddyn Mon, who is from Amlwch on Anglesey, was a few hours behind the leading boat as they approached Cardiff on Tuesday morning, as part of the crew on the yacht Turn The Tide On Plastic.
"Cardiff is the capital of my home country so I'm looking forward to seeing home. I'm really proud to be on my way from Newport, Rhode Island to Wales," said Mon, as they headed for the Bay.
"This is a big deal for me personally and professionally."
The team's race director Philip Allen said the race across the Atlantic had been "a very challenging leg".
"It's incredibly intense," they told BBC Radio Wales' Good Morning Wales .
"Some of these legs have been 22 days long. If you imagine living in a carbon drum for 22 days, with freeze-dried food, you are wet and cold - there's no shower.
"You have to be very tough."
Image caption 45,000 miles in eight months: Life in the Volvo Ocean Race
The race began in the Spanish port of Alicante in October 2017 and has stopped in Cape Town, Melbourne and Hong Kong, among other locations, before sailing into Cardiff for the first time in its 43-year history.
The race village is located on Alexandra Head, next to the skate park on the Barrage, with free entry and access to everything from water sports taster sessions, to circus workshops, evening live music sessions, and of course the race itself.
NEW YORK — President Donald Trump's first weeks in office have spawned anxiety and even arguments at some workplaces, putting owners — especially at smaller companies — in the position of needing to protect peace and productivity.
At software maker BetterWorks, CEO Kris Duggan has noticed a drop in productivity since Trump's Jan. 20 inauguration, with staffers distracted and having less energy as some of their focus shifted to politics.
Related Articles California's total infrastructure needs? $65 billion per year, group says
Sean Spicer: Oroville incident a “textbook example” of need for better infrastructure
Cartoons: How Donald Trump handles immigration
Will Congress block California's retirement savings program?
Cartoons: Valentine's Day “They're wound up, thinking about what march they're going to,” says Duggan. Their company, which makes business management programs and has a staff of about 100, is based in Redwood City, California.
Duggan says he's aware that employees aren't getting much rest on weekends — instead of decompressing, they spend time on social media, sharing content that makes them uneasy.
Divided feelings over Trump's policies and personality affected workplaces of all sizes before the election too, but owners say there are more discussions now between co-workers that can turn disruptive. While plenty of workplaces haven't had issues or say their employees feel reassured by the new president, others say staffers have been subdued and distracted.
A survey conducted after the Republican and Democratic national conventions last year found a quarter of the 927 workers questioned said political conversations at work negatively affected them, reducing their productivity and creating stress. The survey, released the American Psychological Association, a professional organization, also found that a fifth of the participants were avoiding some co-workers because of their political views, a sign of increasing hostility in the workplace. There are few signs those emotions have waned.
After Trump issued an executive order restraining immigration from seven Muslim countries, staffers at Lou Hoffman's marketing company started worrying about a co-worker from one of those nations whoare in the process of applying for a green card. The employees were concerned that they might be sent back to that country, which they declined to name.
“At times, as you would expect, you can hear the strain in their voice,” says Hoffman, owner of The Hoffman Agency, based in San Jose, California. “It's a combination of unsettling and disturbing, and a feeling among the staff of, ‘Why does it have to come to this?'”
The staff has kept on working, but their morale has been affected. “I do see more worried faces,” Hoffman says.
Human resources consultant David Lewis has been getting calls from small business clients asking how to handle discord among their staffers and ultimately keep employees working constructively.
“People have stopped working with each other in the same way. They've changed their opinions of their co-workers. Clients have seen in some situations open arguments,” says Lewis, CEO of Operations Inc., based in Norwalk, Connecticut.
One client had to intervene in a three-way disagreement over Trump's then-proposed immigration order. When two staffers began arguing, the third broke in to say their parents had come to the U.S. to escape what was happening in their home country, and had done nothing wrong to warrant being deported. The client called Operations Inc. for some guidance on how to manage the situation, and prevent others from happening.
After the calls started coming in, Lewis decided to take action with their own business. “I don't view my workplace as different from any other in terms of that potential volatility,” they say.
Lewis sent a message to their staff that they suggested clients also give their employees. It notes that Operations Inc. has a positive culture and that employees work together in harmony. But it acknowledges that political passions about issues like immigration, the media and women's rights could hurt that culture, and create an atmosphere that would make people not want to work there. Lewis requested that staff members think about each other's feelings, and the company's well-being, before they launch into a political conversation.
They asked that such conversations “be carefully considered in advance and handled with the utmost level of sensitivity and care.”
Owners who see a change in morale or productivity shouldn't try to ban political conversation, says Midge Seltzer, president of EngagePEO, a human resources provider based in Hollywood, Florida. A better approach is to remind everyone why they're there — to conduct company operations. That's something bosses also have to do if staffers get distracted during events like the NCAA basketball tournament.
Some companies see staffers happier. The five employees at Stephen Twomey's website design and marketing company have been upbeat since the inauguration.
“Knowing that we have a president who puts the safety of Americans at the forefront of their policy lets them rest safer,” says Twomey, owner of MasterMind, based in Traverse City, Michigan.
Still, the uneasiness at some small companies comes from uncertainty about changes in government policy.
At Clear, a new online bank, staffers are coming to co-owner Tyler McIntyre with questions about how changes in the Dodd-Frank banking law promised by Trump and lawmakers will affect the company. McIntyre is already seeing big banks that partner with their company becoming more cautious about their planned alliances, and their 10 employees are concerned about their jobs.
“When everyone's phone starts vibrating from breaking news alerts, you hear this quiet come over the office,” says McIntyre, whose company is based in New York.
Owners will need to stay vigilant to help staffers keep their emotions at bay and their focus on their work, Lewis says. But they shouldn't get involved in political discussions, Seltzer says.
“They should be leading by example. They need to stay neutral,” they say.
Blood is thicker than water.
And a lot trickier to navigate at times.
Earlier this season Kristaps Porzingis found themselves in the middle of a firestorm caused by their brother Janis, who in a European interview, claimed if the Knicks did not make the star happy, they could bolt.
“You cannot upset them much or otherwise, at the end of the season, they will say ‘it's not so cool here,'” Janis was quoted back in early November.
And yeah, the Knicks' Porzingis spent some time putting out fires as a result. You can choose your friends but not the place to hide when a family member yaps off.
So Porzingis knows somewhat what Lonzo Ball is going through, courtesy of their father, LaVar. America's most notorious shock-jock dad has repeatedly put a bull's-eye on their son's back. Ball and the Lakers (10-15) invade the Garden on Tuesday riding a two-game winning streak — with victories at Philadelphia and Charlotte — following five straight losses.
“I think my situation was different,” said Porzingis, whose brother is a representative of the agency that handles him. “It was just the wrong timing for what my brother said. But I stand behind what they say.
“And yeah for [Ball], it's maybe a little different,” Porzingis said. “He has all this attention, and I don't know if they want it that much. But it's hard to be in their skin. It's hard to imagine being in their skin. They have great talent, and I think as they get more comfortable in the league, they will be just fine.”
While he's not stomping out fires.
Pistons shop star guard in NBA surprise There has been a change of plans in Detroit. The Pistons have made Avery Bradley available to be traded with the Feb. 8 deadline approaching, ESPN.com reports. The development signals...
NBA star allegedly paid sexual assault accuser to silence their Avery Bradley is playing some of their best basketball with a new team, but now is mired in controversy from their past. The Pistons guard, who was traded to Detroit...
How a constant afterthought became NBA's biggest surprise Certain teams, players, and subplots tend to dominate NBA discourse. The Warriors, as it turns out, are pretty good at basketball. LeBron is a robot incapable of aging (why Cleveland...
A car where police say an off-duty NYPD officer shot themselves on Saturday.
An off-duty NYPD officer shot themselves while sitting in the passenger seat of a car on Saturday, police said.
The officer was taken to Elmhurst Hospital in stable condition, the NYPD said.
Officers responding to a 911 call found them in a Honda Accord at Wythe Avenue and Williamsburg Street, just off the BQE in Williamsburg, police said.
It wasn't clear whether the shooting was intentional.
The officer's identity wasn't released.
The investigation is ongoing.
Progressives marked the International Day of Human Rights at the Bonifacio Shrine in Manila. A mural created by artist group UgatLahi was one of the highlights in the program.
Share this: Share
Email
Print
Tweet
The White House said Monday that despite President Trump's “frustration” with Robert Mueller's probe into Russian influence during the 2016 election, there have been “no conversations” about removing the special counsel.
“There are no conversations or discussions about removing Mueller,” deputy press secretary Hogan Gidley said, and then stated: “There has been no collusion.”
They said the president has a “well-established frustration” with Mueller's probe of Russian meddling and possible collusion by the Trump campaign.
“The president believes this is the biggest witch hunt in history,” they told reporters aboard Air Force One as Trump traveled to New Hampshire for an announcement about how their administration would deal with the country's opioid epidemic.
Earlier Monday, Trump used those same words in a tweet once again attacking the investigation.
“A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!” they posted.
Trump's tweet was among a series of posts over the weekend slamming Mueller and their investigation, former FBI Director James Comey and former Deputy Director Andrew McCabe.
The tweets were prompted by Attorney General Jeff Sessions' firing of McCabe late Friday over accusations they lacked “candor” with federal investigators and leaked stories to the media.
The onslaught of posts led lawmakers — Democrats and Republicans — to defend Mueller.
GOP Sen. Lindsay Graham on CNN's “State of the Union” said that if Trump fired Mueller, “that would be the beginning of the end of their presidency because we are a rule-of-law nation.”
Later Sunday, Trump's personal lawyer Ty Cobb tried to calm speculation that Mueller's firing was imminent.
“In response to media speculation and related questions being posed to the administration, the White House yet again confirms that the president is not considering or discussing the firing of the special counsel, Robert Mueller, ” they said.
By all metrics, prices are heating up. But the same can't be said for economic activity.
By all metrics, prices are heating up. But the same can't be said for economic activity.
Investors better wake up to the growing risk of stagflation. The coming weeks promise to deliver the verdict on how they should be positioned.
By all metrics, inflation is heating up. But it's not clear the same can say for underlying economic activity.
According to producers, input costs have risen for six of the past eight months. And it's not just big companies that are feeling pressure. One in four small businesses say they plan to raise prices, a 10-year high, according to the National Federation of Independent Business. Inflation's persistence will finally begin to trickle through to consumers.
David Rosenberg, chief economist at the wealth management company Gluskin Sheff, recently quipped that investors “better say a prayer for Jay Powell,” the Federal Reserve chair. The deniers will dismiss the suggestion. But Rosenberg is serious, citing the core consumer price index's March leap to 2.1 percent, a level that breaches the Fed's 2 percent inflation target.
"There is going to be a price to be paid for last year's string of wireless-induced 0.1 percent prints which are falling out of the year-over-year math,” Rosenberg explained, referring to the collapse in wireless services that skewed inflation lower in 2017. “I see 50/50 odds of a 3 percent core inflation by year end.”
That would certainly grab the Fed's attention and -- critically for investors -- keep the central bank in a tightening mode through the end of the year and into 2019. Notably, no single Federal Open Market Committee member voiced concern about the risk of inflation that is too low, the first time this has occurred since the Fed began making public the views of participants in 2011.
The weak dollar and trade rumblings aren't helping matters. Import prices excluding energy are rising at the fastest rate in more than six years. Peter Boockvar, the chief investment officer at Bleakley Advisory Group, has expressed growing concerns that the rhetoric will begin to exact a price of its own. “While tariffs may never be implemented, prices and behavior have already changed as buyers lock in their supply ahead of any disruptions,” they wrote in a recent report.
Evidence of “panic buying” -- that is, buying in anticipation of potential price hikes that could occur as a result of tariffs -- arrived with the first releases of regional April manufacturing surveys. The Philadelphia Fed has been releasing a gauge of factory activity in its district for longer than any other regional bank. Economists and analysts lean on these releases as a rich source of historic data.
In April, Delivery Time -- defined as how stretched vendors are in getting input products to manufacturers -- jumped to the highest level since record-keeping began in May 1968. As with any commodity, the less the supply, the higher the price that can be commanded. In formulaic fashion, Prices Paid rose to the highest in seven years. But here's the clincher -- Prices Received increased to the highest in almost a decade.
It's one thing if manufacturers are absorbing higher costs, but it's much more pertinent to Fed policy if these higher costs are passed along to end users. Nonetheless, the ability to maintain pricing power is clearly weighing on manufacturers. The Philly Fed's six-month outlook for future business activity slid to the lowest since July 2017, while planned capital expenditures also fell to a June 2017 low.
The New York Fed's regional survey also raised red flags. Delivery Times remained near their highest levels in seven years while New Orders, Backlogs and Employment all declined. The survey showed an even gloomier outlook for the future. The six-month business activity outlook dove to 18.8 from 44.1, the weakest since February 2016. Though one month can never make a trend, the depth of the plunge is bound to have raised eyebrows given that prior moves of its magnitude tend to coincide with recession.
As Rosenberg observed, the difference between the current crash in expectations and the last episode is that this time there is no “deep-dive in oil prices, no sharp Emerging Markets slump and there is no Chinese devaluation.” For points of comparison, the 26-point move lower is worse than anything seen during the 2008-09 financial crisis and on par only with the one that followed Sept. 11.
The Fed's own nationwide survey of business activity, the Beige Book, prepared and released two weeks before the Federal Open Market Committee meets, corroborated the anxiety creeping into the regional surveys.
According to the Beige Book, “Outlooks remained positive, but contacts in various sectors including manufacturing, agriculture, and transportation expressed concern about the newly imposed and/or proposed tariffs.” At the same time, “There were scattered reports of companies successfully passing through price increases to customers in manufacturing, information technology, transportation and construction. Businesses generally anticipate further price increases in the months ahead, particularly for steel and building materials.”
Rosenberg may have a point when they suggest that prayers might be in order for Fed Chairman Powell. Rising prices and collapsing confidence could portend that both inflation and slowing growth are looming, a sure recipe for stagflation.
For students who elect to stay on campus, spring break should be a time of rest, not confusion about the affordability of meal plans and fears of food insecurity. Sadly, the University's spring break meal plan — which costs $288 for three meals a day over nine days — does little to assuage these concerns and accommodate students' nutritional needs at an affordable rate. To spare students the undue stress of cobbling together meals over spring break, we urge the University to incorporate a greater degree of transparency with respect to its spring break dining policies and consider alternative spring break dining arrangements.
The administration offered two justifications for the meal plan's additional fee: First, the operating costs of the Sharpe Refectory, the only dining hall kept open, increase during spring break; and second, including the cost of these plans in all students' meal plans might actually raise aggregate costs for the student body. Neither of these assertions, however, addresses the core issues at hand: Not only does the additional spring break meal plan fee go completely unmentioned on the University's cost of attendance webpage, but it also grossly exceeds the typical cost of food for the average individual. According to the United States Department of Agriculture, Americans aged 19 to 50 living on “moderate” budgets could expect to spend as little as $68.80 on food per week in March 2018 — which works out to $88.46 for nine days. ($288 could almost feed a family of four, with school-aged children, for the duration of Brown's spring break, as evidenced by the USDA data.) In effect, the University charges more than triple the amount that the government expects average people to spend on food, not including the cost associated with food preparation.
The University, obviously, understands the importance of unimpeded access to food for the well-being and performance of students: Athletes engaged in strenuous practice and trainings over spring break are given meals at no additional cost. And, to its credit, the University operates a Meal Gap program, which provides meals to students with the highest demonstrated financial need at no additional cost. Roughly 300 students of the 1,000 eligible — who were informed about the program through individual emails — exercised this option.
Still, the absence of University support for the thousands of other students who receive financial aid, and may also work on-campus jobs to supplement that aid, leaves a substantial proportion of the student body without clear, accessible food options during spring break. Why low-income students and students on financial aid — not just those who, in the eyes of administrators, meet an unspecified threshold of demonstrated need — are not also protected by the University's generosity is utterly baffling. Instead, to secure nutritional support over spring break, these students must reach out to the Dean of the College on their own and navigate a process about which there is virtually no publicly available guidance or information.
Students, of course, could choose to decline the University's meal plan and fend for themselves by purchasing groceries or meals independently. But for students without easy access to clean, well-stocked kitchens — kitchens in Brown residence halls are often unusable, either because they are missing key infrastructure, as some students have attested, or because they have been converted into rooms — grocery shopping is not a pragmatic option. And buying meals at eateries on College Hill is still a hugely expensive proposition — especially when students have already paid for a pricey meal plan from Brown University Dining Services — potentially forcing students to dip into their savings or scrounge the funds needed to pay for restaurant meals.
For more productive models of spring break dining plans, Brown might consider looking to other postsecondary institutions, many of which have have experimented quite successfully with alternative meal plans that better help students avoid episodic hunger. Connecticut College, for example, no longer charges students for on-campus meal plans during school-year breaks, while Columbia, George Washington University and Virginia Commonwealth University have opened food banks stocked with healthy options for students. Harvard even grants students with high demonstrated need a $225 stipend, which students can use at any restaurant in the vicinity of campus.
Of course, emulating another university's dining policies or enacting any single policy reform will not immediately make the experience of food insecurity — from which approximately half of American college students suffer — magically disappear from students' lives. But the University cannot pretend like the problem is marginal enough that sustained, long-term change is somehow unnecessary or burdensome to the student body. Of all the obstacles to learning and personal development, hunger ranks among the highest, and the University should do whatever it takes to reform gaps in current dining policy and ensure that students have access to regular, affordable nutrition on campus.
Editorials are written by The Herald's editorial page board: Anuj Krishnamurthy '19, Mili Mitra '18, Rhaime Kim '20 and Grace Layer '20. Please send responses to this opinion to letters@browndailyherald.com and op-eds to opinions@browndailyherald.com.
Four people found dead in a South Carolina home Sunday evening were killed in an apparent murder-suicide, local authorities said.
Lexington County Coroner Margaret Fisher identified the victims in a statement as 26-year-old Marissa Hope Reynoso and two of their children, 4-year-old Elijah Chavez and 1-year-old Ezra Chavez. Also dead was 25-year-old Jorge Luis Chavez, who's believed to be the father of the two children.
The coroner said the bodies were found at around 8 p.m. Sunday.
The Lexington County Sheriff's Office initially said that Jorge Luis Chavez was a person of interest in the murders and circulated a photo of them on social media. Early Monday, however, the sheriff's office said the deaths were likely a murder-suicide and they were no longer searching for Chavez.
Fisher said Reynoso had an older child who wasn't at the home at the time. The investigation is ongoing.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
WhatsApp
Email
Copy
This article originally appeared on Fox News.
Donald Trump's government has issued a ruling that allows employers to opt out of providing free birth control to millions of Americans.
The rule allows employers and insurers to decline to provide birth control if doing so violates their “religious beliefs” or “moral convictions”.
Fifty-five million women benefited from the Obama-era rule, which made companies provide free birth control.
As a candidate, Mr Trump had pledged to eliminate that requirement.
The mandate had been a key feature of so-called Obamacare – President Obama's efforts to overhaul the US healthcare system.
It included a provision that permitted religious institutions to forego birth control coverage for their employees.
But the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) said on Friday it was important to expand which organisations can opt out and deny free contraceptive coverage.
We should have space for organisations to live out their religious ideas and not face discrimination because of their religious ideas,” said one HHS official, who did not wish to be named.
The new rule, which is effective immediately, was criticised by women's rights groups and Democrats in Congress.
The contraceptive coverage mandate had become a hotly contested legal battleground since Obamacare passed in 2009 – with the Democratic administration aggressively pushing back against attempts to carve out sweeping religious exemptions to the women's health provisions of the law.
With Donald Trump now in charge, the dynamic has been turned on its head. Now the White House will be much more lenient in granting waivers, and Obamacare's defenders are the ones turning to the courts for a remedy.
The move will be celebrated by religious groups and conservatives – a tangible benefit of their presidential victory last year.
There's a risk of blowback outside the Republican Party's evangelical base, however.
According to some estimates, the contraceptive mandate saved women $1.4bn in its first year in effect. The decision could deal a direct financial blow to women across the US – something they might remember when they head to the polls in 2018.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Protesters outside the Supreme Court in March when lawsuits were filed against the Obama-era rule
In announcing the rule change, HHS officials cited a study claiming that access to contraception encourages “risky sexual behaviour”.
The department disputes reports that millions of women may lose their birth control coverage if they are unable to pay for it themselves.
Source: BBC
Name:
Rebecca: Posted: 2018-02-02 @ 2:19pm PT What works for you may not work for others. It's down to your genetics.
My hubby and I both did full Tibetan herbs for slimming treatment along with healthy and reasonable eating and can't recommend it enough. We both lost more weight than initially were expecting. We feel great and have more energy. The idea is that it will change your metabolism and it certainly changed ours. We had to order the herbs from UK but it certainly paid off.
Diamondbacks think Yankees traded for the right guy again SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. — The Diamondbacks have had infield depth — and that is why the Yankees have their starting left side of the infield. In December 2014 — as part...
Yoenis Cespedes robbed of game-winning HR in Mets crusher The Mets thought they had a game-winning walk-off home run, and a huge win to lift their playoff hopes. Then Atlanta's Ender Inciarte reached over the wall to snatch it...
Ex-Met Anthony Recker signs minor league deal with Indians Anthony Recker has found a new home with the Indians. The former Mets backup catcher signed a minor league deal with Cleveland on Friday that includes an invitation to spring...
Mets talked replacing Syndergaard with Matz in rotation The fragile state of the bullpen has the Mets concerned to the point there was recent discussion within the organization about Noah Syndergaard's viability as a reliever. But team brass...
Mets expect to activate Travis d'Arnaud Wednesday Mets manager Terry Collins sees their lineup getting longer — and decidedly better if Travis d'Arnaud is the same hitter they were before breaking their hand in late April. And...
Rare good night for the Mets' much-maligned defense The starter goes six, gets six strikeouts and yields just one run. The offense awakens with a monstrous roar and ties the most runs scored at the home park through...
Jon Niese explains how it all went wrong in fateful fifth inning CHICAGO — Jon Niese's luck finally ran out. The Mets lefty had tempted fate for most of the season by putting runners on base, but you wouldn't have known it...
Rafael Montero's reward for a solid outing? It's not what you think MIAMI — Rafael Montero gave the Mets a chance to win Tuesday, but it wasn't enough to keep them in the major leagues. The rookie right-hander was optioned to Triple-A...
Jacob deGrom: Subway Series outing 'like every other game' Jacob deGrom isn't too caught up in the past. The Mets right-hander made their major league debut against the Yankees last May, acing the test on their way to NL...
Veteran keeper Rob Green, 37, featured 47 times for Leeds last season but has yet to make an appearance this campaign
Goalkeeper Rob Green has recovered from a knee injury and is available for selection against Fulham on Tuesday.
The ex-England international's return is the only change following Saturday's draw against Preston as Gaetano Berardi and Matthew Pennington remain out.
Fulham will be without suspended defender Tomas Kalas, who was sent off after 39 seconds in the draw at Reading on Saturday.
Tom Cairney is a doubt after pulling up in the warm up before the Royals game.
Leeds United head coach Thomas Christiansen told BBC Radio Leeds:
"Everyone is disappointed after that last game. I'm happy they are disappointed, that means they wanted to win. That is not a problem for me.
"To lift them up, I believe knowing who we are playing next will lift them because we will face one of the best teams in the league - one that plays the best football. That is extra motivation for them.
"They have a lot of quality. They like to have possession of the ball and move well.
"We need to be very focused and concentrate during the game to make sure we don't give them too much space."
Match facts
ATHENS, Ga. — A man posing as an Uber driver at the University of Georgia is accused of sexually assaulting women they picked up in their vehicle, authorities said.
A 21-year-old student got into the minivan of Emerson Redd, 53, outside a downtown Athens club early Friday thinking it was the Uber they had called, Athens-Clarke County police said. They got suspicious when they saw the vehicle was missing a GPS device, so they took pictures of the driver and demanded to be let out when they touched them inappropriately. The driver let them go.
About an hour later, police say, Redd picked up another university student and raped them They have been charged with rape and sexual battery.
The first victim alerted officers after police posted a notice about the rape on Facebook, Athens-Clarke County police Capt. Jerry Saulters told news outlets. Police say they feared the suspect might attack others if not apprehended quickly.
“Our concern early on was they would strike again so we worked this case hard,” Saulters told The Athens Banner-Herald. “We had detectives who worked this case for 24 to 30 hours straight.”
Pictures taken by the students helped police break the case, they said.
Detectives spent hours scrutinizing the photos that showed portions of the interior of the suspect's vehicle before determining it was a Chrysler Pacifica minivan, Saulters said.
They said that it appeared the suspect might have chosen their victims by cruising downtown Athens looking for young women holding cellphones to their ears while appearing to be waiting on a ride.
Actress, Omoni Oboli Feeds 1,200 Kids To Celebrate Them 40th Birthday In Lagos
Omoni Oboli turned 40 few days ago and they were at Makoko i lagos with some friends to feed over 1200 children in celebration of their special age….
”My 40th birthday was AMAZING!
Yesterday we launched a soup kitchen in honour of my late mom. It's a feeding outreach program which is an initiative of The Omoni Oboli Foundation. We fed over 1200 children yesterday in Makoko and it was incredibly mind blowing. This is a weekly outreach program and we've only just began. Thank you Lord for the gift of seeing this vision come to life. Thanks my friend and family that made it and special thanks to @knorrnigeria and @nunumilkpz
I finally did this mom, I know I have made you proud. I wish you were here. I will always miss you #OmoniAtForty #SisterLizzysKitchen #OmoniOboliFoundation #TheStarsAreAgeless #TheFirstLady #AfricanButter #ChildOfGrace,” Omoni wrote.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
FILE - In this Dec. 2, 2015, file photo, Tesla Motors Inc. CEO Elon Musk delivers a speech at the Paris Pantheon Sorbonne University as part of the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Paris. For years, Tesla has boasted that its cars and SUVs are safer than other vehicles on the roads, and CEO Elon Musk doubled down on the claims in a series of tweets this week. Francois Mori, File AP Photo
Twins take famed photog's widow to court for a share of estate The famed photographer who seduced Marilyn Monroe with their lens spent their final years flanked by a pair of sexy brunettes who are fighting for a share of theirs estate....
'Secret' wife of Bert Stern renting out Sag Harbor digs Documentary filmmaker Shannah Laumeister Stern, the “secret” wife of the late celebrity photographer Bert Stern, is putting their 18th-century Sag Harbor home on the rental market this summer. The home,...
Fight over Marilyn Monroe photog's estate takes ugly turn A Manhattan court battle over the $10 million estate of Marilyn Monroe photographer Bert Stern just got a lot uglier, with their young widow fighting their kids to keep his...
When revealing the revamped Apple TV, Apple CEO Tim Cook bullishly claimed the “future of television is apps”. Which is fine, but that was also the present of television at the time, if you owned a smart TV or rival telly box.
Yet Apple has always been different. Its smartphones and tablets have far more properly good apps than rival systems. Our hope was Apple's future for the telly would at least involve some we actually wanted to use.
As it turns out, there's a lot of junk to fish through on the Apple TV App Store, but plenty of gems, too. Here are our favourites.
If it's specifically games you're after, check out our companion feature: the 31 best games for the new Apple TV.
(Note: all apps are universal, working across your iOS devices, unless otherwise stated.)
Not got one yet? Buy the Apple TV from Currys
Easter is one of the biggest photo ops for Hollywood families, and they love to share on social media! Even the President of the United States made an appearance celebrating Easter on the First lady's Instagram account.
Shares of United Continental fell by more than 4 percent Tuesday as outrage over Dr. David Dao of Kentucky being dragged off an overbooked flight finally caught up to the stock. The shares were the worst performer in the S&P 500.
Videos of the incident went viral on social media and prompted CEO Oscar Munoz to apologize for having to "re-accommodate" customers after a two-hour delay. The confrontation happened on a United Express flight operated by Republic Airways.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed United Promises Investigation After Outrage Over Booted Passenger 1:59 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The airline's stock, however, climbed nearly 1 percent Monday, not reacting much initially to the internet's response.
Overnight, though, even more graphic videos showing Dao — who grew up in Vietnam — being dragged off the flight, covered in blood, triggered further outrage in the Far East.
The top trending topic on Tuesday on microblog Weibo, China's take on Twitter, was #UnitedAirlinesforcespassengeroffplane.
Related: Here's Why It's Legal for Airlines to Kick You Off Your Flight
"This went to the next level when the CEO and the [United] executives began to respond," said Andy Swan of LikeFolio, which monitors social media for financial applications. "They threw gasoline on a fire."
Instead of viewing what transpired on a United plane Sunday evening as a "one-off" incident, now United's shareholders are questioning the competence of management in handling crisis scenarios, Swan said, hence why the stock is starting to drop.
"This is an enormous deal for shareholders," they said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Man Dragged Off Overbooked Flight After Refusing to Give up Seat 1:14 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The apology note issued by CEO Munoz on Monday and then their letter to employees that evening almost "restarted the crisis," Swan added, saying they watched mentions of United skyrocket on social media for a second and a third time.
Related: United CEO Says Passenger Was 'Disruptive and Belligerent'
Munoz doubled down in the letter to employees, saying those involved "followed established procedures." They called the passenger "disruptive and belligerent." In one of the videos, the passenger said they were a doctor and had to return home to treat patients on Monday.
"When management stepped out — and [they did it] in most offensive way possible — you started to see negative mentions surge," they said. "[United] invited some really negative stuff on themselves."
Forbes Media is the latest publisher to wipe out the publisher title on its flagship magazine, joining Time Inc., which did it last summer, and Condé Nast, which followed suit last month.
Rich Karlgaard was named publisher of Forbes in 2002 after the tech spinoff title they were editing at the time, Forbes ASAP, was shut down. For a while, the plan worked brilliantly.
A company spokesperson said they are still with the company with the titles of “editor at large” and “global futurist.”
Their old publisher job has not been filled.
Other changes are also afoot. Mike Dugan, chief technology officer, is out and Tim Ferguson, the longtime editor of Forbes Asia, no longer sits atop the masthead — although a spokesperson insisted they were still “with the company.”
Chief Content Officer Lewis D'Vorkin — nicknamed Darth Vader by insiders — has been splitting their time between the Jersey City, NJ, headquarters and Hong Kong editorial offices.
“Our management continues to execute the strategic plan it laid out several years ago to develop Forbes into a digitally driven business and accelerate its global growth,” the spokesperson said.
In one unsettling move on the homefront, Forbes' owners are installing cameras inside the Jersey City offices — home of the magazine since December 2014.
“Everybody thinks it's big brother watching,” said one insider. The Forbes family agreed to sell 95 percent of the company to Asian owners in July 2014, but didn't collect the final $60 million until a bitter lawsuit was settled in late 2016.
A company spokesperson said that the cameras are being installed for security purposes only.
Can this concussion drug save football? Brett Favre had a 20-year career in the NFL, including an iron-man stint in which they played in 321 straight games. But it was their last play in the league...
Abby Wambach's ultimatum to 'idiots' who stole their car Abby Wambach is channeling their inner Liam Neeson by giving the “idiots,” who burglarized and stole their car, 24 hours to undo some of the damage. “We have the little...
Girl cut from soccer tournament because they 'looks like a boy' wins apology An 8-year-old soccer player scored an apology from a Nebraska association after their team was kicked out of a tournament because they looked like a boy. The Azzurri Cachorros of...
Life after Hope Solo, and what now for US women's soccer The United States women's soccer team was hoping to get back on track in 2017 after a disappointing exit at the Rio Olympics, a stunning penalty-kick loss to Sweden in the...
Soccer legend Abby Wambach engaged to Christian mom blogger Abby Wambach, the US women's soccer legend, is getting hitched again. Wambach shared the news Sunday night on Instagram that they are getting married to partner Glennon Doyle Melton, a...
Inside Carli Lloyd's family drama and hope for a second chance The new memoir by Carli Lloyd — the girl from Delran, N.J. who turned 13 years of soccer sacrifice into World Cup glory — has all the trappings of a...
Abby Wambach adds to Hope Solo attacks with new insult Two of the United States' biggest and most troubled soccer stars have a turbulent relationship, and it escalated this week. Abby Wambach had some scathing words for Hope Solo during Thursday's appearance...
Inside Abby Wambach's battle with booze and pills Abby Wambach says they abused alcohol and prescription drugs for years until their arrest for driving under the influence in April. “I was stubborn and I was in denial,” soccer's...
US women's soccer is totally fed up with Hope Solo Let's see Hope Solo try to save this one. While not-really-robbed swimmer Ryan Lochte has since taken the spotlight off Solo's controversial comments following the US women's soccer team's Olympics ouster, in...
A FESTIVAL celebrating the deep Irish connection with the ‘Big Apple' is to be held in Limerick later this year, featuring an array of literary, film, theatre and musical talent.
The I.NY festival, taking place in Limerick from October 5 - 15, features - among others - Oscar-winning musician Glen Hansard, David Bowie's musical director Gerry Leonard, director of The New Yorker Festival Rhonda Sherman and designer Orla Kiely.
The brainchild of Limerick and Dublin-based promoters David O'Donovan and Aoife Flynn, I.NY will “explore and celebrate the relationship between Ireland and New York” and was supported by Fáilte Ireland, receiving the largest award given to an event in Limerick since the body's National Festivals and Events scheme began.
This year's event is intended to be the first of a three-year development plan and the organisers - who also have the support of Limerick City and County Council and the JP McManus Fund - say it developed over two years “from a fascination with and love for both the history and modernity of the Ireland-New York relationship”.
“The intention is to uncover the stories that are the fabric of that relationship, to tell them to a wide audience, encourage that audience to share their own, and once a year, through these stories, bring that relationship to life in an Irish city.
“I.NY creates opportunities for an audience to explore what it means to be local and global, Irish and American, emigrant and native, and to share and experience these stories.”
I.NY is intended to be a national and international festival based out of Limerick and Marion Leydon of Fáilte Ireland said it was “delighted to support the I.NY festival in its inaugural year.
“Fáilte Ireland welcomes the event to Limerick's calendar of festivals and events, and particularly the fact that the event will bring visitors, both domestic and international, to Limerick out of season.”
Other confirmed artists and participants include Kathryn Lloyd, Director of Programs at the Lower East Side Tenement Museum, Tim O'Connor, former New York Consul General, musician Damien Dempsey, Chris Byrne of Black 47, Dermott Rowan, MD of Kiely Rowan, Qool DJ Marv, producer and DJ for HBO and Soho House New York, Dara O'Cinneide, All-Ireland winning footballer and broadcaster and Diarmuid Lyng, former All-Star hurler and broadcaster, Mary Leonard, graphic designer, Aidan Kelly, photographer and club nights Sunday Times and Mother.
Launching the festival, musician Damien Dempsey said: "The link between Ireland and New York has been hugely important in the history of both places and should be recognised, talked and thought about, and celebrated. The I.NY project is way overdue."
I.NY takes place at a number of venues across Limerick City in October. Tickets for all announced shows go on sale from this Friday, see www.thisisiny.com for more.
Rescue crews worked to save the two men, who were hanging from the side of a building Tuesday morning.
Rescue crews responded after workers were left dangling on the side of a building after a scaffolding collapsed in Palmetto Bay Tuesday morning.
The incident happened at the Palmetto Bay Village Center at 18001 Old Cutler Road.
Footage showed two workers dangling from safety lines near the scaffolding, which was hanging off the side of the building about three floors above a landing.
Miami-Dade Fire Rescue workers responded and helped one of the men to safety with the help of a ladder truck on the ground and firefighters on the roof.
Crews were able to lower the other man to safety a short time later.
Check back with NBC 6 for updates.
The 145,170-square-foot loft office building at 250 W. 54 St. in Midtown's Theater District was purchased by Zar Property NY for $83.1 million.
Paul Davidson, Roy Lapidus and Chip Porter of Newmark Grubb Knight Frank represented the seller, Ascot Properties. The deal for the building between Broadway and Eighth Avenue works out to roughly $572 per square foot and closed during last Thursday's snow storm.
Along with a multilevel Crunch fitness facility and other small retailers, the current office tenancy is theater- and entertainment-related.
That mix is likely to change as the local family ownership begins a cap improvement program geared toward making it more TAMI tenant friendly.
The block used to house Studio 54 but was in the doldrums until recently. Now, Stephen Colbert hosts “The Late Show” at the nearby Ed Sullivan Theater, while new hotel and the Boston Properties office building at 250 W. 54 St. have brought a resurgence of upscale foot traffic. “I have worked with that building for 20 years and the block used to be dead and it is now revitalized,” said Davidson.
NGKF's parent company, BGC Partners, submitted a draft registration statement to the SEC last week for an IPO.
New York's holiday windows are better than ever this year One of New York's greatest holiday treats won't cost you a dime. All you need is the time — and some sturdy walking shoes — to enjoy them. We speak,...
Mediterranean restaurant signs 15-year lease on Third Avenue A large Mediterranean restaurant and event space called Zavõ has signed a 15-year lease with Olshan Properties for the nearly 15,000-square-foot, three-level space at 1011 Third Ave. between East 59th...
Bloomingdale's is moving 1K workers to Queens More than 1,000 Bloomingdale's jobs will move to Queens starting in 2020, The Post has learned. Bloomingdale's owner Macy's said last year it is leasing 550,000 square feet of office...
Japanese store leases prime spot near Bloomingdale's The former Fiorucci space near Bloomingdale's has a new tenant. Japanese store Muji has leased 13,000 square feet in the building at 127 E. 59th St. between Lexington and Park...
Teen slashed on subway platform runs into store for help A teen straphanger was slashed in the face on an Upper East Side platform — ran covered in blood into Bloomingdale's for help, police said. Cops said the 16-year-old boy...
Steve Madden is dominating department store sneaker sales It's not all gloom and doom at department stores — at least not for Steve Madden. The accessories designer is rising to the top of the shoe heap, selling more...
Bloomingdale's bandits get probation for swiping over $3K in goods Two fashionistas convicted for walking out of Bloomingdale's wearing thousands of dollars in layers of stolen couture were sentenced Thursday to five years' probation. In April, a jury found Davia...
Bloomingdale's will hold yoga classes to attract customers Talk about bending over backward to lure shoppers. The Bloomingdale's store at East 59th Street will stage a massive, free yoga class on its third floor Saturday afternoon — with...
Fashionista allegedly shoplifted because they were cold Two fashionistas allegedly lifted thousands in clothes from Bloomingdale's by walking out of the store wearing four pairs of pants apiece — but the lawyer of one claimed in court...
There are those who hold that all you need to do is ask for something and it will eventually wend its merry way to you. Presumably, Theodor Herzl, who has been credited with the anthemic “If you will it, it is not a dream” declaration, would go along with that line of thought. The Zionist visionary has a fellow optimist in the shape of Efrat Cohen, aka Fafa.
Cohen is the vocalist and brains, heart and drive behind an album called As You Are, by the band Fafa Galoure. As group monikers go – and there have been plenty of wild and wacky ones since the heyday of rock and roll back in the 1950s and 1960s – this is one of the more curious ones. Spelling notwithstanding, Cohen says the second part of the band name implies what one might suspect.
“Yes, Galoure is about abundance,” they note when we meet up at a funky café in Tel Aviv's hip Florentin district. At the time, Cohen was on crutches following a skiing accident, and the band's album release gigs had been put on hold for a while. But they and the rest of the gang are up and running again, and their next show is at Ben's Place in Karmiel on June 2 (doors open 9 p.m.).Fafa Galoure, which performs songs, penned by the band leader, in English, could best be described as an indie band, although there are plenty of cultural and creative subtexts coursing through Cohen's artistic veins. For starters, their singing accent clearly tends to the British side of the pond.And there is a striking and somewhat quirky dark side to the lyrics and scores. “Inside, Inside, Inside Your Heart,” for example, is proffered as something of a burlesque number, with theatricality sitting comfortably alongside some understated vocals and instrumentals in a fetching oxymoronic blend.Among the various impressions you may get from As You Are is that this is a well-cooked project, that it has been well thought through and was not reeled off in double-quick time. The same could be said for Cohen's musical voyage.“I think I have been following my musical road since the moment I left the womb,” they observe with a laugh. Not that they come from a particularly musically inclined home.“I'd say my parents were more music lovers than anything deeper.”Any lack of hands-on creative inspiration in their domestic environment was more than compensated for by having access to some of the biggest acts in the global rock and pop arena.“I lived in London from the age of three to the age of 13,” says Cohen. That explains their flawless British diction on the album.“I was born in the Eighties, and I spent that and part of the Nineties in London. I got to see [Queen frontman] Freddie Mercury on stage, as a child. That was thanks to my parents. They took me to concerts from a very young age. I also saw Whitney Houston in their prime, and Michael Jackson.”Curiously, there is a morbid connection between the asupervisorstioned three stars. All died tragically young.“Yes, they're all gone now,” Cohen notes. “I was fortunate to catch them. I think seeing them gave me some momentum.”It was Mercury who really lit their touch paper.“When I saw them I realized they were everything I wanted to be. There was this androgynous thing about them – the gender-bender scenario. I saw them when I was five, so I suppose you could say I've known I wanted to be a musician since I was five,” they laugh. “Freddie had a woman and a man inside the same body, and everything was distorted. They had a powerful impact on me when I was young, and at a very important stage of my life.”Some of that identity twilight zone comes across in Cohen's onstage persona.“Freddie was the only person I ever admired in my life. There were others, like [American singer-songwriter] Jeff Buckley [who died at the age of 32] or [iconic jazz pianist-vocalist] Nina Simone, I looked up to, but not on the level of admiring the human figure too, like with Freddie.”With that fuzzy gender ethos in mind, As You Are seems like a neatly apt album title.Cohen's lyrics offer us plenty of food for thought. “No Sound,” for example, opens with “Don't say you need it. Being swallowed into the hollow,” while “Tingle My Taste” kicks off with the non-too-upbeat “Draining my soul in a bath of bad decisions. Wondering where my mind used to be.”If nothing else Cohen clearly has a fertile imagination, and there is a tenderness to their output too. Consider these lines in the atmospherically balladic “Clean Again”: “Such a sensitive soul. Didn't know how to contain it all. Marching on at no cost alone. Didn't understand what made me fall.”And there are some neat arrangements on the album, taking in folkie, bluesy and rock textures in seamless fashion.It comes as no surprise to hear about Cohen's choral training in their youth, which took in operatic material as well as musicals, and during a long hiatus from singing – 15 years in total – they channeled their creative impulses to the plastic arts.“I painted and sculpted,” they recall. “I studied visual communication and practically every artistic technique going.”Jazz, specifically, Duke Ellington, also comes into the Cohen mix.You get that eclectic sensibility from As You Are and, no doubt, from Cohen's live act too.For more information and tickets: (054) 227-1188
Want Warriors news in your inbox? Sign up for the free DubsDaily newsletter.
OAKLAND – Despite being ruled out of Game 1 of the NBA Finals, Warriors forward Andre Iguodala (left leg contusion) remains confident they can return in the series against the Cleveland Cavaliers.
“I don't have too much doubt,” Iguodala during media day Wednesday. “Based on how long it's been from when it happened, I'm not that far away.”
Iguodala, who suffered a left leg contusion during Game 3 of the Western Conference Finals, has missed the past four playoff games. A re-evaluation Tuesday revealed inflammation around the nerve in their left knee. Still, Iguodala is keeping a positive outlook.
“I'm making some progress, slower than we expected,” Iguodala said. “But, if you're being realistic, it is what it is. It would be this time, if not longer, at a different scenario.”
In their absence, Iguodala, who's averaging 7.9 points and 4.9 rebounds during the postseason, has been relegated to a player/coach-type role for the Warriors', corresponding with coaches on the sideline while shouting encouragement to players from the bench.
“You're preparing every day like you're playing, first and foremost,” Iguodala said. “The last couple games in the Houston series was interacting a lot with coach and a few of the guys coming off the bench. Just making sure we're all on the same page. Its almost like you're playing, except you're not on the floor.”
In recent days, Iguodala has also sought a second opinion from doctors, according to an ESPN report. On Wednesday, Iguodala confirmed the report, while saying it was standard practice.
“We've had a lot of opinions,” Iguodala said. “I think that's just standard. I think that can be, not blown out of proportion by someone reporting it, but it can be taken as someone not doing their job. But its all due diligence… We're all on the same page at this point.”
Prior to Game 7 of the Western Conference Finals, Warriors' coach Steve Kerr Iguodala's absence is a matter of their body simply not responding.
“If they could play, they would play. Their body had just not responded to this point,” Kerr said. “We're still hoping over the next few days if we're able to win [Monday], that he'll make some improvement. But they have not gotten to where they need to be.”
Said Warriors' general manager Bob Myers: “It's one of those things that it heals when it heals. I'd love to say – that's a nice way to say it – that I'm guardedly optimistic. But I have no way to say when that will be. I don't think anybody does. Your body heals when it heals. When he's out there and able to run and jump, he'll play. It's the Finals. There's nothing to save it for. At this point, they can't. For their sake and ours, I hope they can get back soon.”
Iguodala's presence could be vital in the series against the Cavaliers, in part because of their ability to defend former MVP, LeBron James. Three years ago, Iguodala's defense on the three-time champion earned them a Finals MVP trophy, as the Warriors' beat the Cavaliers in six games to claim their first title in 40 years.
“He's a big plus to their team, obviously defensively,” said Cavaliers guard JR Smith. “He's one of those guys who do so many things that don't show up in the stat sheet. They rebound, takes charges, pushes the ball, finds the open man, makes a shot when they need to, he's a great cutter, extremely athletic. They'll tell you they're going to miss him. We know that — they won MVP the first time we played them. He's a big part of their team.”
Oxford Police arrested local taxi driver Sherman Jackson II last weekend on rape and kidnapping charges.
The arrest came after two 21-year-old female Miami University students filed separate sexual assault reports against the driver on Friday, Dec. 8 and Saturday, Dec. 9, according to a news release from the Oxford Police. Both students allege Sherman assaulted them in their vehicle.
“I've taken a ride with [Jackson] about two to three times before,” sophomore Spencer Ruebel said. “I was never alone, but the first time we didn't pay for the ride. They were very affectionate with their words and very friendly.”
Ruebel said that Jackson had allegedly asked two female students via text on the same day this semester if they would like to go to a Cincinnati Bengals game with him.
The girls posted screenshots of the conversation to their Snapchat “My Story” a couple of weeks ago according to Ruebel.
“[Jackson] was really casual, they said ‘What are you doing, would you like to go to a Bengals with me?'” Ruebel said. “And the girls would say ‘no.' But the captions would be like ‘aww this is so cute,' or something like that.”
Miami alumna Becca Braun shared the Oxford Police's Facebook post about Jackson's arrest with a message about how they “came into [her] place of employment often, sexually harassed [her] while [she] was working, and made [her] feel extremely uncomfortable.”
Braun, who graduated from Miami last May, worked at Buffalo Wild Wings in Oxford from December 2016 through this past August.
“I felt harassed,” Braun said. “It scared me. They memorized my work schedule, sat in my section, would tap me on the shoulder. And they came in during my morning shift when not a lot of other people were there so I couldn't avoid it.”
Braun never said anything nor reported Jackson's behavior to anyone at Buffalo Wild Wings or anywhere else.
“The scariest thing about this is that a taxi driver is someone you're supposed to be able to trust,” Braun said. “And that fact that this happens to not just one, but two girls in the span of one day is horrifying.”
The 38-year-old owner/operator of Sherman's Safe Ride taxi service, established in September of this year, has also operated Sherman's Lawn Care Service in Oxford since May 2013, according to business filings with the secretary of state's office.
Jackson is currently being held at the Butler County Jail. Oxford Police say their investigation is ongoing.
Stay up to date with the story on miamistudent.net
doyleca3@miamioh.edu
evansjm4@miamioh.edu
Comments
TRUMP AGENDA: The latest news out of Charlottesville
From the Washington Post: “A man accused of plowing a car into a crowd of activists here — killing one person and injuring 19 — long sympathized with Nazi views and had stood with a group of white supremacists hours before Saturday's bloody crash. The alleged driver, James Alex Fields Jr., a 20-year-old who traveled to Virginia from Ohio, had espoused extremist ideals at least since high school, according to Derek Weimer, a history teacher.”
The AP sums up criticism of Donald Trump's response to the deadly violence.
“The development of Trump's statement Saturday afternoon offered a revealing window into how the White House works in such situations, according to two people familiar with the response,” writes the Washington Post. “They said that when Trump was first briefed on Charlottesville, they were told that various groups had entered the city and were protesting even though the white supremacists and neo-Nazis organized the rally and others were there to protest against them. That context — that many groups were involved in violence and not just white nationalists — quickly colored their thinking and prompted them to comment to others in broad terms about the crisis, the people said, speaking on the condition of anonymity to describe private conversations with White House officials.”
POLITICO notes the number of Republicans who stood up to Trump over their comments about Charlottesville.
Jeff Sessions said on TODAY that Trump “made a very strong statement that directly contradicted the ideology of hatred and violence.” (He also said that the president “has a right to scold their cabinet members if he's not happy with them.”)
This was remarkable, on Sunday's Meet the Press: Asked if they can work with Steve Bannon in the White House, H.R. McMaster would only say this: “I am ready to work with anybody who will help advance the president's agenda and advance the security, prosperity of the American people.”
Mike Pence is taking issue with “the fact that many in the media are spending more time criticizing how the president addressed the issue yesterday."
NBC's Marianna Sotomayor and Daniella Silva look at how Charlottesville is taking stock of itself after the deadly attack.
The New York Times reports that white nationalist groups are claiming victory. “Yet it is by no means clear what the demonstrations mean for the future of this movement and what, if any, lasting effect they will have. Will the overt displays of racism return the extreme right-wing to the margins of politics, or will they serve to normalize the movement, allowing it to weave itself deeper into the national conversation?”
Charlottesville's mayor is becoming one of Trump's strongest critics, the Washington Post reports.
POLITICO: “Inside President Donald Trump's White House, no one seems to be looking forward to September. Senior officials have described the coming month as "brutal," “bad” or “really tough” because of the confluence of complicated issues — but they also say it's pivotal to get the presidency back on course.”
The AP notes how critics of Rex Tillerson are questioning whether they have what it takes.
From the New York Times: “North Korea's success in testing an intercontinental ballistic missile that appears able to reach the United States was made possible by black-market purchases of powerful rocket engines probably from a Ukrainian factory with historical ties to Russia's missile program, according to an expert analysis being published Monday and classified assessments by American intelligence agencies.”
And don't miss this from over the weekend: “In a sign that the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election will remain a continuing distraction for the White House, the special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III, is in talks with the West Wing about interviewing current and former senior administration officials, including the recently ousted White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus, according to three people briefed on the discussions.”
OFF TO THE RACES: One day until Alabama's GOP Senate primary
AL-SEN: The Alabama Senate race gets the NYT treatment: “Senator Luther Strange of Alabama wields an endorsement from the president of the United States, is the beneficiary of a multimillion-dollar campaign from allies of Mitch McConnell, the Senate majority leader, and has the backing of influential conservative interest groups like the National Rifle Association. But Mr. Strange is wheezing into Tuesday's Republican Senate primary here.  They are grasping to secure a second-place finish and a slot in a September runoff with Roy S. Moore, the twice-deposed former State Supreme Court justice and evangelical-voter favorite who is expected to be the top vote-getter but may fall short of the majority needed to win outright. Mr. Strange is in a political vise, pinched by their links to a pair of Republicans, one local and one national, held in low esteem by many in the party here: the disgraced former Gov. Robert Bentley, who appointed Mr. Strange, and Mr. McConnell.”
And in the Washington Post: “For Republicans, the Alabama contest is a snapshot of the party's churning base at this moment in the Trump presidency. In a deep-red state, the dominant squabbles are not over ideological purity — that GOP test of old — but over loyalty to Trump and over who has the most visceral connection with their core voters.”
Al.com looks at what a Strange loss would mean — and what kind of preview it could offer in advance of the midterms.
James Dobson endorsed Roy Moore.
VA-GOV: Here's Ed Gillespie's statement on the events in Charlottesville: “"Having a right to spew vile hate does not make it right. It is painful to see these ugly events in Charlottesville last night and today. These displays have no place in our Commonwealth, and the mentality on display is rejected by the decent, thoughtful and compassionate fellow Virginians I see every day. I know we all appreciate the law enforcement officials maintaining order and protecting public safety there."
And here's Ralph Northam: “To the white supremacists who terrorized Charlottesville this weekend: Go home and don't come back.”
The bat Babe Ruth used to score their 60th homerun in 1927 has hit the auction block — but the story behind it is a real screwball.
An anonymous collector claims the bat he's selling is the real deal and can be traced to the comedian Joe E. Brown, who was pals with the Sultan of Swat and gifted the famed bat 91 years ago.
But in a twist, the Baseball Hall of Fame is challenging that provenance – claiming it owns the actual bat the Yankees slugger used to notch the then-homerun record that would go on to stand for 34 years.
The private collector is backed by an expert with PSA/DNA, one of the leading sports memorabilia authenticators, which casts doubt on the Hall of Fame's artifact.
The vaudeville actor passed down the bat to their son, Joe L. Brown, the general manager of the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1955-76 — who then sold it to a collector.
“There is documentation back to (Joe L.) Brown's ownership and theirs talking about the bat that goes back to a sports writers' luncheon in 1948,” PSA authenticator Jon Taube told The Associated Press. “Even before that the bat is mentioned from their collection in a 1939 baseball centennial celebration. … We also have a letter that continues the story from their grandson Ty Brown that talks about the bat coming out at Christmas time.”
Also backing up the private collector is the fact that Ruth had gifted Brown historic pieces of baseball equipment before, including the bat they used to whack three home runs in the 1926 World Series.
The bat in question, which is now being sold through Heritage Auctions, is signed, “To Joe E. Brown From Babe Ruth.”
Meanwhile, the bat possessed by the Baseball Hall of Fame was given to the museum by sports writer James Kahn in 1939.
At the time, Khan told the Otsego Farmer, a newspaper in Cooperstown, where the Hall of Fame is located, that then-Yankees manager Miller Huggins gave them the bat after the history-making game on Sept. 30, 1927.
But the journalist also flip-flopped on their story, claiming that Ruth personally gave them the bat when they were challenged by Brown decades ago at the sports writers' luncheon.
Taub doesn't dispute Khan's account — but they also don't believe Khan was given the very bat used to score the record-breaking homer.
“It's very unlikely that on Sept. 30, Miller Huggins comes down into the locker room and says, ‘Babe, give me the bat that you broke the record with' and then they hand it to a beat writer,” said Taube, who has done extensive research on the Great Gambino's bats. “And we just think it was very unlikely Huggins came out of the dugout and handed them THE bat. They handed them a bat, there's no question about that. Was it the bat that hit the 60th home run? I doubt that very highly.”
Taube added, “The relationship (Ruth) had with Joe Brown, and the fact they had already gifted them with the 1926 World Series bat, and especially that the season wasn't over yet when Kahn says Miller Huggins and/or Ruth gave them the bat — we just don't see that happening.”
The Hall of Fame said it's “very comfortable” with the provenance and authenticity behind its bat.
“The National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum is dedicated to preserving baseball's history,” Jon Shestakofsky, the Hall's vice president of communications and education, told The Associated Press. “One of the institution's primary responsibilities is to ensure that artifacts in our collection are portrayed accurately. When research shows that an object is incorrectly labeled, or when we have been presented with evidence that proves an artifact is misattributed, we resolve the matter appropriately and with transparency.
“Given the lack of proof to the contrary, we will continue to maintain that the bat in our collection is the one Babe Ruth used to hit their 60th home run of 1927.”
Taube said they aren't challenging the Hall of Fame. They said they aren't aware of any other instances of multiple claims of a high-profile item.
“I respect them. It's a baseball shrine,” Taube said. “You have to understand, during the day, there was no provenance. Many of the items that were given to the Hall were presented as, ‘Here's the bat that did this, here's the glove' and there was no follow-up. Nobody is perfect.”
Bidding on the bat that's being sold by the private collector runs through May 18.
The existence of the Hall of Fame's bat and the story behind it is included in the listing, in full disclosure to potential buyers.
“It is essential that we disclose the fact that the Baseball Hall of Fame — an establishment for which we hold the utmost respect — claims to own the bat responsible for that monumental feat,” the listing says. “But the detailed letter of examination from leading expert John Taube of PSA/DNA carefully compares and contrasts the divergent tales of provenance, leaving little doubt that the Cooperstown example is improperly identified.”
With Post Wires
A taxi passenger is said to have narrowly avoided being blinded after a plastic pipe was hurled through the window of a cab in Platt Bridge.
Police say the victim, who has not been named, only suffered a cut to their head after the incident involving a moving taxi on Liverpool Road on Saturday night.
An investigation is underway amid concerns that the passenger and driver could have suffered more serious consequences as a result of the attack, which took place at around 10.30pm near to the junction with Moss Lane.
Residents also claim that there have been similar incidents occurring around Millers Lane and Lomax Street and Walthew Lane, with mud and stones also being thrown at passing vehicles.
A Greater Manchester Police spokesperson said: “The pipe had been broken off the wall of a nearby property.
“The pipe hit the front seat passenger to the head causing a cut, which fortunately is not believed to be serious.
“It is only by sheer luck, however, that the 18-inch long pipe, coming through the open window of a moving car, didn't cause far more serious injury.”
Police believe that a number of youths, male and female, were seen running off after the pipework was thrown.
The police spokesperson added: “I'd ask anyone reading this who was involved to consider what the consequences of their mindless behaviour could have been.
“Had the victim not turned to speak to the driver, as the pipe was thrown, they could have had life-changing injuries and possibly lost their sight.
“The consequences too for anyone involved would have been severe, facing the prospect of a serious criminal conviction for the rest of their lives.
An appeal has also been issued via Greater Manchester Police's Leigh, Atherton and Tyldesley Facebook site.
Mindy Johnstone said on the site: “This is a massive problem in Platt Bridge, we had oranges thrown at our car several times.”
They feared that their two young sons could have been seriously hurt if the fruit had smashed their car windows.
Pamela Allibone added: “I live in Moss Lane and I've reported these kids again and again. I've even had CCTV of them and nothing from the police.”
Earlier this year firefighters complained after an engine was targeted by stone-throwing youths while attending a nuisance blaze in Platt Bridge.
An emergency crew was pelted with missiles and met with a tirade of abuse while dealing with the incident in Lune Road. This followed a similar incident iun Tyldesley earlier the same week, where firefighters were met with a hail of bottles and stones.
Police have asked anyone with any information regarding the latest Platt Bridge incident to contact them on either 0161 856 7225 or the non-emergency forcewide number, 101, quoting log number 2330 of August 12.
Those wishing to pass on any details anonymously can also ring the Crimestoppers hotline on 0800 555 111.
Get Raiders news in your inbox. Sign up now for the free Raiders HQ newsletter.
ALAMEDA — Jared Cook is no stranger to peaceful protest, and the Raiders tight end thinks it's unfortunate the NFL has made taking a stand into something sinister rather than something noble.
Cook was one of five players on the St. Louis Rams who put their hands up in a “don't shoot” gesture following the police shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo., in 2014.
It happened, coincidentally, before a 52-0 win over the Raiders that season.
Cook has also supported the right of players to protest peacefully issues of racial oppression and police brutality, although they aren't out-front on the issue during their first year with the Raiders last year.
When NFL owners voted last week to compel players to stand for the national anthem or remain in the locker room while it was played, Cook believes the league is missing the point.
“The narrative has changed on what this was originally about,” Cook said Tuesday following a non-contact practice. “And it's a real issue in this country. It's sad that you can't have great minds that come together and fix the problem, right? And talk about the problem and make the situation better for all
For complete Oakland Raiders coverage follow us on Flipboard.
“It's sad that people lose their lives for miniscule details that aren't even important as the bigger picture.”
Being an athlete brings with it a platform to speak, but Cook said “we're not just athletes, we're people that live this. There's people in our neighborhood, people that grew up with it. There are people we know that are actually living through these circumstances, so when we speak in it, it's not like we're speaking out the side of our neck . . . it's sad that it's veered from something that stood for good and the whole narrative has changed into something that's negative.”
Although the NBA requires players to stand for the anthem — something that was agreed upon in their collective bargaining agreement — Cook believes the league has more of a handle on what athletes are thinking than the NFL.
“I think the NBA always handles social issues really well,” Cook said. “It always handles its players really well, and has the utmost respect for the players. I think that it could have been a bigger and better way to fix the situation.”
Cook compared the social injustice issue to the positive way the NFL handles other matters, such as its commitment to raising money to fight breast cancer.
Related Articles Five observations on how Raiders are progressing
Raiders QB Derek Carr swears by coach Jon Gruden
Raiders' owner Mark Davis abstained from anthem vote
NFL owners' national anthem policy won't put issue to bed
NFL owners' new policy: Stand for the anthem “Why not have a social injustice month, save money, bring the positive to light instead of making it a negative,” Cook said. “Focus on the good. Focus on fixing the situation instead of making it worse. I just think there could have been steps to prevent it and make it better for both sides.”
The NFL policy, which reportedly didn't have any “no” votes although Raiders owner Mark Davis and 49ers owner Jed York abstained, is being examined by the NFL Players Association.
Since the policy would include fines of teams rather than individual players, there's also the matter of whether all teams would come down on their own players for anthem protests.
SALT LAKE CITY — Utah played a near perfect game through the first 13 minutes against Utah State on Saturday. The Utes were so sharp early that they couldn't keep up the pace and had to work to put away the in-state rival.
Justin Bibbins scored 16 points and had seven assists as Utah led start-to-finish in a 77-67 victory over Utah State on in the first game of the inaugural Beehive Classic.
The tournament is scheduled to pit Utah, Utah State, BYU and Weber State against each other at the Utah Jazz's home arena with the opponents rotating each year.
“It's hard to turn a 20-point lead into a 40-point lead in a game like this,” Utah coach Larry Krystkowiak said. “We got sloppy and started throwing the ball around. I use the term ‘disrespect the game.' It's not really like the guys are knowingly doing that.
“Mature teams, winning teams, realize that the next play is really important regardless of score. … Maybe that's part of a team maturing. We haven't been in that position. Hopefully we can learn.”
The Utes (7-2) stormed out the gate with a 19-2 run highlighted by an active David Collette and a sharp-shooting Tyler Rawson. Collette seemed to have some extra juice at the outset, throwing down an aggressive dribble-drive dunk and pounding their chest after an and-1 layup, against their former team. The 6-foot-10 senior had to sit out a year after transferring from Utah State, where they were third-team all-Mountain West in 2014-15.
Rawson finished with 16 points and Collette added 13 points and seven rebounds.
“We came out with more fire, for sure,” Collette said. “A lot of that could have been me. Just trying to get my guys fired up because I feel like the last few games I've kind of been sitting back and not doing my part as a leader.
“Honestly, it is a little difficult (to keep up that pace). As young guys, as players, we get a little complacent. With a big lead, we feel like we can relax. That's one thing that we have to tighten up.”
Utah cruised to a 45-24 lead before Utah State (5-6) ripped off a 12-0 run late in the half and went into the halftime down 47-36. Quinn Taylor (20 points) and DeAngelo Isby (11) accounted for all but five of the Aggies' first-half points.
Both had career nights as Taylor finished with 22 points and Isby totalled 24.
“Really poor start on our part,” Utah State coach Tim Duryea said. “We were not aggressive at all and kind of standing around waiting to see what would happen a little bit. And they were tremendous.
“The first half, Taylor and Isby saved our bacon. Our starters had nothing going. No rhythm, no flow, foul trouble. Everything you could think of.”
The Aggies got within four points in the second half, but were never able to get over the hump.
Utah shot 59.3 per cent from the field in the first half.
“Kept fighting, kept trying,” Taylor said. “That's what we're going to do all season.”
BIG PICTURE
Utah State: The Aggies didn't wilt against their first Power 5 opponent despite a horrific start. Utah State continued to fight and had a strong defensive effort, with some zone, that threw the Utah offence out of whack. It didn't have the firepower to get the victory, but the experience was valuable as the Aggies had to find other contributors as the starters struggle most of the night.
Utah: Krystkowiak won't be pleased with the way their team quit playing with the same intensity as it had during the 19-2 start. The Utes weren't going to shoot 75 per cent all game, but the offensive action wasn't as crisp and the defence repeatedly gave up wide-open 3-pointers. That will be trouble against better teams in Pac-12 play.
SHUT DOWN
Utah's plan was to take away Utah State's two leading scorers — Koby McEwen and Sam Merrill. The scheme worked as the two finished with six combined points, all from Merrill. They entered averaging a combined 28.1.
“I thought they were awful in every area,” Duryea said of McEwen. “Mentally, physically, on the offensive end, on the defensive end. Worried about things they shouldn't be worried about. Really just an awful performance. In a game like this, we can't have an awful performance from him.”
UP NEXT
Utah State: Hosts Life Pacific on Saturday.
Utah: Travels to face in-state rival BYU on Saturday.
——
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org
Endless brands have lined up to lavish the VIPs with goodies.
The festival saluted the two actors for their work in “Get Out” and “Call Me by Your Name."
Cynthia Nixon, the former “Sex and the City” star who just announced their campaign to be New York's next governor, is hoping to win the votes of the state's 20 million citizens.
But the actor and political activist has already won the hearts of progressive Jewish leaders.
Nixon isn't Jewish herself, but she's almost an honorary member of the tribe. Them two eldest children from their first marriage are Jewish and have both been bar- and bat-mitzvahed. At least one of them attended Hebrew school at B'nai Jeshurun, a liberal synagogue on Manhattan's Upper West Side.She's also an active member of Congregation Beit Simchat Torah, Manhattan's most prominent LGBTQ synagogue, and has spoken there multiple times. In June 2011, they delivered a Friday night sermon at CBST on the same day that same-sex marriage became legal in New York state. Most of the speech was about the political victory, but it wouldn't have sounded out of place coming from the pulpit of a liberal activist rabbi.Nixon used Hebrew phrases, made a Passover Haggadah reference and quoted at length from that week's Torah portion, Korach, which tells a story of a failed populist rebellion against Moses and Aaron in the desert.“Of course, any time there's progress, it always comes with a backlash, and the bigger the step forward, the bigger the backlash, which brings us to this week's parsha,” Nixon said to laughs, using the Hebrew word for Torah portion.“It's hard to imagine a time when they've been closer to the fulfillment of everything God has promised them when boomed, backlash!” they said, going on to read a lengthy passage of the Torah. “I read this to my fiancee, Christine, and they said Korach and their cohort sound just like the Tea Party. I had to agree. It is good to remember backlashes are nothing new. Even Moses and Aaron had to go through them.”Nixon then said something they might disagree with today — they lavishly praised Governor Andrew Cuomo for their leadership in passing the same-sex marriage bill. They will likely oppose Cuomo in the race for governor this year.“We are lucky to have a leader like Governor Cuomo who took on marriage as a do-or-die proposition,” they said to applause. “It is fair to say that we could not have done it without him.”She ended the sermon by saying “Onward and upward, happy Pride, mazal tov, hallelujah, and God bless Governor Cuomo!”Beyond CBST, Nixon has been a repeat guest of progressive Jewish organizations. They hosted the 10-year anniversary gala of T'ruah, the rabbinic human rights organization, in 2013. The next year, they participated in a campaign of the American Jewish World Service to advance legislation protecting international women's rights.She has also waded into Jewish controversy. In 2010, they signed a letter supporting Israeli artists who pledged not to perform in the Israeli West Bank settlement of Ariel. Because of that, law professor and Israel advocate Alan Dershowitz tweeted to voters to “not support them bigotry.”But Nixon has drawn praise from Jewish activists who share their politics. Introducing Nixon's speech in 2011, CBST Rabbi Sharon Kleinbaum said, “We're proud of you as an artist, we're proud of you as an activist, we're proud of you as a partner and as a parent.” And Rabbi Jill Jacobs, the executive director of T'ruah, said Nixon in 2013 sounded genuine in their support of the organization's work.“It was really clear that they are a deeply religious person who is deeply committed to progressive values,” Jacobs told JTA Monday.
The Brooklyn woman who allegedly started a massive blaze that killed two people in Dyker Heights has been indicted on two counts of second-degree murder and two of first-degree arson.
see also Angry tenant sparked fatal fire by torching trash in hallway A Brooklyn woman was so angry that garbage was piling...
Joanna Mei, 22, was ordered held without bail after pleading not guilty Monday to setting a fire in a trash can Nov. 9 in a first-floor staircase of the apartment building where they lived.
They appeared emotionless in Kings County Supreme Court and made no statement.
“The alleged actions of this defendant displayed a complete and callous disregard for human life, and caused two tragic but avoidable deaths,” said Acting Brooklyn District Attorney Eric Gonzalez “We will now seek justice for the victims and their loved ones for the heartbreaking loss that they suffered.”
Mei allegedly told police they lit the fire because they were angry that trash had been piling up in the hallways, sources said. The fire turned into an inferno that killed a couple on the third floor, Xi Huang, 58, and their wife, Feng Xu, 56.
Mei's next court date is Feb. 6, 2018. They face a maximum sentence of 25 years to life in prison.
Wayne Bennett will name their England squad on Monday. In the first of their exclusive World Cup columns, former Wigan and Great Britain centre Martin Gleeson looks at likely candidates for each position...
It's difficult to know whether Zak Hardaker will be picked without knowing the details of why they have been suspended by Castleford for the Grand Final.
Certainly, until this week they have been the best full-back all year and appeared nailed on for the No.1 shirt. In the Test against Samoa in May, Wayne Bennett actually gave Stefan Ratchford a run in that position (Zak was at centre), and the Warrington man will probably be in the squad again because of their versatility.
They can play anywhere in the backs and even at hooker, and given No.9s Josh Hodgson and James Roby can play long minutes, there's the option to put Ratchford on the bench for a short spell – a scenario which would provide cover if any of the backs go down.
With or without Zak, I imagine there'll be another full-back in the party. Jonny Lomax played in the Four Nations last year, but realistically he's not going to play at full-back at St Helens now Ben Barba is there. Alternatively, Wayne could call up my former Wigan team-mate Sam Tomkins.
Sam is a very competitive player and he's come back from injury better than they did last year – he's shown a bit more of their old self.
But I think Sam's in a bit of a win-win situation, because if they aren't picked, it would mean they could have their first full, uninterrupted pre-season in a long time and it would give them a chance to smash it in training and make an even bigger impact next year.
Wayne has used Jermaine McGillvary and Ryan Hall as their wingers for all of their Tests in charge, and I doubt he's going to change that now; both players have a lot of credit in the bank.
But I'm sure he'll take another winger. Greg Eden has a brilliant tryscoring record and though they are untested at international level, Wayne worked with them at Brisbane last year so they will already have an opinion of him.
Alternatively, Joe Burgess could easily come back into the frame after a good season back at Wigan.
At centre, Leeds' Kallum Watkins will be an obvious choice for the right spot – though they have to start delivering at this level at some point.
For the left spot, I know Michael Shenton has been getting a lot of raps at Cas', and they have silky hands, but I think St Helens' Mark Percival would be a better option.  They are such a talented player and they can play left or right centre.
Even though forward John Bateman can cover the centre role, I still think Wayne will take three specialists in that position.
Wigan's Oliver Gildart has been included in the Italy squad, but I honestly thought they were England quality. I really enjoyed working with them when they came to Salford on loan in 2015, he's a player I rate.
In the halves, Gareth Widdop has had a big year with St George Illawarra and looks like an obvious starter alongside Castleford's Luke Gale.
Wayne then has to weigh up who they take as their third halfback – George Williams or Kevin Brown – or both.
George has had the better season with their club but Kev did a good job for England in the Samoa Test and they got the nod against the Aussies a year ago; it will come down to whom the coach trusts to get a job done. I honestly wouldn't be surprised if both Kev and George are in.
Up front, James Graham and Sam Burgess are obvious picks, and I saw a picture of Australian-born Chris Heighington and the Burgess twins in training, so I imagine they will be included.
As for the Super League props, I think they have to take a look at St Helens' Alex Walmsley.
There's no one better as an impact player – they come off the bench and skittles opponents.
I also think Scott Taylor, Hull FC's former Wigan prop, should get a run because they offer something different to the other props – he's jinky, he's awkward, and they would give England's middle a different dimension. Sean O'Loughlin is an obvious pick at loose forward, and I'll be interested to see which second-rowers are included.
Australian-born Chris McQueen was selected ahead of Wigan's Liam Farrell in May, which suggests they may go down the same route again.
Bateman missed that Test against Samoa through injury but, for me, they have to be included. They can cover 13 for Lockers if needed – I like them in the middle – and they remind me of a young Jamie Peacock with the way they play.
They will go up another gear in the big Tests, and England would really benefit from their competitive streak.
Will Warrington's Ben Currie get selected in the squad? I think they will.
He's obviously a quality player but there's a double risk in picking him, given he's untested at that level and has missed most of the season through injury.
Canberra's Elliott Whitehead and Castleford's Mike McMeeken will both be in there too.
But Wayne has thrown some curveballs with their selections in the past – both in last year's Four Nations, and in May – so I'll be intrigued to see who they pick for England's World Cup campaign.
The French interior minister says police have arrested two suspected radicals who were allegedly preparing an “imminent” attack in France as it prepares to vote this weekend in the first round of its presidential election.
Matthias Fekl said at a brief news conference Tuesday that the arrests took place in the southern city of Marseille.
They said those arrested were suspected of preparing an attack in the coming days.
Woman feared thermos full of sperm would explode A Florida woman trying to get pregnant by artificial insemination is lashing out against the local sheriff's department for publicizing their sperm emergency. “I didn't want any of this,” Port...
Doctor accused of secretly using their sperm to impregnate patients A Canadian woman is suing the fertility doctor who artificially inseminated their mother — after learning that they used their own sperm to impregnate them Rebecca Dixon, 26, always knew...
France allows transfer of dead man's sperm so widow can have baby France's top administrative court has ordered that a dead man's frozen sperm be transferred to Spain so that their widow can be inseminated.
Court bars woman from using dead daughter's eggs to create own grandchild LONDON — Britain's High Court has denied an attempt by a woman to use their dead daughter's frozen eggs to create their own grandchild, after deciding it wasn't clear whether...
Hey girl, this sex toy will get you pregnant For lesbian couples trying to conceive, “turkey baster” has long been the sterile watchword (that, or “pony up thousands of dollars to do it at the doctor's office”). But one...
The tax overhaul proposed by House Republicans on Thursday would slash the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent — a move backers said would free up cash for companies to create jobs.
President Trump praised the proposed cuts as “the rocket fuel our economy needs,” saying it would also encourage businesses to move operations and overseas profits back to the United States.
“We are just getting started, and there is much work left to do. The special interests will distort the facts, the lobbyists will try to save their special deals, and some in the media will unfairly report on our efforts,” Trump said.
“But my administration will work tirelessly to make good on our promise . . . and deliver historic tax cuts and reforms, the rocket fuel our economy needs to soar higher than ever before.”
The plan, which still must be approved by the full House and Senate, would:
Lower the top rate for noncorporate “pass-through” businesses from 39.6 percent to 25 percent.
Preserve the research and development tax credit to encourage businesses to develop innovative products and services, creating jobs in the process.
Make it easier and far less costly for American businesses to bring home foreign earnings to invest in creating jobs.
Prevent jobs, company headquarters and research operations from moving overseas by eliminating incentives that reward them for doing so.
Republicans argue that cutting tax rates for businesses improves economic competitiveness and puts the US corporate tax rate in line with that of other countries.
Under the proposal, businesses would not be allowed to deduct some executive compensation above $1 million, which they can do now for performance-based pay, the Wall Street Journal reported.
And while the plan sets a top 25 percent rate for pass-through businesses like family-owned businesses or partnerships, it includes safeguards that would prevent people from turning wage income taxed at up to 39.6 percent into business income taxed at the lower rate.
The new one-time tax on overseas profits would be set at 12 percent for cash and 5 percent for nonliquid holdings, a provision meant to force companies to bring overseas profits back to the US.
While major corporations have backed an overhaul, the National Association of Realtors and the National Association of Home Builders have criticized the bill for its proposed changes to tax provisions dealing with the real estate industry.
And the top lobbyist for small businesses, the National Federation of Independent Business, says the plan “leaves too many small businesses behind.”
Too many small businesses taxed at individual rates up to the top 39.6 percent won't benefit from the new 25 percent top tax rate because of the GOP's safeguards, the group argues.
David French, the National Retail Federation's chief lobbyist, praised the plan, saying it would put more money into the hands of middle-class shoppers and that retailers would benefit from the new 20 percent business rate.
“The Ways and Means Committee got it almost perfect in terms of middle-class and corporate tax reform,” French told Bloomberg News.
“We're going to encourage members to enthusiastically support this bill.”
There would also be a new 1.4 percent tax on public and private endowments, a provision sure to cause controversy because of its effect on colleges and other institutions.
With Post wires
WASHINGTON TOWNSHIP, Ohio (WDTN) — A downed tree left hundreds of people in Montgomery County without power for several hours on Thursday morning.
DP&L crews went to the 6700 block of Yankee St. just after 1 a.m. on Thursday, after a tree fell on power lines.
Nearly 1,800 customers were without power due to the damage to power lines.
Crews removed the tree and repaired the power lines, restoring power to all customers by 3:40 a.m. on Thursday.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
U.S. President Donald Trump says the trade relationship with Canada will only be "tweaked." The trouble is a little tweak in America can be a powerful thump in Canada.
The pleasure-pain imbalance is so severe that sometimes the Americans don't even realize it hurts.
The statistics prove it. Only 18 per cent of America's foreign trade comes to Canada. Fully 76 per cent of Canada's goes to the U.S.
So, it's best not to get too euphoric over Monday's White House meeting between Trump and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Genuinely encouraging as it was, real problems lie behind the friendly language.
Interim Conservative leader Rona Ambrose pointed out the Americans have major grievances with our beef imports and supply management in several areas of agriculture. There's also softwood lumber (that old thing).
Ambrose worries that Trump's aggressive deregulation and low-tax policy could make Canada uncompetitive. In that case, we could lose even if trade rules are untouched.
But they also had a kind word for Trudeau: "I've been on the record about some of the things Donald Trump has said about women."
"But this is a delicate situation here. I don't think it's going to help anyone in this country if the prime minister went to Washington and started a fight with the president."
Trudeau certainly didn't. Their diplomatic performance, I thought, was masterful.
They didn't fawn over Trump, reach for their hand, look for an Obama style back-slap. The PM gave Trump no chance to offer a dismissive gesture. They kept a dignified emotional distance without being disrespectful.
Trudeau did a lot better, on balance, than British Prime Minister Theresa May, who almost started an uprising at home by casually inviting Trump for a visit.
Patrick Gossage, who was Pierre Trudeau's press secretary in the 1970s and 1980s, said, "(Justin) Trudeau's far too smart to have raised anything that would have annoyed Trump."
"He's well brought-up -- unlike their father, who would raise things with (Ronald) Reagan from time to time that Reagan did not like at all," Gossage told the CBC.
Reagan, who served as president from 1981 to 1989, once said after Trudeau urged them to press detente with Eastern Europe: "Damn it, Pierre, what do you want me to do?"
Trudeau needled earlier President Richard Nixon so artfully Nixon called him, in tapes released later, a "son of a bitch" and an "asshole." Trudeau rejoined: "I've been called worse things by better people."
NAFTA did not yet exist then. Now, trade is so vital that Justin Trudeau's key goal must be to protect it.
Both leaders made a great deal of the special relationship. If anything, Trump was more gracious than Trudeau. The president had no complaints about border security, trade irritants, or Canadian attitudes toward their many pronouncements.
They said to Trudeau, "On behalf of our country, it's an honour to be with you." At a joint press conference they called Canada "our great friend, neighbour and ally."
An event with female leaders, including TransAlta CEO Dawn Farrell, coincided with the announcement of a United States-Canada Council for Advancement of Women Entrepreneurs and Business Leaders.
The four-page communique summing up the day is a symphony of mutual support on trade, energy, border security, international alliances (including NATO and NORAD), the fight against ISIS and much more.
Most promising of all was the civil, respectful, bluster-free greeting Trump extended to both Trudeau and Canada.
May these blessings endure.
dbraid@postmedia.com
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption 'IS preach they are the real Muslims - not the Taliban'
Militants are targeting civilians in Kabul hoping chaos will spark an uprising, Afghanistan's interior minister has told the BBC.
In the past two weeks four major attacks - two by the Taliban and two by the Islamic State group - have killed a total of 130 people across the country.
Interior Minister Wais Barmak says the two groups share the same aim - "to provoke people against the government".
But a jailed ex-IS fighter told the BBC that the two had distinct approaches.
"For the Taliban if someone from the government repents they should be forgiven. But IS says they should be killed," said the man, to whom the BBC was given rare access, with members of the Afghan intelligence agencies present during the interview.
"IS preaches that only they are real Muslims, not the Taliban", and "does not believe in mercy", the prisoner, who did not want to be identified, added.
Image caption Afghanistan's interior minister argues that there is no tangible difference between IS and the Taliban
While the Taliban control far more territory across Afghanistan than Islamic State, IS has been more focused on attacking Kabul - carrying out at least 14 major attacks in in the city over 2017, significantly more than the Taliban.
Recent major attacks in Afghanistan
Judges consider Afghan war crimes inquiry
Taliban 'threaten 70% of Afghanistan'
Some analysts believe that the recent spate of attacks by the Taliban in Kabul represent a competition between the two groups for international notoriety.
But Afghan officials often say that there is no tangible difference between the Taliban and IS.
The two are targeting civilians "to provoke people against the government, so the government will fall apart… and there will be chaos," the interior minister told the BBC.
They both "come from the same source," alleging that Pakistan provides safe havens to both groups.
Many Afghans have expressed anger at the government's failure to prevent the attacks.
Image copyright EPA Image caption The deadliest recent attack killed at least 100 people in Kabul and was claimed by the Taliban
The former IS member blamed the worst violence on Pakistani members of the group, many of whom they said came from the Orakzai tribe in north-western Pakistan. They also said there were Chechen and Arab members of IS too.
They were open about having been an active participant in the group's violence in the east of Afghanistan. "I have taken part in executing people. We used to make people sit down on top of bombs and blow them up," they said.
This was one of IS's most notorious methods of executing prisoners. The group released a propaganda video shortly after it became active in Afghanistan in 2015 showing a number of blindfolded men being forced to kneel down on top of explosives, which were then detonated.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The attack sends a huge plume of black smoke into the sky
Many IS fighters in Afghanistan were former Taliban. The prisoner said they were among many in their unit who had been forced to switch allegiance.
They said they had received one month's training by IS in northern Pakistan, but did not mention that the group had any ties to Pakistani officials. They said IS would dismiss the Taliban as "Pakistani agents".
Many of the IS attacks in Kabul have targeted the capital's Shia minority, whom Does militants hold to be heretics.
Journalist Syed Azizullah survived a suicide bombing in December on a cultural centre that killed over 40 people.
"In the past, Shias living in the countryside used to come to Kabul because it was safer," they told the BBC. "Now my relatives in the outskirts tell me to leave Kabul because it's become so dangerous here."
Pandora Media Inc.'s new chief executive, Roger Lynch, the founding CEO of Sling TV — a successful subscription streaming-television company — seems a good fit for the struggling internet radio pioneer, and investors hoping for a new strategy breathed a sigh of relief Monday.
Shares of Pandora P, -0.12% jumped nearly 3% in after-hours trading on the news of Lynch's appointment, which removed some uncertainty from the stock. In contrast, the S&P 500 SPX, +1.00% closed up 1% during regular trading.
Pandora has been without a permanent CEO since founder and CEO Tim Westergren stepped down in June, under pressure to resign after Sirius XM Holdings SIRI, +1.08% — which is controlled by Liberty Media Corp. LSXMA, +0.39% — purchased a stake for $480 million, giving the satellite radio company 19% of Pandora's common shares and three board seats. Pandora also began dismantling some of Westergren's moves, such as its purchase of TicketFly, an online ticketing system, in a sale to Eventbrite for $200 million.
Even though Pandora was a pioneer in internet radio, it continues to struggle against the two top music-streaming services, Spotify and Apple Music. The company finally introduced its own subscription streaming service earlier this year, called Pandora Premium, but based on the company's most recent earnings — which were otherwise better than expected — the service did not get as many new subscribers as hoped, possibly due to its more limited selection of music. Analysts said Pandora Premium added 390,000 paid subscribers in the second quarter, the first full quarter since its launch. Overall, Pandora's active users fell 2% in the quarter to 76 million, below analysts' estimates of 77.4 million.
But investors might need to prepare for some more spending if Pandora is ready to grow again. The company just decided to shutter its Australia and New Zealand operations, but it's entirely possible that under Lynch, it could look at other markets for growth. Lynch's previous company, Dish Network Corp.'s DISH, +0.44% Sling TV, has a Latin American offering with its Sling Latino, which offers standalone and extra Spanish-programming packages tailored to English-dominant, bilingual and Spanish-dominant Hispanics in the U.S. It also offers channels like El Financiero Bloomberg TV, the only Spanish-language business-news channel, which is broadcast in Mexico and Central America.
In addition, Pandora on Monday added another executive with past international experience to its board, Michael Lynton, who is currently the chairperson of Snap Inc. SNAP, +6.51% . Before their five-year stint as CEO of Sony Entertainment, Lynton was CEO of AOL Europe and president of AOL International and Time-Warner International.
Last year, according to the IFPI global music report, paid music-streaming subscriptions grew 60.4%, with developing music markets seeing the biggest growth — China, for example, posted 20.3% growth, India grew 26.2% and Mexico rose 23.6%. Pandora has missed out on all of that growth, since it only offers its service in the U.S.
But if Lynch decides to look outside the U.S. for growth potential for Pandora, more royalties will have to be paid and more deals will need to be made, moves that could be expensive. As BTIG wrote in a report in June, “Global expansion has always been a future opportunity in the mind of the bulls. But in addition to the work needed in licensing deals, it takes cash investment and resources.” At least now the company has some funds with Sirius behind it. And Lynch could be the deal-maker.
To be clear, it's not at all certain what Lynch will do at Pandora, but investors are hoping for moves that will lead to user growth again.
Mayor de Blasio said Jared Kushner's real estate firms may “have a problem on their hands” if they falsified records with the city Buildings Department.
“It's not acceptable to lie when you're filling out a form for the city government. So let's be really clear here. If it proves to be true that they lied to evade regulation, they have a problem on their hands,” de Blasio said Monday.
But the City Council did more than talk — it launched its own investigation of how Kushner's firms were able to file contradictory documents at the Finance Department and Buildings Department — one saying buildings they bought had rent-regulated tenants and another saying they didn't.
“We are launching a joint investigation that will look into the prevalence of falsified building permits including but not limited to Kushner companies,” said Councilman Ritche Torres, head of the investigations committee.
City Hall said the architect for Kushner at the time, Jon Michael Conrad, had their self-certification privileges suspended in July 2016 and referred the matter to “law enforcement.”
Housing Rights Initiative president Aaron Carr cheered the Council's intervention, saying the Buildings Department and the state Division of Housing and Community Renewal were “asleep” on the job.
It was Carr's group that discovered that Kushner Companies had filed false documents with the Buildings Department by cross-checking tax records with the Finance Department.
De Blasio admitted there was some validity to the criticism.
“We have to do a better job of cross-checking our information too, and that's something that we want to do,” the mayor said.
De Blasio said they realized that agencies don't often share information when they first took office four years ago.
“We tried to break down some of that, some of those silos, some of that separation, but we've got a lot more to do. So I think it's a valid concern and I want to see how we can get those two agencies to be coordinating. Because if someone violated the rules, we want to get them. it's as clear as that,” they said.
Jared Kushner, is the son-in-law and top adviser to President Trump.
They no longer runs Kushner Cos. but was in charged during the 2013-2016 period when the paperwork for the buildings acquired were filed and they still have an ownership stake in some of the firm's properties.
Bonnie Tyler is having a total turnaround.
Sales for the songstress' 1983 hit “Total Eclipse of the Heart” skyrocketed ahead of Monday's “Great American Eclipse.”
Last week, the ballad saw a 503 percent increase in digital download sales, with 12,000 downloads recorded compared to just 2,000 in the week ending Aug. 13, according to Billboard.
On Sunday, the day before the historic solar eclipse was set to streak the United States from coast to coast, the song garnered 4,000 downloads.
It also came in at No. 23 in iTunes' top 100 songs Monday.
“Eclipse” reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 and stayed there for four weeks when it debuted.
Tyler belted out their famous song Monday alongside Joe Jonas' band DNCE on Royal Caribbean's “Total Eclipse Cruise.” The epic eight-minute song was trimmed down to 2 minutes and 40 seconds — to mark roughly how long the eclipse's total darkness will last.
Calling all guys with fractured hearts: If you prefer flirtations to flowers, then the city's best-known jiggle joints are offering up “Anti-Valentine's Day” parties.
3B Hospitality-owned clubs FlashDancers, Private Eyes and New York Dolls are all hosting events on Feb. 14, kicking off at 4 p.m. and running until 4 a.m. on Feb. 15.
Wyoming Governor Mat Mead spoke at the Rock Springs Chamber of Commerce Luncheon today.
Governor Mead discussed their proposed budget for the upcoming legislative session. In addition, Governor Mead spoke about the ENDOW Initiative, Outdoor Recreation Taskforce, and Education.
Watch the video to see Governor Mead's remarks.
UNION CITY – The Mississinawa Valley baseball team beat Randolph Southern 8-2 on Monday.
Mississinawa Valley took a 6-0 lead with three runs in the first inning and three in the third. Randolph Southern scored two runs in the top half of the fifth inning then MV responded with one run in the fifth and one in the sixth for the 8-2 final score.
Mississinawa Valley had eight hits and no errors. Randolph Southern had five three and three errors.
Ethan Dirksen went 2-for-3 with two runs and four RBIs for MV. Andrew Johns was 2-for-4 with two runs and a RBI. Zac Longfellow was 2-for-4, stole two bases and scored a run. Cody Dirksen went 1-for-2 with a double, was hit by a pitch and drove in a run. Trent Collins went 1-for-2 with a double, a RBI and two runs. Kyler Guillozet stole a base and scored a run. Colton Hines drove in a run.
Cameron Shimp pitched 4 1/3 innings, allowing two earned runs on five hits, five walks and six strikeouts. Collins pitched 2 2/3 scoreless innings, allowing no hits or walks while striking out three.
Andrew Cuomo's pardon problem Gov. Cuomo hasn't had much to say about the stunning and unconscionable decision to free serial cop-killer and onetime domestic terrorist Herman Bell on parole — other than that he...
The shameful decision to parole Herman Bell It's hard to put into words just how appalling it is that the New York Board of Parole has ordered a onetime domestic terrorist and serial cop-killer turned loose. It's...
SACRAMENTO, Calif. — Supporters of one long-shot bid to make California an independent nation ended their effort on Monday, while another group said it will launch a new campaign for a statewide vote next year.
The drive to make the nation's most populous state its own country, with what would be the world's sixth-largest economy, has drawn extra interest after last year's election of Republican Donald Trump as president.
But the Yes California Independence Campaign faltered after its president, Louis Marinelli, revealed ties to Russia. Marinelli said in a lengthy message to supporters Monday that they are seeking permanent residence in Russia because of their “frustration, disappointment and disillusionment with the United States.”
The secretary of state's office confirmed that Marcus Ruiz Evans, the group's vice president, withdrew the California Nationhood ballot measure.
Evans said they were leaving the Yes California group and joining the California Freedom Coalition, which they described as a grassroots organizing effort that evolved since last year's election.
The coalition plans to file its own ballot measure in coming weeks, without the baggage of Marinelli's Russian ties, said Steve Gonzales, the new group's secretary-treasurer and board member.
“It prevented Yes California from getting any serious money, I can tell you that,” Gonzales said, noting that they are a native Californian who has never been to Russia. The group will accept no foreign money, and contributions from other states must be cleared by the coalition's board, they said.
The coalition would need to collect more than 585,000 signatures to qualify a ballot measure declaring California's independence for the November 2018 ballot. The measure is still being written, Gonzales said.
Congress and 38 states would have had to agree to change the U.S. Constitution to permit California to actually secede.
Marinelli said Yes California had fewer than 97,500 registered supporters. About 8,500 signed up as volunteers, but only about 1,200 had contributed money.
Prior to Trump's election, the group had fewer than 100 volunteers, Marinelli said, and the group received a social media boost with Trump's election.
Marinelli and Evans said California's overwhelming support of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and measures legalizing recreational marijuana and reducing crime penalties showed how far California voters were removed from the rest of the nation.
They also equated the movement to last year's decision by the United Kingdom to leave the European Union, dubbed Brexit. California, with its 39 million residents, is often compared to a nation.
Their withdrawn ballot measure would have allowed voters to repeal a part of the state Constitution saying that California is an inseparable part of the United States next year, but left the question of whether California should become a separate country to a future ballot.
Both Marinelli and Evans claimed credit for starting the Calexit campaign.
Marinelli cited their struggle with U.S. officials since 2012 over their wife's immigration status. They praised California officials for their attempts to shield immigrant residents from deportation and said their wife now has their green card.
When California one day becomes independent, Marinelli wrote, “I shall look forward with great satisfaction to return to California and to live once again under our bear flag.”
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico — Puerto Rico's struggling financial crisis has set off an exodus of medical personnel, leaving physicians with unmanageable patient loads and triggering a cascade of problems for patients and hospitals. The government, some hospitals and non-profits are offering incentives to try to keep or attract doctors to Puerto Rico as the situation worsens.
In the eight years between 2005 and 2013, 1,200 physicians and surgeons left Puerto Rico to live on the U.S. mainland, according to the Puerto Rico Statistics Institute. That amounts to 12 percent of the more than 10,000 medics and surgeons who worked on the island during that time. The exodus is still continuing now, with doctors often leaving better salaries, working conditions and resources.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed The Shortage of Trauma Doctors in Puerto Rico 2:55 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In 2016, physicians and surgeons practicing in Puerto Rico earned a median hourly salary of $41.45 per hour, less than half of the median hourly wage of $99.48 for those working in the U.S., according to the U.S. Bureau Labor of Statistics.
While patients contend with an overburdened medical system that may not get to them in time, the financial crisis also means doctors at times struggle with getting paid for services. Some hospitals, meanwhile, have turned to nonprofits to find doctors.
For Angel Irizarry that's made caring for their father, who has senile schizophrenia, and their mother, who has Alzheimer's, a greater challenge.
A scheduled 10 a.m. appointment can mean waiting all day before seeing a doctor at 4 p.m. Irizarry said doctors sometimes arrive late because they are working in other, more distant locations. They have waited months for their mother to see a specialist.
"The medical system here is really, really bad," said Irizarry, who applied to Veterans Affairs a year ago for at-home help for their father, who served in the Korean War.
Puerto Rico's debt crisis has caused insurance companies to delay doctors' paychecks and to supersede doctors' medical decisions, exchanging expensive treatments for less costly ones. Frustrated with the situation, the doctors board a plane and leave.
A surgical bed at the Puerto Rico Medical Center where surgeons operate on trauma patients. Mariela Patron
A U.S. Department of Health study on Puerto Rico's health system, released this year, reported the median wait time between arrival and admission to a hospital was 13 hours and a patient could wait up to nine months to see certain specialists. Puerto Rican physicians say medical specialists that are most needed are neurologists, cardiologists and surgeons.
Certain specialists, such as trauma surgeons, are located in San Juan at the Puerto Rico Medical Center, which houses a consortium of public hospitals. As a consequence, patients often travel to the capital to seek medical attention. The shortage of specialists has increased demand for the doctors who have remained — and public hospitals have become overwhelmed with patients.
In the continental U.S. in 2015, there was one vascular surgeon for every 95,717 people. Using this ratio, Puerto Rico should have about 36 vascular surgeons for its population 3.47 million. Instead, there are 15 doctors specializing in cardiovascular and thoracic surgery in all of Puerto Rico. Eight of them work in San Juan.
The Puerto Rico Medical Center is the only trauma center on the island and also serves other islands in the Caribbean. In the last 10 years, only three vascular surgeons have returned to the trauma center after training on the mainland. Two of the remaining trauma surgeons are expected to retire in the next couple of years.
RELATED: In Puerto Rico, Program Attracts Young Entrepreneurs, Sees Results
Puerto Rico's debt crisis has strained Puerto Rico's revenue for public programs, including health care. Congress has appointed a financial oversight board that is working out a fiscal plan for Puerto Rico and it includes many austerity measures.
Experts also cite the inequity in how the federal government reimburses physicians and hospitals in Puerto Rico for patients with Medicaid and Medicare. Puerto Rico gets a significantly lower percentage of federal funds than the rest of the 50 states.
40 percent of Puerto Ricans who were born on the island said they moved to the mainland for job-related reasons, according to the Pew Research Center. Mariela Patron
Puerto Rico is creeping close to what has been dubbed the “Medicaid cliff.” Money for the territory's Medicaid program is on track to be depleted by March 2018. Once that happens, it will only receive its capped Medicaid allotment, which is lower, and it will be up to Puerto Rico to pay for any shortfalls.
These issues cascade down as insurance companies struggle to reimburse doctors.
Luis Flores is a gynecology surgeon and the director of robotics at Bella Vista Hospital located in Mayaguez, a municipality in the western part of Puerto Rico. It once took an insurance company more than a year to reimburse them for a procedure.
Dr. Pablo Rodriguez, director of the trauma center at the Puerto Rico Medical Center, makes way to their office with a long day of work ahead. Mariela Patron
Flores, who once worked in Atlanta, Georgia, said they earn 60 percent less in Puerto Rico than in the states.
“I came to Puerto Rico knowing that there was going to be a difference of pay, but what has happened is that the payment does not come fast enough. So the procedure I did today won't be paid until two or three months from now. It is extremely unfair,” Flores said.
RELATED: These 3 Scientists Are Saving Puerto Rico's Most Endangered Species
The doctor exodus is part of a larger migration trend. Puerto Rico's population of 3.47 million makes it about the size of Connecticut. According the Puerto Rico Statistics Institute, 445,000 Puerto Ricans migrated to the United States between 2006 and 2015.
Among the Puerto Ricans who have left the island is Irizarry's sister, Dr. Maritza Irizarry, a pediatrician who completed medical school in Puerto Rico. They now own a practice in Arizona and has no plans to return.
Instead, they and Angel say they plan to move their parents to Arizona.
“I'm bringing them over,” they said. “That's the only solution I think I should take at this point.”
In February, Puerto Rico Gov. Ricardo Roselló signed the Incentives for the Retention and Return of Medical Professionals Act. It lowers the income tax rate of Puerto Rican physicians from 33 percent to 4 percent. To qualify, doctors must complete 180 hours of community service annually.
But the tax break may not be enough to keep doctors on the island, or slow their migration, so other efforts are being made to lure doctors to Puerto Rico.
A helicopter lands on the roof of Puerto Rico Medical Center in San Juan. Mariela Patron
ConPRmetidos, a nonprofit that connects Puerto Ricans abroad with those living in the territory to address social need, has sent out a call for doctors on behalf of the Hospital Damas in southern Puerto Rico. The hospital is experiencing a shortage of physicians at the same time it's preparing for the retirement of many of its doctors.
ConPRmetidos is publicly seeking medical doctors and specialists looking for new opportunities or people who know medical doctors interested in working there.
Isabel Rullán, the managing director of ConPRmetidos, said Hospital Damas reached out to their group after ConPRmetidos made a presentation to the fiscal control board overseeing Puerto Rico's attempt to repay its debt holders and fix its economy.
The hospital has come up with an incentives package that includes helping jump start the practices of doctors seeking to create their own offices, a guaranteed salary, personnel and utilities. It also includes a reminder of the tax deductions from the government.
ConPRmetidos is sending out the information to U.S. universities. Spanish-speaking ability is a preference, though not a requirement, so they also are reaching out to schools in the Caribbean — including the Dominican Republic, Antigua and Saint Kitts.
The nonprofit has assembled its own database of Puerto Ricans abroad and is contacting them as well to help get out the word, Rullán said.
"This is very important to us because we are talking about the health of our people," Rullán said. They said the five- or six-month wait people are enduring for a procedure could mean "a health situation gets worse and it's too late for the patient to have an adequate procedure to save their lives. So, this is urgent."
In the meantime, there are doctors like Fernando Joglar, the only surgeon in Puerto Rico who specializes in repairing trauma to the aorta, who have chosen to stay. When Joglar went for advanced training in Boston, people asked them why they were returning to the island.
They said they came back because they had a mission, which they have been accomplishing.
"I have saved 38 lives in 5 years," said Joglar. "if I leave, what will happen to these patients?"
Follow NBC Latino on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Bruce Springsteen loves President Obama as much as they hate Donald Trump — so they played a set of some of their most famous hits at the White House this month as a “thank you” to the president's staffers.
“Bruce opened with a very brief note of thanks to the President and the staff who were being honored before launching into ‘Working on the Highway,'” reported Backstreets, a magazine and website that chronicles The Boss' career.
Springsteen played “an incredible ‘Growin' Up,' for a lively start, but not much of the set was so upbeat, with haunting readings of songs like ‘My Hometown,' ‘My Father's House,' and ‘Devils & Dust,'” Backstreet said.
“The mood in the room the whole night — both reception and concert — was not exactly somber, but it wasn't festive, either. It was elegiac, I'd say. There was a clear sense of something ending.”
The 15-song setlist ran the gamut of Springsteen's hits over the years, and also included “Thunder Road,” “Born in the USA” and “Dancing in the Dark.”
Following the concert, Obama thanked Springsteen.
“He's been with us for some time now, performing their craft to show their support,” they said.
From POWRi
BELLVILLE, Ill (March 19, 2018) — This Friday and Saturday kicks off the Fifth Annual Turnpike Challenge at I-44 Riverside Speedway in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
With practice on Thursday night, teams will have the opportunity to gear up for what has become one of the largest outdoor events of the year, for both midgets and micros.
With over 60 POWRi Lucas Oil National and West midgets at last year's event, Christopher Bell was the class of the field, sweeping the annual co-sanctioned weekend. Bell's sweep places them at the top of the Turnpike Challenge winner's list, with six event wins to their name. The only other drivers to capture Turnpike Challenge victories include Matt Sherrell and Jason McDougal. Returning to Oklahoma, Bell has a target on their back as drivers look to chip away at their legacy. But, chipping away at Bell's accomplishments will be no easy feat, as I-44 is one of Bell's original stomping grounds from their micro-sprint days.
Set to open 2018 at the Fifth Annual Turnpike Challenge, the POWRi Speedway Motors 600cc Outlaw Micro League looks to see if Frank Galusha and Frank Flud can defend their victories in the second showing for the micros at the Turnpike Challenge. Both Joe B. Miller and Craig Ronk will be on a mission at this year's Turnpike Challenge, wanting to start 2018 on a strong note.
For additional information, visit www.powri.com, “Like” POWRi and POWRi West on Facebook and follow @POWRi_Racing and @POWRi_West on Twitter.
I have lived in Charlottesville, Virginia, for five years. I used to work along the city's Downtown Mall, the shop-lined pedestrian street where Heather Heyer was killed this weekend by a participant in a neo-Nazi rally.
The place I viewed as a microcosm of Charlottesville's contented citizens and progressive politics—packed with townies in hiking gear or polo shirts and families making their way to the children's museum—turned into a landmark for racist violence.
Inspired by the legacy of its beloved founder, Thomas Jefferson, Charlottesville is a town enamored with its values. We pride ourselves on community, innovation, and progress. Yet, throughout the city's history, the economically secure white population has experienced a very different Charlottesville than the rest.
It took me a while to realize the extent of segregation in the city, but the signs were there. Beyond the racial segregation by neighborhood, there's the cultural divide between conservative Southerners and liberal-leaning University of Virginia (UVa) professors and grads. Heightened economic disparity and rising housing costs in this “happiest town in the USA” certainly aren't helping. We are united by our bordering-on-idolatrous love for our city, but sometimes that's all that connects us.
Because of this demographic diversity, Charlottesville lives in the tension of its progressive values and its failure to live up to them. Nothing more effectively demonstrates this tension than the events of last weekend. While the majority of white supremacist protesters were not from here, notable UVa grads Jason Kessler, who initiated and organized the rally, and Richard Spencer, who popularized the term alt-right, were determined to make Charlottesville the center of their movement. They believed they could get a foothold here.
An estimated 600 self-described neo-Nazis traveled to Charlottesville last weekend, some of their faces now made infamous by haunting photos on the news. Our town of 46,000 people, anticipating as many as 2,000 attendees, started planning counter-protests and events as soon as word got out about the “Unite the Right” rally, advertised as the event that would consolidate white supremacist authority and start a national movement.
Among the people I know in Charlottesville, debates broke out over the right way to respond. No one show up. Everyone shows up. Protest the police. Attend counter events far removed from the city center. I tried to prioritize pragmatic, ethical, and popular tactics to decide what I would do. And then, of course, there was the question of what my faith commanded me to do.
Having grown up in a patchwork of evangelical and mainline Christian traditions, I know that “there is neither Jew nor Gentile, neither slave nor free, nor is there male and female, for you are all one in Christ Jesus” (Gal. 3:28). Jesus commands us to care for the “least of these” (Matt. 25:40), and for me, inaction would be a denial of my baptismal vow to “seek and serve Christ in all persons, loving your neighbor as yourself.”
So I ended up going to church.
On Friday night, I walked up the stairs of St. Paul's Memorial Episcopal Church, my home church, across the street from UVa's majestic Rotunda. On a normal Sunday, St. Paul's is not quite full, its pews spotted with students, families, and retirement-age folks—all mostly white. But that night, the nave was standing room only, with overflow crowds moved into the side chapel. My Charlottesville neighbors and a smattering of out-of-towners—black, white, brown, young, old, Muslim, Christian, Unitarian, Jewish—stood side by side.
We came because we were scared, or at least confused. We didn't know where else to go. We came because we shared a call to social justice and we knew we needed each other. Perhaps, white Christians like me came because we thought it best to create safe space with people who didn't look like us if we intended to claim something different than the torch-bearing white folks literally outside our doors.
Cornel West, a scholar and social activist, and Traci Blackmon, a denominational leader in the United Church of Christ, reminded the crowd that fear has no place in the collective life of the faithful and that God created the very light that exposes and negates darkness.
We sang “This Little Light of Mine” in cheerful a cappella as the protesters gathered around the church and in the neighboring yard, making it unsafe for us to leave. (At the time, we didn't know that violence had already broken out between the demonstrators and a group of student counter-protesters with lit torches across the street.)
To say I was scared would be an understatement. But then the Spirit of God showed up, like a messenger commanding, “Do not be afraid.”
The song leader told us to sing loud enough for the neo-Nazis outside to hear. This church—my Episcopal church—normally a place of stiffness and Southern gentility, transformed into a loud celebration. We were stomping and pounding on the backs of pews, clapping our hands together like cymbals. We were singing spirituals and marching songs together with unencumbered joy, all ages and races and faiths together, trapped in a building with no particular urgency to leave each other. In that moment, we were unified, choosing joy in the face of an unknowable terror.
After 45 minutes of waiting, we were cautiously dismissed, told to leave from the side door or the back alley in order to go unnoticed. The moment was gone but the fire within was still lit.
On Saturday, clergy and the faithful from all over the country marched in silence to face an armed neo-Nazi militia, took refuge in a nearby Methodist church, hosed off the pepper sprayed; prayed with the traumatized, offered safe space to all who needed to sit, and bore witness to a chaotic threat we never expected in our small college town.
But as I look back to the packed Friday night service at St. Paul's Memorial, I see glimpse of the kingdom.
I thought that the key to dismantling white supremacy lay primarily in my individual attentiveness and individual action. Like many well-intentioned Christians, I assumed if I read enough think pieces and prayed hard enough I would wake up woke someday.
I forgot that God called me, called us, into a community of the faithful, that instead of “being the change,” I could sometimes simply be present where the change is already occurring.
It would be easy for outsiders to claim that this small occurrence of symbolic solidarity is meaningless in the grand scheme of things given the ongoing, systemic biases in our country. Yet, I am convinced that such acts of solidarity have the power to change our communities for good.
Members of the Charlottesville Clergy Collective will continue to meet each week to discuss and discover how best to lead their local flocks. Those who bore witness last weekend, I hope, will continue to show up and make space for one another. I take with me the promise and the reminder that when we are terrified, God shows up, in faces that look like mine and in faces that neo-Nazis hate.
Leah Wise writes on sustainable fashion, social justice, and personal faith, primarily at stylewise-blog.com. They live with their husband in Charlottesville, Virginia, where they manage an Episcopal thrift shop. They tweet as @stylewiseblog.
After months in beta, Intel has announced official Vulkan support for Skylake and Kaby Lake GPUs. Intel's 15.45.14.4590 driver is the first release to add full Vulkan API support (previous releases were all various flavors of beta). In keeping with Intel's previous remarks on OS support, the latest driver will only support Windows 10 on Kaby Lake, but sixth-generation GPUs are supported in Windows 7, 8.1, and 10. That alone points to the artificiality of the restriction — as far as their graphics pipelines are concerned, Kaby Lake and Skylake use identical GPUs.
Usually, at this point, I'd link to some benchmarks of Intel's GPU performance in DX11 versus DX12, since Vulkan and DirectX 12 are conceptually extremely similar and (so far as I'm aware) essentially match one another across major features and capabilities. Unfortunately, few articles appear to have been written comparing Intel GPUs in DX11 with DX12. Most reviewers have focused on DX11, perhaps in the belief that end users who care enough to know what API they're using probably also care enough to own a discrete graphics card.
Very early tests of DX12 showed gains for Intel in that mode and the company has distributed some tech demos showing significant boosts from the API, but there's not much in the way of benchmarks or performance comparisons with recent cards or drivers.
Still, even without objective performance data to examine, this kind of support does matter. Intel may not have much in the way of enthusiast GPU market share, but it still ships more CPUs with integrated graphics than AMD or Nvidia ship discrete GPUs per year. Baking in support for DirectX 12 and Vulkan means that game developers that might like to target these APIs specifically can evaluate their performance on Intel hardware, rather than solely looking to Teams Red and Green.
Intel hasn't said much about where it intends to take its GPU hardware in the future. Kaby Lake and Skylake use the same GPU core, and there's been talk that Chipzilla might license AMD IP for future graphics cores, though what kind of arrangement this would reflect is open to considerable speculation. But Intel adding Vulkan support is good for the entire GPU ecosystem and could encourage developers to consider that API alongside DirectX 12 in future gaming projects. Intel's current 128MB of EDRAM isn't really sufficient for 1080p gaming at reasonable detail levels, but a 256MB EDRAM cache could easily resolve that — though whether Intel would be able to get the pricing it wanted for the chip is an entirely different question.
Baltimore's weight room will be a busy place this week.
Players will return Tuesday for the start of the voluntary offseason conditioning program, and here are a few questions to consider:
How will the players respond to the new program?
The Ravens made a change in the strength and conditioning program this offseason by giving Director of Performance Steve Saunders the keys. He's altered the look of the weight room by removing several machines, and the entire program will take on a different feel compared to previous years. Saunders was on staff last year and worked closely with several players like safety Eric Weddle and quarterback Joe Flacco , and now he'll run the entire program.
What is Joe Flacco's thoughts about offseason moves?
Baltimore's franchise quarterback hasn't talked with the media since the season ended, but they are scheduled to meet with reporters Wednesday afternoon. The Ravens have lost some key pieces on offense, including starters at receiver, fullback, right tackle and center, and it will be interesting to hear what Flacco says about the current state of the offense.
What tone will the players set after coming so close to the playoffs?
The offseason workouts are the first step to setting the tone for the upcoming season. Even though the actual games are still five months away, the work over the next several weeks help build the foundation for training camp and the regular season. Players certainly didn't forget how close they came to making the playoffs last year, and their focus will be finding a way to take the next step this season.
How will the new players acclimate to the locker room?
The Ravens have undergone a significant roster overhaul during the last couple of months. Key players like receiver Steve Smith Sr. , outside linebacker Elvis Dumveril, right tackle Rick Wagner and center Jeremy Zuttah are all gone, and the Ravens have brought in some new pieces to help them get back into the playoffs. Safety Tony Jefferson , cornerback Brandon Carr and Danny Woodhead are all expected to play significant roles for the Ravens, and the next few weeks will be vital.
Which young players will return in impressive shape?
Image caption The British Army bid farewell to the Lynx helicopter with a commemorative flight
Work has started on converting an old Westland Lynx helicopter into holiday accommodation.
The aircraft is on the site of the former RAF Wainfleet bombing range in Lincolnshire, which was used throughout World War Two.
A control tower on the site - built in 1975 - has already been converted into holiday lets.
Owner Will Roughton, who is a local farmer, said they hoped the unusual accommodation would appeal to children.
Read more on this and other stories from Lincolnshire
Earlier this year, the British Army bid farewell to its remaining Lynx helicopters with a commemorative flight.
They were decommissioned after almost 40 years in service.
Image caption Owner Will Roughton said they wanted to convert the helicopter into accommodation for children
Mr Roughton said they found an old helicopter for sale in Ipswich and thought it was a good idea to attempt to convert it into accommodation.
"It's mainly for the kids but I'm sure there will be some big adults like me who want to use it," they said.
Mr Roughton is currently stripping the helicopter and said once complete "we can then see what we can do with it".
They plan to leave the cockpit controls intact for visitors to play with and is hoping to have enough room for a bed and sofa, TV and mini fridge.
Image caption Mr Roughton said it was also likely to attract some attention from the parents
You may also like:
Image caption The site already has holiday accommodation in an old control tower, which was built in 1975
The RAF Wainfleet bombing range, which closed in 2009, opened to aircraft in 1938 and was used throughout World War Two.
Before then, it had been used by Army artillery regiments as far back as 1890.
It was used by 617 Squadrons, known as the Dambusters, to test 11.5lb practice bombs at a height of 60ft to get the feel of targeting at such a low altitude.
They aimed between two scaffolding poles in the mud, as training leading up to the dams raid.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
An Australian report into child sex abuse on Monday recommended new laws to compel clergy to report sex abuse allegations they hear in religious confession.
Current laws in most Australian states uphold the confidentiality of the religious confession.
A government-sanctioned inquiry into child sex abuse said it heard that some perpetrators who confessed to sexually abusing children went on to reoffend and seek forgiveness again.
"Clergy should not be able to refuse to report because the information was received during confession," the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse said in a statement attached to the report on Monday.
"Persons in institutions should report if they know, suspect or should have suspected a child is being or has been sexually abused."
The Australian government did not immediately respond to the report.
The Royal Commission had previously heard that 7 percent of Catholic priests working in Australia between 1950 and 2010 were accused of child sex crimes and that close to 1,100 people filed child sexual assault claims against the Anglican Church over a 35-year period.
A royal commission is Australia's most powerful kind of government-appointed inquiry and can compel witnesses to give evidence and recommend prosecutions, but it does not make laws.
"Priests are able to say that they didn't have to divulge anything in confessional because of this privilege — this would change that," barrister Miiko Kumar, a legal academic at the University of Sydney, said of the commission's recommendation.
"It would make it absolutely clear that this should be an offence and a priest can't claim the privilege."
A similar rule, overriding the confessional privilege in Church law that prevents clerics from sharing information, was introduced in Ireland in 2012.
A spokesperson for Australia's Catholic Church did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Michael Quinlan, a legal expert at Catholic University Notre Dame in Sydney, previously told the inquiry that confession is a sacrament "at the heart of the Catholic religious faith" and to change its legal status would undermine religious freedoms.
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
Owners reveal plans for beer garden
New company to invest $400 million, create 200 jobs
1:30
St. John's center regains eligibility by tracking down SATs St. John's first-year student center Adonis De La Rosa is eligible after all – for the time being. The former Christ the King star from The Bronx, who was declared by...
St. John's welcomes two 'big' recruits to fold St. John's fans can take a deep breath: The team's frontcourt depth became official Monday. St. John's announced it has signed Westchester Community College forward Keith Thomas and Christ the...
St. John's lands Christ the King's Delarosa for next season St. John's and Steve Lavin are on the board in 2014. The Red Storm received a dose of much-needed good news when Christ the King senior center Adonis Delarosa picked...
They think they know what awaits them, but they have no idea. The Mets slowly have become the toast of the town. When one of them shows up at a...
AL East fire sales could start with star infielders LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Watch third base. The rest of the AL East is obviously going to talk about seeing the Yankees flex with the addition of Giancarlo Stanton and...
Trea Turner was a fantasy baseball bust long before injury One of the more controversial fantasy baseball draft picks in 2017 was the first-round selection of Nationals shortstop Trea Turner. Though they had a phenomenal debut in 2016 and posted...
The surprising turnaround that can offer fantasy baseball boost A wise philosopher once said, “The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place, and I don't care how tough you are, it will beat...
Why these ancient outfielders are sneaky fantasy baseball fliers Everyone loves rookies. Everyone loves shiny new toys. And ever since that fateful, spring day in 2001, when Cardinals manager Tony La Russa opted to stick with a complete unknown named...
Don't rush for speed in fantasy drafts The lack of stolen bases has been a hot-button topic throughout the spring. Fantasy owners, as they often tend to do, are overreacting to the apparent drought. Jose Altuve is...
These prospects soon could be lighting up your fantasy team No matter how good a player is, sometimes it is impossible to live up to the hype. Joey Gallo has been among the most-hyped prospects several years but has struggled...
How I filled out my NL Rookie of the Year ballot PHOENIX — As a member of the Baseball Writers Association of America, I received the privilege this year of voting for the National League Rookie of the Year award, which proved...
Why deGrom's Rookie of the Year campaign needs an asterisk Jacob deGrom probably is going to win the NL Rookie of the Year award. They have earned it with a terrific out-of-nowhere story in which they turned from shortstop to...
10 most interesting men in baseball world for second half Robinson Cano took the money and ran, and the theory at the time was they were running to oblivion and anonymity. Certainly not to October, positively not to greater acclaim....
CUMMINS UNIT, Ark. — The Unites States Supreme Court early Tuesday rejected the state of Arkansas' request to execute the first prisoner in a tight schedule of eight death sentences before the end of the month.
The high court, in a brief ruling with no explanation, said it would not lift the Arkansas Supreme Court's order Monday to stop the executions of two inmates who were to be put to death Monday night.
The ruling was just the latest in a series of legal hurdles that the state has faced since it announced in February its plans to execute eight men in a 10-day span in late April. But prosecutors surmounted a major roadblock earlier Monday when the 8th Circuit Court of Appeals overturned a district court judge's ruling to stay all of the executions.
Inmates Bruce Ward and Don Davis, the first two men scheduled to die, had requested a delay last Wednesday, citing the need to wait for the conclusion of a U.S. Supreme Court case, McWilliams v. Dunn. Oral arguments for that case aren't expected until April 24 and will discuss what rights inmates are allowed for an independent expert to assess their health.
Both inmates' lawyers claim that their clients are too mentally impaired to face capital punishment and were not offered a proper mental health screening, and the state's highest court granted their stay late Monday afternoon.
Related: Arkansas Judge Barred from Ruling on Executions After Showing Up at Protest
“The Arkansas Supreme Court recognized that executing either man, before the [U.S. Supreme] Court answers this question for Mr. McWilliams, would be profoundly arbitrary and unjust,” said Arkansas Assistant Federal Defense Attorney Scott Braden, who is representing Ward.
The Arkansas Department of Corrections had, nevertheless, prepared for Davis' execution Monday night while lawyers for the state asked the U.S. Supreme Court to allow the death sentences to be carried out. But the Supreme Court early Tuesday declined to intervene, leaving the state supreme court's stay in effect and sparing Davis' life for the time being.
The court issued its ruling at the very last minute — media witnesses were already seated to document Davis' execution.
Related: Arkansas Executions: First Two Men Scheduled to Die Push for Delay
Davis, who was already moved to the Cummins Unit — where the lethal injection gurney is located — had even been supplied their last meal in anticipation of the execution.
“Earlier this evening Don Davis did receive their last meal which consisted of fried chicken, rolls, great northern beans and mashed potatoes, fruit punch and strawberry cake for dessert,” Graves said.
Davis' leftover cake was made available to reporters.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson said they were “disappointed” by the ruling. “While this has been an exhausting day for all involved, tomorrow we will continue to fight back on last minute appeals and efforts to block justice for the victims' families,” Hutchinson said.
There are five more executions scheduled before the end of April. None of them suffer from any legal roadblocks — due to the 8th Circuit dropping stays on all of the inmates and the Arkansas Supreme Court dropping a temporary restraining order on one of the execution drugs.
How is this not a thing yet?
Starbucks announced that it will be bringing ice cream to over 100 stores in Chicago, Boston, Los Angeles, Maryland and Washington, D.C starting February 15.
And we're not just talking a scoop of vanilla that you'd get at Dunkin' Donuts.
The chain is going the extra mile and serving up ice cream based affogatos, cold-brew malts and cold-brew floats.
For those who aren't familiar with the Italian dessert, an affogato is hot espresso poured over vanilla ice cream, which melts the ice-cream, marrying the creamy and coffee flavors into one delicious treat.
The ice cream will come from a small-batch, artisan ice-cream maker, Mora Iced Creamery.
TODAY reports that the treat will cost you somewhere between $5.25 and $6.
Here's a bit more detail on each delicious coffee/ice cream mashup.
• Classic Affogato (5.5 ounces, $6): Two shots of our Reserve small-lot espresso poured over vanilla ice cream
• House Affogato (6 ounces, $6.50): Two shots of our Reserve small-lot espresso with a touch of demerara syrup poured over vanilla ice cream and dusted with cinnamon
• Cold Brew Float (12 or 16 ounces, $7.50 or $8): Our Reserve small-lot cold brew with a generous scoop of vanilla ice cream. With nitro, $8.50 or $9
• Cold Brew Malt (12 ounces, $8.50): An ultra-thick spindle-blended malted milkshake with our Reserve small-lot cold brew, vanilla ice cream and chocolate bitters
The Giants' 19-10 victory over Washington was filled with the unexpected, a nice preview of what we can anticipate as New York heads to the playoffs and Washington heads home. Just consider the following unexpected developments and what it says about the Giants, Washington and what remains of the season (for at least one of these teams).
The Giants' 19-10 victory over Washington was filled with the unexpected, a nice preview of what we can anticipate as New York heads to the playoffs and Washington heads home. Just consider the following unexpected developments and what it says about the Giants, Washington and what remains of the season (for at least one of these teams).
· Eli Manning played the entire game, even though the Giants had nothing to gain by winning the contest. Not saying Josh Johnson should have gotten some run, but it still seemed likely he'd see some snaps, not least because the Giants put Odell Beckham on ice early in the third quarter after Washington cornerback Josh Norman (or JNo, as they like to call himself) drew two personal foul penalties after proving he's incapable of playing Beckham straight up. Beckham is more valuable than Manning, the guy who has large, thundering mammals running at them on every play? Why pull Beckham and not pull Manning or many of the players on defense? You can applaud head coach Ben McAdoo for remaining aggressive in their game-planning -- * golf clap * -- but it's the inconsistency of applied philosophy that is head-scratching.
· Rookie Paul Perkins rushed for more than 100 yards (21 carries, 102 yards) in their first start of the season. Not unexpected? That Rashad Jennings still got nearly as many carries (18) and about half as many yards (52 yards).
· With everything to play for, Washington's No. 3 offense came out flat. They totaled fewer than 300 yards (282) for just the second time this season, had the fewest rushing yards on the year (38) and the lowest point total (10). And this was a home game, no less. Washington earlier this year had handed the Giants their only home loss of the year. Now they couldn't win at home with a playoff bid on the line against a bitter rival that was basically just trying to get reps as a warmup for the playoffs.
· The Giants failed to score 20 points for the fifth game in a row against a middling defense. The Giants are 3-2 in those games. If they can beat Green Bay on the road next week and do it without scoring 20 points, I'll buy Little Ben McAdoo a gift certificate to Arby's.
· Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie earned a $500,000 bonus for the first of their two interceptions against Kirk Cousins. A $500,000 bonus. For one play. I'm trying to process how damn excited I'd be if a bonus incentive kicked in like that in a single moment. Pretty sure I've keeled over with joy. Congrats, DRC.
Lilies
Sought after in lavish Greek and Roman culture, lilies have been used to adorn ceremonies throughout the centuries. The elegant flower represents purity, refined beauty, royalty, and passion.
Choose from shades of: White, yellow, pink, red, and orange.
Best blooms during: Spring/Summer
Gardenias
Conveying a secret message of love and devotion, gardenias have been used for thousands of years to express the most inward feelings. The gardenia embodies protection, purity, hope, and trust.
Choose from shades of: White.
Best blooms during: Spring/Summer
Roses
As a representation of everlasting love, roses have been used for centuries to symbolize romantic love. From Shakespeare to the modern age, the rose has never lost its unprecedented message.
This timeless classic epitomizes honor, beauty, devotion, and love.
Choose from shades of: Red, pink, yellow, orange, and white.
Best blooms during: Spring and Fall
Peonies
This iconic flower has several important meanings in cultures around the world. The color is the most essential part for what occasion in which the flower is represented. Pink is the most romantic form of this flower while deep red symbolizes honor and respect.
Choose from shades of: Pink and deep red.
Best blooms during: Spring
Tulips
Like the peony, the color selection is essential to any wedding. Red and pink represent love while yellow represents unrequited love. Tulips represent passion, prosperity, royalty, and love.
Choose from shades of: Red, pink, purple, and white.
Best blooms during: Late Spring
Orchids
Being held in high regards for centuries, the orchid has over 100,000 variations throughout the world. The largest family of blooming flowers, this flower has many symbols. Orchids symbolize beauty, respect, elegance, and grace.
Choose from shades of: Red, pink, purple, blue, and white.
Best blooms during: Year-Round, depending on what type of orchid.
Iris
This majestic flower earned its name from Iris, the ancient Greek Goddess, who used a rainbow as a bridge between heaven and earth. The Iris signifies royalty, hope, passion, and innocence.
Choose from shades of: Purple, blue, yellow, and white.
Best blooms during: Spring
Carnations
Referred to as the flowers of the gods, carnations are filled with rich history and symbolism. Color is important when choosing carnations. Red, white, and pink signify love while other colors have a negative undertone.
Choose from shades of: Red, pink, and white.
Best blooms during: Year-Round, if they are out of harsh weather.
Hydrangeas
With a variety of meanings, hydrangeas are a flower that represent love, grace, purity, and a deeper understanding of someone else. As there are many meanings associated with this flower, it is important to pair them with additional flowers.
Choose from shades of: White, pink, and purple.
Best blooms during: Spring and Fall
Chrysanthemums (Mum)
As a popular addition to bouquets and wedding florals, the chrysanthemum has its own special meaning to various cultures. The golden flower signifies abundance, truth, and wealth.
Choose from shades of: Red and white.
Best blooms during: Summer and Fall
Montreal was the hot Canadian real estate market for Chinese nationals last year as interest slipped in Toronto and Vancouver following the introduction of foreign buyers taxes, says a report from a website for buyers of overseas properties.
Juwai.com said Chinese buyers inquired about US$1.45 billion worth of Canadian properties in 2017.
Interest in Montreal grew by 84.5 per cent in 2017 and 43.3 per cent a year earlier.
Consideration of properties in Canada's largest city dropped by 25 per cent in 2017 after nearly doubling between 2015 and 2016.
Vancouver inquiries fell 18 per cent last year after growing by 9.3 per cent the previous year.
Metro Vancouver has had a 15 per cent tax on foreign home purchasers since 2016. The new provincial government hiked the levy to 20 per cent and imposed it in the Victoria and Nanaimo areas, as well as the Fraser Valley and central Okanagan.
A 15 per cent tax was imposed in the Greater Golden Horseshoe area — stretching from the Niagara Region to Peterborough — on buyers who are not citizens, permanent residents or Canadian corporations. In the first month after the tax was imposed in late April, foreign buyers made up 4.7 per cent of home sales in the region, according to Statistics Canada.
A separate report says no additional foreign buyers taxes are expected to be imposed in Canada and Australia this year, and New Zealand is the only major investment destination considering one this year.
Chinese were unfairly blamed for property price increases, the report's authors said, pointing to data that suggested other factors were at play, including historically low interest rates and population growth, said Juwai.
“After retreating from an exuberant peak in 2016 of US$101.1 billion, Chinese international real estate investment again appears to be on a growth path, although more steady and restrained that what we saw in that golden year,” stated Juwai's Foreign Buyer Restrictions Report 2018-19.
Realtor Mike Donia of Re/Max Realty, who specializes in Asian buyers, says they have not seen any waning interest in Toronto real estate.
“I'm still getting the same amount of calls, the same amount of leads. In fact, even more,” they said in an interview, adding that interest is growing because of anti-Trump sentiment.
The foreign buyers tax had an initial impact on “mom and pop” buyers, but most Chinese will just purchase through a corporation to bypass the penalty, Donia added.
More than half of Chinese buyers considering Canada were motivated to invest for their own use, nearly 26 per cent for investment and 17 per cent for education, said Juwai.
Chinese parents often buy properties for their children studying overseas. Canada is a top education destination for Chinese students, hitting a record 138,467 in 2017 or 28 per cent of the international student population, said the report.
More than 40 per cent of wealthy Chinese buy property abroad to live in. Six in 10 intend to buy overseas properties over the next three years.
Canada is the second most popular emigration destination for high net-worth Chinese, with 64 per cent having already migrated or planning to move overseas.
Nearly ninety per cent of Chinese interest came from 153 cities in China, led by Beijing and Shanghai. Almost seven per cent lived in Canada.
Ontario attracted the most interest with inquiries for US$500 million worth of properties. The top four cities were Toronto, Ottawa, Waterloo and London.
It was followed by British Columbia at US$328 million with Vancouver leading, followed by Victoria, Richmond and Kelowna.
Quebec attracted views of US$112 million of properties. The largest interest was in Montreal and then Lachenaie northeast of Montreal, Laval and Westmount.
Inquiries in Alberta increased almost nine per cent last year, worth US$56 million, after increasing by 223 per cent in 2016.
The most viewed property listing was a Vancouver mansion listed at C$18.8 million, with other property listings ranging in price as low as C$500,000.
SAN DIEGO — A sailor was arrested in Illinois on Tuesday on charges they stole 20 hand grenades from a San Diego-based Navy destroyer, authorities said.
Gunner's Mate 2nd Class Aaron Booker, 31, of Waukegan, Illinois, was taken into custody in Great Lakes by U.S. Navy criminal investigators and was expected to be returned to California. It was unclear whether they had an attorney.
Booker stole the concussion grenades — each of which contained about a half-pound of TNT — while they were assigned to the Weapons Department aboard the USS Pinckney, prosecutors said. Booker's job was to check the temperature of the secured locker where the grenades were kept.
The grenades were discovered missing from their storage crates in February 2017. They left the ship about a week later to drive to their new duty station in Great Lakes.
About two months later, a black military backpack containing 18 grenades was found leaning on a guardrail on the side of Interstate 15 in northwest Arizona, officials said. The words “GM2 BOOKER” were written on a tag inside the backpack, prosecutors said.
Booker told investigators that they had driven that road but said the backpack had been stolen from them and denied taking the grenades, according to a criminal complaint. Authorities continue to search for the two missing grenades, which Booker indicated to investigators might have wound up in Mexico, the complaint said.
It was unclear why the grenades were stolen or what the thief intended to do with them.
“A backpack full of grenades on the side of the road is obviously extremely dangerous and could have had resulted in injuries or death,” U.S. Attorney Adam L. Braverman said in a statement. “The theft of explosives is a very serious offense, particularly if it is carried out by an insider with access to military weapons and secrets.”
If convicted of possessing stolen explosives, Booker could face up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
A dramatic video shows the moments of chaos after a gunman began shooting at a congressional baseball practice on Wednesday.
At least 71 shots can be heard in the few minutes of footage taken by witness Noah Nathan just outside of the baseball diamond at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park. The gunfire is a mix of handguns and long rifle fire.
Viewers watch as Nathan continues to film as they duck behind a trash can and tries to ascertain where the shooting is coming from.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Watch Moment Gunfire Erupted at GOP Baseball Practice 5:53 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Do we know where he's at?” Nathan can be heard asking. “I assume people have been calling 911 already.”
Law enforcement officers can be heard shouting in the video.
“Stay down, stay down,” they yell.
Later in the video a man can be seen lying in the middle of the baseball field. They aren't moving.
"Is that guy okay out there?" Nathan asks, looking through two wire fences. “Is that guy shot? Are they okay? Is anybody talking to him?"
Once the gunfire ends, a group of people gather around the man in the field. They appear to be checking on him.
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise and three others, not including the gunman, were hit by bullets. Scalise, who played second base for the team, remains in critical condition after getting out of surgery on Wednesday afternoon. The other victims suffered non-life-threatening injuries.
The gunman, identified by authorities as James Hodgkinson, 66, of Bellesville, Illinois, was eventually shot by law enforcement officers and was taken to a hospital where they later died.
Harvey Weinstein was indicted on sex-crime charges Wednesday, hours after the disgraced movie mogul said they wouldn't testify before a grand jury.
The grand jury voted to indict Weinstein on charges of first- and third-degree rape, and first-degree criminal sexual act, the Manhattan District Attorney's Office said.
The charges are the same that were filed by police last week when Weinstein, 66, surrendered to face arrest in a pair of alleged sex attacks in Manhattan in 2004 and 2014.
Earlier Wednesday, a statement from Weinstein's representatives said they decided not to appear before the grand jury “on the advice of their attorneys,” including veteran defense lawyer Benjamin Brafman.
More than 80 women have publicly accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to rape.
They have denied engaging in any “non-consensual sexual conduct.”
This report originally appeared on NYPost.com.
Paddington bear has ventured to school, court, the hospital and the stock exchange. But it took the fuzzy Londoner 60 years to reach their most memorable destination ever — prison....
Video
Caroline Lucas has said that they will stand down as co-leader of the Green Party.
Here are some things you might not know about them
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
A police officer investigates outside a home in Toronto, Canada, where Bruce McArthur did landscape work. The burly 66-year-old landscaper, suspected of being a serial killer, went on a date with 52-year-old Peter Sgromo last April. Chris Young AP
Chad Green is the rare Yankee to come from the minors in the past three years to help the bullpen; their emergence a key in helping to form a dynamic pen.
However, the Yankees have cycled through a lot of arms to try to fill the 11th and 12th spots on their staff without much success. This season, relievers such as Jonathan Holder, Ben Heller, Gio Gallegos and Bryan Mitchell failed to fully earn Joe Girardi's trust and, thus, hold a regular job.
In 2016 the group that failed included Blake Parker, James Pazos, Anthony Swarzak, Kirby Yates, Nick Goody and Tyler Olson. You know what all of those guys also have in common? They had good years elsewhere in 2017, Goody and Olson for the Indians team the Yankees are facing in the Division Series.
Brian Cashman said they had no theory on why this occurred. Perhaps it is that in New York there is a short leash and greater pressure, so a lack of quick, consistent success is met with demotion.
So when it came to Goody and Olson, did the Indians see something the Yankees didn't?
“We didn't say there was a 100-percent certainty they could contribute,” Indians GM Mike Chernoff said. “But they had items we liked.”
Cleveland obtained Goody from the Yankees last December for Yoiber Maquina. They had a 2.80 ERA in 56 games for the Indians, averaging just 6.4 hits plus 11.9 strikeouts per nine innings.
“Nick had good strikeout rates and a good breaking ball and we felt if we could increase their (breaking ball) usage, we could have something, especially against righties,” Chernoff said.
Goody actually threw their slider the same 47.5 percent of the time this year as last year and was very good against righties, but terrific (.590 OPS) vs. lefties.
The Indian pen is so deep they were not put on the Division Series roster. Olson, after not yielding a run in 30 appearances (20 innings), is on the roster. The southpaw held lefties to a .460 OPS.
Olson has been through six organizations. They were in the Yankee organization twice, getting traded with Ronald Torreyes from the Dodgers in January 2016 and being picked up on waivers in June of last year only to be lost a month later on waivers to the Indians.
“We put Olson through waivers last year and anybody could have had them and they cleared, so we're not geniuses,” Chernoff said. “Lots of teams could have had them because they have a funky delivery and had the ingredients to get lefties out.”
A 23-year-old man died and their 29-year-old brother was injured in a stabbing over a parking space in Brooklyn late Sunday, authorities say.
Police say the brothers, who have not been identified, got into a fight with two other men around 11:30 p.m. on East 73rd Street in Bergen Beach. The 23-year-old was stabbed in the chest; they died. The older brother was stabbed in the left arm and was last listed in stable condition at a hospital.
The suspects fled the scene in a gray or silver Volkswagen Passat.
A heavy law enforcement presence was at the scene through the night as authorities canvassed the area for evidence.
Anyone with information is asked to call authorities.
RIYADH, Saudi Arabia — Saudi Arabia announced Thursday it has detained 201 people as part of a sweeping probe, estimating that at least $100 billion has been misused through embezzlement and corruption in past decades.
The kingdom's Attorney General Saud al-Mojeb said in a statement that 208 people had been called in for questioning since Saturday evening, and that seven people were released without charge, leaving 201 people still in detention.
The figure released by the government is far larger than previously reported, as it appears more arrests were made throughout the week.
Overnight Saturday, when the surprise arrests began, 11 princes and 38 officials and business people had been detained. They are being held at five-star hotels across the country, including the Ritz-Carlton in Riyadh.
Critics and observers say the purge that has targeted top princes, officials, military officers and business people is a power grab by the crown prince to sideline potential rivals and critics.
Among those detained are billionaire Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal and two of the late King Abdullah's sons, including Prince Miteb, who until Saturday had headed the powerful National Guard before they were ousted and detained. Prince Miteb was once a contender for the throne and was believed to be opposed to the king's 32-year-old son, Mohammed bin Salman, becoming successor as crown prince.
The crown prince is leading the probe as the head of a newly formed anti-corruption committee.
“The potential scale of corrupt practices which have been uncovered is very large,” the attorney general said, adding that based on investigations over the past three years, at least $100 billion has been misused through corruption.
see also More arrests in Saudi Arabia corruption crackdown RIYADH — Saudi Arabian authorities have made further arrests in...
The government has declined to name the individuals being questioned, saying it is respecting their privacy during this phase of the process.
An estimated 1,700 bank accounts belonging to individuals have been frozen. Al-Mojeb confirmed that action was taken to suspend personal bank accounts, but did not disclose any figures. The government has stressed that only personal accounts have been frozen, leaving companies and businesses untouched so far.
For years, Saudis have complained of rampant corruption and misuse of public funds by top officials in a system where nepotism is also widespread.
Royal family members have long received undisclosed monthly stipends from state coffers built up during years of higher oil prices. The government, however, has been forced to introduce austerity measures since oil prices fell three years ago, reducing subsidies and driving up costs for average Saudi nationals.
Still, Saudi observer Thomas Lippmann says they believe the anti-corruption probe is “a power grab” because it targets only select members of the royal family and business community. They say it is also difficult to draw the line between what constitutes corruption in Saudi Arabia and how business deals, contracts and access have been won over the years.
“I don't believe for a minute this is really about getting rid of corruption,” said Lippman, author of “Saudi Arabia on the Edge: The Uncertain Future of an American Ally.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police want to speak to this man in connection with a serious sexual assault at an address in south London.
The Met said that on August 27 at about 7pm, a woman in their 40s was at a residential address near Clapham.
They were approached by a man while they were in the garden and asked if they could use the toilet very quickly.
They agreed, but when the suspect entered the property, police said, they sexually assaulted the woman and stole a number of items and left.
Police have now released this image of the man as they appeal for information about the attack, which is said to have happened in Nightingale Lane, near Clapham.
The suspect is described as a white man, aged about 25 to 35 years old, with very short hair and a tattoo on their neck which reads “Logan”.
(Image: Met Police)
The suspect is believed to have made off towards Clapham.
Anyone with information is asked to call police on 101 or Tweet @MetCC.
Information can also be reported anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 11 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org
MANCHESTER, N.H. — Police in New Hampshire found an array of drugs in an apartment during an investigation into the death of a 20-month-old child.
Police say two people have been charged with drug possession after Wednesday's discovery.
Authorities in Manchester say the toddler died on May 25, and they executed a search warrant that day as part of the death investigation.
Thirty-one-year-old Joshua Garvey and 33-year-old Christen Gelinas were each charged with possession of controlled drugs with intent to distribute. Police say they found heroin, cocaine, crack and suboxone that had an estimated street value of over $5,400. Garvey also faces bail violation charges.
Gelinas and Garvey faced arraignment Wednesday. It wasn't immediately known if they had lawyers.
There were no details on their relationship to the toddler or the child's identity.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Where a summons is issued to someone outside the UK it must have 'proof of service'
Convictions from summonses posted to people in the Republic of Ireland could be unlawful.
That's according to Mr Justice John Meehan who made their remarks following two recent cases where residents of the Republic of Ireland attended their court.
They said their summonses did not have legal standing as they did not have "proof of service".
This is a certificate from, or on behalf of, the relevant Secretary of State.
Judge John Meehan criticised the Public Prosecution Service (PPS) for ignoring a ruling from 2012 known as the Gallagher judgement.
'Exercised their right to leave the court'
They said: "It is my duty to ensure the law is applied.
"Both PSNI and PPS have been repeatedly told the posting of summonses in these circumstances does not comply with the agreed treaty," they added.
The Public Prosecution Service (PPS) said serving summonses to people outside of the UK is "a complex matter".
A spokesperson said: "We agree it is important that there is consistency in the disposal of these cases at court and are currently considering all avenues open to us to ensure this."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Judge John Meehan believes the PPS is ignoring legislation on conviction summonses
The 2012 Gallagher judgement draws attention to Article 157 of the Magistrates Courts (NI) Order.
It states that "any summons, notice or other process lawfully issued in connection with any proceedings before a magistrates court, may be served in any part of Northern Ireland, upon the person to whom it is addressed."
In the Gallagher case Judge Meehan ruled that the summons conviction posted to a resident in the Republic of Ireland had no legal effect as it was not accompanied by a certificate from the Secretary of State.
The issue has come to light following the release of a new summary judgement by Judge Meehan on 25 May.
Dealing with 32-year-old Donegal man David Spence from Castle View, Raphoe, Judge Meehan advised that the PPS had "misrepresented" the position by posting the summons, and also by claiming their licence could be suspended when there was no power to make this assertion.
Mr Spence had been accused of driving without due care and attention in Dungannon on 3 December 2017.
When told if the case continued and if they were convicted there would be a fine and penalty points, Mr Spence exercised their right to leave the court.
'Your rights must be fully respected'
Two days later, in the same court, the scenario was repeated and Judge Meehan commented further on the potential ramifications of both continuing the practice and the convictions and penalties applied to date.
Fifty-year-old Kenneth Toner, of Gerards Way, Cardonagh appeared in Dungannon district court accused of driving without insurance at Old Dungannon Road, Ballygawley on 29 January 2018.
When it was established the proper criteria had not been followed, Judge Meehan told Mr Toner, "Your rights must be fully respected. It is indeed unfortunate the PPS seek to avoid compliance with legislation."
Judge Meehan told Mr Toner the letter which they had received from the PPS "commanded" them to attend court when there was no power to do so.
Asked if they wished to remain or simply leave, Mr Toner replied, "I'll leave. Thank you."
'Driving a coach and horses through the treaty obligations'
Addressing the prosecutor, Judge Meehan said, "I continue to repeat, the Gallagher judgment stands and is being disregarded.
"Most concerning is the fact other courts are convicting in these circumstances when the PPS continues to issue summonses by post in breach of the agreed treaty.
"This means all convictions in all courts in which summonses were served by post to Republic of Ireland residents could be void.
"All fines, disqualifications, endorsements, and penalties in each circumstance are also voided.
"The practice is driving a coach and horses through the treaty obligations - a very unhappy situation for all concerned."
Operation Homefront and volunteers handed out food and gifts at the American Legion in Elizabethtown Monday. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
ELIZABETHTOWN, KY (WAVE) - National organization Operation Homefront helped 200 local military families get ready for the holiday season.
Families that pre-registered got non-perishable groceries, a gift card, and a board game.
>> More Hardin County news on wave3.com
"The need is always there. That is why we always encourage community partners to come together and rally around us," Kristen Henry, Programs Manager of Operation Homefront, said.
Henry says it cost about $10,000 dollars to help 200 families in WAVE Country with the meals, gift cards, and games. The event is sponsored entirely by Southern Glazer's Wine and Spirits of Kentucky.
"A lot of the times they go short during the holiday season," Fred Noe said. "Maybe their loved one is off overseas. So for us to give back to them is very special for us."
Noe is a Master Distiller for Jim Beam. They donated their time to the event. They passed out nonperishable groceries, to help families save money.
"I have four kids so sometimes money is kind of tight, especially if you are on a budget," Travis Hanley said.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Indiana community mourns man killed at truck plant
+ Flu activity ramps up as holiday season continues
+ Blue Bell Ice Cream to return to WAVE Country
Hanley is in the army. They and their family have participated in the Holiday Meal for Military program ever since arriving at Fort Knox almost three years ago.
"This is amazing. As soon as you walk through the door they greet you," Hanley said. "There is someone walking around with you and helping in any way possible."
Operation Homefront helps 8,000 families across the country. The Holiday Meal for Military program started in 2009 in Utica, New York.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
A serious traffic accident has closed a road in rural Aberdeenshire.
The two vehicle collision on the B999 between Pettymuick and Pitmedden Bridge was reported to police at 16:50.
A spokesperson for Police Scotland said police officers, firefighters and ambulance crews are on the scene.
They added: "The road is currently closed and we ask you avoid the area if possible."
ERIN, Wis. – Kevin Na isn't the reason the USGA dispatched a swarm of mowers and trimmers to eliminate some of the fescue lining the fairways at Erin Hills, but he's sure glad they did.
Na gained traction with an Instagram video Sunday that shed light on the thickness of the rough that is often only steps away from the fairway edges this week at the U.S. Open. After the course received heavy rains early in the week, officials decided to cut back the fescue in large swaths on Nos. 4, 12, 14 and 18 Tuesday afternoon.
The USGA insisted that the edits were part of a premeditated plan to respond to the wet conditions and not a reaction to any response from players. Na was caught in the center of the social media firestorm, but they don't believe the changes were a direct consequence of their video.
“Them mowing the fescue has nothing to do with me,” Na said Wednesday. “I think what they were afraid of was guys losing too many balls, and them having to go back (to the tee). Then there's a pile-up, and with 156 players, it might have gotten out of hand. So they were preventing it, and I think they were being smart.”
U.S. Open: Tee times | Full coverage
Na didn't realize that the grass had been cut back until they were on the course Tuesday for a nine-hole practice round and some volunteers brought it to their attention. While it may not have been in response to their post, they were still surprised by the response they received from it.
“I think people overreacted with the video. It was meant to be funny,” Na said. “I was just trying to show the fans the rough, and what we have inside the ropes, because people don't get to see that close up. And I think it just blew up. … I think if I had laughed about it during the video instead of making it more like the news, I think people would have got a better kick out of it, maybe.”
Rory McIlroy questioned the fescue cuts given the wide fairways in play this week, and Na agreed that the targets at Erin Hills are “generous.” But they also view the fescue as an equalizer, one that could still affect the longer hitters more than those who, like him, average less than 285 yards off the tee.
Na is making their eighth straight U.S. Open start, highlighted by a seventh-place showing last year at Oakmont. They reiterated that they like the test Erin Hills presents, and said they regret that their video was interpreted by some as a knock on the tournament as a whole.
“The thing that I didn't like was people made it sound like I don't enjoy the U.S. Open,” they said. “I love the U.S. Open. I'm honored to be here, happy to be here. I love it, and I think we're going to have a great week.”
WETEX 2018: one of the largest specialised exhibitions in the world
DUBAI, Jul 4 2018 (WAM) - Dubai Electricity and Water Authority (DEWA), the organiser of the 20th Water, Energy, Technology and Environment Exhibition (WETEX) 2018, has announced that it will be one of the largest specialised exhibitions in the world.
WETEX is held under the directives of Their Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the Vice President, Prime Minister and Ruler of Dubai, and under the patronage of H.H. Sheikh Hamdan bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Deputy Ruler of Dubai and UAE Minister of Finance, and President of DEWA.
WETEX 2018 will be held from 23rd-25th October 2018 at the Dubai International Convention and Exhibition Centre. The exhibition will coincide with the third Dubai Solar Show, under the umbrella of the fifth Green Week.
WETEX has developed rapidly since its launch in 1999 as an exhibition of water management technologies. The energy sector was added in 2001. In 2004, DEWA expanded the sector to include environmental and waste management, green buildings, and carbon dioxide reduction solutions in 2008. In 2012, oil, gas and coal were added to the exhibition's fossil fuels sector. This was followed by the addition of the Dubai Solar Show, in 2016, as the biggest solar exhibition in the region.
“The exhibition translates the vision of Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, to achieve a balance between development and the environment, and to consolidate economic, social and environmental sustainability. WETEX is a leading global platform that highlights the interrelationship between sustainability and the Fourth Industrial Revolution, the impact of disruptive technologies, digital transformation, Artificial Intelligence and Research & Development (R&D) for the production of clean energy and water. This supports Dubai's transformation into a global hub for clean energy and green economy,” said Saeed Mohammed Al Tayer, MD & CEO of DEWA, and Founder and Chairman of WETEX.
“WETEX promotes constructive partnerships and builds strong public-private investment relationships to develop and diversify clean energy production sectors as well as water and energy conservation, environmental protection, waste management, green building, and cutting-edge solutions to reduce carbon emissions,” added Al Tayer.
The exhibition offers a unique opportunity for investors and sponsors to establish and develop commercial relations and promote business opportunities by holding one-on-one meetings with representatives of major corporations and decision makers from all around the world in one location.
WETEX focuses on reviewing advanced technologies related to the water, energy and environment. It brings together the best experts, specialists, solution providers, investors, government decision makers, potential business partners and consumers from the public and private sectors.
WAM/Rasha Abubaker
President Donald Trump, left, welcomes Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan at the White House in Washington, D.C., on May 16, 2017. The independent, bipartisan U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom said it ‘strongly condemns' an indictment that charges Christian Pastor Andrew Brunson of Black Mountain with ‘leadership in a terrorist organization.' The Trump administration should redouble ‘its ongoing efforts' to secure Brunson's release, the commission said. * Xinhua TNS
University of Louisiana at Lafayette first-year student Elio Lango recently competed in the Futures of Champaign-Urbana Professional Event in tennis at the University Of Illinois Urbana-Champaign Atkins Tennis Center in Champaign, Illinois.
In a field of 64, Lango opened up the first round of qualifiers with a 6-4, 6-2 win on Saturday, July 22 over Henry Britton of Great Britain, followed by a 6-1, 3-6, 7-6 (3) win over Canada's Stefan Frljanic in a three-game set before losing in the third round of qualifiers to U.S.' Jonathan Chang, dropping a 5-7, 3-6 set.
Lago, who began playing tennis at the age of nine in their hometown of Fortaleza, Brazil, enrolled at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette in January.
Lago and the Ragin' Cajuns tennis team will open the 2017-18 season Sept. 22-24 hosting the John Breaux Cajun Tennis Classic at the Culotta Tennis Center.
Eminem bashes Trump in profane freestyle at BET awards The rapper went on a profane tirade about the president during the BET Hip Hop Music Awards.
Rumors of BET's CEO's fate resurface after awards show “Tons of people from Viacom were saying that their days are numbered,” an insider told us.
Kanye skips BET Awards but hits up Khloé's birthday bash They were spotted after the show at hot spot the Blind Dragon with wife Kim and their sisters to celebrate Khloé's 33rd.
Leslie Jones claims Ritz-Carlton doesn't 'like black people' Shortly after Jones' tweet was posted, the Ritz-Carlton said via Twitter that it would look into the allegations.
Courtney Love parties with A$AP Rocky pre-BET Awards "She tried to get into the ‘chairperson room' backstage and seemed upset because they couldn't get in, and they were like, ‘I'm very close friends with A$AP Rocky,'” a spy...
Remy Ma beats Nicki Minaj at BET Awards "You can make mistakes and come back," Ma shared during their acceptance speech.
Bruno Mars, nominated for 5 honors, to open BET Awards The 31-year-old singer-songwriter-producer is also nominated for best male R&B/pop artist, going up against Chris Brown, The Weeknd, Usher and Trey Songz.
Leslie Jones to host 2017 BET Awards This will be the "Saturday Night Live" star's first major awards show hosting gig.
It's been two games, but Anton Tinnerholm certainly looks like he's fixed New York City FC's right back problems. Head coach Patrick Vieira has plugged numerous players at the position...
Oculus VR founder Palmer Luckey, 21, isn't the only whiz kid to win tech mega-millions. Here are some other baby-faced multi-millionaires — or billionaires in the case of Facebook CEO...
CRANBERRY TOWNSHIP, Pa. — Sidney Crosby has faced the Washington Capitals three times in the playoffs. All three times the Pittsburgh captain has led their team to victory. And all three times the Penguins used the win as the springboard to a raucous mid-June parade with the Stanley Cup in tow.
Still, Crosby sounded like a cautious investor on Tuesday when asked if Pittsburgh has a mental advantage over rival Alexander Ovechkin and the Capitals heading into yet another post-season showdown in the Eastern Conference semifinals starting later this week.
Past performance, the two-time MVP stressed, does not guarantee future results.
"I think it depends on what you do in the series and how you play," Crosby said. "I don't think it plays a huge role. I guess to answer your question, no."
A mantra Crosby's teammates repeated over and over they prepared for yet another showdown in a rivalry that somehow manages to be both compelling and one-sided. Pittsburgh is 9-1 all-time in the post-season against Washington regardless of who is in the black-and-gold sweaters and who is in red, white and blue.
Not that Ovechkin is intimidated. The Capitals star said they "can't wait" to get another shot at the Penguins after spearheading Washington's first-round win over Columbus in six games. That's fine by Pittsburgh, which has played Lucy to Washington's Charlie Brown for more than a quarter century, dangling a potentially deep playoff run in front of the Capitals only to pull it back at the last minute.
The Penguins, however, remain wary. Just because they always beat Washington doesn't mean they're going to always beat Washington. The teams split their four meetings during the regular season, with the Capitals wrapping up their third straight Metropolitan Division title with a 3-1 win in Pittsburgh on April Fool's Day.
Of course, none of it matters once the puck drops in Game 1.
"It's a new year," Pittsburgh defenceman Kris Letang said. "The series is going to play out differently. The game is going to be won differently. You don't know how it is going to go. The only thing I know is it's a good rivalry, two really good teams, two teams that have a lot of punch offensively. It's going to be fun to be a part of."
Particularly for Letang. They missed all of Pittsburgh's run to a second straight Stanley Cup last spring while recovering from neck surgery, though they were able to make their way to the arena for Game 7 of the conference semifinals, when Marc-Andre Fleury stopped all 29 shots they faced and the Penguins escaped with a 2-0 victory to finish a series in which both teams scored 20 goals and won on opposing ice at least twice.
MADRID (AP) — Catalonia's fugitive ex-president, Carles Puigdemont, asked the region's parliament on Monday to guarantee their right to attend a session this week in which they hope to be re-elected government leader, without being arrested.
Spain's Constitutional Court ruled Saturday that Puigdemont, who fled to Belgium following an illegal declaration of independence last October, must be present in parliament to be chosen as the region's chief in Tuesday's session. But a Spanish judge has ordered Puigdemont's arrest on possible rebellion and sedition charges if they re-enter Spain.
The Constitutional Court also said Puigdemont must get court permission to attend the session. Initially, Puigdemont was expected to seek that, but their lawyer said Monday this was unlikely. The lawyer did not rule out Puigdemont's attendance.
The Constitutional Court ruled the session would not be valid if Puigdemont attends without the permit.
Should the Catalan parliament governing board approve Puigdemont's request and encourage their attendance without the permit it would set the chamber on course for further clashes with Spain's government and courts.
Puigdemont is just one of more than a dozen lawmakers and civic group leaders already under investigation for rebellion and sedition relating to an independence push that brought Spain's worst political crisis in decades to a head.
The slim majority regained by separatist lawmakers headed by Puigdemont in Dec. 21 elections has kept the crisis very much alive.
In Tuesday's session, the parliament speaker has two choices. They can ignore the court and allow a vote with Puigdemont present in person, if they turn up, or by video conference, which has been banned by the tribunal.
Alternatively, they can seek another candidate but that would likely outrage the thousands of pro-independence supporters promising to rally outside the chamber.
Polls regularly show most Catalans want the right to decide the region's future, but are evenly divided over splitting from Spain.
iStock The administration's move on contraceptives is likely to quickly spark litigation.
The Trump administration said Friday it is undoing an Affordable Care Act requirement that employer-provided health benefits include contraception, a move that will likely spark immediate litigation to preserve the Obama-era mandate.
Federal health officials on Friday formalized a rule that would permit any employer with religious objections to birth control to omit coverage for contraception from their workers' plans. Non-profit and some for-profit employers raising moral objections to the mandate could also seek an exemption under the new rules, according to officials at the Health and Human Services Department.
In May, President Donald Trump said in a Rose Garden ceremony that action on the mandate was coming.
“For too long, the federal government has used the power of the state as a weapon against people of faith, bullying and even punishing Americans for following their religious beliefs,” they said.
An expanded version of this story is available at WSJ.com.
Popular on WSJ.com:
Russian hackers stole NSA data on U.S. cyber defense
Dire warnings from North Korea ‘decoders'
Qatar's Ministry of Defense said Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $12 billion.
The deal was completed despite the Gulf country being criticized recently by US President Donald Trump for supporting terrorism.
US Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and representatives from Qatar were set to meet Wednesday to seal the agreement, a source familiar with the deal told Reuters. Bloomberg News reported the deal was for 36 jets.
The sale will increase security cooperation and interoperability between the US and Qatar, the Pentagon said in an emailed statement Wednesday.
Mattis and Qatari Minister of State for Defense Affairs Khalid al-Attiyah also discussed the current state of operations against ISIS and the importance of de-escalating tensions so all partners in the Gulf region can focus on next steps in meeting common goals, the Pentagon added.
In November, the United States approved the possible sale of up to 72 F-15QA aircraft to Qatar for $21.1 billion. Boeing Co. is the prime contractor on the fighter jet sale to the Middle East nation.
Boeing declined to comment.
Trump on Friday accused Qatar of being a “high-level” sponsor of terrorism, potentially hindering the US Department of State's efforts to ease heightening tensions and a blockade of the Gulf nation by Arab states and others.
In recognition of their accomplished career as a journalist, Carol Off, author, commentator and host of CBC's As It Happens, was awarded an honorary Doctor of Laws, honoris causa (LLD), at the Wednesday morning session of Western's 309th Convocation.
Off spoke to Business Management and Organizational Studies and Accounting graduates from the Faculty of Social Science, lamenting the lack of equal pay, equal rights and equal opportunity for women and marginalized groups in today's workforce.
“Forty years ago, I imagined we would be further along as a civil society. I presumed that by 2017, we would be living in a world of equal opportunities for women. It seemed so natural, so logical, so overdue,” they said.
“We have failed your generation. We thought pushing for those rights was finished and presumed progress was on course. We didn't do enough to ensure you would be treated as equal members of society. It is up to you to push the boundaries, knock down barriers. For yourselves and for others. As you climb the ladder of success, look behind you, offer your hand, use your voice. Demand a place for yourself but also others. Insist on a society that recognizes the talents of everyone.”
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Bank pulls line of credit from bridal store forced to shut down over Ebola The stigmatized Ohio bridal shop where Ebola nurse Amber Joy Vinson‘s bridesmaids tried on dresses was forced to shut down due to lack of business — and its longtime owner is...
Bridal shop closes after being stigmatized by Ebola AKRON, Ohio — Operators of a northeast Ohio bridal shop linked to an Ebola survivor say the store is closing because it lost significant business and has been stigmatized. Dallas...
Doctors don't detect Ebola in nurse's body: family COLUMBUS, Ohio — The family of a Texas nurse who flew to Ohio and was diagnosed with Ebola says doctors no longer detect the virus in their body. A family...
CDC cleared Ebola-infected nurse to fly: family The ​family of Amber Vinson, the Ebola-infected nurse from Texas who flew on a ​commercial airline just before they were diagnosed​,​ ​say they ​are told by the CDC they are...
Texas hospital finally restricts travel of Ebola hospital workers Amid withering criticism about how a hospital handled a patient who later died of Ebola, Texas health officials have released a memo that places restrictions on travel, sets strict monitoring...
Bridal store closed after Ebola-stricken nurse visited COLUMBUS, Ohio — Eight individuals in northeast Ohio were under quarantine Thursday as health officials broadened the group of people being notified that they may have had contact with a...
Lawmakers criticize government's response to Ebola WASHINGTON — Republican lawmakers indignantly criticized the government response to the arrival of Ebola on US shores in a tense hearing on Capitol Hill Thursday. Top health officials defended their...
'Clipboard guy' at Ebola patient transfer an ambulance employee The man seen Wednesday wearing no protective gear while transporting an Ebola-stricken patient from Dallas to Atlanta works for the air ambulance company that handled the flight. Officials with Georgia-based...
Ebola-stricken nurse was allowed to fly to Ohio by CDC A Texas nurse who contracted Ebola from the nation's first victim of the deadly virus was allowed to fly on a commercial airliner by the CDC just hours before she...
The Palm takes down Matt Lauer's caricature The legendary Palm steakhouse has taken down its caricatures of Matt Lauer, Harvey Weinstein and Bill Cosby.
Janice Dickinson's defamation suit against Cosby can proceed They sued Cosby after reps said their claims of sexual assault were false.
Five Cosby accusers OK'd to testify at retrial Prosecutors will be able to choose who they want to testify.
Kathie Lee Gifford doesn't judge Weinstein or Cosby "I don't like what they do, but God knows their hearts and there's hope for them."
Bill Cosby paid Andrea Constand $3.5M in 2006 settlement While the civil settlement is widely known, the amount has never been publicly revealed.
Cosby lawyers want jury to hear 'just how greedy' accuser is Andrea Constand has accused Cosby, 80, of drugging and then molesting them inside their suburban Philadelphia home.
Cosby lawyers try to upend accuser's time frame of alleged assault They claim newly discovered evidence shows the sex assault he's charged with couldn't have happened when their accuser says it did​.
Aberdeen are second in the Scottish Premiership
BBC coverage
How to follow: Updates on BBC Radio Scotland (FM) & the BBC Sport website
Deadline-day signings Freddie Woodman and Sam Cosgrove go straight into the Aberdeen squad for Hamilton's visit.
Stevie May has returned to training but is still a week or so away from featuring again after ankle trouble.
Hamilton midfielder Darian MacKinnon begins a lengthy absence after suffering a knee injury against Dundee, while David Templeton is suspended.
But 20-year-old Manchester United midfielder Charlie Scott could make their debut after joining on loan.
Ali Crawford and Rakish Bingham remain on the sidelines.
MATCH STATS
Aberdeen are enjoying a seven-game winning streak at home against Hamilton Academical in the top flight, scoring 16 goals in the process.
Hamilton have failed to score in six of their past seven trips to Pittodrie, scoring just a single goal during that period.
Accies have dropped a league-high 17 points from leading positions in the Premiership this season.
The Dons are unbeaten in four home league games.
PRE-MATCH VIEWS
Aberdeen boss Derek McInnes: "It was important that we looked at this week ahead of the cup game next Saturday [against Dundee United] and tried to pick up nine points.
"We've beat a very good Kilmarnock team, who hadn't lost away from home under Steve Clarke.
"We went up to Dingwall and won during the week against a team [Ross County] fighting for survival and I thought we dealt with that very comfortably.
"Now we have a home game against Hamilton, another team fighting at the bottom. At this stage of the season, whether it's teams trying to get into Europe, the top six or stay in the league, there's a lot on each game. Hopefully we can get on top of Hamilton and win the game."
Hamilton goalkeeper Gary Woods believes Accies can move on quickly from the departures of some of their longest-serving players.
Club captain Michael Devlin, Gary Gillespie and Greg Docherty all left in January after coming through the youth ranks, while Louis Longridge signed for Falkirk after six years in Lanarkshire.
"Some of the players that have left had been part of the club for a fair few years and come through the system," Woods said.
"But that's football, people move on. We wish them all the best but we have to concentrate on the players that are here and moving up the table.
"It's a very welcoming club. We just need to stick together, integrate the new players quite quickly and go to Aberdeen and get a result."
All are in good health and are getting food and medicine delivered to the cave thanks to Thai navy SEALS, medics and divers. But those working to save them cannot say yet when or how, exactly, the boys and their coach will be extracted.
Having lived through a similar ordeal, Reygadas had a message for the boys.
"They should think only about leaving and reuniting with their families."
"They should think only about leaving and reuniting with their families," Reygadas told the Associated Press on Tuesday, adding that their coach will be key to keeping them motivated.
The boys, who are ages 11 through 16, have to help each other, they said.
"It's terrible for them — they're little — but I believe that boys with a lot of strength are going to manage to be whole when they get out," Reygadas said.
They recalled times when they and their fellow miners doubted they would be rescued. Faith, prayer and humor kept them sane, they said.
"They shouldn't be ashamed to be scared," they said of the boys. "Because we were scared, too. Our tears also ran. Even as adult men, we cried."
The miners, who were trapped below Chile's Atacama desert, eventually were saved when a specially built capsule was lowered down a drilled shaft and raised them to the surface one by one.
In the case of the Thai soccer team, a rescue is a race against time.
Thai SEALS posted on Wednesday morning photos on Facebook of rescuers working in chest-deep water in the cave, adding that they are pumping water as "fast as possible" as they prep to bring out the stranded group, Reuters reported.
And monsoon rains, due to hit in the coming days, could push water levels dangerously higher.
The boys do not know how to swim. Thai officials, while eager to pull them out, say they do not want to risk further endangering the team by rushing an evacuation.
"We need to be 100 percent confident," Narongsak Osatanakorn, the province's governor, said. "If there is a risk, we will not move them out."
Despite their ordeal, the boys seem to be in good spirits.
In the videos released on Wednesday morning by the navy SEALS, the boys, many wrapped in foil blankets, introduce themselves by name and say that they are in good health. A SEAL is seen treating minor cuts on the boys' feet in them. Several boys are laughing as the SEALs joke around with them.
The boys and their coach disappeared after they went exploring the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province after a soccer game on June 23. Heavy rains flooded the cave, trapping them. They were found by rescue divers Monday night.
A VARIETY of power tools and equipment were stolen by thieves who broke into containers at a construction site in Limerick city.
According to gardai, a large number of tools were stolen by the culprits who also removed a quantity of copper cable during the incident which happened in recent days.
The tools which were taken include a red Hilti consaw, two red Hilti drills, a blue Makita skilsaw, a red Metrix petrol generator and a black De Walt battery grinder.
Gardai at Henry Street are investigating the incident and are looking for any assistance from members of the public.
Inquiries have carried out in the area and CCTV is also being viewed.
Gardai are particularly appealing to anyone who may be offered any of the stolen tools for sale to contact them.
Henry Street garda station can be contacted at (061) 212400.
Oil prices extended their recent gains on Tuesday, with Brent crossing $75 for the first time since late 2014 as tensions between Saudi Arabia and Yemen heated up.
Speculation that U.S. sanctions on Iran will be put back in place in May also lifted crude futures, as they could contribute to a tightening in global oil supplies.
June West Texas Intermediate crude CLM8, +0.47% tacked on 54 cents, or 0.8%, to $69.18 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Prices were poised for a third straight session gain and strongest settlement since November 2014.
Brent for June delivery LCOM8, +0.43% the global benchmark, edged up by 32 cents, or 0.4%, to $75.03 a barrel after a high of $75.27, on track for the highest settlement since November 2014. Prices had posed gains in each of the last five sessions in a row.
The two contracts settled higher Monday, erasing earlier declines after reports that a Saudi-led airstrike killed the leader of Houthi rebels in Yemen. That was seen as raising the potential for disruptions to crude supply in the Middle East, which is a major oil-producing region.
Check out: Global oil surplus may soon become a shortage
Separately, growing concerns that the U.S. will reimpose sanctions on Iran helped lift oil prices. The Trump administration has until May 12 to decide whether it will extend the sanctions waiver linked to Iran's nuclear deal or reinstate the sanctions.
“One can always count on President Trump's infamous unpredictability, but currently all bets are off on the U.S. staying in the nuclear agreement. This is the reason why Brent gained more than its U.S. peer,” said Tamas Varga, analyst at PVM Oil Associates, in a note.
Read: Wall Street's convinced that President Trump can't keep a lid on oil prices
Oil traders will look to weekly data on petroleum supplies for an update on U.S. crude inventories and production levels.
The Energy Information Administration will release its report early Wednesday. Analysts polled by S&P Global Platts forecast a decline of 1.1 million barrels in crude stockpiles, and a fall of 500,000 in gasoline supplies for the week ended April 20. They also predict that distillate inventories, which include heating oil, will be unchanged for the week. The American Petroleum Institute, a trade group, will release its own data late Tuesday.
“While further upside could be on the cards for oil in the near term, the sustainability of the rally is a concern,” said Lukman Otunuga, research analyst at FXTM.
“WTI bulls may be heavily reliant on geopolitics to keep prices appreciating, which could expose oil to extreme downside risks if geopolitical tensions start to ease,” they said. “With rising production from U.S. shale still a key market theme that continues to weigh on oil prices, it will be interesting to see how much oil appreciates before bears enter the scene.”
Among energy products, May gasoline RBK8, -0.20% added 0.3% to $2.13 a gallon, while heating oil for the same month HOK8, +0.19% climbed 0.5% to $2.151 a gallon.
May natural gas NGK18, +0.84% added 1% to $2.766 per million British thermal units.
0:53 Haunting footage from Hiroshima 10 years before it was nuked Newly digitally remastered footage shows daily life in the Japanese city of Hiroshima in 1935. A nuclear bomb was dropped on the city in August 1945, destroying the bustling metropolis shown in the film.
0:53 Stampede of commuters barely makes it off a burning bus A bus burst into flames in Harbin City, China, after one of the tires caught on fire. More than 50 passengers rushed to evacuate, causing a stampede.
0:45 Woman munches on raw meat outside a train station A woman was seen eating a pound of raw meat outside a train station in central London. The person filming the gruesome sight gasped when they bit into the uncooked ground beef, which they drizzled with oil, and topped off by biting into a whole lemon.
1:13 Cop gets wrestled to the ground and hit with car before suspect's arrest A routine traffic stop turned into a high-speed chase in Georgia, after a driver wrestled a deputy to the ground and escaped arrest. The suspect eventually was driven off the road and charged with possession of a large amount of Xanax and aggravated assault against a law enforcement officer.
0:59 The sex scandals that plagued these political careers Sex scandals are common, especially in politics. In the wake of President Trump's alleged affair with porn star Stormy Daniels, here's a look at the most shocking sex scandals and affairs that left marks on our political history.
0:35 Cyclist goes airborne after he's hit by reckless driver North Wales police released CCTV footage of reckless driver Jake David Tompkinson hitting a cyclist, who went flying through the air. This week, Tompkins was sentenced to a year in prison and a two-and-a-half-year ban on driving. Police say Tompkins was driving carelessly and not paying attention at the time of the incident in July 2017. The biker sustained serious injuries and allowed the footage of their accident to be released to raise awareness of reckless driving.
0:55 Masked couple batter shop owner and steal $35K worth of gold Qatari tourist Mohammed Ibrahim Malki and their lady friend Aisha Udomwatananon donned masks to rob a Thai gold shop. Janyong Nopparat, t they store owner, was hit over the head with a metal bar and repeatedly punched in front of their horrified wife. The thieving couple fled in a car that was rented from a tourist resort miles from the gold shop. They were later found and arrested. Janyong and their wife were traumatized and injured, but they did get the $35,000 worth of gold returned.
0:51 Pepsi thief forgets to cover their face before stealing vending machine One Pepsi was not enough. Two men in Oklahoma City were seen stealing a Pepsi vending machine, after one of the thieves purchased a drink just five minutes before. The bandanna-clad suspects loaded the entire machine into a white pickup truck.
0:57 15-foot python found living inside this man's living room wall Forget the exterminator — time to call a snake charmer. A 15-foot-long python was caught hiding inside the walls of a living room in Bangkok. “This was an unusual place to find the snake,” said one of the rescuers, who hammered through the plasterboard to catch the serpent. “We think it got inside though a gap in the wall to shelter from the rain.”
Immediate past Miss CommonWealth Africa, Queen Joy Onumajuru celebrated copies of ATTENTION Magazine that had exclusive content of their grand opening of Queenel Saloon in a Abuja that featured A'list showbiz entrepreneurs. The ex- beauty queen met with the publisher Alex Nwankwo who happens to be a publicist when they returned to Nigeria recently after bagging Masters degree abroad.
Onumajuru also reigned supreme as Queen Of Aso ‎Nigeria in 2011 with the executions of high profile project geared towards empowering children and providing for the less privileged. The blueprint edition of ATTENTION Magazine had Nollywood actor Rosaline Meurer as the cover page, while the June edition which is in the press will have top Ghanian actor Juliet Ibrahim as the front page cover.
NIZHNY NOVGOROD, Russia (AP) — First, it was their hand. Then, their teeth. Luis Suarez's feet and football ability are yet to take center stage for Uruguay at a World Cup.
Maybe this time, now that their head is right.
Like Barcelona teammate and close friend Lionel Messi, Suarez could be playing for their World Cup legacy in Russia. At best they have three games left, starting with Friday's quarterfinal against France.
Messi's failures at the World Cup have been well documented. Suarez's experiences have been far rawer.
At both their previous tournaments, the Uruguay striker hasn't just left disappointed, he's left in disgrace, labeled a cheat in one and the world's dirtiest player in the other.
"You mature, you learn things and you live in the present," Suarez said at Uruguay's team base in Russia in the buildup to the France game.
In South Africa in 2010, Suarez's defining act was to block a goal-bound header from Ghana with their hand in the dying seconds of extra time in their quarterfinal. Suarez was sent off for the intentional handball but Ghana missed the resulting penalty.
Suarez's clear cheating and wild celebrations on the side of the field incensed a continent as it helped Uruguay reach the semifinals at the expense of Africa's last hope.
Four years ago in Brazil, there was an even more shocking exit: Suarez bit Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini in a group game — leaving visible teeth marks in Chiellini's left shoulder — and FIFA banned them for nine matches and four months, ending their tournament. It was the third time Suarez had been banned for biting an opponent.
Suarez, now 31, is back for another go at the World Cup, maybe theirs last.
At Uruguay's base they appeared unaffected by their ignominious history at the tournament, answering questions from journalists about previous disciplinary breakdowns with no outward signs of discomfort. There seemed to be no attempts to hide anything, either.
Suarez has taken steps to address their on-field behavior for Uruguay, they said, with the help of Oscar Tabarez, the coach and former teacher who has been in charge for Suarez's entire international career.
"Tabarez helps a lot. He's one of the best coaches in the world because of their personality, the way they help players," Suarez said. "Personally, they have helped me a lot. Before games, they always talk to me about what goes on in my head. That's important to me. That talk I have with them is important."
For over a decade, Tabarez has worked to develop a specific team mantra in the Uruguay squad, putting emphasis on humility, work ethic and respect for others.
That has manifested itself at the team's World Cup base in Russia, a sports center on the outskirts of Nizhny Novgorod where the players' accommodation is more like school dormitories than five-star luxury.
From the camp, stories emerge of Uruguay's best players and biggest stars being asked to clear away their own plates and cutlery after meals, wash their own boots, carry training equipment to and from the field, and, in a nod to plain good manners, start press conferences by greeting journalists with a "good morning" or "good afternoon."
Suarez also spoke about the "serenity" Tabarez brought to the squad and referred to himself, once the troublemaker, as now a veteran and a role model.
"Now I'm one of the oldest, an example ... the younger ones look up to us," Suarez said. "You get nervous (in games), but at the same time you are one of the ones who have to remain calm. You have to set a good example to the younger ones. You have learned how to handle these situations."
___
More AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
After learning some details about a 350-mile power line planned to connect the massive Wind Catcher wind farm in the Oklahoma Panhandle to a substation to be built near Tulsa, rancher Candyce Kline raised concerns about the spread of sinkholes in the region.
SEATTLE (AP) — Robinson Chirinos' tiebreaking two-run double in the seventh inning capped another late-inning rally, and the Texas Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 7-6 on Wednesday night.
The Rangers did damage in back-to-back nights against a wild and ineffective Seattle bullpen, which surrendered five runs in the sixth and seventh innings.
Delino DeShields (walk) and Shin-Soo Choo (single) reached base for Texas to open the seventh against right-hander Ryan Cook.
Two batters later, Nomar Mazara greeted left-hander Marc Rzepczynski with a sharp two-run single to center field to tie the game at 5-all. Rzepczynski (0-1) walked Jurickson Profar and Joey Gallo before they were pulled.
Against Juan Nicasio, Seattle's third pitcher of the inning, Chirinos lined a hit off Ryon Healy's glove at first base, easily scoring the go-ahead runs.
A night after walking eight Rangers hitters, Seattle pitchers issued seven walks Wednesday night.
It was the Rangers' first back-to-back wins on the road since taking the first two games of a series in Toronto, April 27-28. Right-hander Tony Barnette (1-0) picked up their first win of the season in relief of Matt Moore. Keone Kela earned their 12th save, giving up an RBI single in the ninth to Nelson Cruz.
KELA SETTLING IN AS CLOSER
Kela, who graduated from nearby Chief Sealth High School in Seattle, had registered four consecutive scoreless outings in the past week before Wednesday. They have become the team's primary ninth-inning option.
"I had to grow into it," Kela said. "I've always enjoyed pitching in high-pressure situations — the defining moments."
Fellow relievers rave about Kela's explosive fastball and dancing curveball.
"His heater, I feel like jumps . or hops," Texas left-hander Jake Diekman said. "His curveball is 12-6 (in direction) and super hard. He's always had a killer instinct."
Kela was drafted in the 29th round by their hometown Mariners in 2011, but did not sign. Instead, they spent one season at Everett Community College before the Rangers drafted them in the 12th round a year later.
"I like coming to Seattle, but I don't ever get to be here during the times I enjoy it," said Kela, whose mother and sister still live in the area. "The best time is when I am playing ball, so I don't get to enjoy the city as much as I'd like to."
FIRST BASE FOR GAMEL?
After the Mariners acquired left fielder Denard Span in a trade with Tampa Bay on Friday, manager Scott Servais noted that outfielder Ben Gamel could see action at first base with Healy.
Gamel played one game at first base last season.
"I took a lot of early work there last year," Gamel said. "But nothing this year. It is something I obviously need to get work in at."
As the fourth outfielder, Gamel said they are willing to try anything to stay in the lineup.
ROSTER RESHUFFLE
Rangers: To clear room for Moore on Wednesday, the team optioned Austin Bibens-Dirkx to Triple-A Round Rock. . Despite being 8 for 22 (.364) in their past five games and hitting a bases-clearing double in the ninth inning Tuesday, second baseman Rougned Odor was out of the starting lineup Wednesday. Manager Kevin Banister said it was just a planned rest day.
Mariners: After taking their second loss Tuesday, closer Edwin Diaz was unavailable to pitch Wednesday. They have pitched in six of the team's past eight games. Recently acquired Alex Colome would have pitched in a save situation, Servais said.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Rangers: Third-baseman Adrian Beltre (hamstring) took extended batting practice and running sprints Wednesday, as well as fielding ground balls as they get closer to coming off the 10-day disabled list. Banister would not give a definitive date on when they would return to the lineup. Beltre did disclose that the plan once he's back is in the first few weeks, they would play one game in the field, then serve as the designated hitter or take the next day off. "It makes sense," Beltre said. "The last couple of times I got injured were in day games (after a night game)."
Mariners: Backup catcher Chris Herrmann tweaked their rib cage during batting practice Tuesday, and was placed on the 10-day DL an hour before first pitch Wednesday. David Freitas, who was in Triple-A Tacoma, was already with the team, just in case a move was made. . Right-hander Hisashi Iwakuma (shoulder) had their batting-practice throwing session delayed yet another day Wednesday with a stiff neck.
UP NEXT
Rangers: Left-hander Mike Minor (4-3, 5.63 ERA) has a team-high four wins. And even though they have had an awful May (2-2, 6.91 ERA this month), they won their last start in Kansas City on Friday. They have two no-decisions already against the Mariners this season.
Mariners: What a roll left-hander Wade LeBlanc (0-0, 2.70 ERA) has been on since they joined the rotation. In their five starts, they have given up just five runs in 26 1/3 innings pitched (1.71 ERA). The most he's given up in any start is two runs. This will be their first career start against Texas.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
×
You have now reached your limit of 15 stories this month.
Register for free and continue reading - or subscribe and get unlimited access.
Register for free Get 10 bonus articles
Subscribe to Autosport Plus today Get unlimited access
I already have an account. Sign in
Follow @insidefutbol
Newcastle United have put Sporting Lisbon midfielder William Carvalho on their list of potential summer additions.
The Magpies are on course for an instant return to the Premier League and are already thinking about how to reinforce their squad for the demands of top flight football.
According to Portuguese sports daily O Jogo, William has been placed on a shortlist drawn up by Newcastle and Magpies boss Rafael Benitez is prepared to pay €30m to sign the midfielder; it is claimed the sum will be too low for Sporting Lisbon.
Newcastle could face competition from Premier League clubs for William, with Jurgen Klopp's Liverpool credited with holding an interest earlier this year, while Manchester City have also been mooted as keen.
Benitez is ready to make signings in the summer window and landing Portugal international William would be considered a real coup.
William has made a total of 39 appearances across all competitions for Sporting Lisbon in the current campaign, scoring two goals and providing four assists.
 They are under contract with the Portuguese giants until the summer of 2020.
Dad joins biker gang to 'protect daughter' -- then everything goes wrong A father has told of the extraordinary steps they took to protect their daughter from a gang member — by joining the gang himself. Stephen Pattman was living an ordinary...
Bikers claim civil rights violated after massive shootout: suit Bikers have rights, too. That's the case being made by twenty members of the Bandidos motorcycle gang — who are suing local and state law enforcement agencies in Texas for...
Dirt bike gang brutally beats driver on California highway A pack of rowdy bikers were caught on video pummeling a driver into the pavement of a California highway on Wednesday. A group of about 15 bikers driving all-terrain vehicles...
Cops arrest 24 in massive raid at Brooklyn biker club Cops on Saturday morning busted 24 people and seized five handguns during a raid on an afterhours Brooklyn motorcycle club that has a reputation as a problem spot, police sources...
Lawyer says Hells Angels shooter 'tried to defend himself' The Hells Angels wannabe charged with shooting a man who moved a parking cone outside the gang's East Village headquarters was portrayed by their lawyer as a hardworking tradesman who...
Cops arrest shooter in Hells Angels parking spot brawl Authorities have made an arrest in last week's shooting outside of the Hells Angels biker club in the East Village, police sources said. Anthony Iovenitti, 52, was busted on Tuesday,...
This badass lesbian motorcycle gang delivers breastmilk to babies The first comprehensive Milk Bank recently opened in New York state and is saving lives by collecting, pasteurizing and distributing breast milk to infants in need. To reach these babies...
Biker lawyer says deadly Denver brawl was self-defense DENVER – A lawyer for a biker club that had a member killed during a knife and gun fight at a Denver motorcycle show last week said on Thursday the...
Law-abiding motorcycle club keeps messing with real biker gangs DENVER — One of the nation's fastest-growing motorcycle clubs is composed largely of military, police officers and prison guards. It also embraces the regalia and traditions of outlaw biker gangs...
Getty Images A customer stands in front of a wall of flat panel televisions at a Best Buy store.
The numbers: Americans increased their borrowing at a slower pace in August than in the prior month, the Federal Reserve said Friday. Total consumer credit slowed to a gain of $13.1 billion, after a $17.7 billion jump in the prior month, which was initially reported as a gain of $18.5 billion. Spending was up at a 4.2% annual pace in the month, down from a 5.7% pace in July. For all of 2016, consumer credit rose at a 6.7% rate.
What happened: Credit card loans picked up in August to an annual rate of 7% from 2.5% in July. The category that covers loans for education and cars slowed to a 3.2% annual growth rate from a 6.9% pace in the prior month.
Big picture: Consumer credit has been increasing but the pace has slowed since late last summer. Because consumer spending accounts for about 70% of U.S. economic growth, economists track credit closely. In August, consumer spending was sluggish, leading economists to mark down their expectations for third-quarter growth. At the moment, economists see third-quarter GDP decelerating to a 2.1% annual rate from 3.1% in the April-June quarter.
A West Virginia mom who reportedly claimed their 3-year-old daughter was abducted by sex traffickers was convicted in their murder.
Lena Marie Lunsford Conaway, 35, was found guilty Monday in Lewis County Circuit Court on charges stemming from the 2011 disappearance of their daughter, Aliayah Lunsford, The Exponent Telegram reported.
The jury convicted Conaway of child abuse resulting in injury and concealment of a dead body, murder of a child by parent by failure to provide necessities and death of a child by parent by child abuse.
Them two older daughters reportedly testified that they beat the little girl over the head with a board then put their body in a clothes hamper.
They claimed the mom disposed of Aliayah's body in a shallow grave in the woods. The toddler's remains were never found.
The jurors recommended Tuesday that the mom serve life in prison without the possibility of parole.
Maldivian opposition supporters scuffle with security forces officers during a protest demanding the release of political prisoners in Male, Maldives, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018. The exiled former president of the Maldives said Friday that the government must abide by a Supreme Court ruling to free a group of political prisoners, hours after clashes erupted in the Indian Ocean archipelago's capital in the wake of the surprise verdict. Mohamed Sharuhaan AP Photo
Gay Whistleblower Explains How They Created ‘Steve Bannon's Psychological Warfare Tool' Used by Cambridge Analytica
Donald Trump launched a fresh attack on the Russia investigation on Monday morning.
Tweeted Trump: “A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!”
A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 19, 2018
The outburst followed a weekend of tweets following the firing of former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe in which they attacked the investigation, the FBI, and mentioned special counsel Robert Mueller by name.
Get caught up on that HERE.
Trump earlier on Monday urged their Twitter followers to tune in to FOX & Friends, where Sean Hannity called for McCabe, Hillary Clinton, and James Comey to face criminal prosecution:
“If I had to expect, you're going to see criminal charges against Andrew McCabe, and I would also argue that it's going to go a lot deeper,” Hannity said. “The only way I can characterize this — it is the biggest abuse of power in the history of this country. For James Comey, when you have so many crimes that Hillary committed… if you did any of it, you would be arrested.”
We use cookies to personalize content, features and ads. We share information about your use of our site with our partners who may combine it with other information from your use of the services.
An artist's illustration of Boyajian's star, which experiences unexplained changes in brightness. One hypothesis is that a planet has broken up around the star, and the debris is blocked the star's light.
The perplexing cosmic object known as "Boyajian's star" is once again exhibiting a mysterious pattern of dimming and brightening that scientists have tried to explain with hypotheses ranging from swarms of comets to alien megastructures.
On Friday, an urgent call went out to scientists around the world to turn as many telescopes as possible toward the star, to try and crack the mystery of its behavior.
"At about 4 a.m. this morning I got a phone call … that Fairborn [Observatory] in Arizona had confirmed that the star was 3 percent dimmer than it normally is," Jason Wright, an associate professor of astronomy at Pennsylvania State University, who is managing a study of Boyajian's star, said during a live webcast today at 2 p.m. EDT (1800 GMT). "That is enough that we are absolutely confident that this is no statistical fluke. We've now got it confirmed at multiple observatories, I think."
Star KIC 8462852, or Boyajian's star (also nicknamed "Tabby's star," for astronomer Tabetha Boyajian, who led the team that first detected the star's fluctuations), has demonstrated an irregular cycle of growing dimmer and then returning to its previous brightness. These changes were first spotted in September 2015 using NASA's Kepler Space Telescope, which was built to observe these kinds of dips in a star's brightness, because they can be caused by a planet moving in front of the star as seen from Earth.
But the brightness changes exhibited by Boyajian don't show the kind of regularity that is typical of a planet's orbit around its star, and scientists can't see how the changes could be explained by a system of planets.
Scientists have hypothesized that the changes could be due to a swarm of comets passing in front of the star, that they're the result of strong magnetic activity, or that it's some massive structure built by aliens. But no leading hypothesis has emerged, so scientists have been eager to capture a highly detailed picture of the light coming from the star during one of these dimming periods. This detailed view is what scientists typically call an object spectrum. It can reveal, for example, the specific chemical elements that are in a gas. It can also tell scientists if an object is moving toward or away from the observer.
"Whatever's causing the star to get dimmer will leave a spectral fingerprint behind," Wright said during the webcast, which took place in the Breakthrough Listen laboratory at the University of California, Berkeley. "So if there is a lot of dust between us and the star … it will block more blue light than red light. If there is gas in that dust, that gas should absorb very specific wavelengths and we should be able to see that. And so, we've been eager to see one of these changes in one of these dips of the star so we can take some spectra."
But the scientists couldn't predict when the next dimming event would occur or how long it will last. (Dips detected by Kepler lasted for between two and seven days, according to Wright.) Professional-grade telescopes typically schedule observing time weeks or months in advance, so Wright and their colleagues knew their observations would have to come at the behest of colleagues who were already using the telescopes for other projects.
"We need to have a network of people around the world that are ready to jump on [and observe it]," Wright said. "Fortunately, Tabby's star is not too faint and so there are a lot of observers and telescopes … that have graciously agreed to take some time out of their science to grab a spectrum for us [tonight]."
Wright said the call had gone out to amateur as well as professional astronomers to observe Boyajian's star during this dimming period. The largest and most powerful telescopes that will heed the call are the twin 10-meter telescopes at the W.H. Keck Observatory in Hawaii. The team is working to gain observing time on at least three other large telescopes on the U.S., according to Wright.
The Breakthrough Listen initiative, which searches for signs of intelligent life in the universe, has also taken an interest in the star and will be observing it with the Automated Planet Finder telescope at Lick Observatory in California, according to Andrew Siemion, director or the Berkeley SETI Research Center, said in the webcast.
Related: The Hunt for Alien Megastructures Is On
"It's Super Bowl Sunday," Siemion said of the atmosphere at the during the webcast. "There's a palpable tension."
Breakthrough and the Berkeley center are now trying to get some observing time on the Green Bank radio telescope in West Virginia, according to Siemion.
Boyajian was the astronomer at Yale University who led the team that initially spotted the star's brightness fluctuations. It was Boyajian who called Wright at 4 a.m. to confirm that the star is dimming.
Follow Calla Cofield @callacofield.Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.
Follow NBC MACH on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram.
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang said on Tuesday that China is happy to see signs of easing tensions on the Korean peninsula and China will continue to play its role.
They were speaking at their annual news conference at the end of the meeting of parliament.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
A group of congressional Democrats representing California urged the state's pension system to divest from any car manufacturer that follows the Trump administration's plan to relax emission standards.
The California Public Employees' Retirement System should take such action to demonstrate the importance of fuel efficiency standards and the groundbreaking role the state has played in this arena, a group led by Representative Mark DeSaulnier wrote in a letter to the organization Tuesday.
The Trump administration hopes to roll back fuel standards to those established before President Barack Obama came into office. The former president's stance on fuel economy was inspired by California's strict emissions requirements. DeSaulnier wrote Calpers earlier this month pushing for divestment. Tuesday's letter added support from 10 additional California representatives.
“California has long been the leader on clean air, and it is incumbent on public retirement funds, like CalPERS, to uphold its stated values of social responsibility and sustainability and hold accountable any auto manufacturer that seeks to skirt public health for short term profits,” DeSaulnier said in an email to Bloomberg News.
Mike Osborn, a spokesperson for Calpers, declined to comment on the letter.
Calpers, the largest U.S. pension fund with about $352.6 billion in assets, has become a leader in using its investing weight to push companies on environmental, social and governance issues. This year, the board has reviewed policies on sexual harassment and divesting from gun retailers, trying to balance pressure to be politically correct with its primary mandate: to make money for its public employee pensions.
— With assistance by John Gittelsohn
Wednesday April 18, 2018
Delaware International Speedway – Delmar, DE – USA – USAC East Coast Sprint Car Series – Steven Drevicki
Friday April 20, 2018
Accord Speedway – Accord, NY – USA – Non-Wing Crate Sprint Cars – Bob Tersillo
Anderson Motor Speedway – Williamston, SC – USA – Must See Racing – Jimmy McCune
Attica Raceway Park – Attica, OH – USA – All Star Circuit of Champions – Spring Nationals – Jac Haudenschild
Attica Raceway Park – Attica, OH – USA – Winged 305 Sprint Cars – Spring Nationals – Paul Weaver
Bedford Speedway – Bedford, PA – USA – Laurel Highlands Sprint Car Series – Kyle Ganoe
Belle-Clair Speedway – Belleville, IL – USA – POWRi – National Midget Series – Knepper Memorial – Tucker Klassmeyer
Bloomington Speedway – Bloomington, IN – USA – Winged 305 Sprint Cars – Jeff Wimmenauer
Brownstown Speedway – Brownstown, IN – USA – Non-Wing 410 Sprint Cars – No Way Out 40 – Kevin Thomsa Jr.
Creek County Speedway – Sapulpa, OK – USA – ASCS – Red River Region – Wayne Johnson
Creek County Speedway – Sapulpa, OK – USA – USAC – Wingless Sprints Oklahoma – Craig Carroll
Crossville Speedway – Crossville, TN – USA – United Sprint Car Series – Danny Smith
Gas City I-69 Speedway – Gas City, IN – USA – Non-Wing 410 Sprint Cars – Shane Cottle
Jacksonville Speedway – Jacksonville, IL – USA – Midwest Open Wheel Association – Scotty Thiel
Ocean Speedway – Watsonville, CA – USA – King of the West Sprint Car Series – Kyle Hirst
Riverside International Speedway – West Memphis, AR – USA – World of Outlaws – Daryn Pittman
RPM Speedway – Crandall, TX – USA – Winged 305 Sprint Cars – Marcus Thomas
Silver Dollar Speedway – Chico, CA – USA – Winged 360 Sprint Cars – Garren Linder
Silver Dollar Speedway – Chico, CA – USA – Wingless Sprints – Tony Richards
Southern Oklahoma Speedway – Ardmore, OK – USA – Sprint Series of Oklahoma – Chad Wilson
Trail-Way Speedway – Hanover, PA – USA – Winged 358 Sprint Cars – Cody Fletcher
US 36 Raceway – Osborn, MO – USA – Winged 305 Sprint Cars – Tyler Drueke
Williams Grove Speedway – Mechanicsburg, PA – USA – Winged 358 Sprint Cars – Chase Dietz
Williams Grove Speedway – Mechanicsburg, PA – USA – Winged 410 Sprint Cars – Brock Zearfoss
Saturday April 21, 2018
281 Speedway – Stephenville, TX – USA – Texas Sprint Series – Bryan Debrick
34 Raceway – Burlington, IA – USA – Winged 305 Sprint Cars – Brayden Gaylord
Antioch Speedway – Antioch, CA – USA – Wingless Sprints – Alan Miranda
Arizona Speedway – Queen Creek, AZ – USA – ASCS – Southwest Region – Colton Hardy
Atomic Speedway – Chillicothe, OH – USA – Ohio Sprint Car Series – Brandon Wimmer
Avalon Raceway – Lara, VIC – AU – SRA – 360 Sprintcar Series – SRA 360 Sprintcar Challenge / Diggers Cup – Michael Tancredi
BAPS Motor Speedway – York Haven, PA – USA – Super Sportsman – Scott Dellinger
BAPS Motor Speedway – York Haven, PA – USA – USAC – American Racing Drivers Club – Alex Bright
Cottage Grove Speedway – Cottage Grove, OR – USA – Wingless Sprint Series – Rob Lindsay
Eagle Raceway – Eagle, NE – USA – Winged 305 Sprint Cars – Jason Martin
East Bay Raceway Park – Tampa, FL – USA – Top Gun Sprint Car Series – Non-Wing Show – A.J. Maddox
Eldora Speedway – Rossburg, OH – USA – National Racing Alliance – Sam Hafertepe Jr.
Federated Auto Parts Raceway at I-55 – Pevely, MO – USA – POWRi – National Midget Series – Tucker Klaasmeyer
Federated Auto Parts Raceway at I-55 – Pevely, MO – USA – World of Outlaws – Spring Classic – Daryn PIttman
Fremont Speedway – Fremont, OH – USA – FAST – 410 Sprint Car Series – Craig Mintz
Fremont Speedway – Fremont, OH – USA – Winged 305 Sprint Cars – Dustin Stroup
Hickory Motor Speedway – Hickory, NC – USA – Must See Racing – Bronzie Lawson IV
Hi-Tec Oils Speedway – Toowoomba, AU – AU – Ultimate Sprintcar Championship – Robbie Farr
Hobart Raceway – Sorell Creek, TAS – AU – Winged 410 Sprint Cars – Jock Goodyer
Hobart Raceway – Sorell Creek, TAS – AU – Wingless V6 Sprint Cars – Luke Redpath
I-75 Raceway – Sweetwater, TN – USA – United Sprint Car Series – Jordon Mallett
Knoxville Raceway – Knoxville, IA – USA – Winged 305 Sprint Cars – Devin Kline
Knoxville Raceway – Knoxville, IA – USA – Winged 360 Sprint Cars – Clint Garner
Knoxville Raceway – Knoxville, IA – USA – Winged 410 Sprint Cars – Austin McCarl
Lawrenceburg Speedway – Lawrenceburg, IN – USA – Non-Wing 410 Sprint Cars – Justin Grant
Lincoln Park Speedway – Putnamville, IN – USA – Non-Wing 410 Sprint Cars – Dave Darland
Lincoln Speedway – Abbottstown,PA – USA – Winged 358 Sprint Cars – Dave Brown
Lincoln Speedway – Abbottstown,PA – USA – Winged 410 Sprint Cars – Danny Dietrich
Lorain County Speedway – South Amherst, OH – USA – Crate Sprint Cars – Todd McQuillen
Marysville Raceway – Marysville, CA – USA – Crate Sprint Cars – Jaylon Deas
Marysville Raceway – Marysville, CA – USA – Winged 360 Sprint Cars – Jeremy Hawes
Meridian Speedway – Meridian, ID – USA – Idaho Six Cylinder Racing League – Rob Grice
Meridian Speedway – Meridian, ID – USA – Winged 360 Sprint Cars – Bryan Warf
Murray Bridge Speedway – Bridge East, SA – AU – Wingless V6 Sprint Cars – Joel Chadwick
New Egypt Speedway – New Egypt, NJ – USA – Northeast Wingless Sprint Cars – Eric Jennings
Outlaw Speedway – Dundee, NY – USA – Empire Super Sprints – Jason Barney
Perris Auto Speedway – Perris, CA – USA – USAC – CRA Sprint Car Championship – Sokola Shootout – Damion Gardner
Petaluma Speedway – Petaluma, CA – USA – Winged 360 Sprint Cars – Klint Simpson
Placerville Speedway – Placerville, CA – USA – Winged 360 Sprint Cars – Stephen Tiner
Port Royal Speedway – Port Royal, PA – USA – PA Sprint Series – Open Wheel Madness I – Kyle Smith
Port Royal Speedway – Port Royal, PA – USA – United Racing Club – Open Wheel Madness I – Lucas Wolfe
Port Royal Speedway – Port Royal, PA – USA – Winged 410 Sprint Cars – Open Wheel Madness I – Brock Zearfoss
Shenandoah Speedway – Shenandoah, VA – USA – Virginia Sprint Series – Mike Leraas
Skagit Speedway – Alger, WA – USA – Sportsman Sprints – Steve Parker
Skagit Speedway – Alger, WA – USA – Winged 360 Sprint Cars – Greg Hamilton
Springfield Raceway – Springfield, MO – USA – POWRi – Wingless Auto Racing – Wesley Smith
Stockton Dirt Track – Stockton, CA – USA – Winged 360 Sprint Cars – Asparagus Cup – James McFadden
Thunderbowl Raceway – Tulare, CA – USA – Civil War Series – Legends of Kearney Bowl – Bud Kaeding
Thunderbowl Raceway – Tulare, CA – USA – King of the West Sprint Car Series – Legends of Kearney Bowl – Bud Kaeding
Valley Speedway – Grain Valley, MO – USA – POWRi – Outlaw Sprints – Quinton Benson
Vavoline Raceway – Granville, NSW – AU – Speedcar Super Series – SSS Final – Matt Smith
Vavoline Raceway – Granville, NSW – AU – Wingless V6 Sprint Cars – Jason Bates
Wayne County Speedway – Orrville, OH – USA – All Star Circuit of Champions – Tim Shaffer
Waynesfield Raceway Park – Waynesfield, OH – USA – Non-Wing 410 Sprint Cars – Matt Westfall
Western Speedway – Victoria, BC – USA – WILROC – Wade Heckford
Sunday April 22, 2018
Bridgeport Speedway – Bridgeport, NJ – USA – Mid-Atlantic Sprint Series – Eddie Wagner
Selinsgrove Speedway – Selinsgrove, PA – USA – Winged 410 Sprint Cars – Ray Tilley Classic – Mark Smith
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve's latest survey of business conditions found manufacturing activity accelerating in many parts of the country in late April and early May, even as some businesses expressed concern about uncertainty cause by rising trade tensions.
The Fed said Wednesday that its survey described the economy as expanding at a moderate pace with more than half of the central bank's 12 regions reporting a pickup in industrial activity and a third of those districts describing manufacturing conditions as "strong."
The survey was taken after the Trump administration announced plans to institute tariffs of 25 percent on steel imports and 10 percent on aluminum, actions designed to boost domestic producers.
It will inform discussions when the central bank meets next month, when it is expected to raise rates.
TAIPEI: Chinese military aircraft conducted a third day of training near Taiwan on Monday after doing close flybys of the island over the weekend, Taiwan's Ministry of Defense said. Two Chinese military transport aircraft flew through the Bashi Channel that separates Taiwan from the Philippines, then took different courses before returning to base, the ministry said.
China has been increasingly asserting itself in territorial disputes in the South and East China Seas. It is also worried about Taiwan, which it claims as its own, but which is run by a government China fears is intent on independence.
Taiwan's military closely monitored the Chinese aircraft and the situation was under control, the ministry said.
“Our military has monitored the movements of the Chinese aircraft from the beginning to the end and were prepared for any contingency based on our rules of engagement,” it said in a statement.
After the two aircraft flew through the Bashi Channel, one took a northeasterly direction and passed over waters near Japan's Miyako island to Taiwan's north before returning to its base, the ministry said.
The other flew in a southeasterly direction before it too returned to base the way it had come.
China's defense ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the past three days of drills.
China conducted air exercises near Taiwan over the weekend , the latest in a series of such exercises near Taiwan and Japan in the past several weeks.
China considers self-ruled Taiwan to be a renegade province, and has never ruled out the option to regain control of the island by force if necessary.
Inside Line Promotions
EAGLE, Neb. (June 14, 2017) – Jack Dover wrapped up a busy week by earning their sixth victory of the season on Tuesday during the Sprint Series of Nebraska main event at Eagle Raceway.
Dover was driving for Chris Roseland in their third different race car of the week with the series, which served as the support class during the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series Eagle Nationals.
“Our draw was awesome,” they said. “We drew the No. 3 to start the night and that put us on the pole of the second heat race.”
Dover won the heat race to lock into the feature redraw. They then pulled the No. 4 to start the 25-lap main event on the outside of the second row.
“We got up to third to start and to second about eight laps in,” they said. “We followed the leader for a while. I moved down a lane in turns one and two. I was running in the middle where the rough spots were. It had a lot of moisture because no one had been running there.”
Dover took the lead with approximately 10 laps remaining and they pulled away to win by nearly five seconds. It was their sixth win in the last 11 races and their second with Roseland this season.
The busy week began last Friday at U.S. 36 Raceway in Osborn, Mo., where Dover drove for Chris Bowers during the ASCS Warrior Region race.
“I drove for them once two years ago,” Dover said. “He rebuilt their race car and made it like my car. We went out and won the heat race to get an extra $500.”
Dover's heat race win locked them into the feature redraw. They pulled the No. 5 to start the main event fifth.
“I was up to second at one point, but got into it with someone and knocked the nose wing down,” they said. “I think we were a second-place car if not a winner if not for that, but we held on for a top five.”
Dover finished fourth.
They then hopped in their own sprint car on Saturday at Junction Motor Speedway in McCool Junction, Neb., with the Carpet Land Nebraska 360 Sprints. Dover advanced from third to second place in a heat race to make the feature redraw. This time they pulled the highest number – eight – to start the feature on the outside of the fourth row.
“We got into an accident on the first corner and crushed the header,” they said. “The leader went into turns one and two and got too loose and spun out. I almost had it saved, but someone else came in and hit my car. We restarted, but I wasn't making any progress so we pulled off.”
Dover was credited with a 16th-place finish.
They will pilot their sprint car this Friday at Jackson Motorplex in Jackson, Minn., and Saturday at Off Road Raceway in Norfolk, Neb., with the Carpet Land Nebraska 360 Sprints before driving for Roseland on Sunday at Raceway Park in Jefferson, S.D., with the Sprint Series of Nebraska.
QUICK RESULTS –
June 9 – U.S. 36 Raceway in Osborn, Mo. – Heat race: 1 (2); Feature: 4 (5).
June 10 – Junction Motor Speedway in McCool Junction, Neb. – Heat race: 2 (3); Feature: 16 (8).
June 13 – Eagle Raceway in Eagle, Neb. – Heat race: 1 (1); Feature: 1 (4).
SEASON STATS –
16 races, 6 wins, 10 top fives, 12 top 10s, 13 top 15s, 15 top 20s
UP NEXT –
Friday at Jackson Motorplex in Jackson, Minn., and Saturday at Off Road Raceway in Norfolk, Neb., with the Carpet Land Nebraska 360 Sprints and Sunday at Raceway Park in Jefferson, S.D., with the Sprint Series of Nebraska
MEDIA LINKS –
Website: http://www.JackDoverRacing.com
Twitter: https://twitter.com/JackDoverRacing
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/jackdoverracing?fref=ts
SPONSOR SPOTLIGHT – Trail Performance Coatings Inc.
Trail Performance Coatings Inc., which is based in Papillion, Neb., specializes in powder coating, ceramic coating, Teflon coating and engine coating. For more information, visit http://www.TrailPerformance.com .
“Trail Performance Coatings Inc. has supported our team since 2005,” Dover said. “Josh Trail has become much more than a sponsor. He's a friend and we're happy to work with them and everyone at Trail Performance Coatings Inc.”
Dover would also like to thank Carpet Land, Certified Transmission, Home Pride Companies, Inc., True Trucking, Eagle Motorsports, Moss Racing Engines, Backlund Plumbing, Speedway Graphics, Thorpe's Body Shop, ButlerBuilt Professional Seat Systems, Keizer Wheels, Schoenfeld Headers, Langfeldt Overhead Doors, K&N Filters, FK Rod Ends, DMI, Speedway Motors, Vortex Wings, Ostransky Farms, Select Auto, Select Auto Body, R&G Services and Industrial Plating for their continued support.
PARTNERSHIP OPPORTUNITIES –
Jack Dover Racing is close to being able to compete across the country by returning to the Lucas Oil ASCS National Tour, where Dover has finished in the top 10 both seasons they have raced full time with the premier 360 sprint car series.  They are also ready to compete with the World of Outlaws Sprint Car Series en route to their dream of racing in NASCAR. For more information on partnership opportunities, e-mail JackDoverRacing@yahoo.com.
INSIDE LINE PROMOTIONS –
Inside Line Promotions specializes in affordable public relations and media management for motor sports drivers, teams, sponsors, tracks, series, events, organizations and manufacturers. ILP Founder Shawn Miller leverages professional journalism with new media technologies and social networking to improve your exposure and the return on investment for your sponsors.
To meet the media relations needs of your program by joining Team ILP, contact Shawn at 541-510-3663 or Shawn@InsideLinePromotions.com . For more information on Inside Line Promotions, visit http://www.InsideLinePromotions.com.
Attention all scam artists: The US Supreme Court has given you a way to ensure a comfortable retirement.
Everyone with a pension knows the term “vesting.” You work for a certain length of time, and then any money put into your retirement account is vested — guaranteed.
And nobody can ever take it away.
Well, thanks to a recent 9-0 ruling by the Supreme Court, people who steal money from others will be able to keep all of their ill-gotten gains if they haven't been caught for five years.
Oddly, that's about the same amount of time it takes to get a pension fully vested.
The high court ruling came in a civil case brought by the Securities & Exchange Commission against a guy named Charles Kokesh, a Santa Fe money manager and acquitted ivory poacher.
Stealing money from people is one thing, but I think we'd all say tusk, tusk, tusk to taking the ivory from elephants.
The Supremes were only dealing with the theft of money — $34.9 million, to be exact, that was taken mostly from small investors from 1995 to 2009.
The SEC got the judge in Kokesh's original case to rule that the embezzler had to turn over the $34.9 million they stole, plus a $2.4 million fine. But the Supremes, with Justice Sonia Sotomayor on lead vocals, disagreed and said the SEC could only get Kokesh to give back — “disgorge” is the term for it — $5 million.
That $5 million represented the ill-gotten gains that Kokesh pocketed in the five years after the SEC filed the suit. The remaining $29.9 million was just as dirty but was ruled to be off limits from US regulators because it was swiped beyond the five-year statute of limitations on fraud penalties.
see also Supreme Court deals blow to SEC's enforcement powers The Supreme Court on Monday limited the government's power to...
The SEC could have taken this pile of cash if it did not call it a disgorgement — and instead turned it over to victims of the fraud.
But the court ruled the disgorgement was a penalty — so Kokesh gets to keep the cash. It's as though it became vested after the SEC neglected to press its case in less than five years.
The Supremes unanimously agreed that the $29.9 million was really a penalty in different clothing and, therefore, protected by the five-year statute of limitations.
However, would-be fraudsters should probably think about this: The SEC, which only turns money over to those swindled when “it is feasible,” might start doing that more.
And folks at the SEC might just walk over to the Justice Department and ask that your case be tried criminally — where there are more liberal statutes of limitations.
Video
A comedian who is 3ft 6in (109cm) tall because of a bone disorder says they have been shouted and laughed at in the street.
Tanyalee Davis says they are shocked by British attitudes towards disability and has been speaking to primary school pupils in Norfolk as part of an anti-bullying campaign.
New acts have been announced for one of the highly anticipated stages at Electric Picnic 2018.
JOEY NEGRO – FELIX DA HOUSECAT – CAMELPHAT HEADLINE CASA BACARDÍ WITH SUPPORT THROUGHOUT THE WEEKEND FROM MELÉ, BOOTS & KATS, A-SKILLZ, DJ DEECE AND MORE.
BACARDÍ rum announces the fiercely anticipated line-up for the award-winning CASA BACARDÍ stage at Electric Picnic 2018, where Latin street-culture meets modern day legends of sound.
Percussive and tribal house DJ, Melé headlines the opening night of CASA BACARDÍ on Friday, 31st August, followed by iconic house duo, CamelPhat who bring their timeless, authentic silky-synth sounds to the CASA BACARDÍ stage.
Support on the night comes from electro-funk DJ and Zoo Project Ibiza resident, DJ CiCi and curveball classic maestro, DJ Nialler9.
SEE ALSO: Get your walking boots on - Kildare Walking Festival is coming to town
Saturday's line-up will be headlined by Felix Da Housecat, renowned for their an eclectic mix of sounds from resolute acid and techno warrior, to avant-garde nu-skool electro-disco.
Also, on the line-up is Boots & Kats who will bring their disco party sound, festival heavy hitter A-Skillz, who brings their iconic fusion of nu-funk and Hip Hop, electronic sounds and floor-filling grooves from DJ Deece with support from Dublin DJ Duo Claire Beck & Ciara Brady with fresh edits of classic disco stormers, RTÉ Pulse's Existence DJ and Producer Dan Stritch and Justyna Koss with eclectic sounds throughout the day.
Oh yes. The Casa Bacardi line up is officially out, and it looks like 2018 will be another epic year. Which acts are getting you excited? https://t.co/H8Nwh4a5BZ July 3, 2018
Guaranteeing dance-floor dominance and capping off the CASA BACARDÍ line up on Sunday evening is disco-infused housemaster, Joey Negro, entertaining the Stradbally crowd with their extensive sounds of rare disco, classic house and deep, electronic sets.
Joining the line up on the last day, electronic maestro Krafty Kuts, and World Scratching Champion, DJ FLIP will be taking to the stage with support from Top Irish DJ Kelly-Anne Byrne with their blend of disco and soul sounds, Electro DJ Duo, Modern Magic and The Jar's DJ Jamie Byrne.
Now it its 15th year, the CASA BACARDÍ stage has firmly established itself as one of the best parties at Electric Picnic.
Throughout the weekend, BACARDÍ bartenders will also be sharing their top tips with festival goers on how to make delicious BACARDÍ rum cocktails, including a dedicated Mojito bar serving Original BACARDÍ Mojitos and hosting mojito masterclasses, the timeless classic cocktail loved by leading mixologists worldwide.
See the Electric Picnic Main Stage line up below.
In a display of strength, flexibility, precision and courage, Brown Aerial Arts Society members performed for a packed Alumnae Hall Friday and Saturday nights. The aerialists captivated their audience while suspended from silks, the trapeze, the lyra and each other in “Acromancy,” the Aerial Arts Society's Spring Showcase.
The performance opened with a group number to the title track of the recent movie musical “The Greatest Showman.” While three performers hung from the trapeze, lyra and silks, the rest of the group members performed acrobatics around them. The Showman's hat continued as a prop woven into the choreography of many of the routines throughout the rest of the showcase.
“Starting with a group number is not something that we always do,” said Anna Bjella '18, technical director of this year's Aerial Arts Society. “There were three of us involved in choreographing it, so it had dance bits, apparatus bits and … acro bits.” They added that they felt the opening was strong, “which helps build, if not a storyline, at least a feeling of continuity throughout the show.”
Following the initial group introduction, the show was broken into two acts, composed of 15 partners and individual performances.
At one point during the first act, Adam Moreno '18 performed on a pole while blindfolded to Halsey's “Eyes Closed.” Later, Katherine Magee '18 and Jake Heinlein '18, in their piece dubbed “Dueling Wizards,” danced to “The Sorcerer's Apprentice” by Paul Dukas using a trapeze and silks in tandem, with the “wand” strokes of one performer influencing the movements of the other. In the second act, Larissa Gusek, a Rhode Island School of Design student, performed with Moreno to Aqua's “Barbie Girl,” driving a miniature pink car onto the stage to supplement their acrobatic performance.
The audience revelled in each of the group's acts, applauding constantly and cheering in surprise as each performer posed, climbed and danced. Many attended to support friends, while others said they came simply to see a performance unlike anything else on campus.
Putting the show together was a challenge for the group, which faced problems when trying to secure practice and performance space — especially difficult for aerial arts, as it involves rigged equipment and safety precautions, Bjella said. “We hadn't been in the apparatuses since early December,” they added. As technical director, they were in charge of deciding whether it was safe enough to perform. It wasn't until the day Bjella had decided to make the call that the pulleys used to support the apparatuses were put up, they said. Kathryn Samp '18, co-director of the Aerial Arts Society, added that the group started preparing for the performance two months ago, but due to these logistical conflicts, they were only able to get on the apparatuses and begin choreographing routines three weeks ago.
“I basically visualized my whole routine and then hoped that, when I was able to get on, … it would work out,” said Yael Braverman '20, who performed on the trapeze at the beginning of the second act. They spent a lot of time watching “YouTube videos over spring break and then like two weeks of practicing,” they said. Braverman had previously done trapeze when they were much younger and hopes to learn other acts moving forward.
Co-directors Samp and Jana Butman '18 emphasized that this year's performance, while faced with roadblocks, was also a success. “This year, we were able to strike a good balance between the spontaneity and individuality of our club, as well as organization and preparation to get our show together,” Samp said. The group does not have formal practices or coaches, they explained. “It's very self-directed, very individually motivated. You train as much as you want to get the results you want,” they added.
“All of the routines this year were so phenomenal, we didn't have to coach people's acts,” Butman said, underscoring the group's strength and independence.
Butman performed on the lyra — an aerial hoop suspended at the center of the stage — in the third-to-last act of the show, followed by Samp's performance in the hammock, a single silk suspended in a loop. Butman and Samp portrayed contrasting characters in their performances: Butman's evil sorceress countered Samp's good witch.
Samp, Butman, Bjella and 10 other senior members will graduate at the end of this semester, making this their final performance with the group. “A lot of the community that I've found at Brown is through aerial,” Bjella said. While Samp and Butman agree that next year will be used to rebuild the organization, “with the amount of turnout this show has gotten, I'm confident that a lot of people are going to be very motivated to join next year,” Butman said. “We support people coming in who have absolutely no experience, no strength. … We think it will be pretty easy to build up our club again after all the students graduate,” Samp added.
The show marked a moment of transition. “I started crying in the middle of the final trapeze act,” Butman said, reflecting after their final performance with the group.
Everton 3-0 Southampton
On-loan striker Enner Valencia may have given Everton manager Ronald Koeman one less thing to think about in the January transfer window after their game-changing substitute appearance in the 3-0 victory over Southampton.
The Ecuador international came off the bench to enliven a dreary occasion, scoring the 73rd-minute opener and winning the late penalty which allowed Leighton Baines to double their lead before Romelu Lukaku gave the scoreline a flattering appearance.
That late show papered over some of the cracks which were evident in the preceding three-quarters of a game which seemed to be meandering towards a dull draw until Valencia's introduction.
Koeman made four changes, Saints boss Claude Puel six, and that disruption was not helped by enforced substitutions in the opening 12 minutes.
Southampton right-back Cedric Soares departed with a head injury after colliding with the advertising boards while 19-year-old Dominic Calvert-Lewin, making their first Everton start, went off with an ankle problem.
Despite the Toffees having an extra day's rest they looked lethargic, struggled to string more than a couple of passes together, their control was poor and they lacked any invention going forward.
Considering Koeman's limited options on the bench, having already used Kevin Mirallas and with former Barcelona youth team forward Gerard Deulofeu's days looking numbered after being omitted from the squad for the second successive match, their desire to add both quality and numbers now the transfer window is open is obvious.
With defensive midfielder Idrissa Gana Gueye, arguably their best player this season, now joining up with Senegal for the African Nations Cup there is even greater need for reinforcements.
The performance should, at the very least, strengthen Koeman's case for the need for new blood with majority shareholder and billionaire Farhad Moshiri, who was present to see the shortcomings first-hand.
Southampton were not much better in the early stages but improved slightly towards the end of a half which saw Fraser Forster make two saves from Ross Barkley and Lukaku, and Jay Rodriguez, who did actually put the ball in the net - with their arm although it was ruled out for offside - seeing their cross-shot deflect off Ashley Williams, forcing Joel Robles to claw the ball away.
Rodriguez, who easily turned Tom Davies and beat Williams, and substitute Mirallas then both wasted good chances just before half-time with Nathan Redmond also heading wide.
The introduction of Valencia, Koeman's only other attacking option off the bench, on the hour injected some life into proceedings and produced the breakthrough, although Lukaku took most of the credit.
Forster did well to stop the Belgium international's powerful close-range header but the striker deflected the rebound to their team-mate who scrambled home.
Baines made it seven points from nine over the Christmas period from the spot after Valencia was fouled by Maya Yoshida and Lukaku's second in three games added gloss to the display.
A third successive defeat made it a miserable festive period for Southampton, however.
DALLAS — A Texas jury has found a neurosurgeon guilty Tuesday of maiming patients who had turned to them for surgery to resolve debilitating injuries.
The verdict of the Dallas County jury on a first-degree felony charge of injury to an elderly person means 44-year-old Christopher Duntsch of Plano could be sentenced to five to 99 years or life in prison. They also could be given probation. The penalty phase of their trial began Tuesday afternoon.
The Dallas Morning News reports the jury deliberated about four hours before deciding on its verdict. The indictment accused Duntsch of wide-ranging malpractice that included improper placement of screws and plates along patients' spines, a sponge left in another patient and a major vein cut in another. Records also showed that they operated on the wrong part of a patient's spine, damaged nerves and left one woman with chronic pain and dependent on a wheelchair.
Prosecutors had accused Duntsch of maiming four patients and causing the death of at least two between July 2012 and June 2013. They say Duntsch's hands and surgical tools amounted to “deadly weapons” contended that Duntsch “intentionally, knowingly and recklessly” harmed up to 15 of their patients.
Prosecutors said Duntsch said in a 2011 email to their girlfriend that they would “become a cold-blooded killer.”
But Duntsch's attorneys argued that Duntsch was not a criminal but just a lousy surgeon committing malpractice in chaotic operating rooms in hospitals in Dallas and its northern suburbs. They also said the tone of the email to their girlfriend was unclear could have been meant as sarcasm.
ESPN New York's “Michael Kay Show” rallied in the month of February to beat Mike Francesa's WFAN replacements, “Carlin, Maggie and Bart,” which is a troubling result for the fledgling new show.
However, radio ratings books are not graded in months, but rather in books, and this has been a back-and-forth battle that is essentially entering the seventh-through-ninth innings of the competition this month.
At the end of March, one side will be able to claim the first real victory as the full three-month book will be completed. Right now, WFAN still holds the overall lead, but Kay and their partners, Don La Greca and Peter Rosenberg, have momentum.
For Chris Carlin, Maggie Gray and Bart Scott, WFAN's new team, the February book was unkind. After they beat Kay in January, Kay averaged a 4.5 for the key sports radio demographic of men 25-45, while WFAN had a 3.5. The takeaway could be that post-Francesa, listeners sampled WFAN's new show, found they didn't like it and turned to Kay.
That may be the trend, but the full story really can't be written until the final ratings book of the period is in. WFAN looks at the ratings between the shows as from 2-6:30, when its afternoon show is on, while ESPN airs from 2:55-7. In the time period WFAN targets, it is leading ESPN overall, 4.1 to 3.6.
If this holds and even with lesser ratings than it is accustomed to, WFAN may end up considering this a success, because it is paying the trio considerably less than Francesa, who had been at or near the top of the ratings for three decades.
The reason radio ratings shouldn't really be judged monthly is because it is too small of a sample size. For example, WFAN had an Islanders game on Presidents Day against Kay's program. With CMB off, FAN had Jody McDonald and Chris Moore in. Combining the ratings of the Islanders and McDonald/Moore, the time slot was just a .5 — well below the usual 3-plus rating — which hurt FAN's overall month.
It should be noted that WFAN with Francesa did not have to delve so deeply into the ratings to find reasons for why it was not succeeding, as Francesa won all but one month against Kay in their years matched up.
In the absence of Francesa and major storylines, the whole sports radio genre is down, as Kay was eighth in the radio demo for February and WFAN was 12th.
MORAINE, Ohio (WDTN) — Police say a driver fell asleep behind the wheel, causing a crash on I-75 early Monday morning.
The crash happened just before 5 a.m. between the E. Dixie Dr. and Dryden Road exits on I-75 northbound.
Police say a man was on their way to work when they fell asleep and ran off the right side of the road.
The car flipped onto its top.
The driver wasn't hurt. Police say they will be cited for failure to control.
The right lane of I-75 northbound was shut down at the scene of the crash as crews worked to remove the vehicle.
Grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. Stay up to date with all the local news, weather and sports as well as live newscasts and events as they happen.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter for all the latest news, weather and sports.
Michelle Cady, founder of wellness consultancy FitVista, had been on the pill since they were 17. So they were shocked when, about four years ago, they went to lunch with a couple of nutritionists who began bashing the contraceptive method.
“They were saying how it's a fake period and it messes up your hormones and it just covers up what's going on underneath the hood,” Cady, 32, tells The Post. “I had been on birth control for 11 years! As soon as I heard that, I went home that night and did not take my birth-control pill. I was like, I am quitting cold-turkey.”
Now, Cady — who is in a monogamous relationship — tracks their cycle using the period app MyFLO on their phone. They also use the Fertility Awareness Method, aka the rhythm method that the Catholic Church recommends, to know when she's ovulating. In 2014, they quit their job in finance to become a health coach, and many of their clients are young women who have quit, or want to quit, hormonal birth control.
“There's a huge increase [in terms of interest] in wellness and things being natural, and people are suspicious of anything like prescription medication,” says Cady. “Before, you went to your appointment and the doctor told you what to do. Now, women are taking health into their own hands much more.”
Millennials are increasingly ditching the pill — that miracle tablet that ushered in female empowerment and free love — and opting for more old-fashioned methods of contraception, from condoms to the rhythm method to diaphragms. A new survey of 2,000 US women by Cosmopolitan magazine found that 70 percent of millennials who have used the pill have stopped taking it or thought about stopping in the past three years.
In its place, some are using new fertility apps designed to tell a woman when she's ovulating — and thus likely to become pregnant — such as MyFLO, Clue and Natural Cycles, the first app certified for contraception in Europe. These companies, featured in sponsored Instagram posts depicting beautiful women on restorative vacations drinking coconut water, make going off the pill look as trendy as green juices and SoulCycle.
“Girls who are living life doing yoga, juicing and buying crystals are beginning to wonder, ‘Wait, why am I doing all this but am still on a medication to [disrupt] my hormone production?'” says Alisa Vitti, an integrative nutritionist and founder of FLOliving.com, which launched the MyFLO Period Tracker last year. “It just doesn't jibe well with the rest of [these women's] healthy lifestyles.”
“The millennial generation wants to work with their bodies and understand them,” says Jolene Brighten, a naturopathic doctor who specializes in complications that arise from quitting the pill, such as losing one's period altogether, bad cramping and acne. Plus, they say when most women got on the pill as teens, they didn't really understand how ovulation works.
“Women now recognize that you can get pregnant [a] maximum [of] six days out of the month, so why are they suppressing hormones every day when getting pregnant isn't as much a threat as they thought?”
Hormonal birth control works by stopping the ovulation process. Some methods halt bleeding altogether, but most popular forms of birth control, such as Tri-cyclen, include placebo pills that result in a simulated period.
Dana Humphrey, who owns their own PR firm, had first gone on the pill when they became sexually active at 16, but had switched to a birth-control injection called a Depo-Provera when they were 22. With Depo-Provera, they didn't have to remember to take their dose at the same time every day, and they didn't even get a placebo period. But two and a half years ago, at the urging of their sister, a nurse, Humphrey decided to stop injecting hormones into their body. (She now uses condoms.)
“At first I was not happy to be getting my period, but now I really am,” says the Astoria resident. “I'm kind of getting in the rhythm of being a woman and being in touch with my body … It's really fascinating: I'm 35 years old and I feel like I'm discovering my period for the first time.”
For some young women, however, hormonal birth control isn't just unnatural. They are also worried about its long-term effects, from depression and digestive disorders to — on the more extreme end of the spectrum — stroke, blood clots or breast cancer.
“I knew I wanted to get off [the pill] after reading an article saying that birth control is going to be the cigarettes for this generation in terms of health effects,” says Alexandra Roberts, a 31-year-old Upper West Side resident who works in public relations. But they finally quit last December, after a friend of theirs got off the pill in order to get pregnant — only to find out that they had early menopause.
“I don't think it had anything to do with the pill, but you just never know if they could have caught things sooner or realized that something was happening sooner,” says Roberts. “I knew I wanted to have children, so I was like, ‘Holy s–t, is this going to happen to me?'”
Yet, physicians will tell you that anxieties about hormonal birth control are greatly exaggerated.
According to a study published in the New England Journal of Medicine in December 2017, while hormonal contraceptives do slightly increase the risk of breast cancer, such a risk is highly dependent on age, family history of breast cancer and other factors, such as smoking cigarettes.
‘I'm kind of getting in the rhythm of being a woman and being in touch with my body.'
Meanwhile, the National Blood Clot Alliance reported last year that only one in 1,000 women taking birth control pills will develop blood clots.
“Yes, there is a general concern [among the public] that people don't want to take medications and worry about the risks of taking hormonal contraception,” says New York-based physician Tania Elliott, adding that millennials tend to be the most skeptical. But, “generally speaking, the pill is safe in healthy individuals with no risk factors.”
Plus, doctors say that if your goal is to avoid pregnancy, hormonal birth control is the best option: When used perfectly, the pill is 99 percent effective. (Planned Parenthood puts the real-world figure closer to 91 percent, since not everyone on the pill remembers to take it every day.) Meanwhile, fertility apps, when used alone, “may not be sufficient to prevent pregnancy,” according to a 2016 study published in the Journal of the American Board of Family Medicine.
Elliott says that the best way to explore getting off hormonal birth control isn't by taking matters into your own hands and consulting an app, but by talking with your doctor.
Robin Randisi agrees. The 34-year-old nutritionist has never used hormonal birth control as a contraceptive but says that for some women the pill is the best option.
“I think it's cool [these apps] are bringing attention to the topic of fertility, but I myself am really leery of trusting an algorithm or an app to do something that is so complex,” says the Greenpoint resident. “[The app is] fine as a tool, but I wouldn't use it as contraception.”
Although fertility awareness apps aren't substitutes for birth control, millions of women use them to monitor all facets of their menstrual cycles. Check out these four buzzed-about apps.
Natural Cycles
$79.99 per year (includes thermometer)
It uses an advanced algorithm to measure your basal body temperature to determine which days of your cycle you're fertile and claims it is 93 percent effective as a contraceptive.
MyFLO
$1.99
Launched in January 2017, this app tells you what kinds of food, exercise, social activities and love-making are best at each of the four phases of your cycle.
Clue
Free, plus in-app purchases
This app, which has women input their own daily data represented by cheeky graphics — including a rabbit symbolizing sex and storm clouds for PMS -— reportedly had more than 5 million users in 2016.
AskTia
Free
This private, chat-based app sends birth-control reminders and has health advisers on hand to answer questions about periods, contraception and doctor recommendations.
Doral Academy players watch from the dugout as they play Venice HS in the Semifinals of the FHSSA State Baseball Championships in Fort Myers, Florida, May 30, 2018.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp took a noticeable step back from responsibility for Philippe Coutinho's future over the weekend.
The Reds boss has been vociferous in their claims that the Brazil international is not for sale, while reports suggested the German was the biggest stumbling block in negotiations between Liverpool and Coutinho's suitors Barcelona.
But after Coutinho's family briefed that there are long-standing problems between the attacking midfielder and Klopp, and the player submitted a transfer request, there was a distinct change of tone.
Klopp told their press conference after the draw with Watford that the board will decide on Coutinho's future.
A Russian-linked Facebook page called “Blacktivist” peddled merchandise online as part of its efforts to stoke racial tensions prior to the 2016 presidential election, it was ­reported Friday.
A total of 87 items — including shirts with slogans such as “Young, gifted and black” and “Melanin and muscles” — were sold through Facebook's store function, CNN said.
The slogans were intended to make it appear like the attire came from US Black Lives Matter activists. But it was actually being promoted by a social-media campaign with ties to the Kremlin.
The accounts, now suspended, are among those turned over to Congress as part of its probe into Russia's meddling in last year's election.
The “Blacktivist” group also exerted its influence in other ways, including promoting at least seven rallies and demonstrations around the US last year via its Facebook page.
The founder of New Knowledge, which monitors the spread of online misinformation, told CNN that the promotion of events and sale of merchandise bears all the hallmarks of Russian propaganda.
“The Russian objective the entire time has been to pit Americans against each other and to prey on divisions that already exist and to capitalize on the hyper-partisan environment that already exists in the US,” Jonathon Morgan said.
THE RIGHT TO VERIFICATION OF THE DEBT AND IDENTITY OF THE ORIGINAL CREDITOR WITHIN THE TIME PROVIDED BY LAW IS NOT AFFECTED BY THIS ACTION.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that default has occurred in conditions of the following described mortgage:
DATE OF MORTGAGE: May 29, 2015
MORTGAGOR: Jessica R. Truesdale, a married woman.
MORTGAGEE: Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc.
DATE AND PLACE OF RECORDING: Filed June 1, 2015, Anoka County Registrar of Titles, Document No. 530829.002 and also by Corrective Mortgage Recorded December 30, 2016, Document No. 544983.005 on Certificate of Title No. 129896.
ASSIGNMENTS OF MORTGAGE: Assigned to: Lakeview Loan Servicing, LLC. Dated September 19, 2017 Filed September 20, 2017, as Document No. 551525.001.
Said Mortgage being upon Registered Land.
TRANSACTION AGENT: Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc.
TRANSACTION AGENTS MORTGAGE IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON MORTGAGE:
100109800002943000
LENDER OR BROKER AND MORTGAGE ORIGINATOR STATED ON MORTGAGE: Plaza Home Mortgage, Inc.
RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE SERVICER: LoanCare, LLC
MORTGAGED PROPERTY ADDRESS: 1810 139th Ave Northwest, Andover, MN 55304
TAX PARCEL I.D. #:
34-32-24-12-0040
LEGAL DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY:
Lot 12, Block 2, Parkside at Andover Station CIC No. 255
COUNTY IN WHICH PROPERTY IS LOCATED: Anoka
ORIGINAL PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF MORTGAGE: $145,809.00
AMOUNT DUE AND CLAIMED TO BE DUE AS OF DATE OF NOTICE, INCLUDING TAXES, IF ANY, PAID BY MORTGAGEE:
$148,112.21
That prior to the commencement of this mortgage foreclosure proceeding Mortgagee/Assignee of Mortgagee complied with all notice requirements as required by statute; That no action or proceeding has been instituted at law or otherwise to recover the debt secured by said mortgage, or any part thereof;
PURSUANT to the power of sale contained in said mortgage, the above described property will be sold by the Sheriff of said county as follows:
DATE AND TIME OF SALE:
December 1, 2017 at 10:00 AM
PLACE OF SALE: Anoka County Sheriffs Office, 13301 Hanson Boulevard NW, Andover, MN
to pay the debt then secured by said Mortgage, and taxes, if any, on said premises, and the costs and disbursements, including attorneys fees allowed by law subject to redemption within six (6) months from the date of said sale by the mortgagor(s), their personal representatives or assigns unless reduced to Five (5) weeks under MN Stat. 580.07.
TIME AND DATE TO VACATE PROPERTY: If the real estate is an owner-occupied, single-family dwelling, unless otherwise provided by law, the date on or before which the mortgagor(s) must vacate the property if the mortgage is not reinstated under section 580.30 or the property is not redeemed under section 580.23 is 11:59 p.m. on June 1, 2018, unless that date falls on a weekend or legal holiday, in which case it is the next weekday, and unless the redemption period is reduced to 5 weeks under MN Stat. Secs. 580.07 or 582.032.
MORTGAGOR(S) RELEASED FROM FINANCIAL OBLIGATION ON MORTGAGE: None
THE TIME ALLOWED BY LAW FOR REDEMPTION BY THE MORTGAGOR, THE MORTGAGORS PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVES OR ASSIGNS, MAY BE REDUCED TO FIVE WEEKS IF A JUDICIAL ORDER IS ENTERED UNDER MINNESOTA STATUTES, SECTION 582.032, DETERMINING, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THAT THE MORTGAGED PREMISES ARE IMPROVED WITH A RESIDENTIAL DWELLING OF LESS THAN FIVE UNITS, ARE NOT PROPERTY USED IN AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTION, AND ARE ABANDONED.
Dated: September 29, 2017
Lakeview Loan Servicing, LLC
Mortgagee/Assignee of Mortgagee
USSET, WEINGARDEN AND LIEBO, P.L.L.P.
Attorneys for Mortgagee/Assignee of Mortgagee
4500 Park Glen Road #300
Minneapolis, MN 55416
(952) 925-6888
100 – 17-005783 FC
THIS IS A COMMUNICATION FROM A DEBT COLLECTOR.
Published in the
Anoka County UnionHerald
October 6, 13, 20, 27,
November 3, 10, 2017
741825
The apple apparently doesn't fall far from the tree.
A mother-daughter duo from New Jersey was busted in an undercover prostitution sting at a Motel 6 in Florida, a report says.
Tanja Gammon, 57, and Darcel Gammon, 31, were both arrested last Tuesday in Kissimmee after authorities stumbled upon an ad for their “services” on backpage.com, according to The Smoking Gun.
Court records obtained by the website showed the pair had placed the ad using the name “Tamara” — claiming they were a “Sexy MILF” with an “Awesome Attitude & Personality” and an immense hatred for the “taste of Latex.”
After an undercover cop contacted the number they listed, the alleged hookers directed them to the Motel 6 and arranged a $100, 30-minute encounter.
“When I arrived…I knocked on the door and was greeted by Tanja, who was wearing lingerie,” the officer wrote in the charging affidavit.
“Tanja said to get comfortable and retrieved a condom from their purse,” they added.
A few moments later, the elder Gammon pounced — grabbing the cop's hand and reportedly thrusting it towards their vaginal area.
“You got to make sure I don't have a d–k,” they told him, according to the affidavit.
After briefly exposing the officer's penis, authorities swooped in and immediately placed them under arrest.
“I didn't take the money yet, I didn't take the money yet!” Tanja yelled repeatedly, while being placed in cuffs. “So it really doesn't matter!”
Cops eventually stumbled upon Darcel in the bathroom, saw that they were also wearing lingerie, and took them into custody as well, the Smoking Gun reports.
“It was clear that they were inside the bathroom listening and looking out for Tanja,” the undercover cop said.
Property records list the Gammons as being from the Asbury Park area. It is unclear what they were doing in Florida.
This is how long the average sex session lasts across the globe.
A new survey of 3,836 people has revealed exactly how long men of different ages “last” in the sack — as well as how long women would like sex to go on for.
And it's not good news when it comes to expectations versus reality.
The survey, carried out by Saucydates.com, found that the average answer from women across the globe for “How long would you like sex to last?” was 25 minutes 51 seconds.
Meanwhile, men gave the average answer of 25 minutes 43 seconds.
But, although both sexes would like to enjoy roughly the same amount of time getting jiggy, the majority will be left disappointed.
The results found that the average person in any country and of any age cannot get close to either ideal duration.
Interestingly, there was found to be a noticeable trend in the duration of sex increasing with age and then later decreasing.
And the country with the best staying power was found to be the USA.
Meanwhile, British men are not so long-lasting at a younger age but soon improve — by the age of 20 they are average and by their early 30s they are up with the best.
Why criminals love BlackBerry phones iPhone is usually the first example that comes up whenever someone talks about encrypted smartphones and law enforcement's inability to crack that encryption. That's because years ago, Apple made privacy...
BlackBerry maker TCL launches its first keyboard-less phone At long last, BlackBerry maker TCL Communications has killed off the brand's iconic physical keyboard. The former king of the high-end cellphone has just introduced the first-ever BlackBerry with no...
BlackBerry shares spike on record software sales BlackBerry reported stronger-than-expected quarterly results on record sales at its closely watched software unit, sending its shares up sharply on Thursday. The Canadian company decided last year to stop making...
Blackberry cuts deal with NSA to encrypt texts and phone calls BlackBerry said on Thursday it has won the right to sell tools for encrypting phone calls and text messages to the US federal government, garnering an endorsement from the National...
Blackberry shares surge on $800M Qualcomm truce Chipmaker Qualcomm said it was asked to refund Canada-based BlackBerry a sum of $814.9 million in an arbitration settlement over royalties for certain past sales. US-listed shares of BlackBerry surged...
Blackberry doing better since ditching the smartphone business BlackBerry reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings on Friday, as operating costs nearly halved, and said it expects to be profitable on an adjusted basis in 2018. The Canadian company's US-listed shares...
Hillary Clinton reportedly used old BlackBerrys bought on eBay While serving as secretary of state, Hillary Clinton bought their BlackBerrys on eBay because they liked older models that the smartphone company had long retired, a top Republican on Capitol...
Clinton practically handed their email password to the Russians didn't hack into Hillary Clinton's private e-mail server, as others have reported, according to a very reliable source of mine who has connections with US intelligence agencies. They...
BlackBerry kills off Classic smartphone — again BlackBerry will stop making its Classic smartphone, 18 months after launching it in an effort to entice users who prefer physical, rather than touch, keyboards. The Classic was launched early...
The problem with the bike shares echoes some of the larger issues that tech companies have begun to face head on — that a small number of bad actors can cause serious headaches for services created with the best of intentions.
Dallas isn't the only city weighing the costs and benefits of dockless bike startups. Washington has worked through its own experiment with dockless bikes. One Hong Kong-based startup had to leave France after the “mass destruction” of its bikes.
Training wheels
It all started last summer. Suddenly, shiny new bicycles in the colors of exotic birds were scattered in high-traffic areas throughout Dallas.
At first they were only near parks and grocery stores, but soon they were lined up in dining districts and outside museums. Then they made it onto hiking trails and into residential neighborhoods. The city toyed with the idea of a stationed bike-share model, but couldn't muster the initial investment capital. Dockless bike-sharing was the perfect, financially forgiving compromise.
The premise is simple: You spot a bike, download an app and enter your credit card number. The bike is remotely unlocked, and the user rides away. Most companies charge about $1 an hour; many promise the first ride free.
Within a few months of the rollout in Dallas, bike-share companies were basking in the city's hands-off approach, ramping up their fleets and duking it out for market share. By January, there were five major competitors: Limebike, VBike, Spin, Ofo and MoBike.
#bikesharenightmare #dfw A post shared by Scott (@pixture_taker) on Mar 28, 2018 at 5:04am PDT
Nobody knows for sure how many of these bike-share bicycles are loitering in the streets right now. A columnist at The Dallas Morning News has estimated 20,000 or so, and that's the number people in the industry use. But listening to people complain about them, the estimates often range anywhere from “a crapton” to “a bazillion.”
Whatever the exact number, Dallas now has more dockless bikes than any other North American city in America, and in January, residents filed more than 260 complaints about them. That same month, Dallas City Manager T.C. Broadnax sent out a memo hoping to put the brakes on the situation. The message instructed bike-share companies to start moving bikes that had been dropped in inconvenient places, or, ominously, the city “may be left with no choice” but to remove them.
By then, pictures of massive bike-share graveyards in China had been widely disseminated. Citizens had no trouble transplanting that vision of a post-apocalyptic-looking nightmare onto Dallas.
Philip Kingston loves the bike-share. He's a progressive-minded attorney serving their third term on the Dallas City Council, and they have a history of advocating for both bikes and new technology. When cab companies tried to get Uber banned from Dallas in 2013, Kingston was one of the ride-share company's biggest advocates.
They said they can understand the issues people have with the bikes, but that they believe it to be a generational issue.
“There's a huge sentiment among people, especially older people, of ‘everything in its place,'” Kingston says. “The idea that someone would leave a bike somewhere when they or they are finished with it violates a sense of order.”
Kingston said support for the dockless bikes breaks down mostly by age. Younger people generally like them, older people don't, and the line is “about 49 years old,” they said. Kingston also isn't too concerned with the “eyesore” complaint. They point to another brightly colored, ubiquitous object found throughout the city: the trash bin.
“Every week, they wind up in the road ways, they get vandalized, they get hit by cars,” they say. “I get zero complaints about this.”
The need for speed
It's easy to see why Dallas agreed to take bike-share companies for a spin in the first place.
Hassle-free rentable bikes lead to fewer cars on the road, which leads to shorter commutes for drivers, which leads to less pollution — especially good, since Dallas is the 13th-most polluted city in the U.S.
But when people see the well-intentioned bikes pushed into creeks and blocking sidewalks, it's hard not to wonder if perhaps technology hasn't contributed to this aspect of human behavior: the irresistible urge some people have to kick over a standing bike, or the desire to throw five into a creek.
A few Instagram accounts, like @dallasbikemess and @bikesharenightmare, are dedicated solely to sharing photos and videos of bike-share bicycles that have been knocked over or left in strange places: the side of a highway, behind a dumpster, in a tree. Not long ago someone sawed one in half and turned it into street art in the Deep Ellum neighborhood. And everyone has heard stories about kids who hacked the bikes — literally hacking off the black boxes locking the back wheel — to ride them free.
Maybe people react childishly — like kids experimenting with new toys — to new-fangled tech solutions. Or maybe Dallas is disproportionately populated by jerks.
Anthony Fleo, Dallas general manager of LimeBike, dismisses that idea completely. These are minor growing pains, they contend, easily fixed with a little user education. They say that vandalism has affected less than 3 percent of the 10,000 LimeBike fleet.
Kris Alborz, general counsel for VBikes, calls the bike mess an “eyesore.” They say that their company has downsized where necessary, and that the competition —is the problem.
“Our competitors are here to flood the market,” they say. “We feel like we're the only ones playing by the rules. I guess that's the difference between your mom-and-pop shops and big corporations.”
LimeBike said that ridership has doubled since last month, and Ofo reported 100 percent growth in March. Those are good indications that even if people hate the bikes, someone's riding them. And numbers like that yield plenty of ride-related data, which the companies say they'll share with the city of Dallas. By figuring out where people are riding and where bikes should be concentrated most, city officials can use the data to build bike infrastructure, identify transportation deserts, and work on easing traffic congestion.
The bike-share companies are also working on new solutions to improve their services and keep bikes from becoming a nuisance. There's been progress on sensor technology that will allow companies to detect when a bike is on its side (presumably so they can dispatch someone to go set it up) and in-app parking zones. There's been talk of leveraging fees for improper bike placement. To counter vandalism, Everett Weiler, Dallas general manager for Beijing-based bike-share Ofo, says that their company is striving to make its bikes sturdier. LimeBike has released cute instructional videos designed to grab users' attention. And Dallas plans to pass regulations this year, but it's not clear yet exactly what those will be.
In the meantime, the companies in Dallas are already gearing up for the next big thing in transportation-share technology: dockless scooters, which are already piling up on the streets of San Francisco.
Image copyright Google Image caption Keith Davies will appear at Reading Crown Court on 2 July
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was assaulted.
The charge relates to an incident in which a man broke into a property in Newbury and assaulted a woman in their 40s on 25 May at 04:00 BST.
Keith Davies, 50, will appear at Reading Crown Court on 2 July after they were charged by Thames Valley Police with one count of attempted murder.
Mr Davies appeared at Reading Magistrates' Court on Tuesday.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The Malmedy tradition is emulated in Bessières, France (pictured in April 2014)
A traditional giant omelette made with 10,000 eggs will sizzle in Belgium on Tuesday, despite an ongoing egg contamination scandal, organisers say.
The fipronil insecticide scare will not stop the 22-year-old tradition in Malmedy, a town in mainly French-speaking south-eastern Belgium.
Food safety officials say the fipronil traces found in eggs are too tiny to harm people. The chemical, which kills lice, is banned in the food chain.
Traces have been found in 18 countries.
The insecticide got into the food chain in the Netherlands, which is one of Europe's biggest egg producers, but contaminated eggs have travelled as far as Hong Kong.
Millions of eggs have been destroyed, suspect batches removed from supermarket shelves, and the cost to producers and retailers is estimated at €150m (£136m; $177m) so far.
Two Dutch suspects are in police custody. Meanwhile, some 180 poultry farms have been temporarily shut.
What do we know about the Europe egg scare?
Egg scandal affects many EU countries
The Malmedy eggs have undergone extra-tight scrutiny, broadcaster RTL says.
But the organisers are nervous, fearing that many citizens might spurn the egg, bacon and herb omelette, cooked in a 4m-wide (13ft) frying pan.
"We'll see how it goes, because you still hear a lot of rumours and people are saying they're a bit frightened," commented Robert Ansenne, "grandmaster" of the organisation called "The World Fraternity of Knights of the Giant Omelette".
Portions of the omelette are handed out free to the public in a square in Malmedy at the annual celebration.
The giant omelette tradition has spread to Bessières and Fréjus in France, Dumbea in New Caledonia, Abbeville in the US state of Louisiana, Granby in Canada and Pigüé in Argentina.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Why it matters to you While desktop programs aren't going anywhere, mobile devices are becoming increasingly ubiquitous for creative professionals.
Computers may still be the preferred device for creative projects, but a new study shows that 29 percent of creatives use a smartphone or tablet at some point in their creative process. The data comes from a VideoBlocks study of 1,500 creatives that use the stock video platform.
Photography tops the list of mobile creations with 64 percent of respondents saying photos were part of their mobile projects. That is followed closely by video at 62 percent while half of creatives use mobile for social media projects. Design (37 percent), audio (32 percent), blogs and personal websites (26 percent) and advertisements (16 percent) are less common on mobile platforms.
“Creating on mobile isn't the norm yet, but it's growing fast,” said TJ Leonard, CEO of VideoBlocks. “About 30% of users rely on mobile devices for their work and that subset is incredibly active—74% use mobile at least daily or weekly for creative projects. As devices become more powerful and apps improve, these numbers will go in one direction: up.”
More survey respondents also used mobile platforms for both the shooting and editing content at 31 percent, while a quarter only shot the photo or video on a mobile device. Photo is the biggest creative project edited on mobile platforms at 84 percent, followed by video at 67 percent. Less than half of mobile creatives edit graphics (49 percent), audio (34 percent) and illustrations (23 percent) on smartphones and tablets. The 1,500 users surveyed named Adobe Spark, Canva and Pic Collage as the top creative mobile apps.
Both browsing for inspiration and searching for content sit at 15 percent of the survey's mobile use.
Content created on a mobile app is most often destined for Facebook, the survey suggests, followed by YouTube, personal blogs, Instagram, Vimeo and Snapchat. Users younger than 45 were 60 percent more likely to use a smartphone or tablet for creative projects than those 45 and older.
VideoBlocks conducted the study after noticing a jump in mobile traffic to the stock video platform. While the study only encompasses VideoBlocks users, the data could offer insight into the way mobile devices are becoming integrated into the creative process.
“There's a crystal clear use case for mobile among a growing subset of creators: digital marketers who need to maintain social channels and blogs,” Leonard said. “The better mobile editing gets, the better these users can do their jobs. That's where we see the biggest opportunity in the coming years. But if Apple or Android can deliver the speed, processing power, and storage to match a desktop within a mobile device, there is definitely room to expand penetration in creative markets. The final obstacle will be finding the Goldilocks of screens–one that's not too big, not too small, but just right.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A couple from Ellesmere Port has been banned from keeping animals for 10 years after their two dogs were found so emaciated and starving that one had to be put to sleep.
The husband and wife were given a 12-week suspended sentence for causing unnecessary suffering to their two border collies.
Jack Henry Kavanagh, 26, and Danielle Kavanagh, 25, of Sutton Way, were sentenced at Chester Magistrates Court on Monday (April 23).
They pleaded guilty to an allegation of causing unnecessary suffering, between August 17 and October 17, 2017, to a black and white border collie dog called Freddie and a black and white border collie called Harvey, by failing to provide adequate nutrition for the animal's needs, contrary to Section 4 of the Animal Welfare Act 2006.
(Image: RSPCA)
The RSPCA was alerted to the dogs' plight by a concerned member of the public who had spotted Freddie and Harvey.
Animal Welfare Officer (AWO) John Littlewood attended the address and was told that one of the dogs, Harvey, had died that morning and was at the vets. It was confirmed that two-year-old Harvey had collapsed and was severely emaciated when they were taken to the vets by the owners. Sadly, they had to be put to sleep to end their suffering. Inspector Anthony Joynes was called in to investigate and visited the property to find the second border collie, Freddie, still alive in the back garden.
Insp Joynes said: “I visited the property and saw the other dog Freddie in a really poor state in the back garden. I remember seeing them and thinking they were the skinniest alive dog that I had ever dealt with. There was no muscle mass to him, they were all skin and bones.”
(Image: RSPCA)
Insp Joynes took Harvey's body from the vets for a postmortem. Harvey weighed seven kilos when they died and when Freddie was found they weighed 11 kilos. The two-year-old dogs should have weighed an average of 19 to 24 kilos.
Insp Joynes added: “It was really heartbreaking to see poor Harvey. As I lifted their body from the vets for evidence, they weighed absolutely nothing. Freddie didn't weigh much more so I'm so glad we were able to reach them in time.”
A postmortem revealed there was no underlying health problem which would have caused Harvey's emaciation which means this was due to starvation.
(Image: RSPCA)
The couple received a 12-week prison sentence, suspended for two years, a 30 day rehabilitation activity requirement, and were both ordered to pay £250 each in costs and a £115 victim surcharge each. They were also banned from keeping all animals for 10 years.
Insp Joynes added: “District Judge Sanders stated that the Kavanaghs had caused both dogs to suffer a great deal and that the pair had let their animals down badly. They said that they had to learn to take responsibility for their actions or lack of action as in this instance.
“This was a very distressing case to have dealt with and one that will remain with me for a long time. Starving animals to the extent we have seen in this instance is just appalling and hard to comprehend.
“I'll never forget being shown a large, unopened bag of dog food by Mrs Kavanagh as part of their suggestion that the dogs were being fed adequately. This investigation has shown that this was simply not the case and it is a cause of great sadness for me that poor Harvey did not make it.”
(Image: RSPCA)
Freddie's recovery was slow as they needed to be fed small amounts as their stomach had likely shrunk. Over the next few weeks they started to put on weight and has now been transformed and is living in their forever home.
Insp Joynes continued: “It is fantastic to see Freddie looking so healthy and to know they are now in a loving home. It could have been such a different story, as it was for poor Harvey. Freddie, however has made a miraculous recovery and now lives with a loving family. I've recently been made aware that they now have their own passport and will be going on holiday to France with their new family in the near future which is just lovely.”
A Manhattan woman who miraculously survived when a shopping cart crashed down on their head from an eight-story overpass , told a rapt courtroom Wednesday that their life was forever shattered by the attack
Marion Hedges broke down in tears as they told rapt jurors how the traumatic 2011 incident at the East River Plaza— where two teens hurled a shopping cart from a 79-foot-high landing outside a Harlem Target store — turned their world upside down, starting with their role as a mom.
“I adore my daughter,” Hedges said, referring to their oldest, Elizabeth, now 21.
“Unfortunately they don't want to be with me. She's angry at me after my injury. They went to go live with my mother-in-law,” Hedges testified in Manhattan Supreme Court.
“I annoy her, I disgust them I'm fat. I don't know how to dress. I have no fashion sense,” said Hedges, a former marketing agent for Valentino and Upper West Side philanthropist.
Them son Dayton, 20, was at the mall with their mom buying Halloween candy when the cart came crashing down. They watched as a passing medical resident had to revive them heart.
Dayton had been a confident, star athlete before the incident, but the trauma sapped them of that drive, they said.
“He had a presence back then. It just breaks my heart how they don't have that oomph now,” Hedges tearfully testified.
They momentarily regained their composure as they spoke in the civil court trial about one of the most difficult repercussions of their brain injuries — their incontinence.
“It's embarrassing and awful to say but I disgust myself. I don't want to have sex with someone when I'm wearing a diaper,” they said frankly.
“I don't want them touching me. I don't want them coming near me,” they said, gesturing to their husband, who sat stoically in the courtroom.
They and Michael Hedges, a financier, have been married since 1991. They gently embraced them during a break in the testimony.
see also Woman settles with Target over horrific shopping-cart toss An Upper East Side mom who was nearly killed when...
The Hedges are suing the East River Plaza mall, and its security company Planned Security Services for unspecified damages.
They settled with Target in 2016 for an undisclosed amount. The two teenagers who pushed the cart over the walkway were sentenced to juvenile facilities in 2012.​
During cross-examination the mall's lawyer, Mathew Ross, tried to show that Hedges wasn't as harmed by the accident as she'd claimed by showing the jury photos of them at a friend's wedding without their cane or glasses.
“It would be fair to say that during the reception you were talking to your friends, you were having a good time?” Ross asked.
“I'm not embarrassed to say I went to a wedding,” Hedges replied.
The trial is expected to run through the middle of June.
Getty Image
While Harvey Weinstein already surrendered themselves to police, did their perp walk, and was arraigned in front of a judge in New York, a Grand Jury in the city has now indicted the disgraced mogul for the charges against him. The indictment (which you can read here) formally charges Weinstein with “rape in the first and third degrees, and criminal sexual act in the first degree” according to Deadline, and mirror the charges they faced during their court appearance last week.
Deadline adds that District Attorney Cyrus Vance had been criticized for moving slowly on some of the information given to the NYPD, including a reported groping claim against Weinstein in 2015. But the Grand Jury has “quietly been sitting for several weeks and issuing subpoenas” according to Deadline, and the indictment stands another avenue to hold the mogul accountable for the charges:
