Carmelo Anthony and the Oklahoma City Thunder are currently down 3-1 to the Utah Jazz after getting smoked by 17 Monday night. Given how bad Anthony has looked all season, it's fairly clear we've reached the end of their effectiveness in the NBA.
Anthony will turn 34 on May 29, and he's due $27.9 million next season. They can opt out of that deal they choose but, let's be real, that's not going to happen. Which means the Thunder can either keep them on the roster, or buy them out, waive him, etc. If Anthony is cut loose by the Thunder, who would pick them up? He's moody, doesn't like defense, doesn't play well in a secondary role and he's rapidly deteriorating statistically.
In 78 games this season, Anthony averaged career-lows in points (16.2), assists (1.3), steals (0.6) and minutes (32.1). They also shot career-worst percentages from the field (40.4) and free throw line (76.7). Meanwhile, their PER dropped to a career-low 12.78.
You want more? Because I've got more. Their Value Over Replacement Player dropped to an abysmal -1.1 this season, which ranked 537th in the NBA. Yes, it was 537th out of the 540 players who qualified. Anthony's Box Plus/Minus (-3.8) ranked 396th, and their Win Shares Per 48 minutes (0.77) ranked 305th.
So Anthony isn't an inefficient, ineffective player, he's also a just bad one these days. He's too slow to defend consistently and — try as they might — he's not quick enough to beat guys off the dribble one-on-one consistently anymore. If they were a dead-eye 3-point shooter, maybe they could have some value, but they hit just 35.7 percent from deep this season.
So what's the future for the 10-time All-Star? It's clear whatever he's doing with the Thunder isn't working. That team looks like it needs to be imploded. Maybe Anthony could wind up collecting a cheap paycheck on a team with some friends — like the Houston Rockets, or wherever LeBron James lands — but that doesn't seem likely.
Anthony's time as a valuable NBA player is at an end. We'll find out whether their career is over this summer.
The images coming out of war-torn Syria are really heartbreaking. Men, women and children are being massacred and the world is standing by, idly watching.
Thousands of people have been killed over the past year. Thousands have been injured. Thousands are facing starvation. Tens of thousands have been forced into refugee camps.
The situation is dire. I have just arrived on the Turkish/Syrian border to assist with humanitarian efforts. I am with the Al-Imdaad Foundation, an international aid body, who has been doing sterling work in the region over the years.
One of the biggest orphanages in the world, the Tiny Hearts Centre, is to be officially opened here in a few weeks. It is distressing to see men, women and children homeless. Many have lost their family members.
In mid-December, I got a few calls from South Africans asking what they could do to help the victims of the war. With the support of activists Yaseen Theba, Catherine Constantinides, Andy Mashaile, Raeesa Rhemtula, Al Firnaz Patel and others, we launched #OperationSA.
Former public protector advocate Thuli Madonsela also threw their weight behind the #SAveSyria initiative. The idea was to mobilise South Africans and to unite fund-raising initiatives. Within hours, #OperationSA received online pledges of some R750000.
A multichannel TV and radio pledge line two days later raised just R10.2m.
And pledges from across our country continue to stream in. The total now stands at just over R15m and R9.6m was paid to seven charities before the New Year. These organisations have a good track record and have been assisting Syrian refugees through international aid agencies. They include the Al-Imdaad Foundation, Islamic Relief SA, Africa Muslims Agency, Muslim Judicial Council and Jamiatul Ulama SA.
The recall rate from the pledge line is over 72%. This is phenomenal. It shows yet again that we are a caring and loving nation. #OperationSA embodies the spirit of ubuntu. The pain of fellow human beings thousands of kilometres away are our pain. The world is indeed one. But, the world has not done enough to stop the Syrian crisis.
Many nations are silent and humanitarian help has been rather slow. However, some nations are now realising they have to help.
How do we sit back and watch the killing of innocent people? The blood continues to flow and for some nations it's just okay. What we are seeing in Syria is mass murder and genocide.
Why have South Africans decided to assist Syrians? It's simple, the victims are human beings. Nationality, religion, political belief, etc should play no role when it comes to us helping people in need. A human is a human and it is our duty to help.
It is heartening to see how South Africans from all religious groups and backgrounds have donated to #SAveSyria. Women's groups have organised cake sales. School children have donated their pocket money. Communities like the Polokwane Muslim Trust have raised hundreds of thousands of rands.
A Pretoria family also cancelled their planned holiday to Cape Town to donate to the Syrian refugees.
There are many more heartwarming stories. Our nation never ceases to amaze. We always play our part and when it comes to giving, we dig deep into our pockets. Charity must come from the heart. It must become a way of life.
#OperationSA has made it clear that every rand donated for #SAveSyria must go directly to humanitarian efforts. No monies are to be used for salaries, travel, agent's commissions and so on. It will look at ways of helping locals by establishing a “random act of kindness” programme. The fund, once established, will make a huge difference.
Operation Hydrate, which I supported, was launched in early 2016 in response to the drought and supplied millions of litres of water to communities in need. Here also, individuals and companies donated millions of rands.
Initiatives such as the CEO Sleepout and others continue to raise large sums of money to assist communities in various areas of need.
This year, let's continue to make a difference. Mandela Day comes once a year – July 18. We have to make sure we make each and every day a Mandela Day. Madiba said: “Do not look the other way. Do not hesitate. Recognise that the world is hungry for action, not for words. Act with courage and vision.” It's time for action! We have to keep the spirit of ubuntu alive.”
We are quick sometimes to find fault with others doing good and some have a habit of just pointing fingers. But, this will not distract us from helping. The time has come for all of us to roll up our sleeves. We have to do something. Let's find ways of tackling issues such as poverty, unemployment, homelessness and the like. Let's all join hands.
#OperationSA will do its bit this year but it can only succeed if we work together. Thank you to all those who have donated to the #SAveSyria initiative. Every rand is going to make a difference. Charity is not a competition. NGOs have to work together as they cannot work in isolation. Our aims and objectives are one, to help people in need. Let's work as a collective and let us all take South Africa forward.
I am with Al-Imdaad's project coordinator Qari Ziyaad Patel. They say: “Our teams on the ground are ready to facilitate the relief efforts on behalf of #OperationSA and with the experience and transparency we have, will indeed be and eye opener for the group.
“The situation and difficulties faced by the Syrian people is without doubt the worst humanitarian crisis of our time and together this initiative from #OperationSA will make a huge difference.”
Now is the time!
Yusuf Abramjee is a social cohesion advocate and founder of #OperationSA
Yusuf Abramjee
Related Coverage 2 dead in New Haven after carjacking ends in crash
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) — The medical examiner arrived on scene after police say two suspected carjackers crashed and died after stealing an SUV in New Haven Monday morning.
“Whatever the circumstance, that's of course a tragedy,” said Congregation Beth-El Keser's Rabbi Jon-Jay Tilsen.
Original Story: 2 dead in New Haven after carjacking ends in crash
Rabbi Tilsen got a call early this morning because their synagogue suffered some damage. The stolen Toyota Highlander was going so fast, a tire imprint was left on the side of the building, and there's a gash in the wall where their social hall is. The Rabbi said this will have a prolonged impact on the congregation.
This is bad because it definitely will take a long time to fix.”
Tilsen says this is not the first time they've had an accident on their lawn, but this is by far the worst one.
“We've had some pretty interesting cars zooming up Whalley Avenue, and doing somersaults on the lawn,” said Rabbi Tilsen.
They say insurance will cover the expense, and despite the damages, services will go on.
“So we'll do what we have to do, we'll work around it. We'll keep our operations going. We have daily services every morning and every evening and so that will continue one way or another,” said Rabbi Tilsen.
Faith doesn't stop, and neither will the Rabbi who will spend their day trying to figure out the next step in getting this patched up.
Loving And Hating Dollar General In Rural America Dollar General stores thrive in low-income rural towns, and the deep-discount chain has opened hundreds of new shops in the past year.
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — Sri Lanka's prime minister says that Sri Lankan asylum seekers held on Pacific island camps who could potentially settle in the United States are free to return home without fear of persecution.
Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe made the comments on Wednesday during a visit to Australia in which they discussed bilateral cooperation on combating people smuggling. No Sri Lankan asylum seeker has reached Australia by boat since 2013.
But Sri Lankans, Iranians and Afghans are the largest national groups among more than 2,000 asylum seekers who are kept at Australia's expense on the Pacific islands nations of Nauru and Papua New Guinea.
Australia refuses to resettle any of them and President Donald Trump has agreed to honor an Obama administration deal to resettle up to 1,250 of them.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brigitte Nielsen has revealed she's pregnant at the age of 54.
The actor, who was previously married to Sylvester Stallone, broke the news via a stunning shot of their blossoming bump.
Taking to Instagram, Brigitte told fans: "Family getting larger," alongside a snap of them dressed in a white dress lovingly cradling them tum.
Brigitte is currently married to Italian TV producer Mattia Dessi, 39.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: DPA/Press Association Images)
The new baby will be Brigitte's fifth child, as they currently have four sons.
Brigitte, who starred in Rocky IV, is mum to Julian, 34, Killian, 28, Douglas, 25, and Raoul, 23.
Shortly after posting their pregnancy reveal, Brigitte shares another shot of them wearing sunglasses and a scarf and flashing their bump in a curve-hugging dress.
"Happy time. Positive vibes," they wrote as the caption.
(Image: Rex)
(Image: Rex)
The 6ft1nblonde was previously married to Raoul Meyer between 1993 to 2003, Sebastian Copeland from 1990 until 1992, Stallone from 1985 until 1987 and Kasper Winding from 1983 until 1984.
They tied the knot with fifth husband Mattia in 2006.
Mirror Online has contacted representatives for comment.
Andrea Bazler, Waterloo's parks project co-ordinator, said a number of items still need to be completed before the park can open to the public, including:
• Final grading of the site;
• Installation of furniture (including a ping-pong table, benches, a community harvest table, bike racks and other games tables). They should be installed this week;
• Planting of trees and laying of sod. The sod is scheduled to be laid by the end of the week, weather permitting.
The city won't take control of the site until the sod is established and mowed at least twice.
"Right now there are so many things on the go that list is changing almost daily," Bazler said. "Overall, I'm very happy with the project."
Durrell said the park was supposed to be ready last November, but the delay allowed the community to raise funds in November and December. They collected about $5,000 to help pay for some of the new climbing equipment.
Durrell said the fundraising has helped give the community some ownership of the project and is a continuation of the city's efforts to have residents involved in the park's redesign.
The city and the construction consultant hosted public information meetings in the fall of 2015, and the public's feedback was used to develop three preliminary design concepts. Those three concepts were eventually amalgamated into the final design.
Bazler said the project is within it's $1.2 million budget, which included about $460,000 for site remediation.
That remediation was necessary largely due to the site's history as a parking lot as well as the home of the E.O. Weber Furniture Factory, which was gutted by fire on Oct. 24, 1930.
The building was evacuated and no one was injured, but media reports at the time suggest flames shot 30 metres into the air. The Record story at the time described it as the "worst fire in the history of Waterloo."
This is the first urban park expansion in Waterloo's history, but it may not be the last.
In May 2017, Waterloo's finance and strategic planning committee approved funding to buy and demolish two properties south of Alexandra Park, on Alexandra Avenue, in order to expand that urban park. Work on that project has yet to begin. The price tag will be about $1.7 million.
Durrell said it's important for the city to invest in small, urban parks such as Mary Allen and Alexandra as continued intensification brings even more residents to the city core.
"For every large development we pass, we need to be thinking about green space," said the uptown councillor, who won't be seeking re-election in the fall.
"This, to me, is saying to this neighbourhood that we understand urban intensification needs to be balanced."
jjackson@therecord.com
jjackson@therecord.com
Charges are being pressed against the owner responsible for the alleged neglect of 46 dogs near Williams Lake. Photo submitted
A Williams Lake man who had 46 dogs seized from their property in February, has been formally charged with two counts of animal cruelty.
The BC SPCA seized the dogs from Terry Baker on Feb. 22, due to concerns of neglect, undersocialization and distress. The animals ranged from puppies, to adult and older dogs.
“The dogs were seized because of lack of shelter, poor sanitation and inadequate veterinary care, but the biggest issue once they were in our care was that they were terrified of human contact,” said Marcie Moriarty, chief prevention and enforcement officer for the BC SPCA.
Read more: BC SPCA seizes 46 dogs near Williams Lake
The animals included American Eskimo, border collie, husky and Samoyed breeds, some of whom were pregnant when they were seized.
“One of the complications was that several of the dogs were pregnant and gave birth shortly after coming into SPCA care, but were too frightened to let staff near them or their puppies. Thankfully we have some extremely knowledgeable and dedicated staff members who were able to provide the care and treatment they needed despite the challenges,” said Moriarty.
Read more: BC SPCA under pressure to care for seized dogs
The SPCA said veterinary and behavioural staff worked with the dogs hourly to help them adjust to everyday sights and sounds.
“This was a very intensive undertaking involving hundreds of staff and volunteer hours,” said Moriarty.
“The fact that the majority of the dogs have responded to the behaviour modification to the point that we were able to adopt them into new homes is quite incredible, given the condition they were in when they were seized.”
While the SPCA had been fearful they would have to euthanize some of the animals, today, only eight remain in SPCA care.
In April, Baker appealed the seizure, asking to have 10 of their animals returned.
Read more: B.C. man loses appeal to get 10 dogs back after more than 46 animals seized
In their appeal testimony, Baker said while the situation was not “perfectly ideal,” the dogs were well-fed, happy and none were harmed or abused.
They said things had “got away” from them following the death of their mother, and the seizure was simply a case of bad timing, after they had been sick with the flu.
The appeal was ultimately denied by the B.C. Farm Industry Review Board.
Baker has previously been convicted of animal cruelty in a case in Saskatchewan involving more than 70 dogs.
Their sentence included conditions that they were not to own or possess more than 10 dogs, six horses, or 10 chickens, with an exception of an additional 20 dogs, horses, or chickens under the age of six months.
If convicted in court, Baker could face a fine of up to $10,000, five years in jail and a lifetime ban on owning animals.
Read more: Truckload of homemade dog beds headed to BC SPCA shelters
@Tspricker
tara.sprickerhoff@wltribune.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
A Michigan woman wants to send their daughter to college -- and she's not afraid to beg.
Lori Truex began standing on a busy street corner in Battle Creek this week with a handmade plea for donations. Kendall Truex has been accepted to Michigan State University but needs $24,000.
Truex tells the Battle Creek Enquirer that she'll share their daughter's high school and community college transcripts and their Michigan State admission letter. Them sign says Kendall is a 4.0 student.
Truex says they drive a school bus, and their husband works in a factory. They say soliciting money for their daughter is out of their "comfort zone" but "you do what you have to do for your kids."
Kendall says their mom is an "inspiration."
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Virginia State Senate Expected To Vote On Medicaid Expansion The Virginia State Senate is voting Wednesday to expand Medicaid to 400,000 low-income residents. This comes after months of fierce political debates between Republicans. The vote could have nationwide implications.
amtrak upgrade Mark Yachmetz, Amtrak's vice president for Northeast Corridor business development, describes improvements planned for carpeting, seat cushions and lighting in 450 cars such as the one they are standing in Nov. 13, 2017, in Washington's Union Station. 01 / 19 Mark Yachmetz, Amtrak's vice president for Northeast Corridor business development, describes improvements planned for carpeting, seat cushions and lighting in 450 cars such as the one they are standing in Nov. 13, 2017, in Washington's Union Station. 01 / 19
The name “Acela” was created by blending the words “acceleration” and “excellence.” The 20 Acela Express trainsets were designed and manufactured by a consortium of Bombardier and Alstom. Each includes six passenger cars between two power cars at each end – such as the one shown here. The power cars have 6,169 horsepower and are capable of reaching speeds of 150 mph over current Northeast Corridor infrastructure. With tilt technology, the passenger cars maintain higher speeds through curves by leaning into them.
Matt Donnelly, Amtrak
Amtrak passengers in Acela's first class section will no longer have to fight for a prime seat.
The train service is now offering assigned seating in the first class section of its Acela Express train, which operates on the popular Northeast Corridor.
Customers will be able to select their seats ahead of time. They have the option of single or double seats, a window or an aisle, or a two- or four-person conference table.
Amtrak will evaluate the program before deciding on expanding seat assignments to more routes.
“By reducing the anxiety and stress of boarding, we're making the onboarding process easier, while continuing to ensure the safety of our customers,” Tim Griffin, Amtrak's chief marketing officer, said in a written statement. “Customers have long requested assigned seats on trains, allowing families, friends and colleagues to sit together.”
The practice of assigning seats on long-distance trains is common in Europe and Asia, but Amtrak has always had a first-come first-served policy. That practice has at times resulted in passengers not being able to find seats during holiday and other peak seasons.
Amtrak's new CEO Richard Anderson, who began Jan. 1, was previously CEO of Delta Air Line. Amtrak, which is federally subsidized, has been adopting services that airlines have been introducing in recent years, such as Wi-Fi and outlets at every seat.
As for the seat assignments, customers can modify their assigned seat any time prior to boarding via Amtrak.com, Amtrak's mobile app or with a ticket agent. There are no fees for reserving or modifying a seat. If the customer does not show up after two hours, the seat will be given away.
Crossing the country by Amtrak Amtrak's California Zephyr in Emeryville, Calif., on Feb. 14, 2018. The Zephyr is rightly regarded as Amtrak's most scenic train across the Sierras and Rocky Mountains. 01 / 35 Amtraks California Zephyr in Emeryville, Calif., on Feb. 14, 2018. The Zephyr is rightly regarded as Amtrak's most scenic train across the Sierras and Rocky Mountains. 01 / 35
Amtrak interiors through the years In connection with the start of Amtrak service in May 1971, the company handpicked approximately 1,200 cars from a total pool of 3,000 held by the two dozen predecessor railroads that had handed over their passenger service obligations to Amtrak. Many of these inherited cars wore various paint schemes, which is why these early years are sometimes referred to as Amtrak's "Rainbow Era." 01 / 18 In connection with the start of Amtrak service in May 1971, the company handpicked approximately 1,200 cars from a total pool of 3,000 held by the two dozen predecessor railroads that had handed over their passenger service obligations to Amtrak. Many of these inherited cars wore various paint schemes, which is why these early years are sometimes referred to as Amtrak's "Rainbow Era." 01 / 18
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
TRAVIS AIR FORCE BASE, Calif. (AP) — A mistaken report of a shooter prompted the lockdown of Travis Air Force Base in California on Wednesday in the midst of an emergency training exercise, officials said.
The base ordered people to shelter in place and lock their doors and windows. Gates were closed for more than an hour before the all-clear was given at the site 45 miles northeast of San Francisco .
“There were reports of gunshots at the Base Exchange. However, no shooter was found,” a base Facebook posting reported.
“There was a security exercise underway at the base and somebody took that to be an active shooter and they went from there,” said U.S. Rep. John Garamendi, who was briefed on the situation.
Advertisement
The scare came as the base was in the midst of a multi-day exercise to test and train personnel to respond to emergencies.
“These exercises mean everyone on base is on heightened awareness,” Col. John Klein, commander of the Travis-based 60th Air Mobility Wing, said in a statement. “Though it was a false alarm, our first responders reacted appropriately. We take every security incident, very seriously. I am confident in our ability to respond to any emergency situation.”
The alarm came on a day marked by violence.
In Virginia, a gunman wounded Rep. Steve Scalise and several others during practice for a baseball game featuring congressional Republicans.
James T. Hodgkinson, 66, was fatally shot by police who had been guarding Scalise, the House majority whip.
In San Francisco, a UPS employee opened fire inside a package delivery facility, killing three co-workers and himself, authorities said.
How are firefighters trained to handle massive fires?
Firefighters said knowing the lay of the land can make the difference in saving someone's life.
"You get a rush out of it. It's just like any other adventure type support, skydiving or something like that. A lot of people say you're crazy for doing it," Burton's Assistant Fire Chief Kirk Wilkinson said.
It's a job well fit for thrill seekers, but Wilkinson said it's no job for the weak.
"I've always said any firefighter who doesn't have a certain level of fear probably shouldn't be there because they're gonna get someone hurt," Wilkinson said.
Firefighters put their lives on the line every day, rushing into danger while others are running from it. The bigger the building is the higher the stakes are.
Most recently, a massive fire killed at least six people at a high-rise building in London.
"There was no fire suppression system in that building. The fire spread way too quickly and through the entire building," Wilkinson said.
They said things are typically built differently in the United States, but it's preparation that makes the critical situations a lot easier.
"We try to maintain our knowledge of the buildings in our area - big apartment complexes, things like that. So that we know if there's a fire what the priority is," Wilkinson said.
There's a strict protocol firefighters follow when responding to a call before entering the building.
"We do what we call a 360, completely walk around the building and see what's visible, how far the fires progressed and where it looks like it's progressed to," Wilkinson said.
Wilkinson said if you ever find yourself in a large scale fire you should let someone know where you're at.
"Whether it's going to a window or calling 911 to tell them where you're at. That info will get to us and will make chances of survival that much greater," Wilkinson said.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
The nearly 300-km highway, the only all-weather road linking Kashmir with the rest of the country, was closed as a precautionary measure in view of heavy rainfall. Photo: PTI
Jammu: The Jammu-Srinagar national highway and Mughal Road were closed for traffic for the second consecutive day on Tuesday due to continuous snowfall and rains. The nearly 300-km highway, the only all-weather road linking Kashmir with the rest of the country, was closed as a precautionary measure in view of heavy rainfall at Banihal, Ramban and Patnitop and snowfall on both sides of the Jawahar Tunnel.
“The highway is closed for second day on Tuesday. The highway was closed following heavy snowfall at Jawahar tunnel, Patnitop and Ramban area bedsides landslides triggered at Pathiyal early on Tuesday”, a police official said. As per the advisory of traffic police department passengers planning to travel on the highway in coming days should contact traffic control room before leaving for their destinations.
Mughal road, connecting the twin districts of Poonch and Rajouri in Jammu region with south Kashmir's Shopian district, has also been closed for the second day on Tuesday. “There has been heavy snowfall in Pir Ki Gali and other areas en route Mughal road resulting in closure”, they said.
The traffic was suspended on Mughal road last evening as a precautionary measure in view of the weather forecast predicting moderate to heavy snowfall in the high altitude areas under the influence of a Western disturbance from 11 to 14 December. There was very heavy snowfall in hills of Doda, Kishtwar, Ramban, Kathua, Rajouri, Reasi and Poonch districts of Jammu region.
As result of which some inter-district and inter-state roads have been closed due to snowfall for traffic. Jammu on Monday recorded the lowest day temperature as the mercury nosedived by almost nine notches amid incessant rains to settle nine degrees below normal during this part of the season.
The drop in the day temperature was the result of the prevailing weather condition which resulted in rains in the plains and snowfall in high altitude areas.
Narrative cinema has the ability to take a descriptive story and translate it into images and sounds that can be enjoyed in themselves. In the case of a literary adaptation, the descriptive power of these images and sounds is related to the degree of elaboration that the author offers in the original novel. A filmmaker chooses a particular novel only if the themes of the novel and the concerns of the author match his/her own cinematographic concerns.
This is most certainly the case with Masahiro Shinoda's Silence (1971), a precursor to Martin Scorsese version that is being released on February 17. Silence, based on Shusaku Endo's 1966 novel by the same name, is about the gross violations committed by the Japanese in the 17th century against Christianity. The film centres on a priest, Rodrigues, and their struggles with the local feudal lords (the daimyo) and warrior communities (the samurai), until they are forced to give up their own faith. Rodrigues's battle is played off against a Japanese Christian, Kichijiro, who is a voluntary gives up their faith.
Shinoda's Silence is a successful adaptation primarily because the filmmaker's concerns are the same as those of the novelist. Endo, a Catholic who suffered persecution in Japan, uses the diaristic form to describe the circumstances that lead to the conditions in which the novel plays out. This is most suited to Shinoda, who believed their cinema to be one of the catalysts in pitting the individual against the community.
The diaristic form points to the act of writing. Shinoda transforms this concern into speech, with Rodrigues speaking out lines from their diary in the lush Japanese countryside. The director often translates Endo's descriptive passages into spoken dialogue, as if to suggest that cinema is a medium of showing and not telling.
Play Silence (1971).
Shinoda's conception of cinema is one in which the figure is subsumed into the landscape. Much like Endo's novel, Shinoda's film is eventually Buddhist in form, as it puts forth a vision in which the elements of nature are to be worshipped. This Zen-like approach makes the concerns of communicating the sufferings of the Christians seem paradoxical, for the film in itself takes a paganistic approach to the content.
For Shinoda, the struggle is not between an individual and their faith but between the individual and nature. Cinema has the ability to transform words into spaces. Shinoda's approach to space is closer to a documentary. They carefully place the camera at a distance, almost making nature a character with the landscape as its face. This is communicated in a carefully constructed colour scheme. Whereas Christianity is communicated through human-made warm tones such as reds and light browns, the Buddhist elements of nature are communicated in cool greens and blues. This creates a number of interesting juxtapositions. The figure of Christ, represented by Rodrigues, is invariably dressed in an inorganic red and placed in a natural background comprising cool tones.
Shinoda's cinema often crossed genres, evading easy classification. Silence nestles within the jidai-geki, or the historical drama genre. Jidai-geki uses historical content, with the lead character, invariably the samurai, presenting a vision of contemporary Japanese society. In Silence, the intolerance of the Buddhists is pitted against the fate of Rodrigues, who becomes the opposite of what they seem to preach, thus underlining the hypocrisy of Japanese mores.
The film uses variable techniques and approaches to tell Endo's story. The documentary style of naturalism is juxtaposed with architectural interiority, and the two create a tension that translates into a cinematic grid, with light serving as its basis. The ending, which contradicts Rodrigues's ideas on fidelity, is communicated through freeze frames belonging to that most anarchic mode of film-making – the avant-garde or experimental approach.
Silence is a masterpiece for its ability to translate the novel's concerns at the level of content into cinematographic concerns at the level of form. Most importantly, it is able to integrate the visions of the novelist and film director with the vision of cinema to produce a satisfying cinematic experience that transcends mere storytelling.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge students have been accused of using fake disabled badges to park adding to ‘chaos' on a city street.
That's according to residents who told councillors as they complained about students from Anglia Ruskin University (ARU).
County council chiefs have now warned fraudsters using fake blue badges they face a fine of up to £1,000.
Minutes of a Cambridge City Council area committee revealed a raft of gripes about Bradmore Street, off East Road.
Residents Jenny Kirner and Mairin Lennon raised concerns at the meeting of the east area committee.
They asked that measures be taken to “address the chaos being experienced in Bradmore Street as a result of the creation of an entrance to ARU in the street”.
The minutes went on: “Residents were unable to access their parking during the day, elderly residents were intimidated by difficult roads and pavements, and those with lung conditions were suffering from air pollution.
“Also, the plane trees were continuing to block out the light from people's homes.
“Mairin Lennon added that some students appeared to be making use of falsely obtained blue badges, as was shown in a morning check by traffic wardens, and that access to the Bradmore Court car park was made difficult by parents dropping children off.
“There was also obstruction caused by taxis dropping passengers off opposite parked cars.”
Cllr Kevin Blencowe told the meeting that the ARU Estates Department had told them recently that works to the trees on Bradmore Street and Broad Street were scheduled for April 11.
The minutes said: “There clearly was inconsiderate parking on Bradmore Street. Local members raised this regularly with the various parties involved in enforcement.
"When ARU had obtained permission to build on its former car park, the understanding had been that students and staff would travel to ARU by other means, but some staff members seemed to be trying to park in local streets.”
Ms Kirner suggested measures to tackle the problem could include traffic calming restrictions, an increase in the hours of the residents' parking scheme, and a taxi rank on Parkside, which would be an easy walk from ARU.”
Cambridgeshire County Council is responsible for the city's traffic wardens.
A spokesperson said: “It is a criminal offence to commit blue badge fraud. A badge can be withdrawn if it is misused or the badge holder allows others to misuse it. Misusing a badge can also lead to a fine of up to £1,000.”
Cllr Blencowe is investigating the issue. Anglia Ruskin University did not respond to a request for comment.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A swimming pool in Newmarket has turned bright pink to support the fight against cancer.
The water of the town's leisure centre's pool was dyed a fluorescent shade to raise awareness for 2018's Race for Life event today (May 30).
Its temporary makeover coincided with a family fun session, allowing children and adults to splash around in the colourful water.
Staff from the Leisure Centre were also busking in reception and the café sold special pink cupcakes to raise money for Cancer Research UK.
(Image: David Johnson Photographic)
Cancer Research UK's Race for Life, is a women-only series of events which raises millions of pounds every year to help beat 200 different types of cancer.
This year's Race for Life 5K and 10k events return to Cambridge's Jesus Green on Sunday, July 8.
(Image: David Johnson Photographic)
According to Cancer Research UK, survival rates for cancer diagnoses have doubled since the 1970s due to advances in research.
The charity continues to fundraise locally to keep improving patients' chances of survival.
(Image: David Johnson Photographic)
Gill Burgess, Race for Life event manager, said: "We hope local women will feel inspired to act now and join thousands of women to help us beat cancer sooner."
(Image: David Johnson Photographic)
They added: "Taking part in Race for Life, alongside thousands of like-minded women, is incredibly motivating.
"The atmosphere at all the events is full of emotion as participants wear signs on their backs declaring their reasons for taking part."
You can still enter the Race for Life by going to raceforlife.org.
There could be more trouble ahead for Ryanair.
Cabin crew could now engage in industrial action following the pilot's decision to strike.
Dublin-based pilots are planning to strike for 24 hours next Thursday.
Now, there's a chance cabin crew from across Europe could follow suit at some stage
They've issued bosses with a list of demands they want met on pay, annual leave and pensions.
They're also angry they have to pay for water on the job, and say calling in sick is really difficult.
Ryanair cabin crew from across Europe have issued management with a series of demands they want met. They haven't ruled out industrial action. #ryanair pic.twitter.com/1uRhPH30U9 — Stephanie Grogan (@StephGrogan3) July 4, 2018
This campaign represents around 8,000 workers – and comes under the banner Cabin Crew United.
It will be up to each union in each country to decide if they'll engage in industrial action or not if their demands aren't met.
However, union official Oliver Richardson isn't ruling it out, saying: "We are a federation. We don't call strike action... strike action is called by our affiliates.
"As a federation, would we support as best as we could those affiliates in taking that action? Of course we would."
This charter of demands will now be given to Ryanair bosses while passengers wait to see if their travel plans could be affected.
Michigan's superintendent is dropping a plan to give a letter grade to every public school and instead will issue a report card showing indicators such as each school's proficiency on the state exam.
Superintendent Brian Whiston had intended to develop the A-F grading system as part of an effort to make Michigan a top state for education. But the concept, while supported by some Republicans in the GOP-led Legislature, is controversial and has been questioned by many in the education community.
Two officials who were briefed by Whiston -- State Board of Education member Tom McMillin and Michigan Association of School Administrators Executive Director Chris Wigent -- told The Associated Press that the state Department of Education's default accountability plan will be a "dashboard" format with no grades.
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
After Kevin Spacey was excised from the upcoming movie All the Money in the World (his scenes to be reshot with Christoper Plummer), I modestly proposed that Hollywood remove and reshoot Spacey's scenes in Beyond the Sea and The Usual Suspects, and destroy all copies of American Beauty — that hackneyed attempt at a takedown of suburban America. This expungement, I said in jest, was the required remedy for Spacey's sexual assaults and related misconduct.
Now I learn that Minnesota Public Radio has expunged Garrison Keillor — also accused of sexual misconduct, albeit vastly less severe than Spacey's. According to this report:
Garrison Keillor has been disappeared into the Memory Hole. If you look for their biography or the archived shows from a half century of “A Prairie Home Companion” on the website of Minnesota Public Radio since their fall from grace, you'll now find only this: “Sorry, but there's no page here.” Keillor and their entire body of work from “A Prairie Home Companion” and “Writer's Almanac” have been effectively erased from the archives of MPR, along with the work of all the other storytellers, singers, poets and production staff who made the shows successful.
Keillor was never my cup of tea, but I agree with Rod Dreher:
The MPR panic is what you would expect from a Stalinist regime dealing with figures who have fallen out of ideological failure. . . . If you only chose to partake of art, music, and literature created by morally upstanding persons, you'd quickly come to the end of what's available. Museums would empty out. Concert halls would fall silent. Bookstores would have to be repurposed as yoga studios, and movie theaters as hipster churches. The unfortunate truth is that bad, or at least deeply flawed, people often make the best art.
For some on the radical left, Dreher's list of consequences is probably a feature, not a bug. On college campuses, there are said to be those who don't want “Whitey” and their culture to be studied, except perhaps as a specimen of evil, with safe spaces available if the examination becomes too intense.
Dreher concludes with this ominous passage:
I hear from readers who grew up in Communist countries, and who tell me that they sense more and more the same atmosphere of their youth coming into existence here. This erasing of Keillor and their enormous and valuable creative legacy from history has to be setting off their internal alarms.
It has set off mine.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There are fears the Queen and other members of their family could be put at risk as detailed flight plans of Royal helicopter flights are made public days in advance, it was reported.
The exact routes and times of the trips are available to the public 48 hours before take-off.
The move has sparked fears that terrorists could use the details to launch an attack against the Royal Family.
Detailed plans are released in advance in a bid to warn private aircraft pilots and drone operators to minimise the risk of a collision with a helicopter following a number of near-misses with drones.
(Image: Getty)
Plans were available for a Royal helicopter trip from Windsor Castle to Cheltenham in Gloucestershire on Friday, the Mail on Sunday reported.
The newspaper said it used co-ordinates given in the plans to photograph Prince Andrew boarding a Sikorsky S756 helicopter after visiting the GCHQ spy headquarters in Cheltenham before returning to Windsor.
Earlier plans revealed a Thursday trip from Kensington Palace to Membury airfield in Berkshire, where Princess Anne had visited a stud farm.
(Image: Jeff J Mitchell)
It was the first time a Royal helicopter flight plan was made available to the public under the current alert system.
Dai Davies, former head of royal protection, said: "This gives me grave concern as to the overall risk potential.
"Why bother spending millions of pounds on protecting the Royal Family on the ground, then make this information available in advance? I just despair."
Security expert Professor Anthony Glees expressed fears that publishing flight plans in advance would encourage "terrorists, mad people and pranksters".
(Image: Press Association)
They said the flight plans should be kept secret.
Pilots and drone operators are required to check the Notice to Airmen (Notam) safety alert system for potential hazards before flying their aircraft.
The alerts - involving Royal, private and civilian aircraft - are posted by the Civil Aviation Authority and air traffic controller Nats online and on airspace mapping apps.
Notam alerts started including details of Royal helicopter flights last week following a risk assessment, it was reported.
The CAA told the Mail on Sunday that the Royal Household had decided to publish the flight information.
A spokesperson for the Royal Household declined to comment.
The Weinstein Co. Files For Bankruptcy, Cancels Non-Disclosure Agreements
Enlarge this image toggle caption Richard Shotwell/AP Richard Shotwell/AP
The Weinstein Company Holdings LLC announced that it has filed for voluntary bankruptcy and entered into an agreement to sell its assets to a Dallas-based equity firm.
It also announced that it is ending all nondisclosure agreements that prevented victims of alleged sexual misconduct at the hands of disgraced Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein from talking about their experiences.
The Weinstein Co. will enter into a "stalking horse" agreement with an affiliate of Lantern Capital Partners in conjunction with entering into bankruptcy proceedings.
"Under the agreement, Lantern will purchase substantially all of the assets of the Company, subject to certain conditions including approval of the Bankruptcy Court. The Board selected Lantern in part due to Lantern's commitment to maintain the assets and employees as a going concern," said the company in a statement released late Monday.
But it was the second and third paragraphs of the statement that are likely to draw even greater attention in light of the many women who have come forward to accuse Weinstein of sexually harassment and abuse.
"Today, the Company also takes an important step toward justice for any victims who have been silenced by Harvey Weinstein. Since October, it has been reported that Harvey Weinstein used non-disclosure agreements as a secret weapon to silence their accusers. Effective immediately, those "agreements" end. The Company expressly releases any confidentiality provision to the extent it has prevented individuals who suffered or witnessed any form of sexual misconduct by Harvey Weinstein from telling their stories. No one should be afraid to speak out or coerced to stay quiet. The Company thanks the courageous individuals who have already come forward. Your voices have inspired a movement for change across the country and around the world."
The announcement comes after a group of investors, led by former Obama administration official, Maria Contreras-Sweet, tried and failed to purchase the assets of The Weinstein Co. earlier this month. That deal, which would have re-invented the firm as a female-run company, collapsed upon the discovery of debt previously unknown by the investors.
Weinstein has been accused of raping or sexually assaulting many women over decades.
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who has brought suit against The Weinstein Co., Harvey Weinstein and their brother, Bob Weinstein, issued a statement praising the announcement.
The devastating aftermath of the Maryland helicop
Woman launches into a catfight after they spot they
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cannibal rats have been seen eating each other on the subway in New York City.
Gruesome footage shows two of the vicious-looking animals feasting on a dead rat.
They appear to be eating the face and brains of the rat as a second lies dead on the floor nearby.
As they scurry over the corpse of their fellow rodent, battling for scraps, one of the feeding rats leaves the other rat to greedily scoff the remains alone.
(Photo: w4chi /Liveleak)
When the rat is disturbed by the person filming by being poked with a box, it refuses to budge and stubbornly continues feasting.
They eventually leave the corpse momentarily before returning from a different angle and continuing to knaw on the head of their fellow rodent.
(Photo: w4chi /Liveleak)
Rats have been known to eat other rats as a way of preventing predators from smelling the bodies.
HUNTSVILLE, Texas — Marcus Harris scored a career-high 28 points to lead Sam Houston State to an 84-77 win over Abilene Christian on Saturday night.
Harris was 14 of 15 from the free throw line, equaling the number of free throws that the Abilene Christian team made. The Bearkats finished with 26 of 32 free-throw attempts.
Christopher Galbreath Jr. had 21 points and Jamal Williams chipped in 16 for Sam Houston State (14-10, 8-3 Southland Conference), which is now just one game behind league leaders Nicholls and New Orleans.
The Bearkats led for most of the game, taking a 43-32 advantage into the break. Abilene Christian worked its way back into contention and closed to 62-61 with 8:06 remaining following Tevin Foster's trey. Harris and Cameron Delaney made four straight free throws and Harris nailed a 3 to extend the lead to 69-63. Harris made nine free throws down the stretch to seal the win.
Apple's latest software update for the iPhone and iPad brings a long overdue, helpful new feature: the ability to sync Messages across your various Apple devices in iCloud.
The feature, which arrives only a few days ahead of Apple's next Worldwide Developer's Conference, had been previewed at last year's WWDC.
What it lets you do is store your messages, photos and other attachments in iCloud to free up space on your devices. It might also bail you out of real trouble should you ever lose your phone or tablet. That's because you'll be able to get to your messages when you sign in to a new device.
Conversations are encrypted.
Keep in mind that if you delete messages and conversations from one device, they are automatically removed on all those devices.
You can fetch iOS 11.4 on your iPhone by tapping Settings, General, Software Update.
From there you must enable Messages in iCloud. Here's how: Tap Settings and tap your name at the top of the screen. Then tap iCloud and tap the Messages switch so that green is showing rather than gray. You'll have to do this for each device.
IOS 11.4, which also brought stereo pairing and multi-room audio capabilities to Apple's Siri-driven HomePod speaker, won't be the latest release of iOS for long. At WWDC on Monday, Apple is expected to showcase iOS 12.
Email: ebaig@usatoday.com; Follow USA TODAY Personal Tech Columnist @edbaig on Twitter
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
× Elsberry man killed, son charged with murder
LINCOLN COUNTY, Mo. – Lincoln County prosecutors charged an Elsberry man with homicide after the man confessed to killing their father.
Brandon Spies, 23, went to Elsberry Police Department on Saturday night and banged on the door. They told them they had stabbed their father in the neck during an argument. Police said they told the officer that answered the door, “I murdered my father.”
Detectives searched the home on the 700 block of Lincoln Street and found a bloody knife in the house and the victim, 53-year-old Richard Spies, in the basement.
Spies was charged with second-degree murder and armed criminal action. He's being held at the Lincoln County Jail under a $500,000 cash-only bond.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bomb hoaxers who forced schools to evacuate today after sending tens of thousands of 'threats' were rivals quarreling about popular game Minecraft, it is claimed.
Terrifying messages claimed that devices had been placed on school grounds, and would be detonated if demands were not met.
It is understood that 24,000 threatening emails were sent to schools and colleges across the UK.
Now Sky News reports that the ominous messages were sent to make authorities believe it was sent from a player-versus-player server, in an elaborate plot to get it shut down.
Server VeltPvP was targeted by Minecraft players who felt other users had unfairly harassed them, it is claimed.
One of the alleged plotters told Sky News when asked if they regretted their actions: "It is horrible, it's not the nicest thing."
A Twitter account linked to the VeltPvP network wrote this afternoon: "We have nothing to do with the bomb threats that were sent out to the 400+ UK schools.
"We've been being harassed by a group of cyber criminals that are trying to harass us in anyway possible.
"We're extremely sorry for anyone who had to deal with this, but just know it's fake."
In a further Tweet it wrote: "People are messed up in the head, hope whoever did this gets caught and justice is served."
Minecraft has sold more than 144 million copies across the world, making it the second most popular video game of all time, behind Tetris.
It sees players build at 3D world, and combat other gamers.
(Image: Microsoft)
A number of schools in London have been evacuated while Northumbria Police confirmed a large number had also received threats - but were not evacuated.
The threats - not being treated as genuine - are believed to have come from the United States and have been sent across the UK.
The threat email is believed to read: "This is a message to everyone. We have sent in a student with a bomb. The bomb is set to go off in 3 hours time. If you do send $5,000 USD to payments@veltpvp.com
"If you do not send the money! We will blow up the device. Our site has all the information needed
"If you try to call the cops we WILL blowup the device on the SPOT! ANY attempt at defusing it your self will cause it to explode."
It is then followed by Arabic writing.
(Image: SWNS.com)
One student told the Bristol Post : “We are in the middle of a lockdown. We haven't been told told anything by the teachers or police, but they are searching our bags.
“All of the other year groups are affected.
“We were told there were a number of incidents in Bristol this morning.
“I spoke to my father who rang the police and my dad told me many schools across the country have received several threats.
“The police are currently searching our bags and persons for unknown items.
“We have been told not to leave the classrooms, and have been told very little.
“We are scared and confused and have no idea what is going on.”
(Image: Google)
At 11.10am the Metropolitan Police tweeted: "Police are investigating reports of communications made to a number of schools across London today, Monday, 19 March.
"There have been no arrests. Enquiries are ongoing."
North Yorkshire Police have branded the threats a "hoax".
He's been very public with their support of Khattra, actively helping their campaign in Cambridge and often appearing by their side at local events.
PC party members in Cambridge, meanwhile, have complained that Khattra is an opportunist, parachuting into a community she's never lived or worked in because it appears to be a winnable seat for the Tories.
They used an Alberta driver's licence to fill out their candidate's application form, and still works at a dental practice they own in Calgary. But with Saini's help, she's been able to sign up hundreds of new memberships, which she'll need to win the local nomination.
That process itself has been highly controversial. The PC party came under fire after it overruled the local riding association and bumped up the nomination meeting by a month, cutting off the deadline to sign up supporters.
After party members protested, alleging that decision ended the race prematurely to benefit Khattra, the PCs backtracked and cancelled the nomination meeting.
One former candidate, Paul Brown, dropped out of the race afterward because of concerns about Khattra's candidacy, and the appearance that they have the backing of powerful people within party headquarters.
The PC party, meanwhile, maintains it has not tried to influence the local nomination meeting and has declined to talk about Khattra or any other candidate until they win the nomination.
Khattra told their supporters they won't address their residency issue because it's a distraction to their campaign.
"It's time to strengthen the Ontario Progressive Conservative Party to face the election together. This is what majority of the general membership and constituencies want me to do instead of being distracted," they wrote, in their post.
They also claimed the questions about their candidacy were being driven by people with agendas.
"Let's put the differences and unnecessary fear created by vested people away and work together to select the best candidate to represent all of us. I would be honoured, if the membership chooses me to represent the riding of Cambridge and North Dumfries," they said.
Khattra's Facebook post has not been well-received. Most comments have been critical of the candidate, while others have urged them to drop out of the race.
Jim Karahalios, a Cambridge riding association board member who's leading a campaign to make nomination contests more transparent and democratic, said Khattra's statement doesn't do anything to address the criticism around them candidacy.
"By ignoring the questions regarding their residency, I read Tanya's statement as an admission that they actually don't have an answer to these questions because they actually live in Calgary," they said.
gmercer@therecord.com , Twitter: @MercerRecord
Lance Cpl. Thomas Ratterman, chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear defense specialist with Combat Logistics Regiment 45, 4th Marine Logistics Group, Marine Forces Reserve collect samples of an unknown chemical substance during an assessment and consequence management team training exercise at Marine Corps Support Facility, New Orleans, Feb. 8, 2017. During the exercise, Marines practiced responding to a chemical threat. The Marines conducted area reconnaissance, sample collection and classification of unknown substances. (Unites States Marine Corps photo by Sgt. Ian Ferro/Published)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.08.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 18:32 Photo ID: 3165359 VIRIN: 170214-M-TI204-020 Resolution: 5760x3840 Size: 2.54 MB Location: NEW ORLEANS, LA, US Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Chemical, Biological, Radiological and Nuclear Marines Participate Advanced Training [Image 1 of 10], by Sgt Ian Ferro, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fulfilling the needs and demands of teenagers at Christmas can be a daunting task.
You'll almost re-mortgage the house satisfying their latest desires, and before you know it, they will be onto the next craze.
Ahead of Christmas 2017, we've collected some of the best gift ideas for teenagers - whether they love music, beauty or something a little more out of the ordinary. Our handy list has a little bit for everyone's tastes (and budgets).
And once you've got the teenager's gifts sorted, you can find even more present ideas for the rest of the family - including for gifts for them or for kids.
If you're looking for fun advent calendars for adults or kids, we've rounded up the best alcoholic advent calendars and the best alternative beauty and toys ones too.
Ideal for Harry Potter fans that also like to zone out for a little while and have some time to themselves, this colouring book features all their favourite characters and settings from J.K Rowling's famous books.
Containing stunning pieces of artwork from the Warner Bros archive, avid HP fans will love this little collectable.
2. Soap and Glory Hello Super Spa, £20, Boots
(Image: Boots)
If your teenagers are just beginning to get into make-up and beauty, then this is the perfect set of little bits to get them started.
We love a bit of Soap and Glory, especially their famous body butter, 'Scrub Of Your Life' exfoliator and 'Sexy Motherpucker' lip gloss.
3. Tubular Shadow Shoes, £59.95, Adidas
(Image: adidas)
No teenager can ever have enough trainers. Browse the Adidas outlet online for fashionable shoes at lower prices than you'll find on the rest of the high street.
We like the look of these tubular shadow shoes are one of the top sellers at the moment, and there's plenty of colour and size options for both girls and boys.
4. Nicky Clarke Curling Tong, £34.99, Boots
(Image: Boots)
Not only does it look super pretty, but it also apparently helps to rehydrate and nourish your hair too, thanks to its ionic steam conditioning technology.
It also has a 60 minute auto-shut off feature, to give you that peace of mind if your teenagers are a little bit forgetful.
5. Marshmallow Toasting Kit, £19, Naked Marshmallow
(Image: Not On The High Street)
Whether you know a hardcore marshmallow fan or just someone with a sweet tooth, this toasting kit is a fun way to enjoy a classic winter festivity inside.
The kit includes any two flavours of gourmet marshmallow, as well as the toaster, skewers and a how-to guide, all presented in a nice gift box.
(Image: Amazon)
Clarisonics are all the rage right now, but come at a big cost. Get the same cleansing feeling minus the huge price tag with this vibra-sonic face brush.
7. What Do You Meme? Game, £30, Urban outfitters
(Image: Amazon)
It's not Christmas without a card game, and this one will provide a few more laughs than Scrabble, and certainly fewer arguments. It's basically carding Against Humanity... but with memes.
You can compete against your friends and family to put the best caption on each picture card. This one is guaranteed to have you in fits of laughter.
8. Ted Baker Pouting Petals, £14, Boots
(Image: Ted Baker)
If the teen you're buying for is a big fan of make-up, they will no doubt love this Ted Baker set of lipsticks in three blushing shades.
As well as coming in pretty rose gold tubes, they're also wrapped up together in a fancy copper bow. This gift set is also part of Boot's big 3 for 2 on gifting sale right now too.
(Image: Next)
Trendy clothing brand Hype is all across the high street right now, so if you're looking for fashion that they'll love that won't break the bank, this might just be the answer.
There are plenty of different styles to choose from on the Next site, and all priced around £20.
(Image: Not On the High Street)
Add a touch of magic to the bath with a fun bath bomb that will no doubt be shared all over social media.
And it doesn't just look good... it also soothes and moisturises skin, while providing a lot of colorful bubble fun.
11. Neon Flamingo Light, £32, Amazon
(Image: amazon)
This super quirky light is a real crowd pleaser that will not only catch the eyes of tweens, but will have grown-ups pining for one too. We want one for ourselves...
(Image: Instax)
Instant cameras are making a comeback as we all try to capture our favourite memories in physical form, rather than saving them on a smartphone never to be seen again.
This fun piece of tech is small enough to fit into your bag and comes in a range of different colours.
(Image: Prezzy Box)
A game where you literally just have to throw poop at your friends to score, this will provide a fair few giggles on Christmas day.
Ideal for siblings who consistently call each other a poo head, now they can fight it out to find out who really is.
(Image: Not On The High Street)
Why is it that being a teenager comes hand in hand with needing twenty-thousand different products for your skin, hair and body?
Keep them tidy with this understated bag that can be personalised with its recipient's initials. Very posh.
15. American Candy hamper, £21.95, Amazon
Know a teenager with a sweet tooth? They will love this box of treats that they'll recognise from all their favourite American films.
And if they don't... Well, there's probably an adult in the house willing to take it off their hands.
16. iPhone 7 Smart Battery Case, £99, Apple
Being a teenager in 2017 appears to solely consist of staring at a phone screen. This is where the smart battery case comes in.
Providing 22 hours of Internet use and 24 hours of video playback, giving them the elixir of life will surely grant you best present status?
Teenagers are forever trying out a new adventure, so why not treat them to a Segway session for two?
The day will see them learn how to ride a Segway and eventually race their best mate on it at the end of the activity. The only question is, who will win the bragging rights on the way home?
Restaurant chain, Nando's, is giving away free chicken to A-level students across the UK this week.
“On August 17 anyone picks up their A-Level (or equivalent) results will be able to grab themselves a free quarter chicken or Firestarter* on that day,” a Nando's spokesperson confirmed.
Nando's
“Just bring your results papers, ID and spend a minimum of seven pounds in any restaurant across the UK (excluding Scotland) and you will be eligible.
“Don't worry Nando's don't need to see your grades, unless you want to brag about them!”
The deal does not include Wing Roulette or All Together Now and the offer is open to students who are legal residents of the UK with the exception of Scotland.
The offer runs until 17th August 2017 and can only be redeemed once.
For more information and the terms and conditions visit the Nandos website.
Old family wounds are reopened during a treacherous, blood-splattered journey through Wyoming to track down a valuable deeded property in a gritty Western from Spur Award-winning author Matthew P. Mayo.
North of Forsaken is the second book in Mayo's all-action Roamer Western series featuring the exceedingly ugly, antisocial hero Scorfano, nicknamed Roamer by their long-time buddy Maple Jack because of their nomadic lifestyle. A tough, six-foot four loner with ‘vile features' – a cleft lip, ‘pocked cheeks,' an ‘oft-broken nose,' a ‘blocky head,' and beady, deep-set eyes – Roamer exhibits the sort of demeanour that is more associated with ‘outlaws and bad men thinking bad thoughts and doing dark deeds.'
Trouble tends to follow them ‘like a half-starved dog after a meat wagon' and they arouse suspicion in townsfolk wherever they go.
In the previous novel, Wrong Town, published by Robert Hale in 2008, the luckless hero was mauled by a grizzly bear, robbed by callous bandits, and then jailed for a murder they didn't commit. Ill fortune follows them once more in this newest adventure, set three years later.
When they make an unfortunate supply stop at ‘the grubby little flyblown town of Forsaken,' Roamer is recognised by an arrogant young dandy named Thomas, the younger brother they haven't seen for fifteen years.
Thomas is unaware that they share the same parents, something Roamer considers ‘nothing they ever need know.' Having been disowned at birth by their parents, ‘ignored as the firstborn son,' Roamer was given to the head cook Mimsy and raised by this harsh woman as an orphaned servant boy in their own ancestral home. When they discovered the harsh secret, they promptly packed their bags and ran away, aged thirteen, never to return.
Thomas' unexpected appearance serves only to reawaken repressed childhood memories and add unwanted complications to Roamer's life. In fact, within hours of this chance meeting, Roamer is assaulted in the street, imprisoned on trumped-up charges and ‘railroaded' into acting as an escort to their brother and a pretty yet shady woman named Carla who Thomas met on the stagecoach.
Feeling an obligation to their brother for bailing them out of jail, concerned for the boy's safety and wary of Carla, whom they believe is a gold digger, Roamer agrees to lead their expedition north in search of property Thomas has recently inherited.  They are also curious to see their brother's inheritance, substantial land that is rightfully Roamer's.
They quickly discover that they are being pursued by a ruthless gang of cut-throats, led by ‘a burly cow of a woman,' intent on stealing the deeds and claiming the land for themselves.
Fortunately, for the reader as much as the trio, part way through this exciting, violent, and remarkably perilous journey, the crotchety old-timer Maple Jack decides to take part in the action. Jack, a trapper from New England who has become a reclusive mountain man, is a familiar face in Mayo's work, having appeared in a number of the author's short stories. They play a welcome larger role in this tale, providing some much-needed humour to the proceedings.
At one point, the grizzled, plucky old man is beaten unconscious, trussed up ‘tighter than bark on birch,' and trapped in a burning log cabin. The only thing this accomplishes is to give Jack a ‘frazzled head' and provide them with enough good material for yet another of their rambling tales.
Solidly entertaining, and with a strong line-up of cold-blooded villains, North of Forsaken marks the long overdue return of Roamer, Mayo's most noteworthy lead character. Expect plenty of gunplay, ambushes, bloody corpses and thrilling shootouts.
(Five Star, hardcover, £21.00)
CLOSE Tennessee held a press conference to announce the "start of a new era" with the naming of Phil Fulmer as the new acting athletics director. PROVIDED/UT Athletics
UT Director of Athletics John Currie attends during the UT Board of Trustees fall meeting in Hollingsworth Auditorium in Knoxville, Tennessee on Friday, November 3, 2017. Items that were discussed included outsourcing decisions, updates on Neyland Stadium renovations and system-wide policies regarding free speech and smoking. (Photo: Calvin Mattheis, Knoxville News Sentinel)
When the University of Tennessee announced the hiring of a new head football coach Thursday, a collective sigh of relief could be heard throughout Knoxville.
The hire of Alabama defensive coordinator Jeremy Pruitt marks the end of a chaotic two weeks - but the turmoil of the coaching search, involving back and forth with several candidates and the suspension of the athletics director, will have lingering effects, including millions of dollars in potential buyout and legal costs.
Sign Up: Get breaking news headlines in your email.
That includes an original estimate of nearly $13.7 million in buyouts for former coach Butch Jones and their staff, even though that figure likely will be reduced, and a potential $5.5 million buyout for Athletics Director John Currie if they are fired without cause.
CLOSE University of Tennessee head coach Jeremy Pruitt speaks about who they see as the Vols' opponents during their introduction ceremony in the Neyland Stadium Peyton Manning Locker Room Thursday, Dec. 7, 2017.
There's also the potential for costs associated with the university withdrawing on a contract Currie reportedly signed with coaching prospect Greg Schiano before reneging on the deal after fan backlash.
"There's a number of potential legal ramifications and settlement costs and buy out costs," said B. David Ridpath, associate professor of sports business at Ohio University. "I definitely think there's going to be more. I really don't anticipate John Currie walking away with nothing. I'd be really surprised. And I'd also be surprised if Schiano actually took action, but that all remains to be seen."
$13 million in buyouts for Jones and staff will likely be less
At the time of Jones' firing in November, Currie said the total cost of buyouts for them and their staff could total around $13 million.
Read more: Butch Jones fired: What's in football coach's termination letter from Vols AD John Currie
That cost will likely be reduced, however, after reports Friday that one of Jones' assistants likely will remain at UT under Pruitt and another has been hired at Mississippi State.
Tom Satkowiak, spokesperson for the UT athletics department, said in an email Friday that it's "way too early" to estimate a cost for the buyouts given that they will depend on the salaries that Jones' assistants land at new jobs.
ESPN reported Friday that defensive coordinator Bob Shoop will be filling the same job at Mississippi State. Shoop was Jones' highest paid assistant and would have been due a buyout of $1.3 million if they were terminated without cause.
Running backs coach Robert Gillespie is also expected to stay at UT under Pruitt, meaning that they would not be due a buyout of $595,000.
Jones, meanwhile, is due an $8,257,580 buyout that they are scheduled to receive in monthly installments through February 2021, the end date of their current contract.
Language in each coach's contract states that the cost of buyouts could be reduced depending on when the coaches find new employment. Each is required to make a "reasonable best effort" to obtain another comparable job.
If the coach finds a new job, the buyout would be offset by their new salary.
Will Schiano be owed money?
Other costs that could add up for UT include the potential for a $5.5 million buyout for Currie and any costs that could arise from an agreement with coaching prospect Schiano.
UT sophomore Jake Tidwell chants outside of the UT Athletics offices during a gathering of Vol fans reacting to the possible hiring of Ohio State Buckeyes defensive coordinator Greg Schiano for UT head coach outside of Neyland Stadium in Knoxville, Tennessee on Sunday, November 26, 2017. (Photo: Calvin Mattheis/News Sentinel)
Currie and Schiano reportedly signed an agreement about the job before the deal unraveled at the last minute following backlash from fans and state politicians.
The outrage centered around unsubstantiated claims that Schiano may have known about child sex abuse by Jerry Sandusky while both worked at Penn State.
The agreement, however, was not signed by UT Knoxville Chancellor Beverly Davenport, calling into question the legality of the document.
"A contract doesn't even have to be in writing to be a contract," Ridpath said. "I know Beverly Davenport didn't sign the memo, but certainly an athletic director has the authority to (make a verbal offer)."
The USA TODAY NETWORK - Tennessee has requested a copy of the agreement but the university has yet to make it available.
Asked about the potential of any money owed to Schiano, UT Knoxville Vice Chancellor for Communications Ryan Robinson said Friday the university "isn't going to talk about other candidates that were interviewed during this search."
Whether the university ends up facing legal costs associated with the deal also has a lot to do with how Schiano wants to play the outcome, Ridpath said. They said they would be surprised if Schiano chooses to take legal action against UT.
"He may just want this to go away or chalk it up to a bad experience because right now he's in a situation where they have a pretty good job and he's probably wanting to rehab themselves from a coaching perspective," Ridpath said.
"If they did sue, that might make them be looked at as more of a risk. A president or athletic director might say, 'Why would I hire them if he's suing Tennessee?'"
Likely Currie will get something out of UT
Currie, meanwhile, was suspended with pay last week and has been replaced by former head football coach Phil Fulmer.
Read more: John Currie out as AD; Phillip Fulmer takes charge
Currie's contract stipulates a buyout that pays $100,000 times the number of months remaining on the term of their deal for firing without cause.
Their buyout would thus total $5.5 million, with payments through June 2022, if they are fired without cause.
Tennessee Director of Athletics John Currie speaks during a press conference announcing new information concerning the Tennessee Lady Vols name, logo and brand at the Ray & Lucy Hand Digital Studio on the UT campus in Knoxville, Tennessee on Thursday, September 14, 2017. (Photo: Calvin Mattheis, Knoxville News Sentinel)
They would not receive a buyout if they were fired with cause. Their suspension is pending an investigation or decision relating to termination of their employment agreement for cause.
Ridpath said it's unlikely Currie would sue if they are fired without cause, for the same reason that Schiano might not sue - it wouldn't look good to prospective employers.
But if he's fired with cause, Ridpath said it could make it more likely that Currie would sue and that the university would likely agree to a settlement rather than go through a prolonged and public legal battle.
Either way, he's likely to be getting something out of UT.
There are also lingering questions as to whether Tennessee owes money to a second coaching prospect, Washington State's Mike Leach, whom Currie was reportedly meeting with in Los Angeles before being called back to Knoxville and suspended.
"I don't know if something was offered to Leach, either verbally or in writing, but maybe we haven't heard the end of this from Tennessee," Ridpath said. "Who knows what is going to happen?"
Obamacare Is First Item On Congress' Chopping Block
Enlarge this image toggle caption J. Scott Applewhite/AP J. Scott Applewhite/AP
Congress is back in session on Tuesday, and leaders of both houses say their first order of business will be to repeal Obamacare.
If they do that, it will be a slap in the face to President Barack Obama just three weeks before they leaf the White House. The Affordable Care is the outgoing president's signature achievement, marked by an elaborate signing ceremony in March 2010 at the White House, with lofty speeches from the vice president and Obama himself.
"Today, after almost a century of trying, today after over a year of debate, today, after all the votes have been tallied, health insurance reform becomes law in the United States of America," Obama said that day, to long applause from the assembled crowd.
And Joe Biden famously leaned over to remind the president that it was "a big ***ing deal."
But Republicans have been vowing to repeal the law since the day it passed, and they'll soon have a sympathetic president in the White House to sign whatever bill they send him.
"We will repeal the disaster known as Obamacare and create new health care, all sorts of reforms that work for you and your family," President-elect Donald Trump vowed last month in Orlando.
That new health care plan hasn't been fleshed out yet by Trump or their allies in Congress. So they say they'll vote to get rid of Obamacare, but delay its demise until they come up with a replacement that will cover the millions of people who have insurance thanks to the law.
But insurance companies and health care analysts are worried.
"I don't see how you talk to any [insurance] carrier and give them any desire to hang around to see what they replace it with," says Dr. Kavita Patel, an internist at Johns Hopkins University Hospital and senior fellow at the Brookings Institution. "Why would you stick around for that?"
Patel worked in the White House and helped create the Affordable Care Act. But she's not alone in their concern.
Last month the health insurance trade group America's Health Insurance Plans sent a letter to lawmakers asking them to keep in place many of the financial incentives that are central to the law — including subsidies for patients to help them buy insurance and cover copayments, and a provision that eliminates some taxes on insurers.
The American Academy of Actuaries also warned in its own letter that a repeal of the ACA without replacing it would be dangerous to the long-term health of the insurance market.
Still, Republicans appear determined to move ahead with the vote as soon as this week.
Some history:
Democrats rammed the Affordable Care Act through Congress in 2010 with no Republican support.
It was a huge, complicated law and, like most legislation, it was flawed. Over the subsequent six years, Republicans, who were angry at the way the Affordable Care Act was passed, refused to cooperate in any actions that would be seen as helping it succeed. Instead, they promised in speeches and television interviews to repeal it entirely. In fact, the House has voted more than 60 times over the years to do just that.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
"There's no getting around the fact that lots of Republicans campaigned hard against the ACA and a lot of them won, including the person at the top of the ticket," says James Capretta, a scholar at the conservative American Enterprise Institute.
But even with control of both chambers of Congress and with Trump in the White House, Republicans can't simply repeal Obamacare. They would need the help of at least a handful of Democrats to overcome a filibuster.
Democrats can't, however, filibuster budget bills. So Republican leaders have decided to defund Obamacare, eliminating the tax penalties for those who don't buy insurance and the subsidies to help people pay their premiums. Essentially, that guts the law's main elements.
The problem for Republicans is that today, an estimated 20 million people get their insurance through Obamacare. About 10 million buy policies through the exchanges set up by state and federal governments, and most of those patients get subsidies to help pay the premiums.
And millions more are covered because the law allows states to expand the number of people who are eligible for Medicaid, the health insurance program for the poor.
So people who had pre-existing conditions that shut them out of the insurance market before the ACA passed, or people who had reached insurer-imposed lifetime benefit limits, generally like the law.
But, then there are people like Will Denecke, who is mad because their insurance costs have gone up since Obamacare passed. Before the law was enacted, they spent about $340 a month on health insurance.
"Incredibly, we got a notice from my health care company, Moda, which has been having financial problems, that my premium was going up to $930," they said last October.
He's a self-employed urban planning consultant in Portland, Ore., and, unlike most people in Obamacare, they make too much money to qualify for government subsidies.
"I've had health insurance my whole life, but it's just offensive in principle to think of spending $1,000 a month on health care insurance when there is a good chance I won't need it," they said.
They were considering just letting their coverage lapse.
And, on the other side, you've got people like Leigh Kvetko of Dallas. They take 10 medications every day because she's had two organ transplant procedures, and the drugs are part of their daily regimen to survive. After Obamacare passed, they were able quit their job at a big company and start a business with their husband, because they could finally get individual insurance.
"This particular plan, the fact that they cannot discriminate against me because of how I was born, was a lifesaver, literally," they say.
House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady told the Washington Times last month that consumers needn't worry. "We can assure the American public that the plan they're in right now, the Obamacare plans, will not end on Jan. 20, that we're going to be prepared and ready with new options tailored for them," they said.
The well intervention industry is important to both the equipment manufacturers and the service operators. Owing to factors such as an increased demand for oil and the drop in replacement of depleting hydrocarbon reservoirs, the well intervention market is expected to experience a gradual increase in demand of well intervention.
So, there is a rise need for enhancement of production so as to meet the growing demand for energy, especially oil and gas, which is further driving the market for well intervention. The other factors driving the growth of the market are the increase in production of oil & gas and regeneration of aging fields/wells. However, the growth of the market is restrained by factors such as strict rules and regulations and the increasing focus on renewable energy.
Study Objectives of Well intervention Market:-
To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 5 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the global well intervention market
To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth
To analyse the global well intervention market based on various tools such as Supply Chain Analysis, and Porter's Five Force Analysis
To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to regions and their respective key countries
To be continued…….
Get Sample Report for more Information @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2810
Back in spring training, the Astros bristled at any suggestion that the Yankees were the team to beat this season, a claim lobbed at the defending world champs due to the winter blockbuster that brought Giancarlo Stanton, the reigning National League MVP, to the Bronx.
At the time, we sided with the Astros. They had the World Series trophy, and therefore the bragging rights. That's how it works.
But no longer.
Nearly four months later, the Yankees have settled the debate — at least until October — by winning five of the seven games between these two clubs, a statement punctuated by Wednesday night's 5-3 victory in the Bronx.
For now, we're leaving the Red Sox out of this. Boston currently has the best record (39-17) in the American League, so obviously they'll have something to say come playoff time. That's a different discussion. What went down at Yankee Stadium this week, and earlier this month in Houston, was a rematch of last October's thrilling ALCS, only these seven games turned out differently.
Luis Severino beat the Astros again, this time striking out 11 over seven innings Wednesday as they improved to 2-0 with a 1.13 ERA against the champs this season. Gary Sanchez snapped an 0-for-19 skid with a two-run single off Dallas Keuchel. David Robertson handled the top of the Astros' order in the eighth and Aroldis Chapman whiffed George Springer, who came to the plate as the tying run, to seal their 12th save.
Aaron Boone was reluctant to attach too much significance on humbling the Astros in May, but they aren't a Yankee last October. For him, there's no lingering pain from that ALCS loss, no score to be settled. To the new manager, Houston is just another obstacle. And from what Boone has witnessed so far, their Yankees are every bit the equal of the world champions. If not better.
“When we walk out through those doors, we walk out with the expectation that we're a great team,” Boone said afterward. “We put together a game plan and they execute it. The greatest trait of those guys in that room is that they never competing.”
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Conventional wisdom gave the Astros the edge to repeat this year because of their rotation superiority, led by Justin Verlander, who beat the Yankees twice in that ALCS to earn MVP honors. During this regular-season series, however, the Yankees showed there's a way around that blue-and-orange wall. Survive the starters, then pummel the softer Houston bullpen. In the seven games, the Yankees outscored the Astros, 27-20.
Maybe the Yankees were fortunate to miss Gerrit Cole entirely. But they outlasted Justin Verlander and Charlie Morton for two of the wins, and beat Keuchel twice.
“They have really good pitching over there,” Austin Romine said. “So we have to grind. You just have to keep chipping away.”
Keuchel entered Wednesday with a 1.74 ERA in seven regular-season starts against the Yankees, second only to the Red Sox's Chris Sale (1.73) among active pitchers. They also are 3-1 with a 1.61 ERA in four career starts in the Bronx, so in theory, Keuchel should have been a Verlander-caliber threat at Yankees Stadium for the series finale.
But Boone loaded up on righty bats for the occasion, leaving Didi Gregorius as the only lefthanded hitter — with Ronald Torreyes gone, the manager really had no other option at short. The Yankees scored their first three runs without the benefit of an extra-base hit (five singles, two walks, a sacrifice fly) as they relied more on savvy than pure slugging ability. A pair of doubles by Gleyber Torres and Aaron Hicks added insurance runs in the sixth, but the Yankees never left the yard — getting out-homered by the Astros' backup catcher Max Stassi, who shocked Severino by turning around their 99-mph heater in the fifth.
That was the only scratch on Severino, however. And should these two teams meet again in October, as everyone anticipates, the Yankees' ace has proven that he's capable of shutting down the defending champs — anywhere, anytime. The Yankees improved to 11-1 in Severino's starts this season, the best mark in the majors, and when asked if they expect to see the Astros again, they smiled.
“I don't know,” Severino said. “But I'll be ready. And my team will be ready to compete.”
VAUGHAN, Ont. — Swiss Chalet Rotisserie & Grill will accept voice orders through the Google Assistant App.
The restaurant chain owned by Cara Operations Ltd. says the voice order feature allows customers to place an order for pickup or delivery through the app.
Users need to open the app and say "Ok Google, order from Swiss Chalet," which will prompt them to select from menu options or reorder their last meal.
Swiss Chalet's announcement comes as the company has been making a concerted effort to integrate technology into its operations.
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22)
You could be pushing someone a little too hard without intending to. You have a magnetic personality, and many people cave in to your desires. Trust others to support themselves in doing things their own way.
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22)
You could be in the mood to make a radical change to a particular area of your life. Tap into your creativity to discover the easiest path possible. Be clear about your objectives. The results are likely to please you.
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22)
Stay on top of a personal matter. You could discover that the best way to make a grounded decision is to reflect on the issue and look for unusual solutions. Touch base with a child or family member who often seems to be totally dependent on you!
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21)
Try not to be so hard on yourself. You suddenly might start feeling uncomfortable around a person of interest. This person could be involved in your professional life to some capacity. Your feelings could be less than pleasant at this point in time.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21)
You could be overwhelmed by everything that someone expects from you. Do not go overboard, if you can help it. Observe a tendency to overspend. You need to be comfortable with what is happening. Refuse to allow a friend to pressure you.
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19)
You are energized and full of energy. You could be in the position of having to change a personal issue in order to make it more workable for you. A loved one could become almost like a muse for you, especially if you are indulging in a creative or artistic field.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18)
You can't seem to suppress your energy, no matter what you do. Indulge a loved one to the max. What you hear from a friend could surprise you. Be more forthright about your feelings, and you will gain a more positive experience as a result.
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20)
Deal with mounting tension sooner rather than later. You might not be sure about the best way to proceed. A friendship could play into your domestic situation, and might cause some conflict or jealousy between you and someone else.
NASHVILLE — The Nashville Predators have acquired forward Mark McNeill from the Dallas Stars for defenceman Andrew O'Brien.
The trade was made Saturday.
The 24-year-old McNeill has five goals, one assist and 36 penalty minutes in 18 games with the American Hockey League's Texas Stars this season. They have played in 312 AHL games since the 2011-12 season.
McNeill has played in two NHL games — one with Chicago in 2015-16 and one with Dallas in 2016-17.
The 25-year-old O'Brien has three points and 27 penalty minutes in 21 games for the AHL's Milwaukee Admirals this season. They have appeared in 188 career AHL regular-season games.
By The Associated Press
Gympie could be in for a very wet Wednesday.
Gympie could be in for a very wet Wednesday. Contributed
RAIN can spoil sports events. If you want to keep it away, carry an umbrella. Many people aren't aware of this well-known meteorological fact.
Many years ago as a budding reporter I was sent to cover the arrival in town of a CSIRO rainmaker, hired to get rid of a drought that had been around so long the frogs had to be taught how to spit.
I expected them to get off the plane with an armful of silver iodide crystals - the in-thing at the time for dropping on clouds to encourage them to do the right thing.
The only thing they carried was an umbrella.
I immediately had faith in this bloke. A rainmaker carrying an umbrella in a drought indicated they knew what they were about.
They were in town for a fair while but though they buzzed around rainmaking all over the place, the weather remained as dry as Pom's towel. Eventually they took their brolly back to Canberra without it getting wet.
The man should have known the only way to make it rain is to polish your car.
Up in Malaysia around this time they had a 93-year-old witchdoctor they called Uncle who was a non-rainmaker, which is a useful trade in a country that has more than its share of downpours. Uncle charged 40 bucks a day to make sure local sporting events weren't a washout.
At an inter-varsity carnival that they were hired to protect, the rain stayed away and the weather gurus said it would remain that way. On the last day it bucketed down.
Uncle was at a loss to explain this until they saw someone carrying an umbrella. They said that was why their anti-rainmaking spell wasn't working.
You'd think that after this the locals would have lost faith in Uncle. But no, when they dried off they hired them for the big Medeka soccer tournament in Kuala Lumpur.
It poured every day for the whole 10 days.
With their reputation as a non-rainmaker dampened, Uncle should have known the way to keep the rain away from sports events is to issue umbrellas to spectators when they enter the ground.
"It was a tie ballgame, things had gone our way to the point where Gary Harris goes up for a dunk," Curry said. "It was just one of those lucky kind of bounces, right to Jokic and they knock down a 3 and they get the crowd into it."
Harris joked they deserved an assist on the play but wasn't credited with one.
"It was definitely a pass and I'm sticking with it," they said.
Durant, who didn't attempt a shot in the first quarter, was 12 of 16 from the field the rest of the game. They had nine points in the fourth when Golden State appeared to take control, but Denver rallied to take a 102-99 lead on Barton's 3-pointer.
The Warriors still had a chance down 109-105 but Nick Young missed everything on a 3-point attempt. They and Durant were then hit with technicals and Jamal Murray hit the free throws with 28 seconds left.
"They hit some shots tonight," Durant said. "We made plays but down the stretch we couldn't get it done."
TIP-INS
Warriors: F David West (personal reasons) and Jordan Bell (left ankle) were out of the lineup. ... G Shaun Livingston returned after missing Friday's game for personal reasons. ... C JaVale McGee had five fouls in 6:15 but also finished with a game-high four blocks.
Nuggets: Trey Lyles had 15 points and 10 rebounds. ... F Mason Plumlee missed their third straight game with a right calf strain. ... F Wilson Chandler did not take part in the morning shootaround due to illness but was in the starting lineup and had five points in 23 minutes. ... The announced crowd of 20,103 is the largest for a Nuggets game in Pepsi Center history.
ONE-LEGGED MAN
Denver got a scare when Murray left the game with a right leg injury after they collided with Draymond Green on a drive into the lane less than a minute in. They went to the locker room and came back to the bench with their right thigh heavily wrapped.
Murray played 28 minutes and had 12 of their 15 points after halftime. After the game they got some treatment, and their teammates praised their effort.
"I was worried but then I remembered it was Jamal and they were going to figure a way to get back on the court," Harris said. "He's a tough kid. The bruise is going to be ugly in the morning but he's a competitor. He'll go out there and play on one leg. That's just the type of guy they are."
UP NEXT
Warriors: Host the Oklahoma City Thunder on Tuesday night.
Nuggets: Host the Charlotte Hornets on Monday night.
By Michael Kelly, The Associated Press
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Odinga said girls and women aged between 14 and 49 from the fastest growing populations in the country will not have children, because of a state-sponsored sterilization exercise that was sold to the country as a tetanus vaccination.
The Catholic Church was ignored when it mounted a strong but lonely campaign against the mass tetanus vaccination, after it raised concerns about the safety of the vaccine that was being used, they said.
At the time, the Catholic Church in Kenya claimed that the tetanus vaccine used by the government of Kenya and UN agencies was contaminated with a hormone (hCG) that can cause miscarriages and render some women sterile.
A state-sponsored forced sterilization on a massive scale has allegedly taken place in Africa according to opposition leaders and the public who are railing against the government. An industrial pharmaceutical laboratory has since had its license suspended by the Kenya Accreditation Service as a result of the controversy.Kenya's opposition leader Raila Odinga-who swore themselves in as president on Tuesday-The controversy began coming to a head in 2016 when Agriq-Quest Ltd, a Nairobi-based pharmaceutical company got in a dispute with Kenya's Ministry of Health over their tetanus and polio vaccinations. A group of Catholic doctors originally made the accusations claiming that the vaccines may contain a hormone that is dangerous to young women and can cause potential sterilization.As the Agence de Presse Africaine reported: "The Church's position was informed by what had happened in Mexico, Nicaragua and Philippines, where the various governments together with WHO/UNICEF had conducted similar campaigns using tetanus toxoid impregnated with beta human chorionic gonadotropin (BhCG) that causes permanent infertility among girls and women," Odinga continued.Odinga says they confirmed through analysis of samples that the vaccines used were tainted with the hormone."Today, we can confirm to the country that the Catholic Church was right. Hundreds of thousands of our girls and women, aged between 14 and 49, from the fastest growing populations in the country will not have children, because of the state-sponsored sterilization that was sold to the country as tetanus vaccination," they declared.After Agriq-Quest's license was suspended, the company pointed the finger at the government. They claimed that the government's decision to suspend their license was due to the fact that Agriq-Quest refused to doctor the tests for them.According to Business Dailly Africa , when Agriq-Quest conducted the tests on the vaccines, they found the Catholic Church's suspicions to be correct.As BDA reported, "The company's results from tests carried out on the vials showed that the samples of the vaccines were contaminated as had been claimed by the Catholic Church and Agriq-Quest claimedAccording to Odinga, as reported by APA, the government, for some mysterious reason, was hell-bent on misleading the country, while intentionally sterilizing Kenyan girls and women."The vaccines were a great crime committed against women. Women should choose when to have children and how to space them," they said.It is important to point out that the belief that tetanus vaccinations sterilizing citizens has been a long time controversy in Kenya and has been disproven prior to these claims.Also, after the discussion came to a head, in spite of claims of tests showing contamination, UNICEF and the World Health Organization later said that the vaccines were safe and procured from a pre-qualified manufacturer.However, according to Odinga, they accessed the analysis from four highly-regarded institutions, such as Agriq Quest Ltd, the Nairobi Hospital Laboratories, the University of Nairobi and Lancet Kenya.
ROCKFORD, Ill. — Nic Petan scored in overtime as the Manitoba Moose edged the Rockford IceHogs 4-3 on Friday in American Hockey League action.
Patrice Cormier, Jan Kostalek and Brendan Lemieux had goals in regulation time for Manitoba (30-10-5), the AHL affiliate of the Winnipeg Jets. Eric Comrie made 37 saves for the win.
Luke Johnson tied the game 3-3 for Rockford (24-17-6) with less than two minutes to play in the third period. Anthony Louis and Tyler Sikura also scored. Collin Delia stopped 46 shots.
The Moose went 2 for 3 on the power play and the IceHogs were 0 for 2 with the man advantage.
Spot gold was up 0.2% at $1,249.90 an ounce, as of 1.21pm, after hitting its lowest since 26 July at $1,243.71 last week. Photo: Priyanka Parashar/Mint
Bengaluru: Gold prices ticked up amid a softer dollar on Monday, but lacked impetus to push higher weighed by expectations of an increase in interest rates in the United States.
Spot gold was up 0.2% at $1,249.90 an ounce, as of 1.21pm, after hitting its lowest since 26 July at $1,243.71 last week. US gold futures were 0.3% higher at $1,251.70.
The dollar gave up some early gains on Monday, but losses were limited as stronger-than-expected US jobs data and expectations of higher interest rates in the United States provided underlying support.
US employment data on Friday showed jobs increased in November, painting a portrait of a healthy economy that analysts say does not require the kind of fiscal stimulus that President Donald Trump is proposing, even though wage gains remain moderate.
“Expectations this week are that bullion will hold a narrow range into Wednesday's FOMC rates decision, while following Friday's stronger than expected U.S. jobs data we see a 90 percent chance that interest rates will be raised, with the potential that gold may extend recent weakness toward $1,200” MKS PAMP trader Sam Laughlin said in a note.
The Federal Reserve is widely expected to raise benchmark interest rates at its two-day policy meeting starting on Tuesday, and provide outlook on further rate hikes next year.
Higher US rates tend to boost the dollar and push bond yields up, putting pressure on greenback-denominated, non-yielding gold.
“Gold will remain under further modest pressure... However, any decline is expected to be modest as the rate rise is largely anticipated,” said John Sharma, an economist with National Australia Bank.
Meanwhile, newly launched bitcoin futures on the Chicago-based CBOE Global Markets exchange and shot above $18,000 on Monday, having opened at $15,460.
“It seems that the bitcoin mania has swept a lot of investors. However, the recent spike in volatility of bitcoin futures might lure investors away from the cryptocurrency and into gold,” Sharma said.
The United States, Japan and South Korea will hold two days of missile tracking drills starting on Monday, Japan's Maritime Self-Defence Force said, as tensions rise in the region over North Korea's fast-developing weapons programmes.
Spot gold still targets $1,239 per ounce, Reuters technicals analyst Wang Tao said.
Hedge funds and money managers sharply reduced their net long positions in COMEX gold and silver contracts in the week to 5 December, US data showed on Friday.
Meanwhile, silver was down 0.1% at $15.82.
Platinum rose 0.3% to $890 an ounce, after touching its lowest since February 2016 last week, while palladium was 0.2% higher at $1,008.50. Reuters
ST. CLAIRSVILLE, Ohio — An Ohio woman might want to ask some questions if they try to borrow someone's urine again to pass a drug test.
WTOV-TV reports 24-year-old Kiana Wallace was sentenced to 18 months in prison Monday, in eastern Ohio's Belmont County, after submitting a borrowed urine sample that tested positive for drugs. Wallace pleaded guilty earlier this month to attempted tampering with evidence.
Judge Frank Fregiato called the failed urine swap "bizarre" and told Wallace they wouldn't allow them to make a mockery of the drug and alcohol testing system.
Records show Wallace was sentenced to six months in jail followed by probation in January 2017 for drug possession.
President Ram Nath Kovind during their address to the nation on the eve of the 71st Independence Day. Photo: PTI
Dear Fellow Citizens engaged in the task of nation building
My greetings to you as we complete 70 years of our Independence.
Our country will be celebrating its 71st Independence Day tomorrow. On the eve of this anniversary I extend my good wishes to all of you.
On August 15, 1947, we became a free nation. Sovereignty and the responsibility for our destiny moved from the British crown to the people of India. Some have called this process a “transfer of power”.
It was much more than that. It was the culmination of a dream for our country – a dream seen by our forefathers and freedom fighters. We were free to imagine and build our nation anew.
It is crucial to understand that this dream for a free India was rooted in our ordinary villages, in the well-being of our poor and underprivileged, and in the all-round development of our country.
For this we owe so much to the countless freedom fighters who made great sacrifices to bring us here.
Chennamma, the Rani of Kittur. Lakshmibai of Jhansi. Matangini Hazra, the hero and martyr of the Quit India Movement. There are so many examples.
Matangini Hazra was an elderly woman, into their 70s. They were shot by the colonial police in Tamluk, in Bengal, while leading a peaceful protest march. They died with “Vande Mataram” on their lips and with the hope of a free India in their heart.
Freedom fighters like Sardar Bhagat Singh, Chandrashekhar Azad, Ram Prasad Bismil, Ashfaqullah Khan, Birsa Munda and thousands of others gave their lives for us. We can never forget them.
From the earliest days of our freedom struggle, we were blessed with a galaxy of revolutionary leaders who guided our country.
They spoke of not just political freedom. Mahatma Gandhi emphasised the moral character of India and of Indian society. The principles that Gandhiji spoke about are relevant even today.
Gandhiji was not alone in this nationwide struggle for freedom and reform. Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose exhorted our people, saying: “Give me blood and I will give you freedom”. At their word, millions of Indians joined the freedom movement under their leadership and gave their all.
Nehruji emphasised that India's age-old heritage and traditions – so dear to us – could co-exist with technology and a quest to modernise our society.
Sardar Patel instilled in us the importance of national unity and integrity. And of a disciplined national character.
Babasaheb Bhim Rao Ambedkar urged upon us the virtues of constitutional governance, of the rule of law—and of the vital need for education.
I have given only a few examples of illustrious leaders. I could give you many more. The generation that brought us to freedom was diverse. They were men and women who represented all parts of our country and a variety of political and social thought.
We need to draw inspiration from such brave freedom fighters, many of whom sacrificed even their lives for the country. We need to invoke the same spirit today in the task of nation building.
The stress on the moral basis of policy and action, belief in unity and discipline, faith in a synthesis of heritage and science, and promotion of the rule of law and of education – all of it was located in a partnership between citizen and government.
That is how our nation has been built – by a partnership between citizen and government, between individual and society, between a family and the wider community.
Fellow Citizens
A tradition I remember from my childhood was that when there was a wedding in any one family, the entire village shared the responsibility and contributed. Regardless of the caste or community, the bride became the daughter of not just a single family but of the entire village.
Neighbours and others living in the village looked after guests, and took charge of different arrangements. Contributions came from many families. One family would send food-grains for the wedding, another would send vegetables, a third would arrive with some other item.
There was a sense of caring and of sharing, and of interdependence. If you helped your neighbours in their times of need, they instinctively helped you in turn.
Today, in big cities we may not even know our neighbours. Whether in cities or villages, it is important to renew that sense of caring and sharing. This will make us a gentler and happier society and help us understand each other with greater empathy.
Fellow Citizens
This spirit of empathy and of social service and volunteerism is very much alive in India. There are so many people and organisations that work quietly and diligently for the poor and the disadvantaged.
They could be running schools for street children, caring for stray animals and birds, and providing water to hard-to-reach tribal communities in remote areas. Or cleaning rivers and public places. They are nation builders in action, and we need to draw inspiration from them.
We should also work with unity and purpose to ensure that the benefits of government policies reach all sections of society. For this, the partnership between citizens and government remains essential:
■ The government has started the Swachchh Bharat campaign – but it is for each of us to ensure a Swachchh Bharat
■ The government is building toilets or helping build toilets – but it is for each of us to use those toilets and make India open-defecation free
■ The government is enabling communication infrastructure – but it is for each of us to use the Internet for the right purposes: to bridge knowledge gaps, create opportunities, and enhance educational and information access
■ The government is promoting the idea of Beti Bachao–Beti Padhao – but it is for each of us to ensure that our daughters are not discriminated against and get the best education
■ The government can frame laws and strengthen law enforcement – but it is for each of us to be a law-abiding citizen. And to build a law-abiding society
■ The government is pushing transparency and eliminating corruption in public recruitment and procurement – but it is for each of us to answer to our inner conscience in everyday life
■ The government is implementing GST to eliminate multiple taxes and simplify transactions – but it is for each of us to make this an essential part of our everyday transactions and business culture
I am happy that the transition to the GST system has been smooth. It should be a matter of pride for all of us that the taxes we pay are used for nation building – to help the poor and the marginalised, to build rural and urban infrastructure, and to strengthen our border defences.
Fellow Citizens
In the year 2022, our country will complete 75 years of Independence. It is our national resolve to attain certain desired milestones for a New India by then.
When we speak of a New India, what do we mean? There are some obvious parameters – like a house for every family, power on demand, better roads and telecom, a modern railway network, rapid and sustained growth.
And yet there is more. New India must include that integral humanist component that is in our DNA, and which has defined our country and our civilisation. New India must be a society rushing towards the future, but also a compassionate society.
■ A compassionate society where the traditionally disadvantaged, whether SCs, STs or OBCs, are part of our national developmental process
■ A compassionate society where populations in our frontier areas and states, who may sometimes feel a sense of alienation, are embraced as our brothers and sisters
■ A compassionate society where the deprived child, the aged and the ailing senior citizen, and the poor and the under-privileged are always in our thought – not an afterthought. And where we take special care to ensure that our divyang brothers and sisters get equal opportunities in all walks of life
■ A compassionate and egalitarian society that does not discriminate on gender or religious background
■ A compassionate society that enriches our human capital and equips our young people by promoting accessible, affordable and world-class educational institutions. And where quality health-care and nutrition are not a challenge
It is only with all this that we will build the New India we can cherish – where every Indian is equipped to fulfil their or their potential and do so in a manner that leaves each one of us content and happy. And helps each of us contribute to society and our country.
I am confident that a strong partnership between citizens and the government will allow us to meet the goals of New India.
Your immense patience and understanding in the days following demonetisation – and your whole-hearted support in the battle against corruption and black money – reflected a responsible and enlightened society.
Demonetisation has boosted our efforts to build an honest society. We must sustain this spirit and this momentum.
Fellow Citizens
There is also need to adopt technology. We must use technology to empower our people and achieve the goal of poverty elimination in a single generation. Poverty and New India are simply not compatible.
Today, the world is looking at India with admiration. Our country is seen as a responsible global citizen, a growing economy, and a solution provider to various international challenges – such as climate change, disasters, conflicts, humanitarian crises, radicalism and terrorism.
The Tokyo Olympics of 2020 offer another opportunity for us to raise our standing in the world's eyes. Over the coming three years, we should absorb ourselves in this national mission. Government agencies, sports bodies and business enterprises need to join hands to identify and support our talented sportspersons and provide them world-class training facilities – so that they can be even more successful in Tokyo.
As citizens and children of India – whether we live at home or abroad – we must ask ourselves how we can add to our country's pride.
Fellow Citizens
It is natural for us to think of our families, but we must also think of society. We must heed the call for that extra degree of selflessness, that extra something beyond just duty. A mother who nurtures and brings up their child is not just doing a duty.  They are displaying a unique selflessness.
■ Our soldiers who guard our borders, on a hot day in the desert or high up on a cold mountain, are not just doing their duty. They are displaying an extra degree of selflessness
■ Our police and paramilitary forces that brave death to combat terrorism or crime and keep us safe are not just doing their duty. They are displaying an extra degree of selflessness
■ Our farmers who labour under extremely tough conditions to grow food to feed fellow Indians whom they have never met, and who live in the other corner of the country, are not just doing a job. They are displaying an extra degree of selflessness
■ After natural disasters, so many motivated people, civil society groups and public agencies work day-and-night in rescue and relief operations. They display an extra degree of selflessness
Can each of us not imbibe this spirit of selflessness?
We can and we have.
On an appeal from the Prime Minister, more than one crore families voluntarily gave up their LPG fuel subsidy – so that a gas cylinder could reach the kitchen of a poorer family of fellow Indians. And so that members of that family, particularly women, were saved from smoke from chulhas that damaged their eyes and lungs.
I salute those families that gave up their subsidy. No law or government order made them do what they did. Their response came from within.
We should draw inspiration from these families. Each of us must find a way to give back to society. Each of us must choose one thing we can do to help another, less-fortunate Indian.
The single most critical factor for building our nation is to equip our coming generation. We need to ensure that not one child is left behind. As such I would urge you, as fellow nation builders, to help educate less-privileged children in our society. Help teach a child other than your own. Enrol and pay the school fees or buy the books of at least one child other than your own. Just one!
Our India is at the door of great achievements. In a few years, we will become a fully literate society. We must set the bar higher, and aim to become a fully educated society.
We are all stake-holders in this mission. If we achieve it, our country will change before our eyes. And we will become agents of this defining change.
Two thousand five hundred years ago Gautam Buddha said, “...Be a lamp unto yourself …” If we follow their teachings, acting together, with the passion of our freedom movement, we can collectively be the 125 crore lamps that light up the path to a New India.
Once more, I wish all of you the very best on the eve of our 71st Independence Day.
Jai Hind
Vande Matram
© Getty Images
Firefighters battled more than 90 forest fires across Greece on Monday, an outbreak fed by dry winds and hot weather that saw blazes burning near Athens, in the Peloponnese, and on the Ionian islands of Zakynthos and Kefalonia.The fire near Athens was burning unchecked for a second day, damaging dozens of homes. It had started in Kalamos, a coastal holiday spot some 45 km (30 miles) northeast of the capital, and spread overnight to three more towns. A state of emergency was declared in the area.On Zakynthos, an island popular with foreign tourists, several fires continued to burn for a fourth day and authorities declared a state of emergency. One minister said those fires had been set deliberately."It's arson according to an organized plan," Justice Minister Stavros Kontonis, who is the MP for Zakythnos, told state TV when asked to comment on the dozen fires burning on the island. "There is no doubt about it."It is not clear what caused the fires, and no investigation has begun into possible arson. Late July and August often see a outbreak of forest and brush fires in Greece, where high temperatures help create tinder-box conditions.Near Athens, authorities ordered a precautionary evacuation of two summer camps and homes in the area and evacuated a monastery after flames reached its fence on Monday. Hundreds of Kalamos residents fled, heading to the beach to spend the night."It was a terrible mess, that's what it was. You could see homes on fire, people running, people desperate, it was chaos and the fire was very big," a resident told Reuters TV.Andreas Theodorou, a local councilor, said the blaze had damaged "several dozens of homes.""Help did not arrive fast enough, and if you don't stop a forest fire so large as soon as it breaks out, it's very hard to put it out," they said.The fire brigade said rugged terrain dotted with small communities made the fire fighting difficult.In the Peloponnese region of Ilia, the site of Greece's worst fires in 2007, which killed more than 70 people, blazes broke out in three areas on Monday, prompting the evacuation of a village.Additional reporting by Lefteris Papadimas, George Georgiopoulos and Karolina Tagaris; Writing by Karolina Tagaris; Editing by Larry King
ANN ARBOR, Mich. (AP) -- Muhammad-Ali Abdur-Rahkman made a tiebreaking three-point play with 3.8 seconds left and finished with 17 points as No. 24 Michigan held on to beat Minnesota 76-73 in overtime on Saturday.
The Wolverines (19-6, 8-4 Big Ten) needed the extra time to win because they struggled to shoot from the field and the line. And they failed to slow down a pair of guards.
The Golden Gophers (14-11, 3-9) were in a position to end their longest losing streak of the year because first-year student Isaiah Washington had a season-high 26 points and Nate Mason scored 22 points, including a 3-pointer with 5.3 seconds left that tied the game.
Mason was just short on a shot from about 30 feet that would have forced a second overtime.
Michigan's Zavier Simpson made a layup and a 3-pointer -- after missing their first seven attempts beyond the arc -- to give their offensively challenged team a four-point lead with 2:50 left in the extra period.
The Gophers tied the game with 11 seconds left, but couldn't keep Abdur-Rahkman from making what the game-winning play on a hard-charging drive for a layup on which they were fouled by Jamir Harris.
Moe Wagner had 16 points and 10 rebounds, Simpson scored 15 and Charles Matthews had 13 points for the Wolverines, who have won four straight at home. Michigan made just 44 percent of its shots from the field and was 8 of 32 from the 3-point line.
Minnesota's Jordan Murphy fouled out in overtime with 12 points and six rebounds.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.
LAS VEGAS — After their first two games with the Vegas Golden Knights in late February, there weren't many fans who were happy with Ryan Reaves.
They arrived from Pittsburgh and immediately made their presence known with six penalty minutes in a home-and-home series against Los Angeles, both losses. The Vegas faithful thought team chemistry was ruined.
"Ruin the whole team, yeah?" Reaves joked Tuesday as Vegas prepared for Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final against Washington. "I apologize to Vegas."
Vegas wasn't the only one they apologized to. Reaves immediately went to coach Gerard Gallant after those Kings games to acknowledge that while they didn't necessarily agree with the penalties, they also would not be taking silly penalties and disrupt what Gallant and general manager George McPhee worked hard to build.
"He was up front, and they took responsibility, but I said, 'Just play your game, that's why we got you, to play your game and work hard' and he's been excellent ever since," Gallant said Tuesday. "He doesn't take penalties, they really doesn't."
Reave believes it's been their on-ice intelligence and hockey IQ that has made them an effective teammate over nine seasons in St. Louis, Pittsburgh and now Vegas, where he's since become a crowd favourite.
"My fights have gone down every year," Reaves said. "I only had six this year and all within the first two or three months (with Pittsburgh). I think there's always going to be physical play in this league, and as long as I can keep up and be able to catch guys and do it in a way that's not hurting the team, then yeah, I think I got a spot here."
Especially after scoring what may have been the biggest goals in franchise history.
In Game 5 of the National Hockey League's Western Conference final in their hometown of Winnipeg, Reaves scored the game-winning goal that sent the Golden Knights to the Stanley Cup Final. And in Game 1 against the Capitals on Monday, they scored the game-tying goal before linemate Tomas Nosek put the game-winner past Braden Holtby in a 6-4 victory that gave Vegas a 1-0 series lead.
"Playoff hockey you have to be a little smarter, you got to be a little faster, everything is kind of magnified," Reaves said. "I think at this time of the year the details have to be there for sure."
Please fill out the information below to Subscribe to Hurleys Media LTD. This will allow you to post comments on articles, get notifications on upcoming events and MORE!
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It might not be the first place that springs to mind when you are looking for the perfect date location, but McDonald's is always consitent.
And if you have the kind of other half who isn't fussed about the full bells and whistles that come with your typical romantic Valentine's Day, then the fast-food chain may have just come to your rescue.
McDonald's has launched a Valentine's Day special menu that has the perfect deal for two people.
Posting on Facebook, the fast food giant said: "Book a table for you and your loved one this McValentine's Day right here, we are going all out providing the most romantic dining experience in history.
"We are offering three courses of McValentine's perfection for £20 per couple."
McDonald's are offering four time slots for the McValentine's Day night - so you can pick from 7, 8 and 9pm.
Items on the menu include cheddar bites and nuggets to start, a Big Mac and Chicken Legend for main, and of course an apple pie or McFlurry for dessert.
McDonald's added: "Email us to look at our menu or to book your table now to avoid destroying your chances of real “couple goals” this McValentine's Day."
To book up or for further information email customerservices@akhanmcdonalds.com
HBO's new show, from the masterful David Simon, is now four episodes in and it is compelling, entertaining, and so much fun. Following the legalization of pornography in '70s New York City, the show stars Maggie Gyllenhaal and James Franco, as well as an impressive ensemble cast of The Wire veterans and other talent. The show is named after the area of New York it depicts; "The Deuce" was the stomping ground of pimps and prostitutes as well as peep shows and adult stores. The show will chart the history of pornography, from the illegal underground to the booming industry it became.
Thanks to a positive critical reception, HBO has already renewed The Deuce for a second season, which will jump forward to the late '70s, and a third season is planned to take place during the mid '80s — allowing the series to develop and show how the production and consumption of pornography changed over these decades in New York. The Deuce is being lauded as feminist, and not just because of its female directors (four out of the eight directors of the first season are female), but also because of its depiction of sex workers.
Getting It Right: Consulting With Sex Workers
David Simon is no stranger to representing sub-cultures in a non-biased and explorative way, as they proved repeatedly on The Wire and Treme. It's no surprise then, that The Deuce has so far shown a diversity in the world of sex work that is not often seen in television, movies, or the media in general, depicting the sex workers as having a variety of motivations, rather than the simple victim/whore duality. This is thanks in a large part to the fact that both the writers, and the actors, consulted with sex workers themselves as part of their research, taking care to represent their lives accurately.
Crystal DeBoise and Melissa Broudo, the co-executive directors of an advocacy and rights institute for sex workers, have spent their lives fighting for the rights of sex workers — and now consult with the producers of The Deuce. The producers also spoke to other advocates for sex workers and workers themselves. Recently, Crystal spoke to Broadly about the actors' commitment to a balanced depiction of the sex worker characters.
"I ended up talking to actors on the show. I was impressed by everyone's desire to understand the issues they're tackling. They were really trying to avoid the stereotypical tropes of sex work. As an advocate, it was really refreshing to see this coming from the entertainment world."
Melissa explained the problematic nature of the general depiction of sex workers in media, and how The Deuce stands apart.
"To show the reality is to show many realities. Within the context of feminism with sex work and advocacy, we are looking at a different feminist model. One where sex work advocates are attempting to bring a new level of nuance. There now seem to be only two models of sex work: either the victim or the whore, where there is only the marginalized victim being tortured or the empowered whore. While the reality is much more complex."
By consulting advocates and sex workers themselves, The Deuce gives gravity to its subject matter and creates a dialogue about the portrayal of sex work and its relationship to feminism in the media.
Feminism And Pornography Exist Together
Maggie Gyllenhaal's Candy works without a pimp. [Credit: HBO]
Pornography is not something that most people would associate with feminism, but The Deuce is happy to tackle this sort of reductive assumptions. Maggie Gyllenhaal plays Candy, a woman who is a mother as well as a sex worker, who works outside of the norm and doesn't have a pimp — "nobody makes money off my pussy but me." Gyllenhaal talked to The Guardian about the contradictory nature of feminism and pornography.
"Somebody asked me the other day whether I thought porn was exploitative or empowering for women [...] I thought, can the answer just be: ‘Yes?'"
In researching their role Gyllenhaal, also spoke to Annie Sprinkle, a television writer and presenter who worked in the porn industry and as a prostitute in the early '70s. Annie told Gyllenhaal that back then there was a different feeling to sex work:
"They were just coming out of the 1960s, and there was a celebration of freedom. People had this idea that they were smoking pot and making love."
Gyllenhaal explained that they tried to integrate this attitude into their portrayal, making Candy atypical of what we might expect, but still very much in keeping with the ideas of the era.
It is difficult to view today's porn industry as feminist, and it is undoubtedly the case that sex workers receive widespread discrimination. But make no mistake, The Deuce isn't necessarily defending pornography or portraying these industries as feminist — instead, the show is giving a voice to the women that did, and still do, work in them.
What do you think of The Deuce? Are you enjoying its feminist credentials regardless of the subject matter?
(Source: Broadly, The Guardian)
If you're going to be traveling or transporting your prized gear for long periods (or even just storing it when not in use), and want to ensure that it's properly protected, you won't find a better solution than the Peli 1510 Protector Case.
There's a plethora of camera bags and backpacks out there, but what if you want to really protect your prized camera kit? And we mean really protect it?
That's where Peli's 1510 Protector Case comes in. It's corrosion-proof, crush-proof, dust-proof and waterproof – it's safe for to say that this case has been designed to afford your kit the utmost protection.
Measuring 559 x 351 x 229mm, it's just compact enough to qualify as carry-on luggage for most airlines (although we'd recommend checking with your carrier before you fly), although it weighs in at a pretty hefty 5.44kg before you put any kit in it.
The internal dimensions are 514 x 288 x 191mm, and while you can purchase it either as an empty, with foam 'pick and pluck' inserts or with TrekPak inserts, we tested it with Peli's dividers and managed to fit quite a bit of kit into it. To be precise, we managed to pack a Nikon D850 and Nikon D5 (with 50mm lens), plus 70-200mm f/2.8, 16-35mm f/4, 24-70mm f/2.8 and 85mm f/1.8 lenses, with a couple of small sections left over for other accessories.
Our kit was tucked away snuggly and safely, with the deep foam padding on the inside of the lid and padding on the base offering plenty of protection. The only slight downside is that there are no pockets for smaller items, but with the lid opening fully, access to kit is easy.
Image 1 of 4 Image 2 of 4 Image 3 of 4 Image 4 of 4
On the move and protection
The fact that you're able to pack so much kit into the Peli 1510 means it can be pretty heavy, so you'll want to take advantage of the wheels at one end of the case and the retractable handle to make moving as easy as possible. If you want to give your arms a workout with a fully-loaded case, then the two handles (one on the long side, one on the short) are shaped to provide a comfy grip.
As you'd expect, the plastic case is incredibly well made, and it's also available in a range of colors, so you're not stuck with black. It'll certainly stand up to years of abuse, and indeed it comes with a lifetime guarantee.
The two latches snap shut with a satisfying click to ensure that the case is securely closed, and if the case is going to be out of your sight for a long period there are two large reinforced lock rings, should you want to secure it with a couple of decent-sized padlocks.
There's even an automatic pressure equalization valve, so if for some reason you manage to drop your case in water, provided it doesn't weigh more than 29.10kg it should happily float.
If you're going to be traveling or transporting your prized gear for long periods, or even just storing it when it's not in use, and want to be safe in the knowledge that it's properly protected, you won't find a better solution than the Peli 1510 Protector Case. It's not just the protection it provides that makes it a great buy – the ease with which you can organize and access your camera kit on location makes it incredibly useful. It's a little heavy and bulky, but it's worth it for the protection it provides.
Colectivo Coffee
Sunny Side Up
Tjam Kitchen
Wildberry Pancakes and Cafe
Eggsperience
Looking for your next great breakfast and brunch meal in Chicago? These new spots will satisfy all your cravings. Here are the newest places to check out the next time you're in the mood for breakfast and brunch fare.Photo: Kasumi B./ Yelp Colectivo Coffee recently opened its second Chicago location in Logan Square; it has another location in Lincoln Park.Along with single-origin coffee drinks, the Milwaukee-based company serves up breakfast and lunch fare. For breakfast, which is served all day, expect items like a smoked salmon sandwich with cucumber dill cream cheese, baked oatmeal with seasonal fruit and a potato bacon burrito with cheddar cheese. (You can see the full menu here .)Colectivo Coffee's current rating of five stars out of nine reviews on Yelp indicate positive attention from users.Yelper Amanda S., who was one of the first users to visit Colectivo Coffee on December 24th, wrote : "The wait is finally over. The staff is helpful and friendly, the space is gorgeous and accommodating, and the coffee and tea is perfect. Cute merch selection, too! I will be a regular here."And Joann H. wrote : "I really like the place, and I will venture back because it is close to my work; it looks like a great place to chill and relax with a cup of coffee or tea and get work done too. Nice spot."Colectivo Coffee is open daily from 6:30am-9pm.Stuffed French toast. | Photo: Nat S./ Yelp Popular Near North Side breakfast spot Sunny Side Up recently opened a new location nearby in River North.Like its other outpost, the restaurant offers breakfast, brunch and lunch. Offerings include several different kinds of eggs Benedict, stuffed French toast with berries and cream and the "Ole skillet" with chorizo, red potatoes and chihuahua cheese.Yelp users are excited about Sunny Side Up, which currently holds 4.5 stars out of five reviews on the site.Yelper Jim C., who reviewed Sunny Side Up on December 18th, wrote : "Great breakfast spot! The food is always great, and it is a nice addition to the neighborhood. Try the stuffed French toast! Heaven."And Suzanne D. wrote : "A very nice place. I have tried both breakfast and lunch and enjoyed it all. The staff is super friendly and the atmosphere is fresh and clean."Sunny Side Up is open daily from 8am-3pm.Crab cake eggs Benedict. | Photo: Arliss J./ Yelp Tjam Kitchen is a family-owned restaurant that specializes in traditional American fare for breakfast and lunch.On the menu, expect offerings like several different options for omelettes, blueberry buttermilk pancakes with pecan butter and breakfast tacos with scrambled eggs, chorizo and roasted poblano.With a five-star rating out of 22 reviews on Yelp, Tjam Kitchen has been getting positive attention.Yelper Adam S., who reviewed Tjam Kitchen on December 3rd, wrote : "I just ate here for the first time, and I really enjoyed it. Plenty of vegetarian options, all the food was fresh and delicious, food was served very quickly, and the owner is really nice!"Yelper Kevin F. wrote : "Came here for brunch and was blown away by the food and the service! The specials were too good to pass up. The prune tamale is not to be missed, it was a great starter!"Tjam Kitchen is open Tuesday-Sunday from 7am-4pm. (It's closed on Monday.)Photo: Wildberry pancakes and Cafe/ Yelp Wildberry Pancakes and Cafe recently moved into the Water Tower Place with a new location; it also has three other locations in the Windy City.The menu is focused on breakfast, brunch and lunch fare. Look for a variety of pancakes and Belgian waffles, as well as skillets--like the "Garden Skillet" with eggs, vegetables, cheese and hash browns--and eggs Benedict options, like the "Los Altos Benedict" with chorizo and pico de gallo.Wildberry Pancakes and Cafe's current Yelp rating of 4.5 stars out of 53 reviews indicates positive attention from users.Yelper Shuang Z., who reviewed Wildberry Pancakes and Cafe on January 31st, wrote : "I have been here several times now, and never gotten disappointed. Besides the regular menu, they always have some seasonal specials that are updated once in a while. "Timothy M. noted : "Long waits, but it's ok due the amazingness of the food! Cinnamon roll pancakes were great. Bacon was big and crisp! Sausage patties big and nom-tastic. The only place I have found where they can actually make my scrambled eggs well done."Wildberry Pancakes and Cafe is open daily from 6:30am-2:30pm.Photo: Anthony C./ Yelp Eggsperience 's extensive menu offers everything from Belgian waffles and pancakes to crepes, skillets and frittatas. The breakfast spot--which has several other locations around Chicago--recently opened in Little Italy.Look for options like the sweet potato waffle and chicken, the corned beef hash and eggs, or frittatas like "Tiny Tim's Farm Stand" with spinach and mushrooms with bacon and cheese.Yelp users are still warming up to Eggsperience, which currently holds 4 stars out of 12 reviews on the site.Yelper Anthony C., who reviewed Eggsperience on January 29th, wrote : "Loving the new breakfast spot in the neighborhood on Taylor St. A delicious experience and a variety for everyone in the family. I, for the first time, got to try a spicy eggs Benedict (southwest Benny), and it's absolutely my favorite now."And Tushar B. wrote : "Eggsperience is basically the step up from your local diner. The food is not crazy or unique but it is plentiful and hits the spot to get you up and ready for the day."Eggsperience is open daily from 7am-3pm.
Guwahati: Independence Day celebrations took place on Tuesday across Assam amid devastating floods in the state that have claimed 20 lives and affected over 30 lakh others.
Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal unfurled the national flag at the Veterinary College ground at Khanapara here, while their cabinet colleagues and senior officials hoisted the tricolour at celebration venues in different districts.
In Guwahati, thousands took to the streets riding on cycles, motorcycles and waving the flag.
The floods hit the state in the last few days inundating over 3,000 villages in 25 districts.
The latest toll is apart from the 84 persons who died in the first wave of floods between April to June.
CINCINNATI — The Cincinnati Reds traded right-hander Dylan Floro and a minor league pitcher to the Los Angeles Dodgers for two minor league pitchers on Wednesday.
The Reds also optioned utility player Brandon Dixon to Triple-A Louisville and recalled Tanner Rainey and Cody Reed from Louisville to bolster a depleted bullpen.
The Dodgers sent James Marinan and Anerurys Zabala to the Reds for Floro, Zach Neal and international signing bonus pool space. Marinanwill report to Billings of the rookie-level Pioneer League andZabalato Single-A Dayton.
Floro was 3-2 with a 2.72 earned-run average in 25 relief appearances this season with Cincinnati.
At least one person was hurt after a crash involving a military convoy.
It happened Saturday, Aug. 12 on I-75 between the Bridgeport Township and Birch Run exits.
Officials said the soldiers were taken to Saint Mary's of Michigan in Saginaw to be looked over. Military members standing outside the hospital said the men were doing fine.
The troopers were in Michigan for the annual Northern Strike War Games at Camp Grayling. They were headed back to their base in Ohio when the crash happened.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
President Trump Unveils Plan To Fight Opioid Crisis An estimated 64,000 people died from drug overdoses in the United States in 2016 — the vast majority of those were from heroin or synthetic opioids. New Hampshire is one of the states the hardest hit by the epidemic and on Monday President Trump unveiled their plan to fight the crisis.
Can India's Economy Recover In 2017?
Audio will be available later today.
In November, India's government declared all high-value currency invalid and withdrew them from circulation. Starved of cash, the economy seized up.
Beer, the answer to all of life's questions and also, apparently, all the diplomatic problems in the world! Beer is also a hard drink to beat; after all which other drink would work for a Friday evening AND a Sunday afternoon?
We tend to wax eloquent about beer, here at GQ, and we could begin telling you how drinking beer is healthy for you and list out all the reasons why beer is good for you. But you probably knew that already. What you may not know, we imagine, is how to score beer for ₹10. Turns out, The Bar Stock Exchange is offering just that.
To celebrate the birthday of their Pune outlet, Bar Stock Exchange is offering a pint of beer for a flat rate of ₹10. But if you thought you could walk into BSE and ask for a can of Bira and walk away slapping that 10-rupee coin on the bar, you may be in for a slight disappointment. The bar's offer of a 10-rupee beer is restricted only to Kingfisher Beer and will be valid for just one day – June 15, 2017 – tomorrow! On the bright side, though, the offer will be extended at all their branches in Mumbai and Pune. So if you don't mind kickstarting your weekend a day sooner with Kingfisher, you know where to head to.
Have you visited our stock exchange? Its a little different 😉 #notyourusualwallstreet #barstock #stockexchange #alcohol #liquor #beer #wine #spirits #stockmarket A post shared by THE BAR STOCK EXCHANGE (TBSE) (@thebarstockexchange) on Aug 26, 2015 at 7:33am PDT
NOW READ
GQ exclusive preview: Hello Guppy, Mumbai
This new boner-boosting beer promises to give you sexual powers
Bira has launched two new beers and one of them has just 90 calories
> More on Drinks
Up Next: Know your spirits: Whisky
Teheran gave up five hits, two runs and three walks in seven innings. They struck out three.
New York moved Vargas up in the rotation after Noah Syndergaard went on the disabled list with a strained ligament in their right index finger. Vargas had given up 34 hits, including six homers, with 10 walks in 20 1/3 innings in their first season with the Mets and was hit hard in a loss May 3 to the Braves in New York.
But they kept Atlanta off-balance, allowing a first-inning single to Freddie Freeman and a second-inning double to Charlie Culberson.
Tim Peterson, making their major league debut, retired the first four batters they faced before Johan Camargo hit their fourth homer in the seventh to cut the lead to 2-1.
PERFECT CONDITIONS
After the first three games had over four combined hours of delays caused by rain or the threat of a storm, Wednesday's games breezed through in 2 hours, 42 minutes. The temperature stayed in the high 70s on a clear night.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Mets: LHP Steven Matz is listed day to day, and the team hopes they won't miss a turn in the rotation with a mild strain in their middle left finger. Manager Mickey Callaway said Matz isn't expected to go on the disabled list.
Braves: RHP Mike Soroka, on the disabled list the past two weeks with a right shoulder strain, will make their first rehab appearance Friday at Class A Rome.
UP NEXT
Mets: RHP Seth Lugo (1-1, 2.48 ERA) will make their first start of the season as the Mets open a four-game home series against the Chicago Cubs. In 26 starts, he's 12-6 with a 4.09 ERA. He's 0-1 with a 9.00 ERA in one start and two relief appearances when facing the Cubs.
Braves: LHP Sean Newcomb (5-1, 2.75 ERA) is coming off no-decision last Saturday at Boston in which they lasted just three innings and gave up six hits and three runs. Before that, Newcomb had won four starts this month and allowed just one run and nine hits in 25 innings. Newcomb is 0-2 with a 9.72 ERA in two career starts against Washington.
___
For more AP baseball coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By George Henry, The Associated Press
DENVER — The San Francisco Giants placed right-hander Jeff Samardzija on the 10-day disabled list with shoulder tightness.
Samardzija left their start Tuesday after throwing 23 pitches and giving up two runs in the first inning. He's 1-4 with a 6.56 ERA this season.
The 33-year-old Samardzija said the shoulder ailment is one that "comes and goes. It's one of those things, where you have to deal with it."
To take their place on the roster, the Giants recalled righty Tyler Beede from Triple-A Sacramento. Beede made two starts with San Francisco in April, going 0-1 with a 8.22 ERA.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
LEHIGHTON — Addison Howland scored 11 of their game-high 22 points in the fourth quarter as Lehighton rallied for 59-53 victory over Marian in a non-league boys' basketball contest Monday.
The win gave Trevor Miller their first victory as Indians' coach.
Tyler Fritz scored 20 points and Chris Ritsick added 12 for the Colts, who led 28-15 at halftime and 36-35 after three quarters but couldn't hold on.
Zack Hunsicker scored 12 of their 14 in the second half for Lehighton, while Caine Carpenter and Greg Venuto each added 10 points.
MARIAN (53) — Stauffer 3 1-3 7, Fritz 7 5-6 20, Maylath 2 4-4 8, Tate 1 0-1 2, McLaughlin 0 0-0 0, Sabulsky 0 0-0 0, Agosti 0 0-0 0, Ritsick 4 0-0 12, Goff 2 0-0 4, Fiesel 0 0-0 0. Totals 19 10-14 53.
LEHIGHTON (59) — Heery 1 0-0 2, Troxell 0 1-2 1, Carpenter 2 6-8 10, Schaeffer 0 0-0 0, Hunsicker 4 5-6 14, Bradley-Chambers 0 0-0 0, Haydt 0 0-0 0, Howland 7 4-8 22, Venuto 3 3-3 10, Schatz 0 0-0 0. Totals 17 19-27 59.
Marian (0-2) 13 15 8 17 — 53 Lehigh (1-1) 11 4 20 24 — 59
3-point FGs: Fritz, Ritsick 4, Hunsicker, Howland 4, Venuto
JV score: Marian 53-46
Blue Mountain 68
Schuylkill Valley 56
ALLENTOWN — Jakob Biever scored eight of their 13 points in a decisive second quarter as the Eagles overcame an early deficit to beat Schuylkill Valley.
Trailing 19-12 after one frame, Blue Mountain outscored the Panthers 38-20 in the middle quarters. Nate Nabholz had eight of their 17 points in the third quarter, while Drew Grace scored 10 of their game-high 18 points in the fourth quarter to ice it.
Grace connected on four 3-pointers as each team made eight treys.
SCHUYLKILL VALLEY (56) — Worrell 4 1-2 12, Miller 4 0-0 11, Kauffman 5 0-2 10, Rivero 4 1-2 9, McMinn 1 0-0 2, Horne 2 1-2 6, Lynam 2 0-0 5, Johnson 0 1-2 1. Totals 22 4-10 56. BLUE MOUNTAIN (68) — Grace 7 0-0 18, O'Donnell 3 1-1 7, Conway 2 1-2 6, Lipko 3 0-0 6, Dean 0 1-2 1, Nabholz 7 0-0 17, Biever 6 1-2 13, Ketch 0 0-0 0, McKivigan 0 0-0 0, Bunnick 0 0-0 0, Carr 0 0-0 0, O'Keefe 0 0-0 0. Totals 28 4-7 68.
Sch. Val. (0-2) 19 5 15 17 — 56 Blue Mt. (2-0) 12 16 22 18 — 68
3-point FGs: Worrell 3, Miller 3, Horne, Lynam, Grace 4, Conway, Nabholz 3
JV score: Blue Mountain 42-16
Williams Valley 46
Minersville 37
MINERSVILLE — Levi Engle scored 23 of their game-high 27 points in the second half as the Vikings downed the Miners in a non-league contest.
Engle scored 13 points in the third as Williams Valley held a 16-6 scoring advantage in the quarter to go up 35-24. Minersville tried to rally in the fourth quarter, but Engle added 10 more, while the Vikings went 7-of-9 from the foul line to hold on for the win.
Colin Weist added 16 points for Williams Valley.
Bryce Ellinger led Minersville with 20 points.
WILLIAMS VALLEY (46) — Ulsh 1 1-2 3, Weist 6 0-0 16, L. Engle 8 7-9 27, J. Engle 0 0-2 0, Wolfgang 0 0-0 0, Raho 0 0-0 0, Miller 0 0-0 0. Totals 15 8-14 46.
MINERSVILLE (37) — J. Melochick 0 0-2 0, Ellinger 7 3-5 20, Ladick 1 0-0 3, Hossler 2 0-0 5, Hoffman 1 1-3 3, Piccico 2 0-0 4, C. Melochick 0 0-0 0, Stablum 1 0-2 2. Totals 14 4-12 37.
WV (1-1) 9 10 16 11 — 46 Min (0-1) 9 9 6 13 — 37
3-point FGs: Weist 4, L. Engle 4, Ellinger 3, Lakcik, Hossler
JV score: Williams valley 44-33
Berks Catholic 42
Pottsville 38
POTTSVILLE — Aiden Stanton scored 12 points but it wasn't enough as the Crimson Tide dropped a non-league contest to the Saints at Martz Hall.
Mason Barnes added 12 points for Pottsville.
BERKS CATHOLIC (42) — Hagelbarger 0 0-0 0, Garcia 3 2-4 8, Painton 0 0-0 0, Kr. Mitchell 1 0-0 3, Jack 4 2-3 10, Ke. Mitchell 4 1-3 9, Dabney 4 3-3 12. Totals 14 2 8-13 42.
POTTSVILLE (38) — Schenk 0 0-0 0, Sherakas 0 0-0 0, Barnes 2 2 0-0 10, Wood 1 1-2 3, Nabholz 1 0-0 2, Stanton 3 3-3 12, Renninger 3 2-2 8, Kondrack 1 0-0 3, Hahner 0 0-0 0. Totals 7 6 6-7 38.
BC (1-0) 10 11 7 14 — 42 Potts (1-1) 8 9 7 14 — 38
3-point FGs: Kr. Mitchell, Ke. Mitchell, Barnes 2, Stanton 3, Kondrack
JV score: Pottsvile 57-43
Halifax 64
Upper Dauphin 52
ELIZABETHVILLE — Masen Bellis scored 14 of their game-high 22 points in the first half but the Trojans couldn't hold a halftime lead as the Wildcats won the Tri-Valley League East Division opener for both.
Macklin Ayers added 11 points for Upper Dauphin, which by 11 at one point in the game and 30-23 at the half. But the Wildcats held a 41-22 scoring advantage in the second half to roll to the victory.
HALIFAX (64) — Wells 1 0-1 2, Hoon 0 0-0 0, Berzowski 1 2-2 4, Grosser 2 2-2 6, Paul 2 2-4 6, Stiely 1 0-0 2, N. Balsick 4 2-2 10, L. Blasick 7 0-0 14, Minnich 3 2 0-0 12, Johnson 2 1 0-0 7, Tanner 0 1-2 1. Totals 23 3 9-13 64.
UPPER DAUPHIN (52) — Smith 1 0-0 3, Gessner 0 0-0 0, Dressler 2 2-3 7, Grow 0 0-0 0, H. Bellis 0 0-0 0, Ayers 3 5-6 11, Reinger 2 5-7 9, Mason Bellis 9 4-9 22. Totals 17 16-25 52.
Hal (2-0, 1-0) 13 10 21 20 — 00 UD (2-1, 0-1) 15 15 13 9 — 00
3-point FGs: Minnich 2, Johnson, Smith, Dressler,
JV score: Upper Dauphin 49-43
H.S. Wrestling
Match postponed
Monday's scheduled non-league wrestling match between CMVT and Williams Valley was postponed to Jan. 25.
LOS ANGELES — Relievers Pedro Baez and Ross Stripling are on the Los Angeles Dodgers' roster for their NL division series against the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Outfielder Joc Pederson and utility player Tim Locastro didn't make the lineup announced by Los Angeles manager Dave Roberts on Friday before Game 1 at Dodger Stadium.
Arizona made two changes to its roster from the wild-card game against Colorado, adding Game 1 starter Taijuan Walker and Pacific Coast League MVP Christian Walker while dropping outfielder Rey Fuentes and catcher Chris Herrmann.
Baez was a target of derision for Dodgers fans while posting a 2.95 ERA this season. But after two dismal appearances in early September, they didn't allow a run while striking out seven in four scoreless appearances to end the season.
SUDBURY, Ont. — A strike by faculty members at Laurentian University is over now that the union and school have reached a tentative agreement.
The university says ratification votes will be held as soon as possible so that faculty and students can get back to class.
If it is ratified, classes at the university's Barrie, Ont., campus and online will resume Tuesday and those at the Sudbury, Ont., campus will start Oct. 16 after the fall break.
Details of the proposed deal have not been released.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Veteran actor telly favourite Keith Chegwin passed away in the early hours of this morning.
During an impressively long showbiz career which began in the sixties, the Liverpool-born star kept themselves busy with a variety of shows and appearances.
Initially making a name for themselves fronting Cheggers Plays Pop and Multi-Coloured Swap Shop, they turned their hand to reality TV, taking part in Celebrity Big Brother , Celebrity Masterchef and Dancing On Ice.
Also on their jam-packed CV was a nineties comeback on The Big Breakfast - and a memorable cameo opposite Ricky Gervais on Extras.
One programme they never graced, however, was Coronation Street.
Yet plenty of people have convinced themselves otherwise.
Owing to a strong physical resemblance to Corrie actor Les Dennis, several fans believed Keith was the man behind Dennis' character, Michael Rodwell.
Two years ago, fans even set up a petition to get Keith in Coronation Street.
It asked fans to vote for Keith to join as Rodwell's brother.
While the pair never graced the cobbles together, both Les and Keith appeared in Extras, and then again on Life's Too Short with Warwick Davis.
(Image: Jonathan Brady/PA Wire)
Keith's paasing at age 60 followed a ''long-term battle with a progressive lung condition'', their family said.
In a statement, Chegwin's family added: "We are heartbroken to share the news that Keith Chegwin sadly passed away following a long-term battle with a progressive lung condition, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, which rapidly worsened towards the end of this year."
Shocking Omissions: Lady Gaga's Extravagantly Human 'The Fame Monster'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bradley Kanaris/Getty Images Bradley Kanaris/Getty Images
The year is 2008. American Idol is still a-truckin', Disney Channel television starlets are climbing up the bubblegum Billboard charts and Britney Spears suffers a major public breakdown followed by a musical breakthrough. So if there ever were a time for a pop-centric commentary on fame and its manufactured, tear-jerking iPod Shuffle of a psychological roller coaster, it was then.
With their unconventional alter-ego Lady Gaga and their debut release The Fame, Stefani Germanotta delivered this commentary. The album featured dance tracks like the fan-crazy love note of "Paparazzi" and self-proclaimed notoriety of "Beautiful, Dirty, Rich." Was it catchy? Most definitely. Repetitive? Yes, as most pop songs tend to be. But there was a carnival mirror quality to this record that reflected a harmless, likable and head-bobble criticism of the lives of the rich and famous.
But I want to focus not on the origin of Lady Gaga, but rather on their transformation. Because this story (and my nomination for a "Shocking Omission" to the Turning the Tables project) takes place in 2009, along with the release of The Fame Monster, the follow-up EP to the album Gaga released a year prior. What we now consider Lady Gaga canon came from this sophomore release of eight original songs, including the Grammy-nominated body confessional "Dance in the Dark" and the Elton John-esque glossy piano lament "Speechless." This release also included the magnum opus of Lady Gaga's career: The howling, snarling and teeth-gnashing "Bad Romance," where the pop star became a pop diva with a primal, full-throated scream that both commanded attention and demanded the love-love-love of those listening, no matter the cost, the disease or even the all-out Rear Window horror. Because in Gaga's world, love is fame and fame is pain and pain is love, all of which resonated with listeners on a global scale.
So if The Fame is a sun-drenched, poppy celebutante, The Fame Monster is the edgy, fashion-forward, Euro-gothic version of that musical ingénue, a frame of reference relevant to the growth of Lady Gaga. In the months leading up to The Fame Monster's release, the singer was dealing with the highs and lows of overnight stardom from their debut, and the variety of struggles that manifest during relentless tours and travel. But Gaga isn't afraid of the public; she's afraid of herself. In songs like "So Happy I Could Die," Gaga simultaneously longs for and fears the escape found at the bottom of the glass "in the silence of the night, through all the tears and all the lies." And in "Alejandro" and "Monster," Gaga attempts to strengthen their resolve against going back to men who show no remorse in eating their heart and soul. Rather than simply show the bright-and-sunny side of fame, The Fame Monster confesses the weaknesses of someone perceived as so strong in the public eye. It's a trait that does not weaken Gaga, but simply makes their music stronger and more human, which is why this beguiling record defined Gaga's career and spawned innumerable Little Monsters.
YouTube
But there's more to The Fame Monster than its success as an earworm. The recording continues to reverberate through our collective pop culture psyche because Gaga took the visceral and made it visual. When you revisit the clap back banger "Telephone," images of Gaga and Beyoncé riding away in a Kill Bill-mobile and dancing in a vengeful diner spring to mind. And it's difficult to separate art from song in "Bad Romance;" Gaga takes on the appearance of a vengeful Alexander McQueen runway model as they audibly rip out their heart (and that of their suitor) in a setting not unlike a discotheque from hell. Throughout it all, Gaga combined pop culture visuals from the past, present and hyperactive future and created a rock-opera playground for their audience to play in. If fame is a disease spread through envy and pride, Gaga's avant-garde videos most certainly spread the fame of their music even further.
Some might argue that Lady Gaga is too poppy, too referential or over-exposed, to the point where it's pointless to shine a light on their work. But Turning the Tables isn't about that. It's about giving respect where respect is due. When was the last time someone argued against Prince's inclusion on a "Best of..." list? Or brushed off George Michael's contributions to the pop world? Without a doubt, Gaga is just as much of a creator and destructor of fame as artists like Bowie, in piercing through the veneer of celebrity status through music. Because if Gaga's The Fame Monster is just as pervasive on the radio, in record stores and countless other media landscapes as the music of their male colleagues, why can't we accept them as a significant artist in pop canon as much as the others?
When you're asked to name-check contemporary pop stars, Lady Gaga's name is certainly one of the first to pop into your head. From whispers and bellows to monstrous stilettos, Gaga's femme fearlessness left a mark in the music world. And on The Fame Monster, they aren't afraid to turn Hollywood decadence and dirt into a campy, scathing and, most importantly, audio-visual extravaganza that continues to influence and inspire.
ASUS was among the first Android brands to embrace the Notch that we saw on the iPhone X. The ZenFone 5Z, which was one of the stars of the Mobile World Congress, makes its debuts in India almost four months since it was first unveiled in Barcelona. The jury might still be out on the notch but it has become the new gold standard for Android flagships. The 5Z sits on top of the tree among ASUS' ZenFone 5 line-up for 2018 and we came away impressed with our first brush with the device.
It's remarkably light, weighing slightly above 160 gm, impressive for a device that sports a full HD+ 6.2-inch display (2246 x 1080 pixels). A 90 per cent screen-to-body ratio sure helps. You can't ignore the notch but ASUS has added a clever full-screen mode that might help you ignore this tiny strip of bezel while you're gaming or playing catch up on Netflix.
The ZenFone 5Z has its sights trained on the OnePlus 6, one of this year's big Android sensations. It's one reason why speed is one of the talking points for the 5Z. It's powered by the same Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 processor. ASUS claims that its LPDDR4X RAM and UFS2.1 ROM combine to provide a super fast experience, something that we observed with an insanely quick boot time. The top-of-the-line version features 256GB of internal storage and there's also room for expandable memory (upto 2 TB) with support for Micro SD cards.
The camera is the other headline feature of the ZenFone 5Z. At its core is the Sony IMX 363 sensor coupled with OIS and EIS (Electronic Image stabilization). The primary camera comprises a dual camera set up. We dig the wide-angle mode (120-degree field of view), something that LG pioneered with the G5. It opens up a host of possibilities when you're shooting landscapes and city scapes. We'll save our verdict for the camera's lowlight claims for the deep dive. There are 16AI modes. Not surprisingly AI is a recurring theme for the ZenFone 5Z, from the camera to a clever AI fast charging that promises to optimise battery life. The ZenFone 5Z is clearly leaving nothing to chance, the flagship killer segment is a cluttered space and you need more than one trick up your sleeve.
Highlights:
Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 (64-bit) processor
6GB / 8GB RAM
128 GB / 256 GB ROM (with expandable memory)
12MP dual rear camera / 8MP selfie camera
6.2-inch Full HD+ display (2246 x 1080 pixels)
The top-of-the-line ASUS ZenFone 5Z costs ₹36,999 and will be available on Flipkart from July 9.
NOW READ
30 best gadgets launched in India in 2018 (so far)
Nifty gadgets to look like a pro on the go
Google Assistant's update means you don't have to talk to another human
> More on Gadgets
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
O2 and EE mobile phone customers are to see their bills rise in coming months, following a new wave of price hikes set to affect millions of those on pay monthly and sim-only plans.
Both firms have announced increases, with EE to push up prices in March and O2 to follow in April - both are related to inflation.
Telecom firms and other big companies are allowed to impose mid-contract price rises because of a clause in their terms and conditions that warns customers about possible increases in line with the Retail Prices Index (RPI).
RPI is a measure of inflation published by the Office of National Statistics in January each year. It measures the change in the cost of a sample of retail goods and services.
O2 says it has always 'allowed' for annual hikes in line with inflation, while EE has told new customers that annual increases were a possibility since 26th March 2014.
EE's terms and conditions state:
Your Price Plan Charge includes an increase by the annual percentage increase in the Retail Prices Index (RPI). We will do this so the price increase takes effect in March of each year.
O2's conditions:
Each year your Monthly Subscription Charges will be subject to an annual adjustment by the RPI Rate. This adjustment could be an increase or a decrease and the adjusted amount will first appear on your April bill.
What's changing?
(Photo: Getty)
EE is pushing up bills for all pay monthly customers by 2.5% from March 30 2017 in line with the Retail Prices Index (RPI) announced by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) in January.
O2 is increasing monthly bills for all pay-monthly and sim-only customers by 2.6% in April 2017, in line with the latest RPI figure announced this week.
The hikes do not affect pay-as-you-go customers from either network.
poll loading Should companies be allowed to raise prices while you're still in contract? 3000+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO
An EE spokesperson told Mirror Money: "As the UK's biggest and fastest mobile network we work hard to offer our customers great value.
"Like many service providers, our Pay Monthly plans increase by RPI annually. This year our customers will see a typical rise of less than 80p a month. We're currently contacting our customers to remind them this will take effect from 30th March 2017."
The firm is currently in the process of contacting customers affected to inform them of the latest changes to their bills.
An O2 spokesperson said customers are told about this annual adjustment upfront when they upgrade or take out a new contract as detailed in its terms and conditions.
A spokesperson told Mirror Money: "During the application we advise customers that their prices will change each year in line with the RPI that's announced in February by the ONS. As part of the application process, this is something customers confirm they accept before the contract is completed.
"We'll be adjusting our monthly tariff charges by 2.6% in line with the RPI change that applies to our contracts each year - some other companies offering communication services have increased their monthly rentals by up to 9%.
"This adjustment means an extra charge of 46p per month for customers on our most popular pay monthly tariff and we'll contact customers next week to let them know the change will be reflected from their April bill.
"We'll continue to invest in our network and the services that matter to our customers while still offering great value for money."
O2 is will be contacting customers to inform them of the latest hike in due course.
What are my rights?
(Photo: Getty)
Telecoms regulator Ofcom states that customers can exit their plan penalty-free if a provider ups prices mid-term - without any warning when you took out the contract.
It states you may also be allowed to leave without paying a charge if the rise is of “material detriment”, for example a bigger rise than the RPI rate.
However, as customers were warned about these possible inflation hikes in the small print - it's unlikely you'll be able to use Ofcom to get out of your contract fee-free. Instead, you may have to cough up an exit fee - usually your monthly bill multiplied by the total number of months left in your plan, but minus VAT.
Instead you can:
Get in touch with your provider and ask what your options are if you cannot afford the hike.
If you're approaching the end of your plan, you might be able to switch to a cheaper deal - possibly even cheaper if you go sim-only. Do your homework, as this may mean signing up for a further 24-months.
Find out how long you've got left in your contract. If you're out of plan, you can exit penalty-free - providing you give your provider 30-days' notice.
I wasn't warned about the rise when I signed up...
This is common - and if you genuinely weren't aware of the possibility, don't just stand for it. Here are your options:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 15-year-old schoolboy has collapsed and died in their brother's arms after trying to run home when they were stabbed.
Jacob Abraham has been named as the boy killed in Waltham Cross, Hertfordshire, last week.
Detectives investigating Thursday's incident said Jacob was fatally stabbed between 8.30pm and 9.30pm in a service road behind Hurst Drive.
They attempted to run back to their family home but never made it.
They were found collapsed by their older brother and pronounced dead at the scene by paramedics, just ten days before they were due to celebrate their 16th birthday, the Hertfordshire Mercury reports.
Detective Chief Inspector Jerome Kent from the Beds, Cambs and Herts major crime unit said: “Jacob left their home just before 8.30pm on Thursday and within an hour they were dead.
“Jacob was just 15 years old and their life has been tragically cut short.
“We know that other young people who knew Jacob will have information about their death and I'm appealing for those people to speak to officers.
“If you do not feel comfortable speaking directly to officers, you can provide information anonymously via our website and there is a webchat option available.
“I would encourage parents whose children may have connections to Jacob to speak to them about providing information to police.
“We are dedicated to identifying those responsible for their death and bringing the offenders the justice.”
A 14-year-old boy from London has been arrested on suspicion of murder.
They have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
Anyone with information should visit www.herts.police.uk/report call (01707) 355666 or Crimestopers anonymously 0800 555 111.
SADAFCO distributes dividends for financial year 2017-2018 (TASI) Date: 23 Apr 2018 Saudi Dairy & Foodstuff Co distributes SAR 2 cash dividends per share for financial year 2017/2018. Distribution date shall be announced later.
Then again, Housley is all too familiar with how well Rinne can play when they get into a groove.
"If we could rattle them early and get them off their game a little bit, that's the time we've got to take advantage," Housley said. "But once they settle in, he's tough to beat."
Buffalo's Jack Eichel burst up the left side and behind the Predators' defence to drive across the crease only to have their shot stopped by Rinne's left pad four minutes in. Rinne also got an assist from teammate Kevin Fiala, who got their stick out to stop Justin Bailey's attempt to tap in a bouncing puck in the crease.
Rinne kicked out their right pad to foil Nicholas Baptiste's snap shot from the slot 2:30 into the second period. With the game still scoreless, Rinne snapped their glove to snag Jason Pominville's rising slap shot from the right circle.
Buffalo's minor-league call-up Linus Ullmark stopped 28 shots, starting in place of Robin Lehner, who was sidelined with an undisclosed injury.
Ullmark had little chance on Fisher's goal that opened the scoring 12:29 into the second period.
Fisher and teammate Scott Hartnell were both parked in front when Fisher deflected in Mikka Salomaki's shot from the blue line. The Sabres challenged the goal by arguing Fisher interfered with Ullmark. The goal was allowed to stand despite a replay showing Fisher nudged the back of Ullmark's skate in the crease and also got a hand on the goalie's glove.
Housley questioned the ruling.
"I don't know what you call goalie interference anymore," Housley said. "His skate hits Linus' skate, which doesn't allow them to get down into the butterfly and make the save."
There was no disputing Johansen's goal. Ullmark stopped Viktor Arvidsson's initial shot from the right circle. The rebound fell at Ullmark's their feet where Forsberg chipped the puck to Johansen, who snapped it in the open left side.
NOTES: Brodeur leads the list of 40-game winners by having done so eight times. Washington's Braden Holtby is the only other active goalie to win 40 games three times. The other three-time 40-game-winners were Sawchuk, Jacques Plante, Mikka Kiprusoff and Evgeni Nabokov. ... Sabres RW Kyle Okposo returned after missing three games with a concussion. ... With 10 games left, the Predators inched closer to matching franchise records for most wins (51) and points (110) set in 2006-07.
UP NEXT
Predators: Host Toronto Maple Leafs on Thursday.
Sabres: Host Arizona Coyotes on Wednesday in matchup of NHL's two worst teams.
___
More NHL hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
By John Wawrow, The Associated Press
Perth and Adelaide reignited a fierce rivalry with a brawl to close the game. Video: Twitter / NBL
A BJP rally in Kalol, 30km from Ahmedabad. Political mismanagement of the Patel agitation has fuelled anger in a community that's traditionally voted for the BJP in Gujarat elections. Photo: Abhijit Bhatlekar/Mint
Patan/Mehsana/Vadodara/Anand: Nobody in Gujarat likes a weak leader. We have been used to Narendra Modi who is now the prime minister. The two chief ministers of Gujarat after Modi left three years ago have not been able to impress the people. A leader should be strong,” said 66-year-old Maniram Suthar, a farmer in Mehsana constituency.
As the campaign for Gujarat elections enters its final week, it is becoming more than clear that it is all coming down to Modi. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has struggled to fill the vacuum Modi left behind. Economic shocks in the form of agricultural distress, demonetisation of high-value currency notes and the implementation of the goods and services tax (GST) together with the wave of social unrest, particularly among Patels, have only reaffirmed popular sentiment that Gujarat after Modi has left people disappointed. In fact, BJP had to remove its sitting chief minister Anandiben Patel, one of the strongest Patel leaders and handpicked by Modi, 16 months before the assembly elections.
Economic shocks in the form of demonetisation and GST, together with the wave of social unrest, particularly among Patels, have only reaffirmed popular sentiment that Gujarat after Modi has left people disappointed
The last time BJP had to remove its sitting chief minister due to public anger was in 2001 when Keshubhai Patel was removed and Modi took over after the large-scale destruction due to the Bhuj earthquake in Gujarat.
“Narendra Modi was well-known for strong administration and effective management. The leaders who came after Modi have failed to fill the gap. It's been three years and still people look at Modi and not any state leader. Gujarat needs Modi's way of functioning,” said Kaushal Pathak, a 42-year-old business person in Anand constituency.
Political analysts concur that the leadership vacuum has weakened the BJP campaign. “Narendra Modi's absence is a big jolt for BJP. There is a no replacement for Modi in Gujarat. The control of Modi over government and party is lacking, the state government and the party do not function like one. Modi used to manage party and government, there was only one leader,” said Mukesh Khatik, political science professor at Gujarat University.
Political mismanagement of the Patel agitation has fuelled the anger of the community, which had in the past, especially in the Modi era, stayed loyal to the BJP. Now sections of the community are bitter.
It's been three years and still people look at Modi and not any state leader. Gujarat needs Modi's way of functioning- Kaushal Pathak, business person in Anand
“If BJP is so confident that the party did not hurt the pride of Patels, the party should make Anandiben Patel or any member of their family contest the elections. The fact is that BJP leaders, especially those in Delhi and also in Gandhinagar, know that Patels are annoyed with the party. We are the ones who voted for Prime Minister Narendra Modi, we brought the party to power, and now we are getting beaten up by the police. Why should Patels suffer? There is a feeling in the community that Patels have lost their political and social influence. We want our respect back,” said Patel Hardik Vishnu, a 24-year-old farmer in Mehsana constituency who has completed a course from the Industrial Training Institute (ITI).
Interestingly, the mass movement which was started by Hardik Patel of Patidar Anamat Andolan Samiti (PAAS) for reservation for Patels as other backward classes (OBCs), especially in education and government jobs, has evolved into one seeking to reclaim their political influence.
“It is said that Congress will not give us reservation as demanded by Hardik Patel. It doesn't matter. This election and the anger within Patel community is not about whether we get reservation or not. The election is to assert the Patel identity. The community lost 14 young boys because of government action, and now it is our time to punish the government,” said Jitubhai Patel, a 44-year-old resident of Patan area who runs a car accessory business.
This election and the anger within Patel community is not about whether we get reservation or not. The election is to assert the Patel identity. The community lost 14 young boys because of government action, and now it is our time to punish the government- Jitubhai Patel, business person in Patan
To be sure, it is not the first time that BJP under Modi is facing opposition from Patels. The party had to face a similar challenge in the 2012 Gujarat elections when former chief minister and senior BJP leader Keshubhai Patel had floated their own party, Gujarat Parivartan Party. It could win only two of the 167 seats it contested while its vote share was 3.63%. Keshubhai Patel, who was the most influential leader of Patels, could not defeat Modi and their party finally merged with BJP which brought an end to the fight for Patel votes.
“Earlier the community used to vote as Leuva or Kadva Patels but this time, because of the government action, we will vote as Patels. There is no distinction on what is the sub-caste—everyone is a Patel first,” said Janak Patel, a 53-year-old financial adviser in Patan constituency.
Analysts believe the erosion in Patel votes is acute in rural areas. “It is not that all Patels are angry with BJP. Those living in big cities and are financially secure are not angry with BJP. The problem for the BJP is in rural areas where Patels are facing rural distress, lack of education facilities and employment opportunities,” added Khatik.
Earlier the community used to vote as Leuva or Kadva Patels but this time, because of the government action, we will vote as Patels. There is no distinction on what is the sub-caste—everyone is a Patel first- Janak Patel, financial adviser in Patan
In the final stretch it is clear that Modi holds the key to BJP's fortunes. It is not without reason that Modi has conducted 35 public meetings across the state and is repeatedly attempting to make a personal connect with the voters. The big question is whether their personal chemistry with the Gujarati voter, which stays unblemished, will eventually swing the election BJP's way for a record fifth term in power.
ENVIRONMENT: A cutting-edge software solutions provider seeks a QA Tester (Manual) to join its team where you will also work alongside Product Dev teams to participate in all Testing functionality. The ideal candidate requires a technical IT-related tertiary qualification, be ISTQB Foundation Level or equivalent certified and have at least 2 years' experience in a similar role. You also require experience with JIRA, Agile, Unix/SQL queries, Gherkin and have experience testing mobile & browser-based apps. DUTIES: Raise defects and ensure fixes are progressed through to verification.
Create detailed Functional and Acceptance Criteria tests from Specifications and Requirements, including edge cases where appropriate.
Manage the manual execution of tests within the QA team, providing regular updates to the head of the QA team
Write automation scenarios in Gherkin, from specs.
The Functional Tester is also expected to understand automation test reports and to raise defects based on automation failures. REQUIREMENTS: Qualifications – A tertiary qualification in a technical IT-related discipline.
ISTQB Foundation Level or equivalent. Experience/Skills – Minimum of 2 years' experience as a Functional Tester.
Experience with a complex bug and task tracking system such as JIRA.
Proven ability to create tests from functional specifications and user requirements documents.
Agile experience.
Testin
They didn't wear hoods as they chanted "Jews will not replace us." They weren't hiding their faces as they waved Confederate flags, racist signs and swastikas. They looked straight at a sea of cameras as they made the Nazi salute.
As Matt Thompson wrote for The Atlantic, the white supremacist march and rally this past weekend wasn't a KKK rally: "It was a pride march."
The bare-faced shamelessness was the point. But it was also an opening.
On the Internet, some people are crowd-sourcing efforts to identify and shame the people participating in the rally. Most prominently, on Twitter, the account called "Yes, You're Racist" has been soliciting help and posting IDs. "I'll make them famous," the account pledged.
So far, at least one protester is no longer employed after being publicly named and shamed.
Cole White, who used to work at a hot dog restaurant in Berkeley, Calif., "voluntarily resigned" on Saturday after their employer confronted them about their participation in the event, according to the Berkeleyside news site.
@YesYoureRacist is not a new Twitter account. Since 2012, the account has been calling out "casual racism on Twitter," according to the user's fundraising page. It would post screenshots of deleted racist tweets, highlight offensive comments by elected officials and retweet everyday users who would say "I'm not racist but ..." followed by something, well, racist.
But after the rally in Charlottesville, Yes You're Racist pivoted from highlighting online remarks to identifying real-world marchers.
Many of the people it named had publicly declared their plans to go to Charlottesville. The account identified one man as "Illegal Aryan," who wrote on the white supremacist site Daily Stormer last month, "See you in Charlottesville!"
"Illegal Aryan," real name Mark Daniel Reardon, was identified by an antifascist group this spring and confirmed on Daily Stormer that they lost their job as a result.
Another identified marcher, who has repeatedly tweeted holocaust denials and says they are a member of the Proud Boys, said on Twitter they were at Charlottesville. After they were identified, they said he's received death threats.
Of course, there's a long and not entirely noble tradition of online humiliation for perceived moral trespasses.
Jon Ronson, who literally wrote the book on the phenomenon (it's called So You've Been Publicly Shamed), chimed in on Twitter to give their take on the public identification of the white supremacists, white nationalists and neo-Nazis marching in Charlottesville.
"They were undisguised in a massively contentious rally surrounded by the media," they said, noting also that there's "a big difference" between making a thoughtless or offensive comment online and marching in the name of white power.
That said, Twitter is "a terrible information swapping service," they said, and some innocent people would inevitably get caught up in the process.
Indeed, the "Yes You're Racist" account has made, and acknowledged, some mistakes.
One of the photos it examined was from a previous Trump rally, not the Charlottesville march or rally. (That image featured a man wearing a Nazi armband. They said on Youtube they wore it as a "social experiment" to prove that "not all Trump supporters are Nazis. I went to the Trump rally as a Nazi and they kicked me out and disavowed me ... I dressed up as a Nazi to prove a point, not to spread a message of hate.")
Another photo was misidentified as the white supremacist Billy Roper. Roper, who has called for non-white races to be "eliminated" or "become extinct," did not actually attend the Charlottesville event. Roper, who is vehemently anti-Semitic, objected to the fact that one of the speakers at the event works with a Jewish fundraiser.
Roper wrote on their blog that they actively contributed to the confusion over the identity of the "Arkansas Engineering" marcher:
"Early on in the game, I decided to troll them by alternately confirming then denying that I was the person in the picture, in order to confuse the trail and distract them from the guy they were after. So, I spent the better part of the evening schooling some and gaming others."
As Roper muddied the waters, others on the Internet misidentified the man in the photo as a University of Arkansas professor, which was false.
Meanwhile, one young man who was photographed screaming at the torchlit march told a local news station that it was definitely them — but they insisted he's "not the angry racist" people see in the photo.
"As a white nationalist, I care for all people," said Peter Cvjetanovic, who is studying history and political science at the University of Nevada, Reno.
"I did not expect the photo to be shared as much as it was," they told KTVN.
A "Yes, You're Racist" tweet about Peter Cvjetanovic was retweeted more than 32,000 times.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Thousands of people are reporting Facebook messenger app appears to be down.
The popular messaging application appears to be failing to send messages. One user said it "Keeps leaping in intermittently".
One user said: "what do we do without facebook messenger?? i think i only have about 3 peoples phone numbers???"
Another wrote: "Facebook messenger is down. It's been 10 minutes and I already miss group chats."
There has been no word as of yet from Facebook about when the problem could be fixed.
People across the globe appear to be reporting problems.
Another wrote on Twitter: "and apparently FBs Messenger app isn't working, which is a terrible shame because I have so many conversations on the go."
Website downdetector.com reports reports of problems with Facebook Messenger spiked massively from 8pm tonight.
There have been thousands of reports since then.
Most reported problems include receiving messages (34%) connection to server (33%) and log-in (31%).
The website's 'Facebook Messenger outage map' shows hotspots where the most reports are being made:
(Image: downdetector.com)
Today, Facebook launched 'Polls in Messenger Stories'
They said: "Today, we've launched Polls in Messenger Stories so you can easily get feedback from friends on anything that comes to mind. Torn on what to name your new puppy or want a second opinion on an outfit? Try Polls to get answers for those tough ? and more.
"Here's how it works: After you've taken a photo or video, add a 'polls' sticker and type your question and custom answers. After you've shared your poll, your friends can start voting and respond to your story directly."
It's unclear if this new product launch is related to the issue.
A comment on the Down Detector website from a user with the name 'Facebook Administrator' said: "Messenger should now be working for everyone. We will investigate this issue."
However, two users of the website have since replied to that comment, saying it is still not working in Illinois or Arkansas.
Meanwhile, a ban has been issued by WhatsApp which will stop millions of users from using the popular chat app. Whatsapp is owned by Facebook.
WhatsApp will now stop anyone under 16 from using the application in order to comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The Facebook-owned service
GDPR, which came into force last Friday, requires special measures to be in place for the processing of personal data belonging to a child.
Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ever since discovering I was vain, aged five, I've had a complicated relationship with my sight.
It started in the first year of primary school when I was prescribed glasses and instinctively vowed there and then never to wear them in public.
My vanity meant that at school anything on the black/white board, and in most text books, was a blur.
During one memorable parents' evening, my mum asked how I was getting on with my glasses.
“Glasses?”, my teacher quizzically responded. “Fiona doesn't wear glasses.” A habit I've continued to practise.
It means that over the years I've ignored countless people who've apparently waved to me from across the street, I've missed spectacular goals at my boys' football matches, not to mention Premier League games.
Ridiculously, I read papers – on the tube, train, in cafes etc – in which I can only make out headlines and pictures.
(Image: Getty)
My husband has to read out the menu in restaurants and decipher small-print in the supermarket. Who said romance was dead?
Career-wise I've survived by winging most speeches at conferences, charity galas, award ceremonies etc, as well as making my TV day job a lot more precarious than it should be.
Especially the years of ‘live' breakfast TV, when I'd often have key interview questions, written while wearing my glasses, that I couldn't make out once I was on the sofa without them.
‘Winging it' is the story of my blurred-vision life so far. Luckily for my husband, family and friends, though, there are some advantages – my poorly peepers have always, for example, presented them in a very attractive light.
On Monday that all changed when I nipped off to Specsavers and skipped home with soft, monthly, disposable contact lenses, which previously, because of my prescription, hadn't been available to me.
It's like a whole new world. I'm writing this without the aid of my glasses, for instance. It's a world of wonder and delight. Apart from the horrific realisation that I have a face I don't recognise any more.
In my previous, cosy, blurry world I was ageless. Now, I'm confronted with a woman who's clearly had one hell of a life and buckets of red wine.
I thought I still ‘had it'. It turns out I've had it.
And, following a recent perusal, it seems my husband has too.
What's the old saying? ‘Beauty is in the eye of the beholder'? I'm thinking I'd rather the version I once beheld, rather than the one I now behold.
Now, where did I put those glasses?
VANCOUVER — A man who was acquitted of terrorism-related charges for posting online comments celebrating lone-wolf terrorists will remain locked up in British Columbia after the Immigration and Refugee Board ruled their release would endanger the public.
Adjudicator Trent Cook of the board's immigration division said Thursday in an oral ruling that Othman Hamdan's behaviour and online activity make it necessary to keep them incarcerated pending the outcome of an immigration review.
"While your posts may not be criminal, I cannot pretend that they do not exist. Nor can I ignore the impact that I think they are likely to have on those who read them and in turn on the Canadian public," Cook told Hamdan.
"In my view, anyone who actively promotes and calls on people to engage in terrorist activity is engaging in behaviour and conduct that puts the Canadian public in danger, regardless of if that conduct meets the standard necessary to obtain a criminal conviction."
A date has not yet been set for Hamdan's admissibility hearing to determine if they should remain in Canada.
Hamdan, 35, is a Jordanian national of Palestinian descent who came to B.C. after living in the United States and was granted refugee status following the 9/11 terrorist attacks.
A B.C. Supreme Court judge found Hamdan not guilty in September of allegations of encouraging murder, assault, and instructing a person to carry out a terrorist activity, ruling that Hamdan's comments might be offensive but they didn't constitute inciting terrorism.
The allegations stemmed from 85 Facebook posts between September 2014 and July 2015, one of which reads, "Lone wolves, we salute you."
"He was trying to highlight what they perceived to be hypocrisy and injustice, support some of the actions of (the Islamic State) in its defence of Sunni Muslims in Iraq and Syria and promote discussion about these issues," B.C. Supreme Court Justice Bruce Butler said of Hamdan in their ruling last month.
At the time of their arrest in July 2015, Hamdan was living in the northern B.C. community of Fort St. John. They described themselves in court as a non-practising Sunni Muslim.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Christmas food shop is the best one of the year. You can finally fully indulge yourself in just about anything you want without feeling guilty.
And with the big day now just two weeks away, many people will be starting to think about whether they will brave the supermarkets, or order their feast online.
And if the later is your preferred choice, then you will need to thinking about booking your delivery slot.
There's still time left reports the Liverpool Echo , but the cut off date for delivery is fast approaching - with Friday December 15th being a key date for many stores.
Here's all you need to know about order and delivery dates for the major supermarkets.
ASDA
Asda opened Christmas delivery orders on Monday 20 November and all orders must be made before Friday 15 December to get it in time for Christmas.
You can book delivery here .
Delivery slots are available now for 20th December right up to 23rd December and you can amend the order until the night before delivery.
An Asda turkey starts from £12 for a small basted turkey to £49.75 for the Extra Special Corn Fed Free Range Dry Plucked Game Hung Whole Turkey serving up to ten people.
The supermarket's chilled Christmas party food range will be made available on Tuesday 12 December.
How much does delivery cost?
Delivery costs from £1 depending on the time and date you want the items to arrive. It can be as much as £6 in peak slots.
An annual pass gives is £60 for unlimited deliveries while a six-month pass is £35. Delivery has a minimum spend of £40.
Christmas items such as turkey are available to deliver in slots from 20th December.
Tesco
Tesco is running a huge toy sale- for a limited time only (Image: Nick Ansell/PA Wire)
Tesco has staggered Christmas delivery dates. Booking for 20th December opened on 30 November.
You can book delivery here .
The 21st, 22nd and 23rd opened on the 1st, 2nd and 3rd of December respectively and all dates are now open for booking.
Selected stores are delivering on Christmas Eve and there is a store finder on the Tesco website to check your nearest shop.
Orders must be placed by 17th December or on 21 December for the last ‘next day' slot.
A medium Christmas turkey starts from £23.96 and serves 11 to 14 people. The most expensive turkey is a Tesco Finest British Free-Range Heritage Narragansett Whole Turkey for £58.59. It can feed 13 to 15 people.
How much does delivery cost?
Tesco charges £3 for standard delivery but express delivery will cost more.
Morrisons
Morrisons' Christmas orders are open for deliveries between 20th and 24th December.
Changes can be made to the orders up to 24 hours before delivery, but deliveries after the 22nd December will need two days.
Morrisons promises more slots will be released soon for extra deliveries in the Christmas period.
You can book delivery here .
How much does Morrisons delivery cost?
Morrisons delivery costs on average around £3 depending on which slot you take.
A delivery pass is available for £60 for the year, £40 for six months or £7 per month. This can be reduced if you choose a midweek pass for deliveries between Tuesday and Thursday, when the monthly cost drops to £5.
Sainsbury's
Sainsbury's opened its Christmas delivery options on 30 November and will deliver up to 23rd December.
It will then reopen deliveries on 27th December.
You can book delivery here.
How much does delivery cost?
Sainsbury's deliveries start from £1 but orders over £100 are free during midweek. The store has a £25 minimum basket size and can deliver next day if orders are made before 11pm.
A delivery pass costs £2.50 per month for midweek deliveries and £5 per month (£60 per year) for anytime deliveries.
Click and collect is free with a £40 minimum basket side.
Waitrose
Waitrose Christmas delivery is available until 15th December for collection or delivery. Any New Year orders will need to be made before 22 December.
Christmas orders, including Christmas turkeys, are available for collection between 20th and 24th December.
Delivery slots are available between 20th and 24th December here.
How much does Waitrose delivery cost?
Waitrose offers free delivery on orders over £40 but peak slots will cost up to £5.99. These are usually found at weekends and evenings, as well as the Christmas delivery slot.
New Delhi: Akshay Kumar's satirical comedy Toilet: Ek Prem Katha, which opened to Rs13.10 crore last Friday, has been granted tax exemption by the Uttar Pradesh government for now and looks to achieve the same in other states, thanks to its social message. Here's a look at 10 other recent films that rode the tax exemption wave.
1. Hindi Medium (2017): Irrfan Khan's comedy drama was declared tax-free for states like Delhi, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat. The Saket Chaudhary-directed film made Rs69.59 crore in lifetime box office collections.
2. Sachin: A Billion Dreams (2017): The docu-drama on legendary cricketer Sachin Tendulkar was granted tax exemption in Maharashtra, Delhi, Kerala and Chhattisgarh. It earned Rs50.89 crore at the box office.
3. Sarbjit (2016): The Omung Kumar-directed biographical drama was made tax-free in Uttar Pradesh. It managed Rs27.38 crore at the box office.
4. Dangal (2016): Aamir Khan's blockbuster sports drama was made tax-free in Delhi, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh. The Nitesh Tiwari-directed film made Rs387.38 crore in box office collections.
5. Nil Battey Sannata (2016): The Swara Bhaskar-starrer was granted tax exemption by the Delhi and Uttar Pradesh governments. It earned Rs4.82 crore at the box office.
6. Neerja (2016): Sonam Kapoor's much-acclaimed biopic was made tax-free in Delhi, Uttar Pradesh and Maharashtra. The Ram Madhvani-directed film made Rs75.61 crore in box office collections.
7. Airlift (2016): Akshay Kumar's historical drama was exempted from tax in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. It made Rs128.1 crore in overall domestic collections.
8. Manjhi: The Mountain Man (2015): The biographical drama featuring Nawazuddin Siddiqui was granted tax exemption in Bihar and Uttarakhand. The film collected Rs12.53 crore at the box office.
9. Bajirao Mastani (2015): The Uttar Pradesh government had made Sanjay Leela Bhansali's historical epic tax-free. The film, starring Ranveer Singh and Deepika Padukone, netted Rs184.2 crore at the box office.
10. Mary Kom (2014): The Priyanka Chopra-starrer was made tax-free in states like Uttar Pradesh, Assam and Maharashtra. It made Rs56.5 crore at the box office.
All figures have been sourced from movie website Bollywood Hungama
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol Rovers are asking supporters who attended the match against Plymouth Argyle on Saturday to come forward with any information they may have about a number of incidents at Home Park.
Videos appear to show fans of both sides squaring up to flight attendants and police and goading each other across the barriers. There are also videos showing chairs and other objects being thrown by fans following Graham Carey's 85th minute winner for Argyle.
Two fans also appear to be restrained by police having run onto the pitch.
A statement from Bristol Rovers read: "We are aware of a number of incidents that occurred at Home Park on Saturday and we are working closely with the relevant authorities to establish who was at fault.
We would be grateful if anyone with any relevant information would contact the Club's Safety Officer, Dave Parker."
The video was captured by Jak Ball, a reporter at our sister paper the Plymouth Herald , who was sat in Plymouth's Barn Park End, next to the Rovers supporters.
Rovers took more than 1,500 supporters to Devon, with the match turning into a five-goal thriller and seeing the Gas lose at 2-1 lead to slip to a 3-2 defeat.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cristiano Ronaldo has revealed the inspiration behind their new boots - their homeland Portugal.
Their previous boots have paid homage to various landmarks and moments in their illustrious career, including their time at Manchester United and their success with Real Madrid.
And after unveiling Portugal's new Nike kits for this summer's World Cup, the 33-year-old has presented ‘Chapter 6: Born Leader' in the series of seven CR7 signature Mercurial boots - inspired by their nation with the boot complementing the national team's colours.
“When you play for your country you want to win and defend your colours,” said Ronaldo.
“When I play for Portugal, I feel good. Not just for myself but for my whole family and friends.
(Image: Nike)
(Image: Nike)
(Image: Nike)
“To be captain of the Portugal national team makes me feel proud. Of course, it's great to be the leader of the team.
“I am one of the oldest players with more caps, more goals, more everything.
“I like to lead by example.”
The boots, which Ronaldo wear for the first time in Friday's friendly against Egypt, are available to buy on March 20 on nike.com and in stores from March 22.
What do you think of them? Tell us in the comments box below.
(Image: Nike)
(Image: Nike)
(Image: Nike)
Chapter 6: Born Leader - Fact box
A nod to Portugal's historical sea exploration lies within the Swoosh
On the lateral side of the heel, the captain's “C” is incorporated into a raised applique of the sphere (an armillary sphere graphic is also featured on the boot bag)
Black at the collar blends to hyper jade toward the sole making these the first Mercurial 360 boots to feature more than one knit colour
The cross on the heel tab ties back to the cross within the Portugal National Team collection
The cross pattern underfoot the Mercurial 360 is aligned with the pattern on Portugal's new away jersey
Ronaldo in numbers
The Real Madrid superstar hit their 50th career hat-trick for club and country at the weekend with four goals in the 6-3 demolition of Girona.
He's now hit 17 goals in their last eight games, to position Zinedine Zidane's side perfectly to salvage their season after likely relinquishing the La Liga title to Barcelona - who are 15 points ahead.
It is now 37 goals for the season for the 33-year-old, with Los Blancos peaking at the right time ahead of their quest to defend the Champions League and win it for a third successive season.
Ronaldo will face off against Egypt star Mo Salah on Friday, with the Ballon d'Or winner (37) now one goal ahead of Salah (36) in all competitions, with their 12 goals in the Champions League proving the difference between the pair.
Antonio Banderas reached out to Salma Hayek as soon as their article accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual harassment was published last year.
The 51-year-old actor came forward with their allegations against the disgraced producer in an article published in December last year, and their close pal Antonio - who had starred with them in several movies including 'Desperado' and 'Frida' - has now admitted they called them "immediately" to see how they were doing, and to ask why they didn't speak up sooner.
They said: "It was important to reach out to them because she's my dear friend. We are very good friends, and I didn't know. I wanted to know. That's why I immediately called them and said, 'Salma, why didn't you tell me?' And they almost got into tears and they said, 'Because I wanted to protect you guys. I didn't want to put you in that position of having to confront a guy who was so powerful. That's the reason: I didn't want to damage my friends.'"
The 'Puss in Boots' star, 57, went on to praise the influx of people coming forward with their own sexual misconduct allegations, as they believe it is a "good thing" that men in Hollywood are starting to "reflect" on their past behaviour.
Speaking to 'Entertainment Tonight', they said: "It's on everybody's mind. I think I've always been proper with my fellow actors and with people on sets. I think men in this profession became very reflective about their behaviour, and that is a good thing."
However, Antonio previously claimed they wouldn't be judging any of the accused stars - which include Kevin Spacey, Woody Allen, and James Franco - without first having "all of the data" to prove their alleged misconduct.
They said: "These cases belong to a pattern of behaviour which has been carried out for millennia. But I wouldn't like to be very specific about specific people. I think that's unfair because I don't have all the data ... People saying, 'This person is guilty of this,' is against my principles."
Heidi Klum has made a name for themselves as a model and host of the reality competition series Project Runway, but did you know she's also amazing at invisible hula hoop dancing?
The TV presenter and Halloween enthusiast showed off some seriously cool moves during a dance battle on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on Tuesday night. The segment called for participants to hit a button on the Dance Move Generator and perform whatever pops up on screen.
Needless to say, they delivered the Invisible Hula Hoop dance with enough frenetic hair whipping to make Willow Smith envious.
Other dances included the "Fork in the Garbage Disposal," which saw Fallon frantically hopping around like he's front row at a 1999 Backstreet Boys concert; "Speed Bowling," in which Klum raised suspicions that they were a mime in a past life; and Fallon emulating that one cool mom we all know with "Mom Tries Hip-Hop."
The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon airs weeknights at 11:35/10:35c on NBC.
Police are warning people to be on their guard during the festive shopping season, as fraudsters take advantage of those full of the festive spirit.
Independent crime-fighting charity, Crimestoppers, is appealing to the public for information on those making, buying or selling counterfeit banknotes.
In the first half of 2017, over 237,000 worthless counterfeit banknotes with a notional value of over £4.88 million were removed from the UK's streets.
While less than 1 per cent of notes in circulation are counterfeit, this is not a victimless crime. Many retailers, businesses, school, charities and the elderly have been conned out of money using fake notes.
Christmas is a time when more cash changes hands, especially £20 and £50 notes, and fraudsters take advantage of the festive season by targeting busy shops with temporary staff.
Incidents include scammers tricking innocent members of the public into swapping fake £20 notes for two genuine £10 notes, and businesses being left out of pocket if they take a counterfeit note.
Serious business
Counterfeit notes are also known to be linked to serious and organised criminal gangs. One gang was sentenced to over three years' imprisonment for the manufacture of £320,000 worth of fake notes. In another more recent case, three men were prosecuted after £40,000 of fake notes were found in a Kent property that was also used to supply cannabis.
As well as raising public awareness of fake banknotes, in October Crimestoppers partnered with the Bank of England to launch the Banknote Checking Scheme. Aimed at cash-handling businesses, it promotes banknote checking at point of sale through targeted training, with the aim of reducing the number of counterfeit notes being accepted.
Further information on fake notes can be found on Crimestoppers' web page at fakenotes.co.uk.
Director of Operations for Crimestoppers, Roger Critchell, said: “Fake notes are completely worthless and knowingly holding or passing on counterfeit notes is a crime”.
“The purpose of this campaign is to raise awareness of counterfeit money, especially around Christmas when money can be tight, but also to highlight how heartless and callous fraudsters can be when targeting their victims”.
“I'd ask that anyone with information on those selling counterfeit notes contact Crimestoppers anonymously, safe in the knowledge no one will know you spoke to us, and knowing you may have prevented someone's Christmas from being ruined.”
Ben Crosland, Senior Manager of Banknote Engagement and Communications at the Bank of England, said: “The general public play an important role when it comes to reporting counterfeit currency. Campaigns like this and the recently launched Banknote Checking Scheme, are essential to encourage the public and businesses to help us and law enforcement stop the counterfeiters.”
If you have information on those making, selling or buying counterfeit notes then please contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through our Anonymous Online Form at crimestoppers-uk.org/give-info.
1:51 Americans buy bomb shelters, prep for 'Trumpocalypse' Pause
0:56 Seven children, 2 adults injured after van overturns in Grand Prairie
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
0:10 Vehicle used by suspects in armed robberies
1:53 The Pastor at Babe's Chicken Dinner House
0:08 Suspect in armed robberies
1:39 Cliburn auditions begin in London
1:48 Fort Worth Opera's 'JFK' takes the stage at Bass Hall
7:28 Arlington mayor rips opponents of Texas Rangers stadium in secret audio recording
Pasco County sheriff's deputies are searching for a man who is armed with an AR-15.
Julio Gonzalez, 49, fled a New Port Richey home on Sunday with a Stag Arms AR-15 rifle with tan grips and stock, with possibly three loaded 30 round magazines, and a Taurus .357 snub nose revolver.
Before fleeing, they made threats to harm himself, including pointing a gun at their head and text messages, deputies said.
 They are also being sought for domestic battery, false imprisonment, grand theft of firearms and grand theft.
Gonzalez is 6 feet tall and weighs 130 pounds. They have black hair and brown eyes. Their last known address is 221 83rd Ave. N, St. Petersburg.
Deputies say he's considered armed and dangerous.
Anyone who sees them or has information on their whereabouts is asked to call 911.
►Make it easy to keep up-to-date with more stories like this. Download the 10 News app now.
Have a news tip? Email tips@wtsp.com, visit our Facebook page or Twitter feed.
© 2018 WTSP
The N2 between KZN and the Eastern Cape has become a treacherous route. Violent looters target moving trucks, ripping cargo off the back of the trailer and within minutes, making off with millions of Rands worth of goods. It's costing the economy billions, so why has nothing been done to stop the looting? Carte Blanche exposes this growing trend.
Producer: Nicky Troll
Presenter: Devi Sankaree Govender
The total outlay on interest subsidy on crop loans for 2017-18 is 49% higher than the revised estimate of Rs13,619 spent in 2016-17. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: In a bid to make formal credit more accessible to farmers, the government on Wednesday raised the amount set aside for interest subsidy on short-term crop loans to Rs20,339 crore in 2017-18, about 36% more than the Rs15,000 crore allocated in the budget. Farmers will continue to pay an interest of 4% on timely repayment of crop loans, like in previous years.
The total outlay on interest subsidy on crop loans for 2017-18 is 49% higher than the revised estimate of Rs13,619 crore spent in 2016-17.
The decisions, approved by the cabinet on Wednesday, come against the backdrop of farmer protests across the country.
They have been demanding farm loan waivers and better crop prices.
The government's objective is to make short-term credit available to farmers at an affordable interest rate to boost farm production and productivity, said an official statement.
It added that higher “institutional credit will help in delinking farmers from non-institutional sources of credit, where they are compelled to borrow at usurious rates of interest.”
In the budget presented in February the government raised the target of agricultural credit disbursal to Rs10 trillion in 2017-18, up from the target of Rs9 trillion the year before. In 2016-17, short-term crop loans advanced to farmers stood at Rs6.23 trillion, higher than the targeted Rs6.15 trillion.
“Whether higher allocations will increase offtake of crop loans remains to be seen. The move may either widen or deepen (meaning same farmer accessing more formal credit) penetration of rural credit, but this will be clear only by the end of the year,” said Himanshu, associate professor at Jawaharlal Nehru University and a Mint columnist.
According to the statement, if farmers are unable to repay a loan on time, they will still be eligible for an interest subsidy of 2%. The subsidy can also be availed by farmers who are unable to repay their crop loans due to natural calamities.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nick Kyrgios has warned they are ready to cause “uproar” at Wimbledon — but there is no need to run for cover.
Tennis' talented but temperamental wild child says they are now in a “happy place”, with their time on the sidelines this year battling a long-running elbow injury having helped refocus their mind.
Kyrgios claimed last week they hadn't been fully fit for four-and-a-half months. But their time out has left the 15th seed determined to make headlines at Wimbledon for all the right reasons rather than the tantrums, tanking and fines they have become renowned for.
The 23-year-old Aussie cut a dejected figure as they limped out of Wimbledon last year after retiring from their first round match.
However, they have already gone one better this year after beating Uzbekistani Denis Istomin 7-6 7-6 6-7 6-3 on Tuesday in a four-set classic.
(Image: Reuters)
Kyrgios, who warmed up for Wimbledon by reaching the semis at Queens, said: “I'm just in a lot better place than I was last year. I came into Wimbledon last year injured, pretty bad mental state.
“I was out of the game for two and a half months so coming back, I've been excited. I've been winning a lot of matches, playing on grass.
“I guess I'm in kind of like a happy place. I feel like I'm playing well. I mean, I have a different approach. I feel like I'm one of the guys that can cause a bit of an uproar at this event. We'll see how it goes.”
Of course, it is never totally plain-sailing for controversy-magnet Kyrgios.
And one of the Court 12 ball girls felt the full force of one of the booming 42 aces they smashed down against Istomin.
(Image: AFP/Getty)
They were left in tears after being accidentally struck by a thumping 138mph serve.
Kyrgios said: “It was tough. Originally when I heard the sound, I thought it hit the scoreboard. Then I realised it was their arm. It was tough. They started crying. It was tough. They took it like a champ, though. I would have been crying, for sure.
“I have not had a chance to see them after my match. I showered, got changed, stretched, then came here. I would hope that she's all right. I'm assuming there would have been medical services there.”
Space-Hopping 'Avengers: Infinity War' Raises The Stakes To Infinity — And Beyond
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chris Zlotnick/Marvel Studios Chris Zlotnick/Marvel Studios
Avengers: Infinity War is — and truly feels like — the culmination of something.
Over the course of many years and many more Marvel Universe films — including some that proved to be hugely successful (Guardians of the Galaxy) and some that proved to be Thor: The Dark World — the proprietors of that universe have been nesting glowy magical gemstones inside their heroes' stories. We nerdlings familiar with the 1991 Marvel Comics mini-series Infinity Gauntlet (written by Jim Starlin with art by George Perez and Ron Lim) have been waiting patiently for a certain big bald Marvel villain to come along and collect/hoard those sparklies like some kind of purple, cosmically powered space-tyrant/magpie.
Thanos is here at last — an alchemical blend made up of state-of-the-art CGI, an oddly wistful performance from actor Josh Brolin, and Violet Beauregarde's post-gum skin tone — and he's fixin' to cause Trouble. With a capital T, and that rhymes with C, and that stands for cosmic genocide.
Who can stop him, or at least try to? Pretty much every actor who's ever cashed a Marvel Cinematic Universe paycheck, is who. Which is why, even with its two-hour-and-40-minute running time (belay that "Infinity Kidney Stones" joke, it's been made), Infinity War still manages to feel overstuffed, crammed to the gills with characters and locations and events and stakes.
That's the setup. But in the interest of efficiency in criticism, we must acknowledge that the potential audience for Infinity War is large, and consists of people who come at it with widely varying degrees of Marvel Cinematic Universe engagement. And knowledge.
And — let's be blunt — level of interest.
Thus we are attempting to account for this fact by providing discrete reviews, expressly tailored to your individual needs.
Here's How It Works
Picture yourself in the theater with a friend. No really, picture it: You're about to see Avengers: Infinity War. The trailers are over. The lights dim. The Marvel Studios logo appears on the screen. At that moment, you lean over to your friend, and you whisper something.
What is it?
Choose from the options below, and then scroll down to find your Personalized, Artisanally Blended Avengers: Infinity War Movie Review.
CHOOSE ONE
"So. The Avengers. They're the ones with Batman, right?"
"Is [My Favorite Marvel Character] in this?"
"They had better not kill off [My Favorite Marvel Character]."
"I saw the trailer, and I can't wait for the scene where [something]."
"How in the world are they gonna take all these characters and tell a story that makes any sense?"
"OK, so: Remind me where all the Infinity Stones are, as far as we know?"
"I hope it feels like an old-school summer comics crossover."
"I just hope it's fun."
"I hate these stupid superhero movies. They're all pointless, loud, violent fodder served up for the dull-witted masses. I am here against my will. It's possible I'm on a bad date but it's more likely I have been kidnapped. Please contact the authorities. Blink twice if you understand me."
"So. The Avengers. They're the ones with Batman, right?"
No. No, the Avengers are not, as you say, "the ones with Batman."
Clearly, you belong to that subset of Infinity War audience members that doesn't care overmuch about the mythological infrastructure of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. And that's fine — ideally, you shouldn't need to bring a scorecard, physical or mental, along with you. The film should stand alone as a full experience, regardless of your particular level of nerdery.
But to you I say: Proceed with caution. First, ask yourself: If some character I don't recognize steps out of the shadows and the audience around me gasps in shocked recognition (this happens at least twice) — am I OK with that? When the camera cuts to some random location, the music swells and a legend appears at the bottom of the screen that is supposed to be the name of said place but is obviously just some dumb, made-up nerd-word that doesn't mean anything — will I be miffed? If the answer to either of those questions is "Yeah, probably," maybe wait for it to hit the streaming services.
Don't worry too much about getting lost in the mechanics of the plot, however — it's a simple series of fetch quests. Thanos wants to collect the various Infinity Stones. You'll know what those are when you see them, and at one point you'll be treated to a kind of mystical slide deck about them, plus you'll be told "If they collect all six, they can kill half the universe" enough times that you'll understand the opposing sides.
"Is [My Favorite Marvel Character] in this?"
Yes, probably. That's ... kind of the whole point of the exercise.
Provided you realize that the X-Men and Deadpool aren't really invited to the intellectual-property party, you can be reasonably certain your own favorite character appears onscreen at some point.
... With two notable exceptions. Notable chiefly because their absences are explained in a throwaway line that gets thrown away by the character tasked to deliver it like it's a soiled diaper.
But in most other cases, your favorite character will get some business to do. It may not be a lot, but they will hit the familiar beats you want them to hit.
"They had better not kill off [My Favorite Marvel Character]."
In previous Marvel films, character deaths served their usual superhero-genre purpose: They motivated the heroes into action.
In Infinity War, death is a consequence of superheroic action, not its trigger. There's ... rather a lot of death, this time out, and — the superhero genre being what it is — only most of it is permanent. If you're worried about your favorite character, rest assured that if they do get killed off, you'll likely see it coming long enough to mentally prepare for it. (There's a specific cinematic language these films speak; when you hear a certain kind of music cue, or see a shot framed in just such a way, or when a character expresses anything approaching contentment, you'll know it's coming, so gird your loins.)
"I saw the trailer, and I can't wait for the scene where [something]."
Yyyyyeah, careful there. The official Infinity War trailers include several shots that aren't in the film. That happens all the time, of course — they probably come from scenes that got deleted for time. But there's at least one trailer image that looks like it was an intentional fake-out.
"How in the world are they gonna take all these characters and tell a story that makes any sense?"
That is an excellent question, and Infinity War answers it smartly, if not always effectively.
The filmmakers know that over the life of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, their different characters vibrate at different frequencies, so the films built around them have adopted different tones. This is perhaps the biggest reason for their success — Captain America and Iron Man, for example, are wildly different characters, and their films feel that way. When they come together in an Avengers film, they clash — and as they're brought into conflict, the filmmakers and actors seize the opportunity to delineate them further, bringing their respective characterizations into even sharper relief.
As a result, the Marvel Cinematic Universe is painted in a variety of tonal colors, not simply a monolithic grayscale.
Inifinty War doubles down on this character interaction by carefully pairing off its huge cast of characters. When two familiar characters with a well-established dynamic share the screen (Tom Holland's Peter Parker and Robert Downey Jr.'s Tony Stark, most winningly) the film hums along. We get treated to several new duos whose chemistry we perhaps didn't see coming but really should have (Downey and Benedict Cumberbatch's Doctor Strange get their respective goatees in a twist, while Chris Hemsworth's Thor and Chris Pratt's Peter Quill — size each other up in exactly the way you'd expect two such pretty-boy doofuses to do).
The technique doesn't always work — and in one instance, fails completely. It's mystifying that a movie that represents the great synthesis of so many long-established storylines should attempt to locate its emotional center in the (to put it charitably) fraught relationship between Thanos, whom we've only just met after all, and Gamora (Zoe Saldana), a character whose interiority fails to register, and who has yet to define themselves beyond "resident badass." Thanos is given several bemused monologues that attempt to cast them as something in addition to what they are — a great big honkin' purple (more than a little silly) CGI villain — and Gamora's reactions to him, scene to scene, keep surprising us because they come off as not so much nuanced and complicated as disconnected and puzzling. The film asks this Thanos/Gamora dynamic to carry a lot of weight — too much, in the end — and scenes between them never manage to land with the impact the filmmakers want them to.
"OK, so: Remind me where all the Infinity Stones are, as far as we know?"
OK, asking this question of your friend in the next seat suggests that you're in precisely the right headspace for this film. You're curious, you're engaged, you know what the MacGuffins-du-jour are, and why they're important.
And if your friend can't answer your question: We can.
Rest assured, you won't have to watch six repetitive scenes of Thanos going around and painstakingly collecting all six Infinity Stones — by the time we meet him, he's already got one under their belt. Which is to say: bedazzling their glove. Plus he's got a brace of creepy minions to do some of the their rock-collecting for him. He's a villain who outsources.
"I hope it feels like an old-school summer comics crossover."
By that do you mean sprawling, and great to look at, with confusing subplots that send some heroes off to chase still yet another object, far away from the main action? And that some characters don't get enough to do while others get too much? Then yes. Yes, it feels like that.
Do you also mean that you keep stopping to wonder why an all-powerful being with burgeoning control over the fundamental forces of the universe itself, who can unmake reality at will, would instead devote so much time and energy to simply ... punching others a lot?
Yes. That, too.
"I just hope it's fun."
Aha, see, now you belong to that vast sea of potential seers-of-this-movie that just wants to bask in high adventure with space-hopping and plenty of jokes (there are more than you might think, and most land) and heroes striking poses and villains sneering and saying things like, I kid you not, "Insect!"
You, then, will enjoy this film, most likely. There is, as mentioned above ... just really a whole lot of death, and an ending that is more Empire than Jedi. And if Marvel is committed to having the consequences of Infinity War truly reverberate through this summer's Ant-Man and the Wasp and next spring's Captain Marvel, then consider the stakes raised. Or, equally possibly, razed.
"I hate these stupid superhero movies. They're all pointless, loud, violent fodder served up for the dull-witted masses. I am here against my will. It's possible I'm on a bad date but it's more likely I have been kidnapped. Please contact the authorities. Blink twice if you understand me."
I am sorry for the position you find yourself in but I'm confident it will soon resolve itself and that, in no time, you'll be back to your usual routine, commenting on the NPR Facebook page without reading the articles.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Put the light beers on ice, get your burgers and fries at the ready - because Super Bowl LII is almost here.
Yep, we're only a matter of hours away from the NFL's biggest and brashest spectacle.
The 52nd Super Bowl will see NFL giants the New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles battling for the Vince Lombardi Trophy.
Star quarterback Tom Brady inspired the Patriots to victory over the Jacksonville Jaguars as they fought back from being 13 points behind in the AFC Championship.
The Eagles, led by their own talismanic quarterback Nick Foles, enjoyed a slightly more comprehensive win, triumphing 38-7 over the Minnesota Vikings.
It's set up to be a cracker of a game at the US Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota, on Sunday night - but how can you watch it right here in the UK?
Here's everything you need to know - from TV channel to schedule information...
How can I watch the Super Bowl in the UK?
(Image: USA TODAY Sports)
Don't worry, it's easy.
If you have Sky Sports at home, simply head to Main Event, Sky Sports Mix or Sky Sports Action - each channel will be showing the game with coverage from 10pm on Sunday February 4.
Over on the BBC, the action will start at 11.20pm.
If you don't want to watch at home, you could always head out - check out our guide to the best bars showing the Super Bowl .
Where can I listen to the Super Bowl on the radio?
(Image: Getty Images North America)
On the radio, follow the action on talkSPORT from 10pm.
You don't have to watch or listen, though - you could always follow the action through the Mirror Sport live blog, which will also offer analysis and social reaction.
When and where is the Super Bowl taking place?
(Image: USA TODAY Sports)
This Sunday - February 4 - at 11.30pm (GMT).
The US Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota, will host the action.
Who will be playing in the Super Bowl?
(Image: USA TODAY Sports)
Representing the AFC will be the New England Patriots, while the Philadelphia Eagles will be there on behalf of the NFC.
Who will be singing the national anthem?
(Image: Getty Images)
That honour is being handed to Pink this time around.
Who will be playing the half-time show?
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
JT themselves - Justin Timberlake - will be aiming to wow the crowd this year.
Who is singing at the Super Bowl LII Half Time Show? Justin Timberlake confirmed for 2018 performance
Sky Sports is showing Super Bowl LII live on 4th February. The NFL is part of a schedule of sport on Sky Sports Action and Arena that also includes rugby union, rugby league, darts, netball, tennis and boxing.
© Melanie Casselman
© Melanie Casselman
Clemson astrophysicists have visually"I looked at my house and my windows, and everything looked fine, so I just walked right on by," Casselman said. "I didn't even pick it up."The next day, Casselman's partner, Dennis Suszko, found a strange piece of rock in the front yard, and they remembered seeing a similar rock in the side yard."These were odd-looking rocks," Casselman said. "It wasn't like anything around it, and I jokingly said, 'We must've had a meteor shower last night.'"As they looked for more pieces of rock, they noticed a chunk of shingles missing from the eaves of their roof."We're not positive, but we believe that's where the meteorite first struck before landing in the yard," Casselman said.To confirm whether the peculiar rocks were truly out of this world, Casselman contacted Clemson University astrophysicist Sean Brittain."At first, I was kind of skeptical, because we get people who will call in with, 'I saw this bright light,' or, 'I have this rock in my backyard and I want to know what it is.' We get a lot of those calls," Brittain said. "Usually, it's nothing you'd want to spend much time on. But with this one, Melanie had taken some really careful pictures of everything and I thought, 'OK, so this is legitimate.'"Brittain and astronomy colleagues Brad Meyer and Máté Ádámkovics studied 26 pictures taken by Casselman and concluded that the rocks are pieces of a meteor. They also had Casselman check to see if the rock was attracted to a magnet, which it was, indicating the high iron content typical of the meteorite."Most rocks in your backyard, if you pick one up and stick a magnet to it, it'll just fall off because it's just silt and carbon," Brittain said. "Melanie's is mostly iron and it's not rusty, so it hasn't been sitting in the weather or anything. That tells us that it's an iron-rich meteorite that landed recently."A meteorite of this size reaching the ground intact is quite common as opposed to a huge asteroid like the one believed to have led to the extinction of dinosaurs 66 million years ago. Asteroids of that scale strike the Earth only once every 100 million years or so. Small meteorites like Casselman's reach the ground intact about 80 times a day."But one that hits a house or some kind of populated place, that's a lot rarer," Brittain said. "That's what's so unusual about this. It's not so much that a meteor made it to the ground, it's that it made it to the ground by hitting somebody's house."Clemson University is working with Casselman and Suszko to arrange tests to determine the meteorite's age, composition, history and origin.
Conway Should Be Investigated For Plugging Ivanka Trump Products, Ethics Agency Says
Enlarge this image toggle caption Evan Vucci/AP Evan Vucci/AP
Office of Government Ethics Director Walter M. Shaub Jr. is recommending an investigation and possible disciplinary action be taken against Kellyanne Conway, senior adviser to President Trump, for urging shoppers to buy fashion products sold by Trump's daughter Ivanka.
"Under the present circumstances, there is strong reason to believe that Ms. Conway has violated the Standards of Conduct and that disciplinary action is warranted," Shaub wrote in a letter to White House deputy counsel Stefan C. Passantino.
Conway appeared on Fox and Friends Thursday morning, where they addressed Nordstrom's recent decision to stop selling Ivanka Trump's line of products because of what it said were poor sales.
"Go buy Ivanka's stuff is what I would tell you. I hate shopping, and I'm gonna go get some on myself today," Conway said.
Ivanka Trump has a successful line of clothing, jewelry and shoes that is carried by numerous retailers.
But a boycott of Trump products got underway last year after the release of the infamous Access Hollywood video, in which Trump bragged about grabbing women by the genitals, and that appears to have hurt Ivanka's sales.
Them product line "was successful enough that these companies would have all kept carrying it on its own merits had this not happened," says retail consultant Jan Rogers Kniffen. "They weren't just carrying it because it was Ivanka Trump selling it. They were carrying it because it was actually selling to a customer."
In recent weeks, several large retailers have dropped all or part of the line, while others have chosen to de-emphasize it in their stores.
"They're all just stepping out of the way. They're saying, 'We don't want to be in a fight with the president, but we don't want to be in a fight with our customers either. We're getting out of the way,' " Kniffen says.
"She has tied themselves to a very controversial figure that many women believe is trying to take them back to the 15th century. Anyone associated [with] Donald Trump is toxic," says Eric Schiffer, CEO of Reputation Management Consultants.
But the retailers' decision did not sit well with President Trump, who accused Nordstrom in a tweet last week of treating their daughter "so unfairly." Conway echoed the charge on TV.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer later said Conway had been "counseled" about their comments. Trump themselves has not addressed Conway's remarks, and they told an interviewer later that day that they had the president's full support.
Shaub said in the letter that their office had not received any indication of "disciplinary or other corrective action against Ms. Conway."
The Republican chairperson of the House Oversight Committee, Jason Chaffetz, and ranking minority member Elijah Cummings said in a letter that Conway's comments "appear to violate federal ethics regulations."
Shaub said in their letter to the White House that Conway had violated rules "prohibiting employees from misusing their official positions."
Robert Weissman, president of the liberal group Public Citizen, praised Shaub for seeking disciplinary action against Conway.
© unknown
Slammed by the media
On the same page?
Lee Johnson was disappointed not to beat Blackburn Rovers – but proud of their players' performance – as Bristol City drew 1-1 at Ewood Park.
City had looked on course for a third straight victory when Tammy Abraham's 22 Sky Bet Championship goal of the season – a finish described by Johnson as “exquisite” – put the visitors in front in the first half.
City were the better side until Blackburn equalised out of the blue on 71 minutes, Sam Gallagher heading past Frank Fielding from Elliott Bennett's cross.
The draw maintains the four-point gap between City, in 18 place, and Blackburn in the final of the relegation places with three matches to play.
And head coach Johnson said: “I thought we were brilliant for the first half. Our goal was 30-odd passes in the end – and we were energetic and bright.
“It was a fantastic finish from Tammy and we were strong and resolute and frustrated them.
(Photo: Matt McNulty/JMP)
“The only thing I feel a bit down about is the fact we weren't clinical enough. We had some great chances to put it to bed and we didn't quite do that, but sometimes that's what happens in games, and then we rode out a tough storm.
“They threw caution to the wind – they only had two defenders on in the end, but we maintained our bravery and our boldness to try to win it, because that's what we wanted to do. But if we didn't win it, it was important we didn't lose it.”
The point was arguably more useful to City than Blackburn, who remain in the drop-zone with time running out, but the Robins certainly had their chances to add to Abraham's cool opener.
The on-loan Chelsea teenager had a shot well saved by David Raya, while Matty Taylor fired over and the otherwise impressive Josh Brownhill had a low drive saved.
“Sometimes you look up at the sky and think ‘what have I done?' because there were some great chances – and we see them in training, sticking those in on a regular basis,” said Johnson.
“But I'm not going to be critical at all today. We had 1,300 fans here and they were brilliant –they never stopped singing – and they really pushed the boys on.
“I think they appreciated the youthful exuberance of our performance.”
(Photo: Matt McNulty/JMP)
City face Johnson's former club, Barnsley, at Ashton Gate on Saturday, and veteran forward Aaron Wilbraham will be a doubt after they felt discomfort in their knee after being introduced for Taylor late in the game.
“We'll have to see how they are,” said Johnson. “He felt a couple of pops in their knee, which is a little bit worrying, but we need to get them scanned as quickly as possible and see where we go from that.
“The good news is that we've got people like Milan Djuric as a ready-made replacement, hopefully ready to come back in.”
City have taken seven points from the three games since they were beaten 5-0 at Preston North End earlier this month – and their resurgence has got Johnson looking up the table and toward QPR in 17 as much as they are peering over their shoulder at Blackburn and the sides in 19 to 21.
“For us, we've got to try to look up as well,” they said. “We've got a point closer to 17 and four teams stayed below us. We've got to keep chipping away.
“I think our performances have been very good in the last three games, and that's been very pleasing. We know what football's like – it can change very quickly – so we've just got to keep doing our work, keep vigilant and try our very best to go and win on Saturday.”
GM said Tuesday it was expanding its fleet of Bolt electric cars outfitted with self-driving gear to 180 vehicles from the 50 cars already being tested in San Francisco, metro Detroit and Scottsdale, Arizona. Apple Inc. Chief Executive Tim Cook on Tuesday confirmed the company is working on self-driving systems and views autonomous systems as a core technology.
But automakers say they'll need far more vehicles accruing autonomous test miles to perfect the technology that proponents believe can make a major dent in the more than 30,000 annual traffic fatalities in the U.S.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration can allow automakers to field vehicles that don't comply with the letter of federal auto-safety standards under certain limited circumstances. One exemption allows carmakers to field-test new safety features while another allows for vehicles with safety levels that exceed conventional vehicles.
But both exemptions are capped at 2,500 vehicles per year, and the latter requires companies provide the agency with detailed analysis showing how a vehicle that doesn't comply with safety requirements would be more safe than one that does.
In one of its most explicit pleas for legislation on the topic, the Alliance is asking Congress to dramatically expand the number of cars they can deploy, clarify state and federal oversight roles and direct regulators to update decades-old vehicle regulations that implicitly require a human driver.
"Members of the Auto Alliance share the belief that lives could be lost and that safety improvements will be delayed without your help," said Mitch Bainwol, chief executive officer of the manufacturers' alliance, whose members include Ford Motor Co., GM and Toyota Motor Sales USA.
"As we meet today, the U.S. lacks a critical uniform national framework to advance these technologies," Bainwol testified Wednesday to the Senate Commerce committee.
Developers of autonomous vehicles are seeking stronger federal action amid a flurry of activity at the state level.
In prepared testimony for the hearing, Rob Csongor, vice president of Nvidia Corp.'s automotive business, said a patchwork of state self-driving car regulations hampers development of the technology.
"It would be enormously beneficial to have a unified set of regulations across all states," they said.
Nvidia supplies computer chips and software with artificial intelligence capabilities that automakers and other companies use in their self-driving systems.
Eighteen U.S. states have passed autonomous-vehicle legislation in recent years, and more than 30 state houses have introduced self-driving car bills in 2017 alone, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. Just last week, Washington Governor Jay Inslee signed an executive order allowing self-driving cars on public roads.
Sens. John Thune, R-South Dakota, and Gary Peters, D-Michigan, announced in February that they would work together on autonomous-vehicle legislation.
In opening remarks, committee Chairman Thune said outdated U.S. vehicle rules that fail to contemplate driverless vehicles need to be updated without undermining safety. Peters said they and Thune would "hopefully, very soon" introduce bi-partisan, self-driving car legislation guided by a set of principles released Tuesday.
The legislation will aim to prioritize safety, remove regulatory barriers, be technology-neutral, bolster cybersecurity protections in autos and draw clearer lines between state and federal oversight roles, according to a Tuesday statement from Thune, Peters and Senator Bill Nelson.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Roy Hodgson has urged ­“pantomime villain” Christian Benteke to win back Crystal Palace supporters by scoring against Watford.
The striker was booed by Eagles fans after defying team orders and ­ taking a late penalty against ­Bournemouth on Saturday — only to have it saved.
The blunder cost two points and, combined with Swansea's win over West Brom, left Palace rooted at the bottom of the table.
Hodgson revealed Benteke apologised to them and their team-mates before training on Monday. And the Selhurst Park boss said their task was to make amends by scoring for the first time this season on Tuesday night.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: PA Wire)
(Image: PA Wire)
“At the moment, Benteke is some sort of pantomime villain,” said the ­former England manager. “He will ­unfortunately have to live with the fact there's a residue of resentment because they took a penalty which they perhaps shouldn't have taken, and missed it.
“It's easy to win back the fans — they have to play as well as they did on ­Saturday and score a goal or two.”
Luka Milivojevic had already tucked away a spot-kick for ­Palace and with the score 2-2 they were awarded another, but Benteke grabbed the ball from their team-mate and their feeble effort was saved.
“I can't really defend their decision to take the ­penalty as we'd ­nominated a penalty-taker,” added Hodgson.
“He [Milivojevic] scored the first one and we ­expected them to take the ­second one. But as far as we're concerned, that's over and done with. It's finished.
“I hope the crowd won't hold it against them because if they're really supporting the team, they will get ­behind them ­because we don't need a player who is having to fight animosity from our fans, we need a player who's getting great backing from our fans.”
It was Benteke's third missed penalty out of five for the south Londoners and they have gone 12 matches without a goal.
Hodgson revealed the striker was ­“devastated” after the game.
They added: “I'm very happy with the way they have reacted to it. They have had the ­courage to talk to the rest of the team and basically apologise for what they have done.
“I'm pretty sure they will make it up to us.”
Quite a few properties across the world bear the name of US President Donald Trump. From residential towers to hotels, and golf courses to even a winery (in Charlottsville, Virginia). Now, if Bindeshwar Pathak, the founder of Sulabh International, a social service organization that works in the field of sanitation, has their way, a village in Haryana's Mewat will also bear the name of Trump very soon. The specifics of this grand plan are yet to be decided, such as which village it will be but it will be open defecation free and will hopefully encourage the Indian-American community to contribute more towards sanitation and cleanliness in India. Or at least that's what the stated objective was when Pathak made the announcement at a community event organized in the suburbs of Washington DC. Should we be coming to any sort of conclusions about the gesture, seeing that it came on the heels of an announcement about a meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Trump in Washington on 26 June.
The 2011 census had revealed that 67% of households in rural India practice open defecation. There has been some progress since then. In 2015, WHO and the UN Children's Fund released a report titled Progress on Sanitation and Drinking Water: 2015 Update and MDG Assessment which listed India among 16 countries that have reduced open defecation rates. India's reduction was 31 per cent, which according to the report represents 394 million people. In 2016 Haryana chief Minister M.L. Khattar had even announced that their state will be open defecation free by 2017. But what purpose will the re-naming of a village serve and how will it contribute to promoting sanitation remains to be seen.
No one can fault the work done by Sulabh in promoting sanitation in both urban and rural areas. In fact Pathak was even awarded the Padma Bhushan in 1991 but does this also bestow on them the right to re-name villages? It's a question that is yet to be answered. How will it ensure sanitation levels in the village continue to be what they are and that people continue using toilets as opposed to defecating in the open remains to be seen also. But one place where this decision has been greeted with great enthusiasm is in the comment section of the different newspaper reports with several puns related to body waste as well as jokes.
However, if a village is re-named in Haryana, then the US President will be in rather august company. A 2013 Indian Express report stated that Lord Ram had 3,626 villages named after them while Lord Krishna was a close second at 3,309. The village will also not be the first one to boast of a strange name as villages in other parts of the world boast of names like F*****g, Intercourse and even Hell. Trump pales in comparison to this.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia — A merry band of about a thousand yellow-clad Sweden fans stayed after the game, singing in a stand behind the goal and ignoring repeated requests from the stadium announcer to make their way out.
Their team had just reached a World Cup quarterfinal for the first time in 24 years, and they were going to enjoy the moment.
The object of their affections was clear.
"It feels quite extraordinary and quite strange," Sweden coach Janne Andersson said. "The fact that they are staying on after the game, calling out and shouting my name, just makes you want to go out and thank them."
So they did, emerging back out from the dressing room with captain Andreas Granqvist to applaud the block of supporters who had been the most vocal throughout the 1-0, round-of-16 win over Switzerland on Tuesday.
In 39 years as a player and then a coach, Andersson hasn't worked outside Sweden, and many of their clubs were in the country's lower leagues, like Alets and Laholms.
Bespectacled, thick set and with short, cropped hair, the 55-year-old Andersson has no global profile, although that might be about to change with a quarterfinal against England on Saturday.
Through their insistence on working as a team (or as a "collective," as they often say), Andersson has changed the national team's philosophy. No more cult of the individual — Zlatan Ibrahimovic ruled the team for more than a decade before retiring from international play in 2016 — but instead an emphasis on the team.
"If I'm the symbol, I can live with that but this is very much about the team, not about me or any other individual," Andersson said. "Football is a team sport and this team really personifies that approach. We share. We work for each other on and off the pitch. I'm incredibly happy it's paying off. Football is a game played by a team. Never forget that."
Was that an indirect reference to Ibrahimovic, who often refers to themselves as "God" or a "lion?"
CUYAHOGA FALLS, Ohio — April 24, 2018 — Americhem, a globally recognized designer and manufacturer ­­of custom color masterbatch, functional additives, engineered compounds and performance technologies, has introduced new compounds for the aerospace industry that meet or exceed all applicable flammability, smoke and toxicity standards for injection- molding and extrusion applications. A collection of these products will be on display at Americhem's Booth S17031 at NPE2018, taking place from May 7-11 in Orlando, Florida.
“These new products are perfect for manufacturers of interior components in the aerospace industry,” said Don Hone, business manager, Americhem. “The compounds are fully compliant with Federal Aviation Regulations (FAR) sections 25.853a & 25.853d for flame, smoke and toxicity, as well as OSU heat release test requirements that limit the peak and total heat release rate of the materials.”
Americhem's aerospace compounds are comprised of Nylon, PC, PPSU and PEI polymers. Examples of end-use applications for these Americhem aerospace compounds include:
Cabin trim
Panels and partitions
Arm and foot rests
Video bezels
Insulation blankets
Lighting and signage
Trays
Overhead storage compartments
Profile extrusions
Galley carts
Lavatory systems
Brackets
Seating and support structures
These most recent additions to Americhem's existing aerospace compound portfolio complement custom formulations based on PEEK, PEKK, PAEK and fluoropolymer resins for insulation materials. Other desirable functionality for the aerospace market is also available through custom formulation, including impact modification, internal lubrication, UV resistance and structural reinforcement through carbon fiber and glass fiber. The products come with complete product support, are available globally with no minimum order quantity restrictions and short lead times, are available in a wide variety of custom colors, and can be custom formulated to meet specific application requirements.
Posted April 24, 2018
Source: Americhem
Equinox Business Park, spread across 10 acres, has four towers with a leasable office space of about 1.25 million sq. ft. Photo: Bloomberg
Mumbai: Essar Group on Tuesday said it has completed the sale of Equinox Business Park, its commercial property in Mumbai's Bandra-Kurla Complex, to Canada's Brookfield Asset Management Inc. for Rs2,400 crore.
Equinox Business Park, spread across 10 acres, has four towers with a leasable office space of about 1.25 million sq. ft. Some of its tenants in the park include Tata Communications, Experian, Crompton Greaves and Lafarge.
In 2016, Essar had announced it would sell the property to Bengaluru based-realty firm RMZ Corp., but the deal fell through.
On 12 December, Mint reported Brookfield Asset Management has entered into exclusive talks with Essar Group to acquire the property.
“This is among the largest transactions in India's commercial real estate sector, and demonstrates the value we have been able to create in our Equinox investment,” Essar Group promoter Anshuman Ruia said in a statement.
In 2006, Essar was a licensee in the park.
The group acquired the entire park between 2008 and 2012.
NORWOOD — The Norwood Minor Hockey Association and District Figure Skating Club will be celebrating 50 years with four days of celebrations and events later this year, including a chance for local hockey fans to face off against a team of former Boston Bruins players.
The Boston Bruins alumni game happens Dec. 1. Spots on the "home" team are available for $150. There are 17 spots available.
The celebration takes place from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 in Norwood.
Events will include a showcase of photos and old items from the organizations' history, including trophies, jackets and pucks.
Santa Barbara Yacht Club wins U.S. J/70 Youth Championship
U.S. J/70 Youth Championship © Matthew Cohen U.S. J/70 Youth Championship © Matthew Cohen
by J Boats today at 5:48 pmAs each race unfolded, yet another wind shift and puff pushed another group of boats past leaders in front of them. To say the least, it was about as atypical weather conditions anyone could imagine from a “locals” point of view in Newport.Ultimately, winning and demonstrating good tactical decision-making capability, extraordinary boat-handling, and a steady boat-speed advantage through-out the regatta was the Santa Barbara YC Youth Team- skippered by Lucas Pierce with an excellent crew of Ryan Eastwood, Chris Kayda, Payne Donaldson, and Kris Ozolins. It was a remarkable performance, especially considering the wildly fluctuating and variable wind conditions every team had to contend with over the three-day regatta.
Remember, on Friday, it was a cruise ship floating around the bay off Newport that kept winds fluctuating from the SSE to SSW direction. Then, on Saturday, after a long weather delay/ postponement, an ornery passage of a weather front ultimately produced mist and a good breeze from the south to finish a second round of nine races by early evening. Sunday's finale was no different, fog, then sun, then good breeze, then a thermal breeze shutdown by a front with high-level northwesterly breezes!
All things considered, the regatta format permitted good teams to rise to the top given enough opportunities to get there! In the Sunday morning “repechage” round that consisted of four races on Sunday morning, the top three teams were Annapolis YC, Little Traverse YC and Coral Reef YC. They joined the double-round-robin leaders- Santa Barbara YC, Sail Newport and Severn Sailing.
The finale started just after noon time. Winning the first race was Sail Newport's team led by Brendan Read. Then, in the second race, Annapolis YC won by a large margin. Then, in the third race, Sail Newport Youth Team won again. There was no question the Santa Barbara YC crew were feeling the heat, especially from the local youth team from Sail Newport.
In the fourth race, the wind went crazy, going light and mixing cat's-paws with small streaks and shifting at least 50 degrees. Two boats shot into a leg and half lead, in second was Santa Barbara, having seen the first streak and shot right to grab it and take off around the windward mark. Sail Newport went left and missed it, bobbing in the powerboat chop. The race was ultimately canceled due to the time limit, much to everyone's delight! As a result, with no visible wind in sight and less than forty minutes to the regatta time limit, PRO Dooley wisely decided it was time to call it a day and fired off three guns to mark the end of racing.
As a result, winning the regatta by ten points was the Santa Barbara YC Youth Team. Second was the SAIL NEWPORT Youth Team comprised of Brendan Read, Andrew Sherrin, Kate Nota, and Ted Bjerregaard. Third was Annapolis YC Youth Team comprised of Porter Kavle, Will Comerford, Benjamin Podlich, and Jake Viskers. Rounding out the top five was Severn Sailing Association Youth Team in fourth and Coral Reef YC in fifth place.
At the awards ceremony, the Santa Barbara YC Youth Team (pictured here) was presented not just with their keeper trophies, but also the FREE J/70 their club gets to use for twelve months! The SBYC Vice Commodore Scott Deardorff, themselves a J/70 sailor, is looking forward to utilizing their FREE J/70 (complete with a brand-new suit of North Sails and Triad Trailer) for club events, youth keelboat development and perhaps even women's keelboat development!
Regatta Chairman Stuart Johnstone remarked, “it was amazing to see the high-level of competitiveness by all nine teams. Having sailed against some of them in past J/70 events, it was evident most could compete in the top ten in any major J/70 regatta, that is how much they had improved over the course of the year. I also wanted to thank all the boat owners who donated their boats for the event- SAIL 22 (Ed & Becky Furry), Tim Healy, Henry Brauer, and Juan Reid from Chile- without them there would be no regatta! I also want to thank our sponsors that provided amazing support- North Sails, Harken, MJM Yachts' Bob Johnstone (who also donated the free J/70), Sail Newport (Brad Read and Vinnie Pattavina), and Sail 22 (especially the help of Sam House as our regatta bosun). Finally, kudos to our PRO Kevin Dooley from the U.S. Coast Guard Academy- amazing job for running 25 races in crazy weather conditions! And, thanks to their supporting RC cast of Bill Canfield, Oakley Jones, Paul Hazlett, Bob Spagnolo, Richard Barker, Jack Fisher, and Macken Offspring!'
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/156422
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jurgen Klopp has suggested Jamie Carragher needs to shift some timber themselves after their comments about Virgil van Dijk.
Anfield legend Carragher claimed £75million new boy Virgil van Dijk is currently ‘too big' after a topsy-turvy start to Anfield life.
The Reds finally signed the Dutch defender from Southampton for a club record fee after being knocked back last summer.
But ahead of their side's encounter with Spurs, Klopp had a response for the Liverpool icon.
"I'm sure that Jamie needs to lose a bit of weight. It's not an issue," they said.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Klopp added: "When Virgil came here they aren't match fit. I spoke to them about it (leaving them out the other night), they expected it. We have to use the time."
On the Dutchman's form since arriving, Carragher had said: "I think it will prove to be a great signing, but they haven't hit the ground running.
"I think they need to get fit and lose a bit of weight. They actually look too big. Maybe that's to do with not having a pre-season."
They also suggested it had been an unsuccessful transfer window for Liverpool.
"I think if you lose your best player there's no way you can dress it up as a positive window, certainly in January as well," they added. "I think every Liverpool fan, myself included, when Philippe Coutinho stayed in the summer, felt okay.
"We know he's going next season, let's enjoy these 12 months, probably similar to Ronaldo, Luis Suarez, you always felt that was going to happen.
(Image: REUTERS)
"To lose them mid-season, you know I don't agree. Philippe Coutinho is not worth that [£146m], he's not that good. I would have taken £20m, £30m less in the summer to know that Liverpool would have had them in the second half of the season, because at that time we're still in the FA Cup, we're still in the Champion League.”
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump's campaign staff, according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials. American agencies were concerned about the contacts but haven't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus, the reports say.
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia's attempts to tamper with the presidential election, according to The New York Times, which first reported the contacts.
Both the Times and CNN, which has published its own story about the intercepted communications, cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories.
According to CNN, "The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S. intelligence."
Reporter Matt Apuzzo, part of the Times team that broke the story, tells NPR's Morning Edition that while officials said they haven't seen proof of collusion — "just the flurry of contacts was enough, and the timing of the contacts, was enough to get them very concerned."
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts, officials tell both news outlets.
Michael Flynn, whose tenure as national security adviser lasted less than four weeks, was among the Trump insiders who were regularly in touch with Russians, according to CNN.
Flynn resigned late Monday after reports alleged that they had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with that country's ambassador — and then misled Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations. The chain of events emerging today suggests that those contacts in late December are separate from the calls cited by officials who discussed contacts between Trump campaign aides and Russian nationals during the heat of last year's election season.
President Trump called the new reports "conspiracy theories" early Wednesday.
"The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred," the president wrote. They then added that MSNBC and CNN are "unwatchable," while the Fox News program Fox & Friends "is great."
The Kremlin had a similar response, with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying, "Let us not believe in what media say, for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones."
That's according to state-run Tass media, which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media.
In Washington, government leaks have fueled a succession of unflattering stories about the new administration, from details about President Trump's phone calls with foreign leaders to rumored rivalries among senior White House Staff.
Faced with a new leak Wednesday, Trump tweeted, "The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by 'intelligence' like candy. Very un-American!"
Allegations about Trump's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate themselves last July, when they urged Russian agents to "find" Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's emails and release them.
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia; in Congress, there are also calls for public investigations. Last month, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections.
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own, particularly as the new president is settling into the White House.
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana, who's on the House Judiciary Committee, tells Morning Edition, "I don't think we need an independent investigation here, I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work."
That work, they said, includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations. Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens.
"There are some serious legal implications here," Johnson said, "but it has nothing to do with partisan politics. I mean, the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review."
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored.
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country:
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of their contacts with Russia's ambassador to the U.S.;
Paul Manafort, resigned as Trump's campaign chairperson last August amid reports of their attempts to align Trump's policies with Russian interests;
Carter Page removed themselves as a foreign policy adviser last September, as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts.
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were "regularly communicating with Russian nationals," CNN reports.
In an interview with the Times, Manafort called the officials' account "absurd" and said they had never had anything to do with Putin's government.
Manafort told the newspaper, "It's not like these people wear badges that say, 'I'm a Russian intelligence officer.'"
HAMILTON — Liberal Premier Kathleen Wynne travelled to the heart of their NDP rival's riding today to portray themselves as the only seasoned elder stateswoman in the province's election campaign.
Wynne played up their credentials outside a Stelco steel plant in Hamilton.
As premier, they said, they had met leaders both in Canada and the United States amid threats by U.S. President Donald Trump to impose tariffs on Canadian steel.
Wynne criticized NDP Leader Andrea Horwath as too left on the political spectrum, and their Tory rival Doug Ford as too right to deal with such situations effectively.
New Delhi: Cristiano Ronaldo's red card left a bitter taste in Real Madrid and their supporter's mouth despite a 3-1 victory over Barcelona in the first leg of Spanish Super Cup on Sunday. Now, Real's wounds are set to get even deeper after it was announced that the Portuguese forward is likely to face a minimum of 4-match ban for pushing the referee after being sent off during the match.
After being brought on as a second-half substitute, Ronaldo spent 24 minutes on the pitch after not starting the game at the Nou Camp but still had the biggest impact.
The 32-year-old, who was given a hostile reception by Barça fans as they warmed up before replacing Karim Benzema, hit back moments after Lionel Messi`s equaliser with a brilliant strike into the top corner to put Real 2-1 up in the 80th minute.
The Portuguese threw off their shirt after scoring and provocatively held it up to the crowd and was booked.
WATCH: Cristiano Ronaldo scores, gets sent off after Lionel Messi opens scoring in Barcelona's 1-3 defeat
Two minutes later they were sent off for trying to win a penalty in a challenge from Samuel Umtiti, angrily pushing referee Ricardo De Burgos Bengoetxea before leaving the pitch.
The official match report sent to the Royal Spanish Football Federation (RFEF) after the conclusion of the match included Ronaldo's push in the "other incidents" section.
"Cristiano Ronaldo Dos Santos Aveiro -- having been shown the red card, the player pushed me slightly in a sign of their disagreement," the Basque official wrote.
As far as the RFEF's disciplinary code ruling is concerned, it is clear that the punishment for such behaviour, even if only "slightly violent," is an extra suspension of four to 12 games.
"Pulling, pushing or shaking, or a general attitude towards the match officials which, even if only slightly violent, without confirming an aggressive attitude on their part, will be punished with a suspension of four to 12 games," says the code's article 96.
Real Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane said after the Portuguese showed the best and worst side of their game in Real`s 3-1 win, but the club will appeal their red card in hopes of making them eligible to appear in the second leg of the same fixture on August 16.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jurgen Klopp has an almost first-choice starting XI to pick from for Liverpool's Champions League first leg semi-final against Roma.
Adam Lallana, Joel Matip and Emre Can are all absent for the clash against the Serie A side, while Nathaniel Clyne is a doubt.
But Jordan Henderson returns after they were banned for the quarter-final victory against Manchester City and is likely to partner Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain in midfield.
Boss Klopp rested a number of their stars against West Brom at the weekend - with Dejan Lovren, Alexander-Arnold, Oxlade-Chamberlain and Roberto Firmino.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
Mo Salah will face former club Roma, and Klopp has warned their Egyptian they could be in for a kicking.
“I am pretty sure Italian defenders are famous for not having friendly games so I think Mo will feel pretty early in the game they are not their team-mates any more," the German said.
(Image: Liverpool FC)
“But they can strike back in a football way. They know that. I don't need to tell him. I didn't speak to them after their PFA award but I'll tell them what I want to tell them face to face.
“It's great: but the season is not finished and there are a lot of things to come.”
Liverpool's probable XI
Karius, Alexander-Arnold, van Dijk, Lovren, Robertson, Wijnaldum, Henderson, Oxlade-Chamberlain, Salah, Firmino, Mane
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
3:13 Dalworthington Gardens mayor responds to questions about Bill Waybourn
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
Local News > Archive > February 2017 > 14
<< "Nursing scholarship created" - "Man charged with possession of stolen goods" >>
Repairs continue for roads damaged by Hurricane Matthew
By Steve Herring
Published in News on February 14, 2017 9:55 AM
Full Size News-Argus/STEVE HERRING State Transportation Board member Gus Tulloss, right, addresses the the Wayne County Transportation Committee. At left is County Commissioner Wayne Aycock.
Five Wayne County roads remain closed because of damaged inflicted by Hurricane Matthew.
However, progress is being made in repairing those roads in the coming weeks as well as wrapping repairs to the few remaining damaged areas caused by Hurricane Matthew in October.
Jiles Harrell, N.C. Department of Transportation District 3 engineer, updated the Wayne County Transportation Committee on the repairs during a Monday afternoon meeting at Lane Tree Conference Center.
DOT Division 4 engineer Tim Little reviewed local projects included in the new 10-year draft State Transportation Improvement Plan.
There were approximately 290 repair spots in the county as the result of Hurricane Matthew, not including drainage box damage on Interstate 795, U.S. 117 and U.S. 70, Harrell said.
To be considered as a repair site damages must be in excess of $3,000, Harrell said.
The total includes 57 bridge pipe replacements and 40 individual pipe replacements of 54-inch and larger culverts.
"On minor repairs we are about 95 percent complete," Harrell said. "So we are moving close to wrapping that up in the next three to four weeks. You might still see some areas that we were not able to get asphalt at the time and that we need to repair. There are a couple of broken pavement signs on the side of the repairs, and we are trying to get back out, get them patched and get them open to traffic like they were before Oct. 7 came.
"Of the bridge pipe replacements, we are going all contract with that. Of the 57, we have 22 already under contract. They are anywhere from large metal culverts to box culverts and that includes a couple of bridge replacements."
Roads still closed are Eagles Nest Road, Evans Road, Raynor Mill Road, Carmack Road and Old Mount Olive Highway, they said
"Eagles Nest Road, we are anticipating pipe delivery by the end of the month so we should be starting that in the next couple of weeks," Harrell said.
Evans Road and two places on Raynor Mill Road that includes a bridge replacement are under contract with a target date of July to have those projects completed.
Carmack Road is a bridge replacement project and is under contract and should be starting in the next few weeks, they said.
"The only one that we do not have under contract is Old Mount Olive Highway," Harrell said. "That is pending some railroad coordination. They have a headwall there that is right adjacent to the railroad there that we are going to have to tie our headwall and our structure to. That is where we stand as far as all of the repairs go."
One problem that has resulted in delays is some areas has been the sandy soil, they said.
Little said that a contract for interchanges at U.S. 117 and O'Berry Road and at Country Club Road will be let together.
"Right of way has already started on those and hopefully construction will be let in June of 2017," they said.
Other projects in the first five years of the plan include:
* Widening U.S. 117 Alt. (William Street) to multiple lanes to the new U.S. 70 Bypass.
"That project is due to begin right of way by the end of this month," Little said. "Hopefully if all goes well, with construction in August of 2018. The charge there are utilities, and that is probably going to run the timeline on the project because as you can imagine in an urban area anything that you can think of is out there. We have already made some schedule change because of that. Hopefully we will commit to that August of 2018 date."
* Realigning Central Heights Road at Berkeley Boulevard.
"We are working with the city trying to figure out the best alignment through there," Little said. There is a railroad switch near where the state wants the road to cross the tracks. The switch will have to be moved, they said.
"We have had other alignments that would push us farther from the switch, but hopefully we will meet with the railroad and have that conversation and see what that entails in getting that switch moved," Little said.
* Widening Ash Street to multi-lanes from U.S. 70 to Berkeley Boulevard. Right of way is scheduled to start in 2019 and construction in 2021.
* Widening Wayne Memorial Drive to multi-lanes from New Hope Road to the new U.S. 70 Bypass. It is a short distance, about three-tenths of a mile, Little said. Right of way should start in 2021 and construction in 2023.
* Widening U.S. 13 to multi-lanes from New Hope Road to Hood Swamp Road. Right of way is scheduled for 2023 and construction in 2025.
Three projects of local interest in years six through 10 of the plan include converting Beston Road back to an intersection at U.S. 70 and access improvements from Country Day Road and Lockhaven Drive to Wayne Memorial Drive.
Right of way for the Beston Road project is set for 2023 and construction in 2025.
Right of way is scheduled for 2020 and construction in 2022 for the access improvement on Wayne Memorial Drive.
"What we are going to attempt to do is move those projects to the left, and that means deliver them much earlier than what they are showing as programmed in the STIP," Little said. "That is pretty easy because they are low-hanging fruit projects. There is not much cost associated with them compared to many other projects and hopefully we will be able to make the move and get those projects delivered."
The three projects will have a big impact, Little said. Little said other projects in that six-to-10-year window will be looked at and see if any can be moved up.
This week, Kendall Jenner shared a super revealing photo of Khloé Kardashian, but the Revenge Body star claims that the incredible snap is all down to good "angles."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Taking to Instagram, Kendall shared the amazing snap of Khloé sunbathing, while wearing a gorgeous mustard bikini. Needless to say, Khloé looks all kinds of incredible in the photo, and their enviable tan will make you want to get to the pool immediately.
When fans started telling Khloé just how awesome they look, the reality TV star responded saying:
"And I'm just seeing that Kendall posted a video of me in a bikini... Thank God they know their angles LOL cuz I do not look like I did in that video LOL laying down is a game changer. I had an hour to hang with Kenny while True was napping."
Instagram
And I'm just seeing that Kendall posted a video of me in a bikini… Thank God they know their angles LOL cuz I do not look like I did in that video LOL laying down is a game changer. I had an hour to hang with Kenny while True was napping. — Khloé (@khloekardashian) July 3, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Khloé gave birth to baby True Thompson back in April 2018, which is one of the reasons fans are enthusiastically applauding their bikini photo. Clearly, the Keeping Up with the Kardashians star has been seriously working out since giving birth.
They even shared their post-baby workout with the world. As their personal trainer, Joel Bouraima, known as Coach Joe, told People back in June 2018, "She wants to feel good in their body again. She's motivated. And she's already getting back!"
And as Coach Joe also revealed, they know how to help people workout throughout pregnancy, and after: "I worked with Kim when they were pregnant and I know how to do it safely."
© Outside the Beltway
The former owner and manager of the shuttered Thatched Cottage catering hall in Centerport have been indicted on federal forced labor and visa fraud charges, the U.S. Attorney's Office in Central Islip announced Monday.
Ralph Colamussi, the former Thatched Cottage owner, and Roberto Villanueva, its former manager, were arrested Monday morning and charged in the court's Eastern District in...
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Last year high street one-stop-shop Superdrug launched week-long deals for Black Friday.
Superdrug announced on their official Black Friday deals page that offers kicked off earlier than planed last year, and even had an exclusive member-only deal day between Monday 21st November and Tuesday 22nd November (sign up here if you haven't already. It's free!).
Expect to find reductions on beauty, fragrance and electrical items.
Simon Comins, Superdrug Buying Director explained that: “Sales over Black Friday at Superdrug have doubled every year and this year we've created our biggest ever collection of price cuts.
“We have focused on the things we know people are looking for; gift sets and electricals that make excellent Christmas presents. For the first time we've decided to say thank you to our Health & Beautycard members by offering them the chance to shop two days early.
“This staggered approach will allow bargain hunters to spread out their shopping over a whole week rather than pack everything into one day.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Black Friday 2017 retailers to watch
We've cherry-picked retailers worth watching closely for the best deals on tech, fashion and toys during the mammoth shopping event.
Argos (in store and online) - great for picking up discounted toys and tech and electronics like laptops and TVs.
Amazon (online) - expect a huge range of tech and gaming items including the retailer's own-branded items like the Echo speaker and Fire tablet in the sales, alongside a range of jewellery and fashion items.
John Lewis (online and in store) - with they're 'Never Knowingly Undersold' tag line, the retailer will be price matching rivals on popular tech, home and fashion lines.
Tesco (online and in store) - with thousands of electrical appliances available at any one time, we expect the supermarket giant will be offering huge discounts on goods such as smart HD TVs and Dyson hoovers.
Currys PC World (in store and online) - expect offers on Nespresso coffee machines, Fitbit activity trackers and Apple laptops and tablets.
GAME (in store and online) - we predict huge discounts on the latest console bundles and top games like FIFA 18.
Harrods (in store and online) - if you're in the market for a designer bag or shoes head to the luxury department store for huge savings on premium labels during Black Friday.
Very (online) - we predict that a wide range of products will feature in the retailer's discounts from furniture to appliances as well as toys and fashion.
Select rating Poor Okay Good Great Awesome Your rating: None Average: 4 ( 2 votes)
Can a computer dream of being a human? What if it dreamed of being a human who dreamed of being a talking animal? With the help of Janelle Shane, a research scientist in photonics, we may just find out what furry aliases such a machine would create.
Janelle has achieved fame for their humorous use of artificial intelligence to generate names for things such as pubs, diseases, beers, and My Little Ponies. She's also directed neural networks to create recipes and write Harry Potter fanfiction.
With GreenReaper's help, I extracted an undifferentiated list of ~11,000 names of furries who have pages on WikiFur. Dr. Shane used these as the basis for a neural network to invent more.
Results
The two variables that most substantially affected the results were (a) the number of times the neural network processed the list; and (b) the "temperature", a measure of creativity that ranges from 0 (uncreative) to 1 (daring). They provided the results of eight stages of name generation. Here are, in my sole opinion, five of the best from each.
With few iterations and low creativity, the neural network latched onto the word "Shadow" and wouldn't let go:
Mitter Starker
Shadow Stone
Shadow Fox
Shadow Shepherd
Mark Starles
Animal names started to emerge with creativity turned up, but it's still kind of a letter salad:
Alix Roo
Lack Black
Kari Baller
Marthel Dragon
Moully Silversanper SilverMox
With more experience and low creativity, it's come to recognize a fair number of first names.
Shadow (person)
Sandy Fox
Ron Steel
Alex Steelen
Silver Fox
Now, turn up the creativity.
Shadow Winger
Red Husky
Ame A. Wolfn
Porain
Solding Wolf
At this point, they left the creativity up and just kept giving it more "experience".
DragonPund
Farawind
Rongs Mittle
Furry Wolf Candy
Chewings
...and more...
Pandy the Cheetah
Alica Wolfe
Sparky Furry
Rock Pup
Dalack Golf Fox
...and more. Here it seemed to go a bit off the rails.
Smick the Blue Fox
Kuryd Harshain
Spectwolphes
Ferris Paws
LionVootion
...but righted itself, sort of. Still fixated on "Shadow", by the way.
Chair Coyote
Snarky Wolf
Shadow Le Bartley
Scott Whitefox
Coontain
So — what do you think "Furry Wolf Candy" (or any of the other generated names) would look like? If any of these fursonas tickles your artistic fancy, please tweet your artwork with the hashtag #furralnetwork. After all, it is the neural network's birthday and they can't afford commissions.
John “Jay” Joseph Sivigny, 46, passed away in Las Vegas, NV on July 13, 2017 from Wilson's disease.
Jay was born September 15, 1970 in Cambridge, MN to John and Dolly Sivigny. They grew up in Rush City, MN until the age of 13 when they moved to International Falls to be with their dad. They later moved to Las Vegas where they became a Master Electrician.
He's preceded in death by their mother, Dolly; step-sister, Princess; grandparents, Raymond and Rita Sivigny.
Jay is survived by their father, John “Jack” Sivigny (Carolyn Mann); half-brothers, Little Jack Daniel's, Derik Olsen, Lance Mann, Troy Mann and Scott Mann; numerous aunts and cousins; and also a VERY special person, their fiance, Ginger, whom they loved very much.
Cremation has taken place and A Celebration of Life will be held at the Ranier Community Building, just East of International Falls, on Saturday, August 19, 2017 from 3-6 p.m.
The people wringing their hands about the whereabouts of first lady Melania Trump can calm down now: They tweeted for the first time in...uh...two days and said she's at the White House, feeling fine, thanks for asking.
But the worriers will probably keep on worrying: It's just a tweet, we didn't actually see the first lady, and their tweet sounded...well, sort of like President Trump might have written it. Or dictated it.
"I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing. Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people!— Melania Trump"
I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing. Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people! — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) May 30, 2018
"Working overtime" is a favorite phrase of the president, as many pointed out.
working overtime huh pic.twitter.com/hTfwcbAAyl — Adam Parkhomenko (@AdamParkhomenko) May 30, 2018
Comedian Sarah Silverman wasn't buying Trump's tweet. "Who is this? where's Melania?," they wondered on Twitter.
The first lady, still an enigma in Washington a year after their arrival at the White House, is the capital's media mystery du jour, with the burning question: Where is Melania?
To Trump's spokesperson, Stephanie Grisham, it's all too unbearably silly. They have seen Trump and she's fine, they say.
"I've gone on the record countless times to tell people she's here at the White House, working hard and participating in several meetings. But sadly, the rumors abound," Grisham said in an email to USA TODAY.
And of course they wrote their own tweet, Grisham added.
But some media outlets are keeping a daily count of absence: They haven't been seen in 20 — gasp! — days, says CNN, whose story on the most elusive member of the Trump team first appeared Tuesday when they had been out of sight for 19 days.
As first lady, Trump is low-key, not a spotlight seeker, and not a major presence on Twitter the way their husband is.
But their absence from the usual comings and goings at the White House is intriguing to many because it immediately followed their mysterious five-day stay in a hospital for an unspecified kidney procedure that the White House said went well. They went to Walter Reed National Military Medical Center on May 14 and returned to the White House on May 19.
True, they have been tweeting more than usual — about Memorial Day, about the Medal of Honor recipient, about the latest school shooting mass murder in Texas — but they hadn't actually been spotted in their signature glamazon look (couture outfit, towering heels) since May 10, in the middle of the night.
On #MemorialDay we honor the many Americans who laid down their lives for our great country. As one nation under God, we come together to remember that freedom isn't free. Thank you to all the service members & their families who sacrifice so much to keep us safe. 🇺🇸 pic.twitter.com/H6yhNQXyPg — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) May 28, 2018
That was when they accompanied President Trump to Joint Base Andrews in Maryland to greet three just-freed Americans who had been detained in North Korea for more than a year. It was dark but they looked fine, dressed in a tailored pantsuit with cropped pants.
Before that, on May 7, they appeared in the White House Rose Garden to announce their "Be Best" FLOTUS agenda, aimed at improving the well-being of children.
Meanwhile, the mocking, spoofing and mean-tweeting (aimed at POTUS mostly) on Twitter poured out. On May 26, a week after they got out of the hospital, an anti-Trump tweeter, Bill Palmer of the Palmer Report, posted about them being "missing."
Melania Trump has gone missing — https://t.co/d2BaE58Suz — Palmer Report (@PalmerReport) May 26, 2018
On May 25, a reporter shouted a question to the president about their wife's whereabouts as they prepared to board Marine One. According to the pool report, they pointed to a window in the White House and said: “She's doing great. She's looking at us right there.” Reporters turned to look but they aren't there.
That episode was an invitation to meme-making on Twitter.
Melania hasn't been seen in public since May 10th. When a reporter asked Trump about her, they said they were up in the window.#WhereIsMelania pic.twitter.com/PXKRqksdG8 — Cornelia (@PaladinCornelia) May 28, 2018
More partisan tweeters took the opportunity to use the first lady-is-missing theme to needle the Trump administration about its recent admission by immigration authorities that they had "lost track" of the whereabouts of about 1,500 immigrant children in their custody.
"Where are the 1500 missing children, and where is Melania Trump? How does 1500 children go missing, and how is it no one has seen the First Lady of the United States in over 3 weeks?" asked tweeter Christopher Bouzy.
Where are the 1500 missing children, and where is Melania Trump? How does 1500 children go missing, and how is it no one has seen the First Lady of the United States in over 3 weeks? — Christopher Bouzy (@cbouzy) May 29, 2018
"So... has the WH lost track of another immigrant? #WhereIsMelania," tweeted Bill Spring. Trump, 48, is an immigrant born in Slovenia.
So... has the WH lost track of another immigrant? #WhereIsMelania — Bill Spring (@springbill_bill) May 27, 2018
Others said there was legitimate reason to wonder about Trump's health.
"Regardless of party, I think all Americans wish @FLOTUS only the best. It is fair, however, with a @WhiteHouse that routinely misleads the public, to ask where Mrs. Trump is and to have a better understanding of their health condition," tweeted Rev. Dr. Chuck Currie.
Regardless of party, I think all Americans wish @FLOTUS only the best. It is fair, however, with a @WhiteHouse that routinely misleads the public, to ask where Mrs. Trump is and to have a better understanding of their health condition. https://t.co/3fgjkkmpSu — Rev. Dr. Chuck Currie (@RevChuckCurrie) May 27, 2018
Trump has already established themselves as an unconventional first lady, having delayed their arrival in Washington for five months to allow their 12-year-old son to finish the school year in New York. Since then she's been mocked for their clothes and their shoes and criticized for a donation of Dr. Seuss books.
She's also endured fevered speculation about the state of their marriage after cameras caught them brushing off their extended hand and after they cancelled a foreign trip with them following explosive allegations from a former adult film star that they had a one-night fling with them years ago and was paid to keep quiet about it before the 2016 election.
And who can forget that memorable day in October when Twitter conspiracy theorists became convinced that POTUS was standing next to a body double, not their wife, in a picture.
"Once again we find ourselves consumed with a ridiculous non-story when we could be talking about the work the first lady is doing on behalf of children," Grisham said in an email.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
UNITED NATIONS: Pakistan's Ambassador to United Nations Maleeha Lodhi said that Gender equality and women's empowerment are among top priorities of Pakistan where women have made important strides.
“Our adherence to the ideals of empowering women and protecting their rights stems from our faith, Constitution and the vision of our founding father,” the Pakistani envoy said in a speech to UN-Women, the world body's entity working for the empowerment of women, which opened its first session in 2017 on Tuesday.
As a leading troop contributing country, they said, Pakistan fully recognised the critical role of women in international peace and security. “Our women peacekeepers have served as police officers, doctors and nurses in missions in Asia, Africa and the Balkans.”
Pakistan had also earned the distinction of electing the first female prime minister in the Muslim world — not once but twice, and its outstanding women professionals had served as speaker of the National Assembly, as foreign minister and governor of the Central Bank. “Only yesterday, my government appointed the country's first-ever female Foreign Secretary.”
In their remarks, Ambassador Lodhi also cited the progress made by women around the world, saying they have a pivotal role to play in achieving sustainable development.
Achieving gender equality and empowerment of women and girls, they pointed out, was at the heart of the new development agenda.
UN-Women, they said has the potential to catalyse change by utilising its composite nature and mandates in a fully integrated fashion.
Ambassador Lodhi called for unwavering political support and ownership in order to accomplish the new development paradigm that poses many implementations and leadership challenges.
“Women across the world, from Columbia to Uganda to Burundi to Tunisia, have emerged as leaders and consensus builders, inspiring hopes of peace and prosperity amidst conflict and violence”, the Pakistani envoy said.
Over the years, they said women had demonstrated the requisite skills, capacities for mediation and peace building and displayed a remarkable ability to lead various international initiatives.
Such skills and abilities make them particularly suited as special envoys, special representatives and resident coordinators, they said, adding that the current share of women in leadership roles at the UN remained abysmally low.
“We are encouraged to see Secretary-General Antonio Guterres focus on addressing this.”
Israelis Have A Love-Hate Relationship With Jerusalem
Enlarge this image toggle caption Menahem Kahana/AFP/Getty Images Menahem Kahana/AFP/Getty Images
A short walk from the new U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem is a stone apartment building on a leafy street that might as well be a metaphor for Israelis' love-hate relationship with the city and its religious character.
On the ground floor, a religious Jewish Israeli man has moved in with their family. One floor up, a secular Jewish Israeli woman has moved out.
When President Trump moved the American Embassy from Tel Aviv, they said Jerusalem was "the capital of the Jewish people established in ancient times." The city is central in Jewish tradition. It is also revered by Christian and Muslim traditions. Palestinians rejected the embassy move, demanding their own capital in parts of the city Israel captured in 1967. Most countries do not base their embassies to Israel in the city, so as not to take sides in the dispute.
Some Israelis celebrated the U.S. Embassy move as recognition of Israel's right to sovereignty in the Jews' spiritual homeland. Some shrugged their shoulders, accepting what most Israelis believe to be a long-established fact that Jerusalem is Israel's capital.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ahmad Gharabli/AFP/Getty Images Ahmad Gharabli/AFP/Getty Images
But every Israeli has a strong opinion about Jerusalem as a city. It has experienced much change in the last few decades, including the trauma of violence around the Palestinian uprising of the 2000s and the growing influence of its religious Jewish community.
There's a concept in Jewish tradition about the existence of two Jerusalems: Yerushalayim Shel Maala — the heavenly Jerusalem — and Yerushalayim Shel Mata — the earthly Jerusalem. It's a city of opposites, with both spiritual and physical dimensions.
Like a magnet with two poles, Jerusalem both attracts and repels.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Daniel Estrin/NPR Daniel Estrin/NPR
The one who left
"I always said I was born in Jerusalem, I'll die in Jerusalem and I'll be buried in Jerusalem. This was the thing I used to say always. And I don't see myself now going back," says Daphna Eilon, 64, lighting a cigarette in their new apartment in the coastal city of Tel Aviv.
Eilon used to work as a TWA ticketing agent, before the airline closed down, and then as a bank employee in Jerusalem. They were the sixth generation of their family to live there.
They remember the Jerusalem of the 1990s, when there were fewer tensions between Israelis and Palestinians and their young son would play with a Palestinian boy from a nearby neighborhood.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Daniel Estrin/NPR Daniel Estrin/NPR
"He was riding on the donkey, and my kid was on their bike, and switched. And my kid went on the donkey, and they took their bike, and they were friends. And everything was nice," Eilon says. "You wouldn't see that anymore. There's no communication. There's no relationship. I don't know. Everything went to an extreme, and I don't like the tension. So I ran away."
Eilon lived through waves of Palestinian suicide bombings in the 2000s. Some of their son's friends were killed. Today, about 38 percent of Jerusalem's population is Palestinian.
They witnessed the growth of the city's haredi or ultra-Orthodox Jewish residents, who largely reject secular culture and live in cloistered communities centered around Torah study. Now 34 percent of Jerusalem's residents are ultra-Orthodox, which is the highest percentage in a major Israeli city. The national average of ultra-Orthodox Jews is 9 percent, according to the Jerusalem Institute for Policy Research, an Israeli nonpartisan think tank.
Middle East What Has The Unrest In Gaza Meant For Palestinians? What Has The Unrest In Gaza Meant For Palestinians? Listen · 4:52 4:52
Ultra-Orthodox Jewish neighborhoods in Jerusalem often close off public roads with barricades to prevent cars from driving through on the Sabbath, which lasts from nightfall Friday to nightfall Saturday.
"If I want to go to my mother on Shabbat, I cannot take the same route I take during the week because half the roads are blocked or closed on Shabbat," Eilon says.
Them son, and more than a dozen of their childhood friends, have moved an hour's drive away from Jerusalem to the Tel Aviv area. It is Israel's business hub, and provides better salaries in the private sector than the mostly public sector jobs available in Jerusalem.
When it comes to religion, Tel Aviv and Jerusalem are opposites. Today only 20 percent of Israelis in Jerusalem identify as non-religious. In Tel Aviv, 67 percent of residents do.
"We have the Arabs and we have the religious and we are being somehow pushed out," Eilon says of non-religious Israelis in Jerusalem. "Slowly but surely, we feel unwanted, unwelcome, un-everything."
The one who came
On the bottom floor of the Jerusalem apartment building, Shaike El Ami hums a Sabbath tune and prepares a large Sabbath dinner. They moved into the apartment in the past year with their family.
El Ami, 59, is in love with Jerusalem, a city that their great-great-grandparents in Eastern Europe prayed about.
"They all dream of Jerusalem. I have the ability to be a part of Jerusalem, building a community of Jerusalem," says El Ami. "Not just a dream. I have a mission."
They belong to Hakhel, one of a small number of progressive Orthodox synagogues in the city that allow women more leadership in prayers than is customary in Orthodox Jewish tradition.
"There's something about Jerusalem that gives people the ambition and the ability to try to create a new community, to create new synagogues, to create their own style of life," says El Ami.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Daniel Estrin/NPR Daniel Estrin/NPR
They direct community centers in Jerusalem and is involved in projects to encourage Palestinians and Israelis to mingle.
They also try to create common ground between Orthodox and non-religious Jews, a frequent source of friction in the city. As ultra-Orthodox families expand, they seek housing in parts of the city that have not traditionally been majority ultra-Orthodox.
Residents of these neighborhoods often object to the newcomers, fearing their local schools will adopt a religious Jewish curriculum and that their neighbors will change the status quo of the public sphere, like closing off roads during the Sabbath.
El Ami calls this dilemma the city's biggest challenge. "If we do not handle it," they say, "people will not stay in Jerusalem."
What the city needs
There are efforts to make Jerusalem a better place to live, activists in the city say.
In the last decade, Jerusalem has developed culturally, with marathons, festivals and tourism initiatives to attract Israelis from across the country, says Sharone April, the director of the Jerusalem Innovation Team, a consulting group that liaises with city officials and is sponsored by former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg's foundation.
More coffee shops in the city are open on the Sabbath than in the past, they add.
April also says there's been an increase in first-grade enrollment in secular and modern Orthodox Jewish schools, a sign that the non-ultra-Orthodox population is holding its ground. And Jerusalem is building high-rise buildings at its western entrance to encourage high-tech businesses to base themselves in the city.
Jerusalem's eastern sector, home to the city's Palestinians, has suffered years of neglect compared to the city's Jewish areas. The mayor has announced a multimillion-dollar initiative through the year 2023 to reduce socioeconomic gaps and promote economic development and infrastructure in that part of the city.
This kind of investment has a political dimension. It is part of Israel's vow never to relinquish control over Palestinian areas of Jerusalem. But many Palestinians in the city do not accept Israeli rule on principle and want to rule themselves in an independent state with a capital in Jerusalem.
Both El Ami and Eilon — from the apartment building near the U.S. Embassy — see Jerusalem as Israel's capital. But they both argue President Trump's endorsement of the Israeli view isn't what the city needs most.
"I can live without their declaration," says El Ami. "I am very concerned that we have any ability to make any process with the Palestinians."
"Trump is not going to change the reality of Jerusalem," says Eilon. "The reality of Jerusalem will be changed by its people, and if it is not changed intentionally, it will not change for the better."
Over ten thousand members of pastoral communities living in the suburbs' of Baragoi, Samburu County, converged at the home of Samburu North Member of Parliament Aloise Lentoimaga to celebrate the new year and resolve to end years of inter community clashes fueled by cattle rustling.
Lentoimaga shared a message of peace to all Kenyans, urging them to leave in unity in the face of diversity.
ITHACA, N.Y. — Matt Morgan scored 17 of their 28 points in the final 8 1/2 minutes and Joel Davis hit two free throws with 25 seconds left to help Cornell beat Dartmouth 86-85 on Friday night.
Davis finished with 16 points. Stone Gettings had 20 points, five rebounds and five assists, while Steven Julian added nine points and 10 rebounds for Cornell (8-10, 2-3 Ivy League).
Taylor Johnson made two free throws to give Dartmouth an 84-79 lead with a minute left. Morgan hit a jumper and, after Will Emery made 1 of 2 free throws on the other end, added a 3-pointer that pulled Cornell within one with 33 seconds to go. Davis made a steal, was fouled and hit two free throws eight seconds later to put the Big Red up 86-85. Johnson missed a jumper with four seconds to go and Cornell's Terrance McBride grabbed the rebound to seal it.
Johnson led Dartmouth (4-14, 0-5) with 25 points, Miles Wright scored 18 and Ian Sistare had a career-high 15 points. Wright now has 1,006 career points.
AFSPA was enacted on 11 September 1958 to bring under control what the government considered ‘disturbed areas', essentially conflict-hit areas. Photo: Aasif Shafi/CrowdSpark
What is AFSPA?
AFSPA was enacted on 11 September 1958 to bring under control what the government considered ‘disturbed areas', essentially conflict-hit areas. It was first implemented in the Northeast, and then in Punjab. In September 1990, Parliament passed the Armed Forces (Jammu and Kashmir) Special Powers Act, which came into force retrospectively from 5 July 1990.
When is it applicable?
It can be applied only after an area has been declared “disturbed”. Earlier, states had the power to declare a territory thus, but in 1972, it passed to the centre.
What is a disturbed area?
Areas are considered disturbed “by reason of differences or disputes between members of different religious, racial, language or regional groups or castes or communities”. Section (3) of AFSPA empowers the governor of the state/Union territory to issue an official notification declaring the state or a region within as a “disturbed area”, after which the centre can decide whether to send in armed forces.
What are the provisions of AFSPA?
Parts of it are controversial. Under section 4 (a), mere suspicion gives a non-commissioned officer (or an equivalent rank in the armed forces) the power to shoot to kill. They can destroy any property, under section 4(b), if it is suspected of being used as a fortified position. Under section 4(c), anyone can be arrested without a warrant if it is suspected that he/she has committed a cognizable offence. Under section 4(d), force can be used to enter and search any house on suspicion of it being used as a hideout.
Which states are currently under AFSPA?
Mizoram, Nagaland, Manipur, Assam, Jammu & Kashmir and parts of Arunachal Pradesh.
Where has AFSPA been revoked?
The home ministry has removed AFSPA from Meghalaya w.e.f 1 April 2018. It has also been removed from eight of 16 police station jurisdictions in Arunachal Pradesh. In 2015, AFSPA was lifted in Tripura.
Why was it removed from these areas?
According to defence experts, Meghalaya, Tripura and parts of Arunachal Pradesh have been declared free of insurgency. The Act had been imposed in keeping with the geographical terrain of these regions and to keep at bay any influx by Bodos, Nagas or other tribes from neighbouring states. Now, say experts, state police forces can handle disturbances.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol Rovers today appointed Martyn Starnes as their chief executive officer.
They will take up the post in July having served their notice period with Plymouth Argyle beforehand.
Upon the announcement Rovers president Wael Al-Qadi said they had been looking to appoint a CEO for some time, and they felt that they had the right person for the job in Martyn - a man they have known for some time
However, most Rovers fans have never heard of their new CEO, so we've taken a look at exactly who they are.
Current role
Starnes is currently CEO at fellow League One side Plymouth Argyle, a position they will continue to hold until they have served their notice and joined Rovers on July 9.
They joined the Pilgrims in July 2013 at the age of 58 and also serves on Argyle's board of directors.
Starnes handed in their notice with the Devon side last week, and the club said at the time: "The board would like to place on record the gratitude of everyone associated with Plymouth Argyle for Martyn's contribution to the club during their time in office and wishes them well for their future ventures.”
Starnes' time at Argyle saw them win promotion to League One last season, and they leave the club with work about to begin on a redevelopment of Home Park and extension on the grandstand.
What have people said about him?
Plymouth Argyle manager Derek Adams...
I have enjoyed working with Martyn. They have been here since I came into the football club. They have been very helpful to me and we are obviously disappointed that they are leaving and going to pastures new.”
It's very important [to have a good working relationship]. They have got to help each other.
Martyn and myself had a good working relationship in that way.
Plymouth Herald reporter Chris Errington...
Martyn was appointed by Argyle in July 2013 when the club were still struggling to recover from a disastrous seven-month spell in administration the previous year.
They have been a very safe pair of hands ever since and deserves a slice of the credit for Argyle's rise from the depths of League Two to a top six spot in League One.
Martyn has developed a good rapport with the fans by regularly attending meetings with them, and even took part in long distance fund-raising cycle rides organised by one group of supporters, the Green Taverners.
They have also written a fortnightly column for The Herald, giving an insight into life behind the scenes at Home Park.
Rovers president Wael Al-Qadi
I have known Martyn for a long time and I am confident they will fit in perfectly at the club. They bring with them years of experience and professionalism and shares our vision of developing the Academy and engaging the community.
I wish them every success in helping us move the club forward to fulfil its potential.
Previous experience
Prior to joining Plymouth, Starnes had similar experience at both Yeovil Town and Swindon Town.
While at Yeovil, where they were CEO for over five years, they were responsible for the Glovers' successful commercial, stadium, finance and football operations, including the Centre of Excellence, planning and executing the club's overall strategy during their rapid rise through the divisions.
Their final season at Huish Park was marked by the Glovers' promotion to the second tier of English football for the first time, following their 2-1 play-off final win over Brentford.
(Image: Alex Davidson/JMP)
Yeovil's remarkable rise was achieved on one of League 1's lowest playing budgets and an average home crowd of 4,071.
Starnes also oversaw the development of the Glovers' Community Sports Trust which has generated more than £850,000 since its formation, latterly in the position of chairperson.
 They are a former semi-professional footballer and later managed Sherborne Town, supervising the completion of a £100,000 ground development and securing a fourfold increase in the club's turnover. They have also worked as a scout for Stockport County.
Where will they fit in at Rovers?
There has been no official confirmation yet on where their role will sit within the Rovers hierarchy, the club statement can be read here .
But it is likely Starnes will take a large role in the running of the club, and having known Wael Al-Qadi for some time will be a trusted adviser for the owners.
It is not known yet if any members of staff will be departing.
What will they be tasked with?
He's likely to have a full to-do list from the moment they arrive in the summer at the Memorial Stadium, but there are two major projects which will surely feature high up.
The new training ground will be opened by July 2019 according to chairperson Steve Hamer, and with no planning application submitted as of yet, that should be a high priority. It's hoped Rovers will at least have the plans submitted by the time Starnes takes up their position.
The other major project concerns the redevelopment of the Memorial Stadium. Wael Al-Qadi confirmed back in August that redeveloping the Mem was now planned A following the breakdown in talks with UWE over a new stadium.
Seven months later, many fans want to see at least some initial plans being discussed.
Within hours, the American Civil Liberties Union, Massachusetts and California sued the Trump administration in federal court, claiming that it violates the US Constitution's requirement for separation of church, state. Photo:
Washington/New York: President Donald Trump's administration on Friday undermined requirements under the Obamacare law that employers provide insurance to cover women's birth control, keeping a campaign pledge that pleased their conservative Christian supporters.
New rules from the Department of Health and Human Services will let businesses or non-profit organizations lodge religious or moral objections to obtain an exemption from the law's mandate that employers provide contraceptives coverage in health insurance with no co-payment.
Conservative Christian activists and congressional Republicans praised the move, while reproductive rights advocates and Democrats criticized it. It was unclear how many employers would actually drop birth control coverage on religious grounds, and there were significant doubts that many big ones would.
Within hours, the American Civil Liberties Union sued the administration in federal court in San Francisco to try to halt the rule, claiming among other things that it violated the US Constitution's requirement for separation of church and state.
The states of Massachusetts and California also sued, and Democratic state attorneys general in another 16 states threatened legal action.
“This is a landmark day for religious liberty. Under the Obama administration, this constitutional right was seriously eroded,” Republican House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said.
“The Trump administration just took direct aim at birth control coverage for 62 million women,” Planned Parenthood Federation of America President Cecile Richards said.
“With this rule in place, any employer could decide that their employees no longer have health insurance coverage for birth control,” Richards added.
Trump, who criticized the birth control mandate in last year's election campaign, won strong support from conservative Christian voters. The Republican president signed an executive order in May asking for rules that would allow faith-based groups to deny insurance coverage for services they oppose on religious grounds.
The contraception mandate was implemented as part of the 2010 Affordable Care Act, Democratic former President Barack Obama's signature legislative achievement. Trump and Republicans in Congress campaigned against Obamacare, as the law is known, but could not get enough votes to repeal it as they had promised.
In its reasoning for the move, the administration said among other things that mandating birth control coverage could foster “risky sexual behaviour” among teens and young adults. It overturned the Obama administration's view that the birth control requirement was necessary to meet the government's “compelling interest” to protect women's health.
“This administration's contempt for women reaches a new low with this appalling decision,” top House Democrat Nancy Pelosi said.
The administration broadened narrow existing religious exemptions to include an exception “on the basis of moral conviction” for non-profit and for-profit companies.
Federal rules implemented under Obamacare required employers to provide health insurance that covers birth control, but religious houses of worship were exempted. Some private businesses sued regarding their rights to circumvent such coverage, and the Supreme Court ruled in 2014 that they could object on religious grounds.
‘Alienating potential shareholders'
Case Western Reserve University School of Law professor Jonathan Adler said it was unlikely publicly traded companies would seek exemptions. “Why would a publicly traded company risk alienating potential shareholders by taking such a step?” Adler said.
Ellen Kelsay, chief strategy officer at the National Business Group on Health, a lobbying group for large companies, said, “Most large employers have provided coverage for birth control prior to any mandates and we expect most will continue to do so irrespective of any exemptions that may become available.”
According to one estimate, only 3% of nonprofit groups offering health benefits have objected to contraceptives coverage.
“HHS has issued a balanced rule that respects all sides - it keeps the contraceptive mandate in place for most employers and now provides a religious exemption,” said Mark Rienzi, one of the lawyers for the Little Sisters of the Poor. The order of Roman Catholic nuns, which runs care homes for the elderly, had challenged the mandate in court.
The Little Sisters and other Christian nonprofit employers objected to a 2013 compromise offered by the Obama administration that allowed entities opposed to provide contraception insurance coverage to comply with the law without actually paying for the required coverage.
The Justice Department released two memos that will serve as the government's legal basis for justifying the rule and laying out a framework for how apply religious liberty issues in legal opinions, federal rules and grant making.
In another decision popular with Trump's evangelical supporters, the Justice Department on Wednesday reversed federal policy and declared that federal law banning sex discrimination in the workplace does not protect transgender employees. Trump also has removed protections for transgender students and moved to ban transgender people from the military.
Trump's support among evangelical voters, a major force in their 2016 election victory, remains strong, but has been slipping in line with their overall approval ratings, according to recent Reuters/Ipsos poll results. Reuters
Trump advisers and allies are floating the idea of replacing Secretary of State Rex Tillerson with CIA Director Mike Pompeo, age 53 — someone who's already around the table in the Situation Room, and could make the switch without chaos.
We're told that Trump is quite comfortable with Pompeo, asking their advice on topics from immigration to the inner workings of Congress.
that Trump is quite comfortable with Pompeo, asking their advice on topics from immigration to the inner workings of Congress. Pompeo personally delivers the President's Daily Brief, making them one of the few people Trump spends a great deal of time with on a daily basis.
delivers the President's Daily Brief, making them one of the few people Trump spends a great deal of time with on a daily basis. Pompeo is one of the few in the administration who knows how to convey tough news to the president, and how to push back without turning DJT off. (SecDef Mattis is good at that, too.)
one of the few in the administration who knows how to convey tough news to the president, and how to push back without turning DJT off. (SecDef Mattis is good at that, too.) Trump doesn't see Pompeo as a showboat.
see Pompeo as a showboat. Pompeo would take the job, as the cap to a career that included being a U.S. House member from Kansas.
would take the job, as the cap to a career that included being a U.S. House member from Kansas. Pompeo would have credibility with world leaders, who'd know they were a legit part of the president's inner circle — something no one thinks about Tillerson.
Sources tell us Trump recognizes that a Cabinet shuffle would bring bad press. White House Chief of Staff John Kelly wants stability, and so is discouraging high-level departures before next year.
And yet, insiders say Trump's relationship with Tillerson is broken beyond repair. We're told Trump was furious that Tillerson didn't try to blunt the story about them calling the president a "moron," by just going out and denying it (whether or not it actually occurred).
After what Trump considered a strong trip to Vegas, they seethed when they got back and saw Tillerson's gaffe dominating cable-news coverage. Everywhere they flipped, there was Tillerson's face instead of his.
considered a strong trip to Vegas, they seethed when they got back and saw Tillerson's gaffe dominating cable-news coverage. Everywhere they flipped, there was Tillerson's face instead of his. The relationship is so toxic, sources tell Jonathan Swan and me, that few in the White House think it can be rebuilt. There's zero trust between the West Wing and the State Department.
is so toxic, sources tell Jonathan Swan and me, that few in the White House think it can be rebuilt. There's zero trust between the West Wing and the State Department. NBC, which broke the "moron" story, said the chief of staff "abruptly scrapped plans to travel with ... Trump on Wednesday so they could try to contain their boss's fury."
Be smart: The breakdown in the relationship between a president and the Secretary of State has profound effects on American statecraft and the way foreign countries view this administration.
LUBBOCK, Texas — Juicy Landrum had 20 points to lead five Baylor players in double figures, and the No. 3 Lady Bears overwhelmed Texas Tech for the second time this season, 90-44 on Saturday for their 18th straight win.
The game was tied 6-6 halfway through the first quarter before Baylor (21-1, 11-0 Big 12) ended the quarter with 15 straight points. Five different players scored in that spurt for the Lady Bears.
Dekeiya Cohen had 19 points for Baylor, while Kristy Wallace had 16 points and 11 rebounds. Lauren Cox had 12 points and Kalani Brown scored 11.
Jada Terry had 10 points to lead Texas Tech (7-15, 1-10), which shot 27 per cent (19 of 70) from the field.
Justin R. Gulisano (Photo: DELAWARE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE)
A New York man has been sentenced to more than 16 years in prison for soliciting and receiving illicit pictures from a Delaware minor and spreading them online.
Justin Gulisano, a 26-year-old also known as Emma Alexander Gulisano, pleaded guilty last year to convincing a 15-year-old girl to send them sexually explicit videos and photos and then posting them online. Gulisano distributed the images online in October 2013.
Gulisano apparently threatened to continue posting their pictures online when they refused to send more, then threatened to show them to their brother, then threatened to kill her, according to a spokesperson for the U.S. Attorney's Office in Wilmington.
Gulisano was sentenced to 200 months in prison and 10 years of supervised release after pleading guilty to coercion and enticement of a minor to engage in sexual activity.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security Investigations and the Delaware Child Predator Task Force investigated the case.
Gulisano was also indicted by Delaware prosecutors on charges of sexual exploitation of a child, nine counts of sexual solicitation of a child, 10 counts of obscenity material provided to a minor, invasion of privacy and terroristic threatening.
That indictment was dropped in April 2016 following the federal charges.
SEXUAL ABUSE OF MINORS
Sextortion gives predators a new weapon against teens
Former Dover airman to plead guilty in child sex abuse case
Former Dover airman Robert Hollingsworth to be sentenced in child porn case
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2018/05/30/ny-man-gets-16-years-coercing-sexual-images-de-child/655772002/
A commonly-prescribed multiple sclerosis (MS) infusion medication linked to a rare but serious side effect is safer to use when dosing intervals are extended, according to a new study led by MS specialists NYU Langone Health.
The new research showed that extending dosing of natalizumab from every 4 weeks to every 5 to 12 weeks significantly reduced the risk of developing progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML), a rare but potentially fatal brain infection. The authors presented their findings February 2 at the Americas Committee for Treatment and Research in Multiple Sclerosis (ACTRIMS) Forum 2018 in San Diego.
The findings could influence how neurologists prescribe the medication. "Neurologists have been looking for safer ways to administer natalizumab infusions to their patients, but there hasn't been clear data on whether decreasing dosing frequency improves safety," says first study author Lana Zhovtis Ryerson, MD, assistant professor of neurology at NYU School of Medicine and an attending neurologist at NYU Langone's Multiple Sclerosis Comprehensive Care Center. "Our safety findings are clinically and statistically significant, and we believe that extending the dosing schedule of natalizumab is practice changing and may save lives."
Natalizumab, a monoclonal antibody, is used to prevent MS relapses, improve quality of life, and slow worsening disability. The medication is indicated to be prescribed in 300-milligram infusion doses every 4 weeks.
Taking the medication longer than two years, however, may increase risk PML, which is caused by the John Cunningham virus (JCV). There have been 756 PML cases reported worldwide as of January 2018, with a global incidence rate of 4.19 per 1,000 PML cases in people treated with natalizumab. Patients who test JCV antibody-positive are typically either told to not start natalizumab, or have had treatment stopped after two years, when risk was deemed to be too high.
The new study, however, reports safety data through up to 72 months, or 6 years, when the extended dosing regimens were applied, with risk reduction for PML as high as 94 percent.
How the Study Was Conducted
Researchers reviewed data on all patients who have been exposed to JCV who are enrolled in TOUCH, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration-mandated Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) program for natalizumab that requires manufacturers to document all uses of a medication to ensure that the benefits of a drug outweigh its risks. Since the optimal extended dose schedule is not known, researchers chose to look at the data in multiple ways, with the primary definition looking at extended dose history in the last 18 months, the secondary definition looking at extended dose occurring at any time in the dosing history, and for tertiary definition looking primarily at how extended dose history affects PML risk. The results showed clinically and statistically significant risk reductions with all definitions.
The new study did not look at drug efficacy comparing extended to standard doses. However, previous research led by Dr. Zhovtis-Ryerson's group found extending the dose up to 8 weeks did not negatively affect the medication's efficacy in a retrospective sample of 2,000 people. The authors are planning prospective efficacy studies of extended dose natalizumab.
Natalizumab is manufactured by Biogen Idec and Elan, and sold under the name Tysabri®. Biogen provided the researchers access to their data and statistical support.
Other infusion disease-modifying therapies approved to treat MS includes the drugs alemtuzumab and ocrelizumab. Oral and injectable medications are also prescribed.
###
The study was carried out in collaboration with Biogen and academic collaborators from NYU School of Medicine's Division of Biostatics, University of Alabama at Birmingham School of Medicine, and Rocky Mountain Multiple Sclerosis Clinic in Utah.
In addition to Dr. Zhovtis-Ryerson, Ilya Kister, MD, associate professor of neurology, Judith D. Goldberg, professor of population health and environmental medicine, and Xiaochun Li, PhD, research scientist of biostatistics, were co-authors at NYU Langone Health. Other co-authors include Dr. John Foley, Dr. Ih Chang, Professor Gary R. Cutter, Dr. Ryan Metzger, Dr. Evan Riddle, Dr. Bei Yu, Dr. Zheng Ren, Dr. Christophe Hotermans, Dr. Pei-Ran Ho, and Dr. Nolan Campbell.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A paranoid schizophrenic with "psychotic beliefs" stabbed their brother-in-law to death before driving them to a police station.
Sukhwinder Singh, 40, left the body of 39-year-old Harish Kumar in the front passenger seat, which they parked outside West Bromwich police station in the West Midlands.
Mr Kumar died from a single stab wound to the chest.
Today Singh admitted manslaughter by diminished responsibility at Wolverhampton Crown Court .
Prosecutor Nigel Power QC told the judge medical experts had said: "The defendant's psychotic beliefs contributed to and explained the killing."
(Image: SWNS.com)
Judge Michael Challinor told Singh: "Following your plea you will be sentenced on June 29 and I am going to direct you are produced in good time that day for sentence.
"I have no doubt you will co-operate now you are being medicated."
Paying tribute to Mr Kumar, their family said they were "a great, yet very humble man".
(Image: SWNS.com)
In a statement issued through police, a relative said: "He was always there to help and they will be sadly missed - I just can't believe that we've lost him."
Judge Challinor remanded Singh into custody until the date of their sentence at the same court.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Let me tell you about last Saturday.
It was the deadline for my quarterly VAT payment, which was in the thousands. I did not have the money and was waiting for invoices to get paid, which is why I had to wait until the last day to pay the bill.
In the event I scraped it together just in time, had my usual bowl of Frosties for breakfast, and logged on - I have to pay it online, no other way is possible - to find the HMRC website was down for "maintenance".
I waited an hour, tried again. Then again. I left it until after lunchtime, tried again. Same error screen. Anxious to avoid a fine, I rang the emergency contact number. I wandered through a long telephone menu to be told the office was shut. I tried again, with different menu options, to be told the same thing. I filled in an online form, drummed my fingers, gnashed my teeth, and at about 4pm HMRC finally came back to life. They accepted the payment and I breathed a sigh of relief.
These are the standard, everyday financial fears of a freelancer, whether journalists, builders, contractors, or taxi drivers - not having enough, not getting paid, not sorting the tax bill. It's why freelances don't take holidays, don't call in sick and don't take parental leave.
Now imagine what would have happened if I was, say, a multinational cereal manufacturer.
(Image: Getty)
Why, then I could have taken the cash shortage from one company and offset it against profits from another branch of my empire to cut my tax liabilities, which would make paying the VAT a lot easier. I could find a way of saying that although I sold £900MILLION of cereals last year, I had not in fact made a penny.
Perhaps like Facebook did in 2014 I could find a way to achieve global profits of $2.9bn yet pay just £4,327 in corporation tax in the UK, or like Apple I could get myself a nice deal with the Irish taxman.
Perhaps like Amazon I could set up complicated international tax structures. Perhaps if I recruited a lot of drivers, decided to call them customers and charge them for the privilege of working for me, I could avoid any VAT liability just like Uber does.
Or perhaps like the UK arm of cereal giant Kellogg I could make a profit of £40MILLION and arrange my losses so that my corporation tax, quite legally, was £0. Perhaps that's where I'm going wrong - I EAT Frosties rather than MAKE them.
Let's not get things out of whack. I pay lower rates of tax than staffers on PAYE, but I also have no guaranteed work, no employment rights, no holiday, pension or sick pay. What I gain from being self-employed I pay a different price for, and that's as it should be.
And companies like Kellogg's provide many jobs - 1,600 in the UK - each of them supporting dozens of other workers in sandwich shops, petrol stations, cleaning firms, clothing outlets, garden centres. There's a massive knock-on gain from having a competitive tax system so that big companies set up in the UK, and they deserve a break because they add so much to the economy.
But they GET a break. It's called corporation tax. It's called multinational, frictionless trade. It's called being able to ring up HMRC and talk to someone with whom you're on first-name terms, rather than get an impenetrable answering service.
It's NOT called 'taking the piss'.
Kellogg's has a complex system of companies in the UK which is hard to understand. Kellogg's Latin America arm is based in Manchester, for example. But while two of them - Kellogg Company of Great Britain and Kellogg Marketing and Sales - made combined profits of £40million in 2016, the others made losses which were transferred into the more successful bits, therefore making the money disappear like a pot of gold at the end of an ever-retreating rainbow.
It's all entirely legal. They have avoided tax, and the only evasion at work is that of the firm's MORAL responsibility to contribute to the society in which it operates. And my word, but Kellogg has its fair share of that.
It gains from a state-educated workforce with state healthcare and, when needed, state subsidies and tax credits for the low-paid. It is able to offset things like the office Christmas party against the tax bill, and to base its parent company in Luxembourg from which cash ultimately flows back to the USA.
It also gets to stop a PM imposing a planned sugar tax by voluntarily offering to cut the amounts of sweet stuff in its cereals, without actually specifying by how much. It gets to finance scientific studies that find sugar-packed cereals can help children stay slim. It gets to sell a Coco Pops snack bar that is 42% sugar because it says so clearly on a label no-one bothers to read.
(Image: Getty)
The question that niggles, though, is this. How can a firm that sells almost a billion pounds worth of cereal manage to make not a single penny in profit, and not go bust? Such a company has to be, at the very least, morally bankrupt.
Other firms, and plenty of international footballers, use licensing rights to move money offshore. The problem is not that Kellogg is worse than anyone else - it's that it is not unusual. It's because HMRC lets it happen.
Yet if every company did what Kellogg does, the UK government would be missing £56bn in tax receipts last year alone - that's enough to properly fund social care and the NHS, or fight the wars of Iraq and Afghanistan, TWICE OVER.
Part of it came from big companies shamed into paying more. Last year Facebook managed to cough up 1,000 times more tax than in 2014, Starbucks paid £6.7m and even Jimmy Carr and Gary Barlow have seen the error of their ways.
(Image: Twitter)
The purpose of a tax system is to ensure that we all - via PAYE, dividends or corporation taxes - pay to get a society we want to operate in. The problem is that WE are having to pay more, and suffer more - queuing in A&E, watching class sizes swell, potholes multiply and Post Offices sold off and closed - because firms like Kellogg, whose ultimate owners do not suffer the same, are finnagling a financial advantage.
And for what? To invest their gains in the UK? To provide us with more jobs? No, just for some rich man to jangle cash in their pockets while ours are emptied to make up the shortfall.
That's the problem with legal tax avoidance - where one person avoids it, the rest of us foot the bill. What's really galling is the effort and expense to which a corporation is prepared to go, to avoid taxes that the rest of us have to go to a lot of effort and expense to pay.
It's just a matter of time until public disgust forces Kellogg to meet its social responsibilities with the same enthusiasm with which it finds legal loopholes. But until it pays some - or indeed ANY - corporation tax, no box of Frosties will darken my kitchen table.
How The Food Industry Uses Cavitation, The Ocean's Most Powerful Punch
Enlarge this image toggle caption Reinhard Dirscherl/ullstein bild via Getty Images Reinhard Dirscherl/ullstein bild via Getty Images
Throughout history, being on the receiving end of anything involving cavitation, a miniscule underwater implosion, has been bad news. Millions of years before humans discovered cavitation — and promptly began avoiding it, given its tendency to chew up machinery — the phenomenon has provided the shockwave and awe behind a punch so ridiculously violent that it's made the mantis shrimp a honey badger-esque Internet mascot.
Now, a slew of companies is co-opting the phenomenon behind the ocean's most powerful punch to process food and beverages from yogurt to beer.
Cavitation is when low pressure in a liquid produces a bubble that rapidly collapses, and heats up to 20,000 Kelvin — hotter than the sun's surface. This usually releases a flash of light called sonoluminescence, which physicists still don't understand. Some physicists even theorize that cavitation bubbles could get hot enough to power nuclear fusion.
Mantis shrimp's club-like appendages generate these bubbles by punching with the acceleration of a .22 caliber bullet. When they hit their prey's shell, they create a low-pressure area, vaporizing water and forming a cavitation bubble that collapses with a shockwave with up to 280 percent of the force of the original punch. Pistol shrimp, the world's loudest animal, snap their claws so quickly that they create a low-pressure jet that causes cavitation bubbles, stunning prey.
We humans are newcomers to cavitation. We never properly observed it until 1895, on torpedo boat propellers. And, save for using cavitation to reduce drag on torpedoes, engineers have generally designed equipment to avoid it like the plague.
According to Doug Mancosky, chief science officer of Hydro Dynamics, which designs cavitation technology, when 15 years ago they started trying to convince biofuel and petroleum manufacturers that cavitation could be used to refine their products, they thought they were crazy. Now, their company is at the forefront of a burgeoning sector of firms selling cavitation technology to food and beverage manufacturers.
Their first foray into the food market, in 2013, was when Hydro Dynamics discovered that cavitation could simplify egg pasteurization. According to Mancosky, their tech, which uses a hole-filled rotor (picture the inside of a washing machine) to generate cavitation bubbles, could heat from within the liquid. "The surfaces of our devices actually stay cooler than the liquid flowing through it" so eggs couldn't harden like they did on hot industrial equipment. And since companies could tune the intensity of cavitation, they could pasteurize and mix eggs without breaking apart too many proteins in them.
Since then, Hydro Dynamics and their licensees have branched out into processing pet food and dairy products — such as making fluffier, aerated yogurt products and milk. More recently, they've begun using cavitation bubbles to unravel and condense proteins in low-fat whey drinks to a size where they produce a richer, fat-like mouthfeel. They aren't alone in the dairy market, though. Among others, Yoplait and Valio have also patented in-house methods of using cavitation to process dairy products in recent years.
However, since 2015 — when an Italian National Research Council team published pioneering research on using cavitation to brew beer — cavitation has been making the most waves in the beverage industry.
According to one scientist from that research team, Francesco Meneguzzi, they found that cavitation processed and converted more of the starch in barley to brewable sugars — without having to germinate it first — in less time, at lower temperatures. It also reduced volatile gases, broke apart gluten, and punctured microbes' membranes, sterilizing wort, the sugary liquid fermented into beer. They could skip boiling the wort, reducing energy consumption by 40 percent. MIT's Technology Review hailed the team's innovation, and since then, cavitation has become a burgeoning fascination of craft brewers.
Hydro Dynamics, for example, found that as cavitation bubbles formed and collapsed, they pushed and pulled wort through hops "like a plunger," Mancosky says, improving flavor extraction. Two years later, they have partnerships with a slew of craft breweries, including Anchor Brewing and Cabarrus.
"One application leads to another," Mancosky says. Cabarrus, which makes a beer infused with cold brew coffee, asked them if they could use cavitation to extract more flavor from coffee. "We said 'Yeah, it should help, the same way it helps extract more flavor from hops. They fired it up, and next thing you know, they're able to reduce their cold brewing time by 80 percent." Afterwards, working with Anchor Brewing on their blackberry ale, Hydro Dynamics demonstrated that cavitation could also more effectively extract flavor from fruit.
The transition to using cavitation technology has posed some technical challenges for brewers, though. As Anchor Brewmaster Scott Ungermann tells NPR, "cavitation can drive extraction of undesirable flavors as well as the ones that we are looking for ... with so many other variables it is very difficult to dial in exactly the flavor profile."
Ryan Cottongim of Witches Brew, another craft brewer that works with Hydro Dynamics, seconds Ungermann's sentiments, saying that trying to integrate new technology while trying to keep brews consistent has been difficult. Moreover, while Cottingham has enjoyed more efficiently extracting extra hop flavor, "at some point you hit that saturation point where you're not going to get any more from this."
Nevertheless, cavitation's alcoholic applications go even further. It can age liquor and wines by acting a catalyst. Cavitation can effectively accelerate barrel aging by extracting flavor from charred wood chips — while using the char as a carbon filter to trap impurities.
In the past two years, Hydro Dynamics has sold equipment to several wineries and distilleries for aging. And, two companies, Cavitation Technologies and Sonn Beverage Systems, are targeting consumers with household devices that age wine and spirits.
Sonn, however, uses ultrasound cavitation, a method of generating cavitation with soundwaves most well known for its use in breaking up kidney stones. Sonn CEO Denis Londry tells NPR they opted for ultrasound because "unlike other ways of generating cavitation, nothing is pressurized." The whole thing can be an open container with few moving parts — suitable for a countertop, if not a winery.
Much like Hydro Dynamics has, Londry says Sonn is also aiming to expand into the tea and coffee markets — both of which are markets eager to improve their flavor extraction technology. In fact, one cavitation technology firm confirmed to NPR that they're testing cold brewing equipment with one of the world's largest coffee chains.
But the edible applications of cavitation don't stop there. The same phenomenon behind the most powerful punch makes for a better blender, catalyzes sought-after reactions, and can "neutralize a large spectrum of spoiling and harmful microbes," such as bacteria and waterborne viruses, according to Meneguzzo, "much more effectively and efficiently than most other technologies."
After millions of years of punctuating the most destructive attacks the ocean has ever seen, the cavitation bubble has a bright future in making humans' food and drinks safer and tastier.
© Reuters
John Wight has written for a variety of newspapers and websites, including the Independent, Morning Star, Huffington Post, Counterpunch, London Progressive Journal, and Foreign Policy Journal.
The US has long sought to deny its hegemonic character while emphasizing its democratic character. It now seems all such pretence has been abandoned."False face must hide what the false heart doth know," Shakespeare writes, in words that for time immemorial should have sat pride of place under the Great Seal of the United States on front of the podium whenever any president, cabinet member, member of congress, or indeed any US official proclaimed their country a champion of democracy.Now, with the US Department of Defense amending the mission statement of the US militarystance all pretense, as mentioned, is over, allowing the country's political and military elite to bask in the warm glow of hegemony unmasked.According to Task & Purpose - a news site tailored to US veterans - this semantic shift in mission statement 'seems a significant change for the department [Department of Defense] under President Donald Trump.' But though perhaps for some it may constitute a 'significant change',How could it otherwise when imperialism and hegemony are the very fulcrum of US foreign policy, and always have been? Both, in fact, lie at the very foundations of the country's existence, reinforcing a muscular identity rooted in nationalism, exceptionalism and supremacy - a toxic brew responsible for some of the most heinous crimes in human history.From the Mexican-American War of 1846-48, resulting in the US seizing half of Mexico at that time - an episode lambasted by former slave and famed US abolitionist, Frederick Douglass, as a "disgraceful, cruel, and iniquitous war with our sister republic" - all the way up to the war for regime change in Libya in 2011, under the rubric of NATO, the US has been the single greatest threat to peace, stability, and justice around the world.That champions of US expansionism wave the banner of democracy, human rights, and liberty to justify its objectives only adds an extra layer of mendacity to the character of what has proved an insatiable beast of conquest and domination.Writing in the introduction to their classic work - 'Rogue State' (Zed Books, 2014) - author William Blum identifies the influence of the national propaganda which accompanies US hegemony: "No American has any difficulty believing in the existence and driving passion for expansion, power, glory, and wealth of the Roman Empire, the Ottoman Empire, the Austro-Hungarian Empire, or the British Empire. It's right there in their schoolbooks. But to the American mind...'The American Empire' is an oxymoron."And lest anyone lapse into the mistake of believing that US foreign policy differs according to the occupant of the White House; this is a fatuous misreading of reality on the same level of absurdity as the claim that the character of a crocodile differs according to the colour of its eyes.Perhaps the most unabashed and unapologetic encomium to US expansionism of recent times was that proclaimed by prominent US newspaper columnist Thomas Friedman in the pages of the New York Times in 1999. At a time when the US was wallowing in post-Soviet triumphalism, Friedman encouraged the notion that America truly was the world's one indispensable nation.Friedman writes : "The hidden hand of the market will never work without a hidden fist - McDonald's cannot flourish without McDonnell Douglas, the builder of the F-15. And the hidden fist that keeps the world safe for Silicon Valley's technologies is called the United States Army, Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps."When it comes right down to it, it really isn't rocket science. After all, those 800 US military bases in over 70 countries across the world are not there for ornamentation, and certainly not to help make the world safe for democracy. Instead, per Friedman, those bases exist to make the world safe for Western global corporations to plunder and exploit the world's human and natural resources untroubled by the inconvenience of national sovereignty and self-determination.Similarly, the gargantuan US military budget, which earlier this year was increased by Washington to over $700 billion for year 2019, is more dedicated to offense, rather than defense. The US military could be viewed less than a shield, and more a sword against states which dare assert their right to independence and which dare to resist or defy US domination.That the ethos of 'might is right' is incompatible with a world organised on the principles set out in the UN Charter is self-evident. That the ethos of 'might is right' underpins and drives US foreign policy is also self-evident. Thus we have the abiding contradiction of our time.In the last analysis, constraining the powerful has always been the most pressing and important challenge confronting humanity. For regardless whether it has come dressed in the clothes of ancient Greek civilisation, the Roman Republic, Western enlightenment, European totalitarianism or Western liberal democracy, the unfettered power of empire has exacted a price of such monumental devastation and suffering it can only ever be the enemy of progress. In 2018 this enemy is Washington.
A man who accosted a bike thief and took back the bicycle they had just stolen is appealing for help to reunite the bike with its rightful owner.
George Herbert and two of their friends were walking through The Centre in Bristol on Sunday evening and saw a suspicious man running across the fountains area towards Prince Street and Queen Square with a bike.
The three chased them down and questioned him, and the thief put up little resistance, abandoning the bike he'd just stolen and running off into the night.
But that left Mr Herbert with the bike and, as they don't know where exactly it was taken from or whose it is, they now want to find the original owner.
The theft has been reported, and the police are on the case, trying to match up the description of the bike with any reports of a stolen one from that area.
“They have told me to keep hold of it until the owner is found,” said Mr Herbert.
“We retrieved a bicycle from a bike thief who was heading along the fountains towards Queen Square,” Mr Herbert wrote in the Bristol Cyclists Facebook page.
“The problem is that we don't have a clue where it was originally locked or how to reunite it with the rightful owner,” they added.
It is the latest in a series of inspiring tales of Bristol's cycling community coming together to tackle the rising tide of bike thefts.
(Image: Michael Lloyd)
Last month, Jenni Morton-Humphreys stole their own bike back from a man who was selling it online just hours after it was stolen from behind the Watershed.
They had been alerted by another cyclist who had seen their appeal on Facebook and matched it to a bike for sale later that same night.
Mr Herbert said they were absolutely sure the bike was stolen. “The bloke was running away with bolt croppers falling out of their rucksack, didn't say anything when challenged about stealing and proceeded to flee erratically,” they said.
Mr Herbert isn't providing a picture of the bike, and hopes the rightful owner will give a description or their own photo that matches the bike they now have.
“The bike is a white mountain bike, and the claimant will have to prove a description to verify it is theirs,” they added.
Attacked By Alt-Right Trolls, A Jewish Journalist Links Trump To The Rise Of Hate Trump "has made nationalist policy into the policy of the executive branch," says New York Times editor Jonathan Weisman. Their new book, (((Semitism))), is about being Jewish in the Trump era.
None
Students arrive and participate in St. Mark's High School prom on May 24, 2018, at the Deerfield Country Club. Photo by Donna Harding, courtesy of St. Mark's High School
Zed and Buried: Gray's Period Adventure a Meticulous Throwback of Epic Filmmaking
American auteur James Gray unveils their most provocative film yet with the painstaking, portrait of obsession, The Lost City of Z, an inspired adaptation of the 2009 nonfiction title by David Grann, which charts a British Army Officer's obsessive hunt for a mythical city in the dense, dangerous jungles of turn-of-the-century Bolivia. Less fascinated with the concept of fortune and glory (for the most part) or action inclined tangents detailing breathless scrapes with danger, Gray focuses intently on the relentless yet sobering ambition of a man who becomes inspired and fascinated by discovering unknown origins, even if it means confirming the superiority of the civilized white race as merely an unfounded urban legend. Even at nearly two-and-a-half hours running time, Gray has chosen selective instances of one man's two decade adventure, ultimately raising more questions than it answers, as well as conveying a tradition of epic cinema which faded out of American film by the late 1980s. Grandiloquent, methodical, and fascinating, the new direction is becoming for Gray, who masterfully conjures a mysterious period of anticipation, when the world was uncharted and carried unimaginable secrets in its bosom.
British Army Officer Percy Fawcett (Charlie Hunnam) is dispatched by the National Geographic Society to travel to Bolivia in 1906 as a cartographer and map out the unexplored region. An undecorated officer with the misfortune of belonging to a shamed family name, they see this as a chance to secure the future for their family, something their wife Nina (Sienna Miller) understands. Securing aide-de-camp Henry Costin (Robert Pattinson), their first expedition whets the man's appetite for they stumble upon rumors about an ancient, lost city deep in the jungle, a place no white man has ever been lucky to see. Accounts from several slaves who help guide them along the river plus several artifacts would seem to support this theory. When they return home, conservative British society is none too pleased to hear about a bunch of ‘savages' Fawcett claims to be more intelligent and sophisticated than they'd like to hear. Scoffing at their theory of a lost city they have named Zed, Fawcett secures funding to return for another expedition thanks to the support of James Murray (Angus Macfadyen), who insists on coming along and hobbles Fawcett's mission. Before he's able to return again, WWI has broken out and Fawcett is forced to the battlefields, where an injury makes them temporarily blind. Years later, it is only through the insistence of their eldest son (Tom Holland) Fawcett ends up back in Bolivia, once again attempting to find the lost city.
Gray often seems fascinated by particular times, places, and periods, often focusing on a triptych of main players whose lives become inextricable interwoven, a protagonist at the apex of a triangle of which the other two points clash. This time around, Gray's characters are dwarfed by the scope of the narrative rather than steering it, the focus harpooned on the various attempts of Hunnam's John Fawcett and their attempts to become the master and commander of their fate. We meet them as an undecorated officer in the midst of a hunt, stealing the glory of the kill, which is hardly enough to overcome the shame their father, a drunken gambler, brought to the family name. The unexpected offer from the National Geographic Society leads them unexpectedly to their life's purpose, something reaffirmed several times, including with a quietly transfixing moment on a WWI battlefield, when a Russian psychic confirms their life's purpose even after two failed endeavors to find Z.
Remarkably, Gray does not use the film as an opportunity to skewer colonialism, instead focusing on Fawcett's sincere passion to prove their ignorant English colleagues wrong, by proving the natives as capable of invention as any of their counterparts on the European continent. Selfishly, they know their discovery will immortalize them and their family name, and the ultimate sacrifice is their family life, though they luckily married an understanding woman who believes in challenging cultural misconceptions (including the role of woman) as much as their husband. The effect, however, of focusing only completely on Hunnam, often makes their sequences with their intimates such as Sienna Miller and Robert Pattinson, seem artificial—although, arguably, this is partially due to the yoke of social mores imposed on a man like Fawcett, who is most alive when experiencing the passion of their adventure. It's a testament to Gray's abilities as a director how they manage to morph performers who are sometimes wooden or extraneous into vibrant supporting players, and one need look no further than a warm performance of Miller, an actor who often fades into the background. Likewise, Charlie Hunnam transforms into a surprisingly engaging man of idealism, and (perhaps even to himself) progressive attitudes toward racial others. Pattinson gives a no-frills turn as sidekick Henry Costin, their hirsute army buddy along for the ride.
Despite its arguable lack of grand set pieces, the horrors of the jungle are ever present, whether they be shrunken heads, cannibalized corpses, or a school of terrifying piranhas (who turn out to be the more dangerous predator while Fawcett's crew is assailed by arrows on a raft). Christopher Spelman crafts an unassuming score, assisted by strands of notable classical composers (echoes of Stravinsky's The Rite of Spring lends a lovely foreboding undertone as Hunnam and Fawcett take their first train out of civilization), and DP Darius Khondji (who reunites with Gray following The Immigrant, but has crafted many an auteur's notable masterwork, including entries by Fincher, Haneke, Allen, and Jeunet) moves from lush sequences in the rainforest, to browned out battlefields, to anxiety laden English interiors to create an impressive, roving film palette.
Reviewed on February 14 at the 2017 Berlin International Film Festival – Special Screenings Program. 140 Mins.
★★★★/☆☆☆☆☆
Two factors are driving the world to nuclear war. One is the constant stream of insults, false accusations and broken agreements that the West has been dumping on Russia year after year. The other is Russia's response, or, perhaps more correctly, the lack thereof.
Articles documenting Washington's betrayals and provocations of Russia are available online and on my website. There is no point in repeating them here.
I have pointed out that the Russian government's factual, diplomatic, and legal responses actually produce more provocations and insults. See this for example, Stephen Lendman agrees and so does Peter Koenig.
Russia has two alternatives to the self-defeating response the government has chosen. One, recommended by Peter Koenig and myself, is to turn them back on the West, cleanse themselves of all Western embassies, businesses, media, and NGOs, and cease relying on Western communication systems and bank clearing mechanisms. The West has nothing Russia needs. The West is exhausted and corrupt. The future lies in the East of which Russia is a part. Russia should focus on the partnership with China and relationships in the East and simply stop responding to blatantly false accusations and provocative insults.
Russia can be part of the West only if Russia surrenders to Washington's hegemony. One would have thought that by now the Russian government would have figured out that Washington is determined to marginalize and isolate Russia, discredit Russia's government, dislodge Putin and install a puppet like May, Macron, and Merkel, and failing these efforts to push Russia to the point that their only alternatives are to surrender or go to war.
Did it ever occur to the diplomat Lavrov and low-key Putin that the President of Russia would be called a murderer by a British foreign secretary on the basis of a fabrication created by the British government?
Are Lavrov and Putin finally getting the message that it is self-defeating to appeal to facts and law when the West has no respect for either and regards recourse to facts and law as signs of weakness and fear?
What is Russia going to do when Lavrov or Putin travel abroad on some diplomatic or state mission and one or the other or both are seized and charged with war crimes or some other fabricated offense? It can't happen, you say? Yes it can happen. Preparation for such an event is one of the reasons that Washington crafts the portrait of Russia's President as “the new Hitler.” Pre-emptive arrest and execution is US policy.
For years Washington has been kidnapping Russians in other countries outside US legal jurisdiction (Israel is the only other country to get away with imposing the extra-territoriality of its illegal edicts). Roman Seleznev, son of a member of the Russian Duma, was kidnapped in the Maldives in the Indian Ocean by the US and put on trial in the US for hacking credit cards. Konstantin Yaroshenko, a Russian pilot was kidnapped by Washington in Liberia and charged with cocaine smuggling, a principle activity of the CIA. Evgeny Buryakov was sentenced for gathering economic intelligence, a routine activity of economists and diplomats. Victor Bout was seized by Washington in Thailand and sentenced for selling weapons to rebels, an “offense” the US has committed throughout the world and is committing today on a large scale in the Middle East. Considering the high frame-up rate of US “justice,” we have no way of knowing if these trials are anything more than show trials to teach Russia the lesson that Russian citizens are safe nowhere.
Russia's other alternative to the self-defeating one the government has chosen is to hit back hard. Lendman suggests that when US or Israeli attacks on Syria kill Russians, Russia should destroy the bases from which the attacks originated and simply quit worrying about whether the necessary retaliation kills Americans and Israelis. Why are Americans and Israelis more important than Russians and Syrians? Does the Russian government believe the propaganda about Americans being “exceptional and indispensable” and the Israelis being “God's chosen people?”
Perhaps a better way of showing force would be for Russia to call a meeting of the UN Security Council at which Russia could make a presentation along these lines:
Confront the US and its vassals with the long list of the treaties and agreements broken and ignored by the US and now by the UK.
Confront the US and its vassals with the long list of hostile and unsupported accusations against Russia and the West's refusal to resolve the issues on a factual, evidential basis.
Confront the US and its vassals with the fact that neither Russia nor the US and its allies believe one word of the accusations which are intended to serve Washington's hegemony by marginalizing and isolating Russia.
Confront the US and its vassals with the fact that similar demonizations of Saddam Hussein, Gaddafi, and Assad led to military invasions of their countries. Ask if the US and its vassals are preparing their populations for a military attack on Russia.
Confront the US and its vassals with the fact that the tension between the nuclear superpowers is far higher than during the Cold War of the 20th century and that the lies and mendacity of the US government have completely destroyed Russian trust in Washington.
Confront the US and its vassals with the fact that during the Cold War there were numerous false warnings of incoming enemy ICBMs, but that as the two governments were working to reduce tensions, neither side believed the warnings, whereas today the situation is far different. In view of the extraordinary hostility displayed toward Russia by the US and its vassals, Russia cannot take a chance that a warning is false. As the US and its vassals are targeted by Russian nuclear forces, the West has the world on a course of destruction. Is this what Washington and its vassals want? Is the choice Washington's hegemony or death? Ask Washington's vassals why they support this insane choice.
For so long Americans have laughed at the cartoon picture of the bearded man holding their sign, “The End Is Near,” that Americans probably cannot intelligently respond to a warning no matter who gives it.
Similarly, Western policymakers are so demented and the presstitute media so corrupt that the response to a Russian approach to the UN as outlined above would be used as proof of the West's anti-Russian propaganda. The headlines would read: “Russia Threatens the World With Nuclear War.”
Therefore, it seems that the only alternative is for Russia to turn their back—but not their eyes—on the West and to find their future in the East.
All indications are that Russia is unwilling to do this. For the Russian government, being a part of the West is more important than life itself.
*
This article was originally published on Paul Craig Roberts Institute for Political Economy.
Dr. Paul Craig Roberts is a frequent contributor to Global Research.
The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © Dr. Paul Craig Roberts , Global Research, 2018
https://www.globalresearch.ca/can-nuclear-war-be-avoided-russias-response-to-us-provocations/5632673
Traffic was thrown into chaos earlier this afternoon after a crash involving a motorbike and a car closed two lanes on the M32.
The crash happened on a slip road between the M4 and the M32 shortly before 5pm. Two southbound lanes were closed for around an hour.
Both Eastbound and West approaches on the M4 saw traffic queuing after with tailbacks on the M4 stretching to the Bath junction.
Neither driver suffered serious injuries but the motorcyclist was taken to hospital. Both vehicles were cleared from the carriageway shortly after the accident.
However the lanes remained closed for around an hour following the incident while crews cleaned up a large amount of spilled oil from the crash.
The tailbacks saw delays of up to 40 minutes on the M32 as traffic trickled through one lane Southbound.
Northbound traffic was affected as people slowed to look at the accident.
All lanes were reopened shortly after 6pm. Traffic continued to be affected for some time after but roads are back to normal now.
Time: Tuesday, Jan. 2 at 9/8c
Channel: NBC
Stream Online: NBC App, Hulu, fuboTV (Try for free)
This Is Us left its fans slack jawed from the winter finale after Kevin (Justin Hartley) was arrested for a DUI, not knowing their niece was hiding in the backseat. Then the drama went on hiatus for the holidays and it's been weeks since the world has gotten a much-needed update on the Pearson family.
Don't fret. This Is Us is returning at the top of the new year, with a string of new episodes beginning on Tuesday, Jan. 2. The first episode back will deal with Kevin's arrest as well as flash back to a Pearson vacation at the family cabin from Season 1.
Fans will also be pleased to know This Is Us is planning a special episode to air immediately after the Super Bowl on Sunday, Feb. 4. The series will conclude its second season on Tuesday, March 14.
India and Pakistan officials with other dignitaries beating the drum heralding the admission of India and Pakistan as new members of the SCO in Beijing on Thursday. Photo: PTI
Beijing: Welcoming India and Pakistan into the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO), China today dismissed apprehensions that their differences could disrupt the unity of the grouping saying its charter strictly prohibits members to bring their bilateral hostility into the organisation.
“As a founding member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, we are very happy about the membership of India and Pakistan,” China's assistant foreign minister Kong Xuanyou said at a ceremony at the SCO headquarters in Beijing to formally admit the two nations as new members of the grouping.
China, a dominant member of the now eight-member group, hosts the headquarters of the organisation. The SCO headquarters held a ceremony Thursday to hoist the flags of India and Pakistan. Indian ambassador to China Vijay Gokhale and their Pakistan counterpart Masood Khalid attended the ceremony which included jointly beating a huge SCO cooperation drum heralding the admission of their respective countries into the grouping.
India and Pakistan were formally admitted as members at Kazakhstan capital Astana at the SCO summit held on 8-9 June. China, Russia and Central Asian states of Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan besides India and Pakistan are the members of the grouping. Afghanistan, Belarus, Iran and Mongolia are observers. China takes over the rotating Presidency of the group this year from Kazakhstan.
Kong, who attended the ceremony, in a brief chat with reporters allayed apprehensions aired by the state-run Chinese media that entry of India and Pakistan could disrupt the unity of SCO. “In the charter of the SCO there is a clause that the hostility between the bilateral relations should not be brought to the organisation. I believe both the countries will abide by the charter of the organisation,” they said.
“SCO has its own rules of procedures. We hope that those rules can be abided by all member states,” they said, adding that India-Pakistan differences should not be exaggerated. “Between our member states our interests far outweigh our differences. So, we should not exaggerate the differences between the countries as it is not good for the organisation and cooperation between member states. After becoming members, we all become members of the big family.
“China believes the entry of India and Pakistan will guarantee very good cooperation in the organisation. Both countries are important in the region and China, Pakistan and India are in similar stage of development. We face similar challenges. Therefore, we hope that through this organisation we can work together to overcome these challenges,” they said.
“We have expectation for the role of India in this organisation. We hope that the Indian side will give attention to its membership in this organisation and pay attention to it,” they added.
In their interaction with media, Gokhale also said SCO is important for India as it consist of China, Russia and Central Asian states. Asked about how SCO can help India and Pakistan to resolve their differences, they said both the countries have bilateral channels. “We are having the number of bilateral channels. I see this as another opportunity and a platform. It helps because it enhances number of points of contacts. I think it is a good day for both the countries,” they said.
For their part, Khalid said “it is important that India and Pakistan have joined the region.” “We are part of the region. As far as Pakistan is concerned we will make all possible efforts to promote peace and stability in the region and work together as active partners within the SCO to pursue common objectives of development, peace and security. I think historic day that way,” they told PTI.
About the utility of SCO to address contentious issues between India and Pakistan, the Pakistan's envoy said, “I hope so. It provides a multilateral platform where both of our countries will be there. They will be represented. There will be opportunities for interaction.”
"We continue to be in a holding pattern," Judge Christian Wilton told jurors Feb. 13, at the Scott County courthouse. "This is nobody's fault. My hope is to have you back in here next Tuesday."
Hartley, 34, of Eureka Township, is standing trial for the hit-and-run death of Lakeville resident Mollie Mahowald in Elko New Market Sept. 25.
The jury was seated Feb. 6, with the trial running through the week. Closing statements were expected to happen Feb. 13, but have now been delayed as the court waits to see if defense attorney Robert Miller will recover in time to finish.
Mollie's father, Pete Mahowald, said they were afraid the judge would call a mistrial and that they and their family would have to endure the process a second time.
Judge Wilton was unwilling to do that at this point, admonishing jurors to steer clear of news reports on the trial. Their notebooks, containing notes from the trial, were publicly sealed until court reconvenes next week.
Mollie, a member of the Army National Guard, had been out with friends Sept. 25. They had just called their sister for a ride and was standing outside around 2:30 a.m. when Hartley raced by on their motorcycle. They struck her, breaking their jaw, leg and several ribs on the right side of their body, according to the autopsy report. They also had severe injuries on the left side of their body, since the impact threw them several feet.
The cause of death was multiple blunt force injuries, according to Hennepin County Medical Examiner Dr. Lorren Jackson.
The paramedic at the scene told the jurors they and their team had tried to revive Mollie, but that their injuries were so severe, they were unable to find an airway.
They got permission from their superiors to cease life-saving efforts and allowed Mollie's sister and mother to say goodbye.
"It is the defense's position that the victim is the cause of the accident," Miller, Hartley's attorney, said Feb. 3.  They are trying to prove that Mollie was intoxicated and wandered into the path of Hartley's motorcycle.
Hartley is charged with three felony counts of criminal vehicular homicide — driving recklessly, driving drunk and leaving the scene of the accident.
Detective Brian Cade of the Scott County Sheriff's Office, following a tip from someone who knew Hartley, secured a warrant to search Hartley's residence in Eureka Township.
The property is rural and mostly wooded.
Cade noticed mud on the tires of a black truck at the residence and tire tracks matching the truck's tires trailing out into the woods. Cade followed the tracks to an overturned red canoe which was covering Hartley's black motorcycle.
The motorcycle was damaged and was missing a piece in front. The piece was found in the back of the black truck. Plastic saddlebags from the bike had been stashed under an abandoned car on the property, they said.
A search of the residence revealed Hartley's clothes, a pair of blue jeans, a black T-shirt and a blue zip up sweatshirt, in a washing machine.
Prosecuting attorney Michael Budka asked Cade one last question about a recorded phone conversation of Hartley from the Scott County jail.
Cade confirmed that Hartley said, "I will never drink alcohol again."
Doris Gee Scott, 79, of Tompkinsville,passed away Saturday, May 26, while in the company of family members, at Signature Health Care of Monroe County.
Funeral Services will be held at Yokley Trible Funeral Home at 1 p.m., on Tuesday, May 29.
Visitation will be held on Tuesday, May 29, from 6 a.m. to 1 p.m, at Yokley Trible Funeral Home.
Burial is in Monroe County Memorial Lawn
Bowl season will surprise you. Few would have anticipated one of the postseason's best offensive highlights coming from Florida vs. Iowa, but this was an incredible 85-yard touchdown reception by the Gators' Mark Thompson, who broke six tackles en route to the end zone.
How To Get $20,000 Off The Price Of A Master's Degree
Enlarge this image LA Johnson/NPR LA Johnson/NPR
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what they needed to boost their career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," they say.
But they couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. They own a house, they say, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, they signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Them MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if they were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," they say.
Even if they pass the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if they want to finish their graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. They quit their job in the oil industry to earn their master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, they think their on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," they say.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," they say. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
Former White House pastry chef Roland Mesnier and DBGB executive pastry chef Kelsey Burack offer up some do's and don'ts. For starters, keep it edible.
It's not easy building with gingerbread, explained former White House pastry chef Roland Mesnier. It's a “funny medium” that's at the mercy of the weather. (Getty Images/iStockphoto/Malkovstock)
WASHINGTON — PVC has its place in new home construction, but don't even think about using that stuff to prop up a gingerbread house.
So says Roland Mesnier, who worked as White House pastry chef for 26 years. He's built their fair share of gingerbread houses — nay, mansions (see the gallery above) — under five presidents.
He's the Chip and Jojo, the Tarek and Christina, the $%#-ing Bob Vila of gingerbread homebuilding. So when Chef Mesnier speaks, you best pay heed.
And as far as he's concerned, a gingerbread house is made of, well, gingerbread.
“I know some of the stuff … on television is full of PVC pipe and who-knows-what,” they said. “No, that's not the gingerbread house for me.”
Mesnier, along with another local expert — DBGB executive pastry chef Kelsey Burack — recently offered up some do's and don'ts for novice gingerbread homebuilders as Christmas approaches.
Just use gingerbread, man
First of all, it bears repeating: Keep it edible.
Mesnier recalls an instance in the White House when a person who is “sometimes on television” pointed at a spot on one year's project and asked, “Why, don't you put a metal pin in here?”
Suffice it to say, they didn't appreciate the suggestion.
“I looked at her, and I said in my mind: ‘I think you better go. … I think you better take the first door beside you, because you came to this house through the door — you may go out through the window.'”
That decidedly snippy reaction to unsolicited advice was warranted: It's not easy building with this stuff. It's a “funny medium” that's at the mercy of the weather, they explained.
Dry is good
This brings us to the second piece of advice: Keep it dry. Leaving the oven door slightly open can help.
“If you have a rainy day, the gingerbread will suck up humidity like a sponge and then get very soft, so if you have to build a house with that — good luck,” said Mesnier, whose projects during their time at the White House ranged from re-creations of President Clinton's boyhood home to an epic collection of D.C. landmarks.
[They're all featured in the book “The White House in Gingerbread: Memories & Recipes,” which includes fold-out templates for gingerbread projects both simple (cottage) and complex (the White House), as well as step-by-step instructions and other recipes.]
Another piece of advice: Use a “non-spread” gingerbread recipe that isn't too heavy on the sugar.
“It keeps your lines and the sides of the house very straight,” said Burack, who's posted their non-spread recipe on DBGB's Instagram account. They recommend aiming for a density of about an eighth to a quarter of an inch.
“Make sure to keep it nice and thick, so that it tastes good and it's still chewy, but it also will hold its shape,” Burack said. “If it's too thin, it gets a bit fragile, and it has a higher tendency to snap and break.”
Your glue: Chocolate or icing
This brings us to the bonding agent, where there are two schools of thought.
Mesnier relies on a quarter-inch layer of chocolate to reinforce the gingerbread so it can withstand changes in humidity. Burack, on the other hand, relies more on royal icing. (Her recipe: one part pasteurized egg whites to three parts confectioners sugar.)
“Having a nice stiff royal icing to use as an edible glue is always a good main important ingredient for building a solid foundation for a gingerbread house,” said Burack, who's built at least a dozen gingerbread houses in their homebuilding career.
As for the finishing touches, that really depends on how much time you have and how crafty you are. Mesnier, who would spend hundreds of hours on their creations, used marzipan to create little snowmen or even a likeness of Socks the Cat.
But you don't have to get that intricate. Burack suggests gumdrops, holiday-colored M&Ms or candy canes. Confectioners sugar makes great snow, as does more icing.
“I personally love to just kind of go crazy with the royal icing and make it look beautiful and smelly and white,” Burack said.
Keep it simple
Finally: If you're a first-timer, keep it simple. As inspirational as Mesnier's creations may be, it's best to keep those ambitions modest. “Don't try to build a mansion, OK?” Mesnier said. “Just build a little country home. A little condominium or something. A tiny house.”
If that proves to be too difficult, you can still have fun with the finished product before you eat it.
“You can even just put a little T. rex dinosaur on there and say that it was being destroyed or something like that,” Burack suggested.
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
China's Top Employers Routinely Publish Sexist Job Ads, Study Says
A new report from Human Rights Watch claims that in China, despite economic growth and more opportunities for women, gender discrimination in job recruitment remains a serious problem.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
OK, the Me Too movement has spotlighted sexual harassment in the workplace, but what about discrimination before you get the job? A new report finds that China's top employers routinely publish sexist ads. NPR's Rob Schmitz reports.
ROB SCHMITZ, BYLINE: After Human Rights Watch analyzed more than 36,000 job postings over the past five years in China, it found gender discrimination across employers from both state and private sectors.
(SOUNDBITE OF AD)
UNIDENTIFIED PERSON #1: (Speaking Chinese).
SCHMITZ: In an online job recruitment video for male technicians posted by Alibaba, China's largest Internet company, the narrator says chosen candidates will work with a staff of beautiful women. This is followed by shots of female employees of the company saying how much they love to work with tech guys.
(SOUNDBITE OF AD)
UNIDENTIFIED PERSON #2: (Speaking Chinese).
SCHMITZ: "The most important thing is that they treat me well and that he's handsome," a young Alibaba employee gushes. They manage to say this while pole dancing.
MAYA WANG: I mean, on the one hand, as a woman, I kind of felt like, you know, just quite disgusted.
SCHMITZ: Human Rights Watch's Maya Wang says top Chinese tech companies like Baidu and Tencent posted similar ads all promising that male employees would work with beautiful women and, quote, "goddesses."
WANG: I think it tells you that the problem is fairly common and widespread and quite accepted as a practice that they didn't even think twice or didn't think that it would kind of create any pushback or uproar.
SCHMITZ: Last year, Tencent apologized for footage of an annual company outing showing female staff kneeling, appearing to use their mouths to open water bottles tucked between the legs of their male co-workers. Tencent and Baidu have both apologized in the wake of this latest report, and Alibaba defended itself, saying that nearly half its employees are women and that women occupy a third of its management positions. But Wang says until China's government starts cracking down on gender discrimination, something they say it does not do, this type of discrimination will continue in the world's second largest economy. Rob Schmitz, NPR News, Shanghai.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
DETROIT (AP) -- Detroit Tigers pitching prospect Franklin Perez is expected to miss at least three months with a right lat strain.
The Tigers say Perez was injured in a minor league game Sunday. There is no surgery recommended at this point, but the recovery is expected to take a minimum of 12 weeks.
Perez, a 20-year-old right-hander, was acquired by Detroit in the trade that sent Justin Verlander to Houston last season. Perez went 6-3 with a 3.02 ERA across two levels of the minors last year. They made 10 starts at Class A and six at Double-A. Baseball America tabbed Perez as Detroit's top prospect this offseason.
The rebuilding Tigers aren't expected to contend this year, but Perez figured to be a prospect to watch, no matter where in Detroit's system they ended up pitching.
Copyright Associated Press 2018. All rights reserved.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
What would you be willing to do to save the library service in your village?
This was the question posed to a group of Long Ashton residents at a meeting last night (Monday, April 23).
It comes as North Somerset Council has announced a review of frontline library services which could see the Long Ashton library close its doors for good.
As a result the authority's libraries manager Andy Brisley was invited to explain the situation to residents at the annual meeting of Long Ashton Parish Council.
The message was a stark one - what with continuing budget cuts and an expensive building lease (£14,000 a year) - it was unlikely that the library would continue in its Lovelinch Gardens premises where it has been for nearly 50 years.
Speaking at the meeting, Mr Brisley told residents: “I don't want to have to tell you that but in my heart of hearts that's probably going to happen.”
Mr Brisley held no punches when they informed residents about the challenges they face, not just in Long Ashton, but across the entire region.
“Ten years ago I had a budget of £3.1million. This year I was given £1.6million to deliver basically the same service,” they told the meeting.
“You can only imagine the cutbacks I have had to make and this year we have had to go over the edge and we find ourselves in a much more serious financial situation as a library service.”
North Somerset Council has already announced that it needs to save another quarter of a million pounds within the library budget over the next two years.
This is on top of the £250,000 saved last year thanks to a staff restructure as well as the money saved when the libraries in Pill, Worle and Yatton were integrated with children's centres.
(Image: GeorgeRudy)
The need to cut costs is even more prevalent in Long Ashton where an expensive lease and crippling maintenance costs are draining most of the budget.
During last night's meeting Mr Brisley told residents that it cost £55,000 a year to run the library service in Long Ashton and that in the current financial climate it is no longer viable in its current format.
Part of the problem is that the council does not own the building in Lovelinch Gardens but lease it from a Northern Irish company for £14,000 a year.
This is a huge amount compared to the library in Pill which is free for the council to use as it is owned by Alliance Housing. And in Winscombe North Somerset pays just £10 a year in ground rent thanks to a deal between the council and the Cooperative society.
Mr Brisley told the meeting that there was a £60,000 backlog of maintenance repairs on the building. And this is in addition to the £10,500 the council has just spent replacing the electrical switchgear in the building.
And residents were warned that this was just the start of the maintenance repairs needed to keep the building up to scratch.
“If I'm honest we need to rewire the entire building, replace the heating and install new electrics throughout,” added Mr Brisley.
“So we have to ask ourselves is that the most appropriate building for us to remain in?”
And with the ten year lease on the building having come to an end last year North Somerset has said this is now the time to look at the best way to provide a library service in Long Ashton.
Currently the council is looking at three main options - but have said they would be open to any viable solutions which would keep a library service in Long Ashton.
The first, described as the nuclear option, would see the Long Ashton Library close completely. Limited outreach services would continue to be delivered to the housebound and “other key client groups”.
North Somerset has said this is not the option it wants as it recognises the need to maintain some form of library provision in Long Ashton.
The second option is a mobile library service which would potentially consist of two half day visits to the village every week. It would be provided alongside a mix of outreach activities and a pop-up library - which could be located in a community cafe once a week.
The third option, which the council has said is the most preferable, is relocating the library to a shared premise or community space within the village.
However this option is reliant on a business or community group coming forward with enough volunteers and money in order to make the service a success.
With the message to residents sounding pretty dire the North Somerset Council representatives said it was now time to see what people would like to see in Long Ashton but also what they would be willing to help provide for the village.
Some residents asked whether the parish council could take on the running of the library service in partnership with North Somerset.
And although the parish council said this was an option they would be willing to explore, members were clear that it would come at a “significant cost” to the taxpayer.
Parish Council chairperson Andrew Wilkinson told the meeting that a working group had already been set up in order to explore options to save the library.
“If we take this on there is a significant upfront cost which we have no budget for,” they added.
“In order to do this we would need to show a serious level of engagement from the public of around 30 to 40 volunteers.
“Because if we were to take on that upfront cost and then don't get the engagement that money would be wasted.”
During the meeting residents were told that part of that cost would likely be covered by a “noticeable increase” in council tax next year.
Set at nearly £60 for the average Band D property Long Ashton is currently the second lowest in North Somerset - but residents were warned this was likely to change.
And while some residents at the meeting welcomed the opportunity to pay more council tax to ensure a static library service is maintained within the village - they were also aware this may not be a popular choice for all residents.
Which brings us back to that £55,000 question - what would you be willing to do to keep a library service in Long Ashton?
The library is not likely to close for another six to nine months while a public consultation is carried out and various options are explored.
So for now all residents are being asked to do is show an interest in keeping the library open by either signing up as a volunteer with the parish council or helping to find a business or premises that could be used as a shared service.
All the while keeping in mind that if you want a library service in Long Ashton you will probably have to be willing to pay for it.
Polyethylene foam is a durable and lightweight material often used for in the packaging of fragile goods due to its excellent vibration and insulation properties. It also offers high resistance to chemicals and moisture. Polyethylene foam is easy to process and fabricate and exhibits high load bearing characteristics which help manufacturers reduce packaging costs as they can use thinner and smaller amounts of foam and still protect their products. Polyethylene foam is developed by thermochemical expansion with low-density polyethylene resins. The closed cell structure resists water pick-up and moisture transmission. These foams are resistant to chemical reactions from water, oil, greases, and common chemicals. Polyethylene foams are ideal for packaging, surface protection, cold chain, automotive, sports & leisure, void fill, medical, construction, military, blocking & bracing, recreational, agriculture, and archery target applications.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22421
The polyethylene foams market is mainly driven by increasing residential and commercial construction activities caused by rapid urbanization and increasing income levels and modern attitudes toward home ownership in several countries. In addition, rising expenditure on commercial and luxury vehicles in emerging economies is expected to fuel the demand for polyethylene foams in the automotive sector. The building & construction industry is likely to witness growth during the forecast period, driven by investments in new infrastructure development, housing projects, and renovation of non-residential buildings in emerging economies, contributing to an increasing demand for polyethylene foams in various applications.
The global polyethylene foams market can be categorized into the following: ethafoam synergy fine cell polyethylene foams, flame-resistant polyethylene foams, medium & high density foams, and military grade & recycled content foam. Based on the method of foaming, the market is classified into the following categories: mechanical foaming, foaming with hollow glass beads, chemical foaming, and physical foaming. In terms of application, the polyethylene foams market is divided into the packaging, surface protection, cold chain, automotive, sports & leisure, void fill, medical, construction, military, blocking & bracing, recreational, agriculture, and archery target segments. Protective packaging is a significant end-use application of polyethylene foams and accounts for a major market share in terms of volume.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/polyethylene-foams-market.html
The global polyethylene foams market has witnessed decent growth in 2015 and is anticipated to follow the same trend over the forecast period. Asia Pacific accounted for a major share in the polyethylene foams market owing to the availability of inexpensive raw materials, low cost of production, and the product's ability to cater to the local emerging market. Besides, increased demand for premium and better quality products has contributed to the development of the polyethylene foams market in this region.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
SEATTLE — Richaud Gittens made a pair of free throws with 16 seconds left to give Seattle a 55-54 victory over Utah Valley on Saturday night.
Brandon Randolph scored eight straight points for the Wolverines to give them a 54-51 lead with 1:14 to play. Jordan Hill's jumper pulled Seattle to 54-53 with a minute left.
Randolph missed a 3-point shot and Morgan Means missed a 3 for the Redhawks, but Gittens was fouled pulling in the offensive board and then made ensuing free throws. Following a Utah Valley timeout, Kenneth Ogbe missed a 3-pointer to end it.
Aaron Menzies had 15 points, 12 rebounds and six blocks to lead Seattle (16-8, 5-2 Western Athletic Conference). Means added 14 points, Hill had 10 and Gittens finished with nine.
This year, on February 3rd, marks the 20th anniversary of the term Open Source. The open source initiative is gearing up for celebrations and activities all year. They've put together a pdf which you can download that has information on the founding of the Open Source Initiative, and thoughts from the previous directors.
Here's an excerpt from the pdf.
The “open source” label was created at a strategy session held on February 3rd, 1998 in Palo Alto, California. That same month, the Open Source Initiative (OSI) was founded as a general educational and advocacy organization to raise awareness and adoption for the superiority of an open development process. One of the first tasks undertaken by OSI was to draft the Open Source Definition (OSD). Till this day, the OSD is considered a gold standard of open-source licensing. Although adoption of the term “Open Source” had support from many, including the founders of Linux, Sendmail, Perl, Python, Apache, and representatives from the Internet Engineering Task Force, and Internet Software Consortium, interest in the late 90's from industry was… well, less than enthusiastic. The OSI's focus for the past 20 years has been to address open source F.U.D., while promoting best practices in community, collaboration, and co-creation. Now that so many agree “Open Source has Won,” we think we've been successful.
I highly suggest you go to their website and check out the information. They've got a nice interactive timeline as well as ways that you can participate and help further the goals of the Open Source Initiative in 2018.
"The federal government committed to implementing the 2030 agenda three years ago, but again, it is not ready to respect its international commitment," they said. "When will it be ready?"
Them main concerns about the UN agenda commitment stem from the fact while the main departments involved have done many consultations on the issues, there has not yet been a proper analysis of what government policies will affect the targets laid out in the agreement. There is also no implementation plan to measure, monitor and report on Canada's progress to meeting those targets.
However, the audit report looked at the period between September 2015 and November 2017 and Gelfand does acknowledge that the February federal budget promised nearly $50 million between now and 2030 to create a specific government unit to oversee the agenda, as well as to fund monitoring and reporting by Statistics Canada.
The statistics agency also expects this spring to have a data portal ready to report on the Canadian indicators around the UN 2030 agenda.
The single unit could address one of Gelfand's concerns that there are too many departments assigned as co-leads on the agenda, leaving no one to take full ownership of or leadership on the file.
"In my opinion, it is difficult to move forward with 10 hands on the wheel," they say.
Gelfand's third audit this spring looked at another Canadian UN environment commitment it has failed to meet, this one the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity, a legally binding treaty acknowledging a global decline in biodiversity is one of the "most serious issues facing humanity."
Canada has had a biodiversity strategy under this convention since 1995 and in 2002 countries that signed on to the convention committed to reducing the rate of biodiversity loss by 2010. They didn't do it and new targets were set for 2020.
Gelfand's audit found Environment Canada isn't doing what it needs to do to hit the 2020 targets, focusing its efforts on international meetings and creating national committees rather than analyzing whether its actions will do anything to help. There is also no comprehensive monitoring or reporting on whether there is any progress to meeting the 2020 targets.
In Canada, more than 500 plants and animals are listed as species at risk under federal legislation, a list that grows each year. Various reports have found mammal populations in Canada declined 43 per cent between 1970 and 2014, amphibian and reptile populations fell 34 per cent and fish populations were down 20 per cent. The World Wildlife Fund in 2017 also reported that species declined far faster between 2002 and 2014 than they did between 1970 and 2002, even though there are supposed to be many more protections in place to prevent that from happening.
It's incredibly difficult to remain dry-eyed while watching Michelle Williams act.
The four-time Oscar nominee most often appears in tear-jerkers and practically demands empathy, best captured by their nominated performance as a grief-stricken mother in "Manchester by the Sea." Randi (Williams) runs into ex-husband Lee (Casey Affleck) years after a bitter divorce brought on by the death of their three children. They sob, mourning their shared loss and pleading with them to mend their relationship. Williams lost the Oscar to "Fences" actor Viola Davis — a more-than-worthy opponent — but my goodness, Randi's pain radiates.
So what a surprise it was to discover that Williams plays a prominent role in the new Amy Schumer vehicle, "I Feel Pretty." Perhaps less surprising, they wind up being the best part of the film. Williams outshines their co-stars as timid cosmetics company chief executive Avery LeClair, proof that they steal almost every movie she's in — even if that movie happens to be a comedy.
Schumer plays Renee Bennett, a woman with low self-esteem who bumps their head at spin class and suddenly considers themselves to be the most beautiful person they know. They work for cosmetics company Lily LeClair and, after changing positions, moves from a dingy basement office to the glamorous Fifth Avenue headquarters. They gawk at the elegant chief executive who seemingly represents the fashion industry's elitism. Then, Avery opens their mouth.
Williams revives the breathiness of their "My Week With Marilyn" voice here, taking its pitch up a few notches. Them wavering speech — something of a cross between a sick baby and an elderly woman — is the opposite of what Avery appears to be. The babyish quality might match their pastel, puppy-printed clothing, but it doesn't reflect Avery's credentials as a Wharton graduate and former clerk for a Supreme Court justice. The vocal fry gets you every time.
But, as with Renee, what makes the audience laugh also proves to be what concerns the character most. Avery cowers in fear of their tough grandmother Lily LeClair (Lauren Hutton), which, coupled with insecurities about their voice, cripples their ability to do their job. Williams' made-up face purposefully relays little, leaving their squeak and well-timed one-liners to do the heavy lifting. In one scene, they memorably pronounce the name of the department store Kohl's, "KO-holes."
Avery is a departure for the actor, who, after their breakout role in "Dawson's Creek," built a career on playing distressed women. Before Randi, Williams played parts such as the troubled (heartbroken) wife Alma in "Brokeback Mountain" and the troubled (destructive) wife Dolores in "Shutter Island." Though a supporting character in both films, Williams captivates viewers during their scenes. By the time news of "My Week With Marilyn" rolled around in 2010, it made perfect sense that Williams would play one of the most tragic figures in Hollywood history.
"I Feel Pretty" hasn't fared well with critics, many of whom have taken issue with the script's convoluted message about beauty standards. But most have found reason to praise Williams, who elevates the rather two-dimensional figure with a clever performance. Manohla Dargis of the New York Times called Avery's voice "delectably funny," and Vox's Alissa Wilkinson referred to the character as the film's "one bright, shining beacon of hope." Variety's Peter Debruge deemed this "hands-down the funniest performance" of Williams's career.
The film doesn't give us much, but it allows us to witness the comedy magic that Williams once exhibited as a ditsy teen who helps expose Richard Nixon's involvement in the Watergate scandal in 1999's "Dick." Avery is a ridiculous character — more so a complement to Renee's silliness than a foil — and their grating voice is certainly unpleasant. But even when they bemoan, "I sound like a freaking moron," you somehow can't help but want to hear more.
Here are this week's average fuel prices per imperial gallon, as released by the Utility Regulation and Competition Office.
The five least expensive places for you to fill up are:
Refuel……………. $4.09 / $4.26 (87 /90 Octane E10 ethanol blend)
Peanuts……………$4.24
4 Winds…………..$4.26
Eastern Ave……..$4.32
Savannah…………$4.32
Click here for the full list.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Cybertraining Election Officials For This Year's Voting
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pam Fessler/NPR News Pam Fessler/NPR News
If anyone knows how easily voting can be disrupted, it's a county election supervisor in the state of Florida. That's one reason several dozen of them gathered in Orlando recently to discuss ways to protect against the most recent threat — cyberattacks by Russia or others intent on disrupting U.S. elections.
Marion County elections supervisor Wesley Wilcox said they realize the threat has evolved far beyond the butterfly ballots and hanging chads that upended the 2000 presidential race. And even beyond the lone hacker.
"It's no longer the teenager in their basement eating Cheetos that's trying to get into my system," said Wilcox. "There are now nation states that are, in a coordinated effort, trying to do something."
CIA Director Mike Pompeo is the latest intelligence official to warn the Russians will likely try to interfere in this year's elections, as they did in 2016. And Florida was among at least 21 states that intelligence agencies say had their election systems probed by Russian hackers during the last election cycle.
There's no evidence that any votes were affected, but everyone at the Orlando meeting was well aware that they're now on the front lines of a serious international conflict.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pam Fessler/NPR News Pam Fessler/NPR News
Elections How To Protect The Next Election From Hacking How To Protect The Next Election From Hacking Listen · 3:51 3:51
"The reality is all of us are going to be impacted at some point in time by a cyber incident. All of us," Matt Masterson, chairperson of the U.S. Election Assistance Commission, told the group. Their agency is working with states and localities to beef up election security.
Masterson displayed a news article about hackers targeting nuclear facilities to drive home the significance of the threat.
"I share this because you're now in good company," they said. "As part of the nation's critical infrastructure, you're now in a group with nuclear facilities."
The Department of Homeland Security last year designated elections as part of the nation's critical infrastructure.
Since 2000, most jurisdictions have replaced their old equipment with more computerized systems, including electronic voting machines, vote tabulators and on-line registration systems. Ryan Macias of the Election Assistance Commission said new technology carries new risks and vulnerabilties.
"We have denial of service, which is a disruption attack, your website going down," they said, noting that if that happens on Election Day, it can shake voter confidence, even if no actual votes have been changed.
They said it's also important to make sure that vendors and contractors are using secure systems. And to screen temporary election workers who might have access to sensitive information and passwords.
Ransomware is another problem. "What happens if somebody takes your data, takes your election night reporting data, and holds it ransom on election night?" Macias asked. "What are you going to do? How are you going to recover from that? What are you backup processes?"
The election supervisors and some of their IT staffers broke into small groups to work out their responses to several hypothetical attacks. They had to figure out whom to call first, how to contain the damage and whom to tell about the incident. Should law enforcement be informed?
"Alright, so it appears one of our employees has been successfully phished," Will Boyett, of the Alachua County elections office, said in presenting one of the scenarios.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pam Fessler/NPR News Pam Fessler/NPR News
Phishing attacks are something most of the people in the room are very familiar with. According to a leaked intelligence report, Russian hackers, posing as a Florida vendor, tried to get local election office workers to open e-mail attachments containing malicious software. So far, there's no evidence anyone did.
It was clear that many of those gathering in Orlando already have protections in place and are well aware of the risks. But some county election offices are extremely small, with no IT staff of their own. Dana Southerland runs elections in Taylor County, which has only 13,000 voters. They said they picked up some useful tips, such as changing passwords and being careful about opening e-mails.
"Making sure that it's not a phishing e-mail or something like that. I had no idea what that was until we started having some of these workshops," they said.
Southerland — who is also President of the Florida State Association of Supervisors of Elections and helped organize the session — said perhaps the most important message is that no one is immune from attack, and they have to be prepared.
Foster Loyer is Mr. Basketball, getting twice as many first-place votes as any other candidate.
The award honoring the state's top senior basketball player was announced Monday by the Basketball Coaches Association of Michigan and the Detroit Free Press.
Loyer, a 6-foot point guard, has signed with Michigan State. They will join a backcourt with 2016 Mr. Basketball winner Cassius Winston.
East Lansing's Brandon Johns and David DeJulius of Detroit East English's Village were second and third in the voting. Johns and DeJulius have signed with Michigan.
Loyer is averaging 27 points, seven assists, four rebounds and three steals for Clarkston, which will face Flint Carman-Ainsworth in the state quarterfinals on Tuesday.
Copyright Associated Press 2018. All rights reserved.
© Thomas Samson / AFP
Around 1.4 kilograms of the synthetic radioactive substance californium was found in the car during the raid, according to NTV and the state-run Anadolu Agency The raid was conducted by the authorities in Ankara, who were acting on a tip-off.Its name was derived from the University of California, where it was originally synthesized.
× How Repealing Obamacare affects everyone
NEW YORK – Obamacare touches just about everyone.
It's not just for the 20 million people who have health insurance through the individual Obamacare exchanges or Medicaid expansion.
Under Obamacare, senior citizens pay less for Medicare coverage and for their prescription drugs. Many Americans have received free contraceptives, mammograms, colonoscopies and cholesterol tests. And small business employees with older and sicker workers have not been slapped with super-high premiums.
“The ACA made changes in every part of the health care system,” said Larry Levitt, senior vice president at the Kaiser Family Foundation, of the Affordable Care Act. “Virtually everyone has been touched by the ACA.”
President-elect Donald Trump and congressional Republicans have vowed to swiftly repeal Obamacare. They plan to start with the provisions that affect spending and revenues — including the federal subsidies, Medicaid expansion, taxes and mandates that all individuals obtain coverage and large employees provide it. That will require only a majority of votes in the Senate. But Republicans have promised to eventually undo all of President Obama's signature health reform law, save for the provision allowing children under age 26 to stay on their parents' plan.
Here's how Obamacare and its full repeal would affect all Americans:
Medicare
Dismantling Obamacare would likely mean higher premiums, deductibles and cost-sharing for the 57 million senior citizens and disabled Americans enrolled in the program. It would also bring back the infamous “donut hole” in Medicare's prescription drug coverage.
The health reform law made many changes to Medicare. It slowed the growth of payment rates to hospitals and other providers, reduced payments to Medicare Advantage plans and improved benefits for enrollees. Repealing Obamacare would increase Medicare spending by $802 billion over 10 years, according to estimates by the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office.
As a result, Medicare beneficiaries would pay more because premiums and deductibles are tied to the growth of federal outlays. So seniors would face higher deductibles and co-payments for their Part A, which covers hospital stays, and higher premiums and deductibles for Part B, which pays for doctor visits and other services. The White House estimated that the typical Medicare beneficiary is paying about $700 less in premium and cost sharing this year because of slower growth in costs.
Under Obamacare, Medicare enrollees receive free preventative benefits, such as screenings for breast and colorectal cancer, heart disease and diabetes. This provision would disappear under a full repeal.
Readers: How has Obamacare affected you? How should President-elect Trump reform health care? Email tami.luhby@cnn.com and we may cite you in an upcoming story.
Also, Obamacare called for closing the gap in Medicare's drug coverage in stages, completely eliminating it by 2020. Senior citizens have to pay more for drugs while they are in the donut hole. For 2016, the gap begins when enrollees and their insurers have spent $3,310 for medication and ends after they hit $4,850 in costs. Since Obamacare was passed in 2010, more than 11 million people have saved an average of more than $2,100 a person on prescription drugs, according to the White House.
The donut hole would return if Obamacare were repealed.
Higher-income enrollees, however, would see some financial benefit from repeal. Obamacare froze the threshold for the Medicare premium surcharge at $85,000 for individuals and $170,000 for couples, so more people have become subject to it. The law also added a premium surcharge on drug coverage for wealthier beneficiaries.
Employer-sponsored insurance
Say goodbye to the employer mandate if Obamacare is repealed. Companies with at least 50 employees would no longer be required to provide affordable insurance to their staffers who work more than 30 hours a week.
This likely wouldn't have a major impact on the 150 million workers who are insured through their jobs since most larger employers already offer coverage for full-time workers, Levitt said.
However, setting the bar at 30 hours a week prompted some employers to extend coverage to more of their staff, since many companies had considered that threshold to be part-time. If repealed, companies could opt to cover only those working at least 35 or 40 hours a week, leaving some people uninsured.
Also, companies would no longer have to keep children on their parents' plans until they turn 26. This has proved to be one of the more popular Obamacare provisions, with 2.3 million Americans ages 19 to 25 signing up between 2010 and the start of open enrollment in 2013, according to the White House's most recent figure. (Trump has said they may keep this policy.)
Workers, however, may have to start paying again for contraceptives and preventative screenings, such as colonoscopies and mammograms. Obamacare requires these to be provided free-of-charge.
Obamacare also prohibits employers from imposing annual or lifetime limits on benefits and caps out-of-pocket spending (to $6,850 for single workers in 2016). But most companies' policies already met these criteria.
Repealing Obamacare could have a bigger hit on employees who work at companies with fewer than 50 workers.
They enjoyed many of the benefits Obamacare brought to the individual market. Insurers could no longer ban workers with pre-existing conditions or ask them to pay more. It required plans to cover an array of benefits, including maternity, mental health and prescription drugs. And it limited insurers from charging older workers premiums more than three times those of younger workers. All this could be reversed under repeal.
Individual market
Obamacare has had the largest impact on the individual market, which was largely unregulated prior to the health reform law.
It sought to make health insurance more accessible and affordable in a number of ways. It required insurers to cover people with pre-existing conditions and banned them from charging the sick more. The law ended the practice of insurers imposing annual or lifetime caps on benefits, and it also placed limits on annual out-of-pocket spending. It mandated that individual insurance cover an array of benefits, including medication, maternity and mental health. It prevented insurers from charging women more and restricted premiums for older folks at no more than three times those of young adults.
Obamacare set up health insurance exchanges to allow Americans to shop for individual policies and created federal subsidies so low- and moderate-income enrollees could buy policies for less than 10% of their income. Another set of subsidies limit the deductibles and co-payments for lower-income policyholders. Some 10.4 million people were covered through the Obamacare exchanges, as of June.
Another 6.9 million Americans purchase individual policies outside of the Obamacare exchanges. They cannot apply for subsidies, but receive all of the other benefits.
(Trump has said they would continue to require insurers to cover those with pre-existing conditions, but only if they were continuously insured. Those who did not have coverage could be subject to higher premiums or forced to apply for policies in state-based high-risk pools.)
Medicaid
Before Obamacare, most Medicaid enrollees were low-income children, pregnant women, parents, the disabled and the elderly.
The health reform law opened up the program to low-income adults with incomes of up to 138% of the poverty line — $16,400 for a single person — in states that opted to expand their Medicaid programs. So far, 31 states, plus the District of Columbia, have done so, adding nearly 17 million more people to the rolls since late 2013, just before the provision took effect. (This figure includes both those newly eligible under expansion and those who always met the criteria.)
Under the program, the federal government paid 100% of the costs of the expansion population for the first three years and slowly lowered the reimbursement rate to 90%.
Repealing Obamacare would leave millions of the poorest Americans without insurance.
Uninsured
Under Obamacare, nearly all Americans have to obtain insurance or pay a penalty, which this year hit $695 per adult or 2.5% of household income, whichever is greater. This mandate would be lifted by repeal.
By Tami Luhby, CNN
Rome, December 11 - Francesco Totti said Monday's draw for the Champions League last 16 was relatively kind to AS Roma but stressed that the Serie A side will not underestimate Shakhtar. "We have to say that, given who was left available to us, at the end it went reasonably well for us," said former Roma and Italy great Totti, who retired as a player last season and now is a director for the club. "But we won't underestimate Shakhtar in any way: they are a strong side physically and technically. Especially at home they are very formidable. "It will be a difficult tie and, as we always know, the further you go in the competition the harder the tests are".
Vendee Globe - Alex Thomson fields questions in the South Atlantic
Hugo Boss on a sea trial off southern England in August 2016 © Cleo Barnham Hugo Boss on a sea trial off southern England in August 2016 © Cleo Barnham Hugo Boss
**Video Update Onboard HUGO BOSS**
Alex is back answering your questions, don't forget to send your questions in and we shall pass them onto Alex to answer. Happy New Year from all at Alex Thomson Racing.
#VG2016 #SailSurviveSucceed #MB #StarboardTack #OceanMasters Posted by Alex Thomson Racing on Sunday, January 1, 2017
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/150850
by Sail-World.com today at 9:09 amHe talks about power generation, engine use, how they cope with going through a wave, working on the bow, weather analysis, tactics, and best point of sailing for Hugo Boss - or as they put it 'holiday time'!Now 160nm behind race leader Armel Le Cleac'h, having been almost within sight of Banque Populaire V a couple of days ago, Thomson's best chance of regaining the race lead lies with taking a different route through the Doldrums.If you want a question answered go to Alex Thomson Racing on Facebook and their shore team will send your questions onto Alex to answer.
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) — A lawsuit alleging a Rhode Island YMCA would not allow a mother to breastfeed in public has been settled.
The American Civil Liberties Union of Rhode Island on Friday announced the settlement on behalf of Elizabeth Gooding, who sued the Ocean Community YMCA in May.
Gooding is a mother of three who was a part-time employee and member at the YMCA. They alleged employees at the Westerly branch told them in February 2015 and again a month later they couldn't nurse in public areas at the YMCA.
The YMCA said it took “affirmative steps” to address Gooding's concerns at that time. It said a private area was created for employees who choose to breastfeed.
Further details on the settlement haven't been disclosed. The Ocean Community YMCA's president and vice president couldn't be reached for comment Sunday.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
League One strugglers Bury have appointed Lee Clark as their new manager.
The former Newcastle midfielder, 44, takes charge with the Shakers 21st in the table, two points adrift of safety.
Clark replaces David Flitcroft at Gigg Lane after leaving their post at SPL outfit Kilmarnock.
Bury chairperson Stewart Day said: “The appointment of the manager for the club is a key one in the progression of Bury Football Club and I have taken my time to assess where we are as club and how we can progress forward.
"Sometimes this takes longer than anticipated due to ensuring you get the right person, the relationship between the chairperson and the manager, at any football club, is the most important partnership.
"Lee is someone who I have followed through their playing and managerial career and Lee has played at the very highest level and has managed at League One and Championships clubs and I, particularly, was aware of their time at Huddersfield and Birmingham City. Lee managed Huddersfield to a record 49 games unbeaten and took the club to the League One Play-off final."
Food provided by military spouses are laid out as service members take tests during a “DSST/CLEP-a-thon” at Al Udeid Air Base, Qatar, Feb. 11, 2017. The CLEP-a-thon was a testing marathon during which service members took DANTES Subject Standardized Test exams and College Level Examination Program tests. (U.S. Air Force photo by Senior Airman Cynthia A. Innocenti)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.11.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 02:49 Photo ID: 3166550 VIRIN: 170213-F-SB162-0004 Resolution: 7360x4912 Size: 14.35 MB Location: AL UDEID AIR BASE, QA Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Saving time, money: Education center holds DSST/CLEP-a-thon [Image 1 of 3], by SrA Cynthia Innocenti, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England's curry hot-spots were crying into their kormas yesterday - after Glasgow was named Britain's spice capital.
According to a study Indian food fans in Scotland's second city like their dishes hotter than anyone south of the border, including those in Bradford, Leicester and Birmingham.
Curry-lovers in Southampton finished just behind Glasgow in the poll, followed by Cambridge, Cardiff and Liverpool.
To celebrate Glaswegian's penchant for spice, UberEATS partnered with Indian restaurant Tuk Tuk to create the ‘Hellfire Phaal'.
(Image: SWNS.com)
The ‘Hellfire Phaal' is twice as spicy as a Vindaloo and includes chillies not found in mainstream supermarkets.
UberEATS are inviting locals to try the super hot curry throughout National Curry Week, which runs from the 9th to 15th of October.
The dish contains a hell-like hot mixture of spices, including a dozen chillies.
Chefs at Tuk Tuk donned protective gloves and eyewear in order to protect themselves during the making of the dish.
Chef Deepak Sapkota, 31, said: “This curry isn't your madras or vindaloo, this is much hotter.
(Image: SWNS.com)
''In fact, we have never served a curry this hot before here at Tuk Tuk.
''We know our guests love spice as they're always asking for an extra chilli here and there so we're thrilled to be able to create this never before seen curry with UberEATS.
"The chillies in this dish can't be found in mainstream shops, you'll have to hunt them down in specialist ones or just order my creation using the app.
(Image: SWNS.com)
''My secret weapon is always lemon juice, it sounds simple, but it's a chef's best friend when creating curry.
"I've been cooking traditional curries for over 12 years. I first learnt how from my family in Nepal. I love Nepalese cooking and use a lot of those tricks in my methods today.”
The spice poll, which was commissioned by UberEATS, also discovered that as a nation, six out of ten of us have a favourite curry house which we loyally buy from on a weekly basis.
And four out of ten usually opt for the same meal completely.
Tikka masala is the most popular curry dish.
(Image: SWNS.com)
Chicken remains our favourite meat choice with pilau rice on the side. The research, carried out via OnePoll.com also found the classic onion bhaji is our best-loved starter followed by samosas and sag aloo.
It also emerged around 17 per cent of the population order a hotter curry than usual when they are out with friends in a bid to outdo their pals.
Brummies are ordering more curries in an average month than any other city and Liverpool is the garlic naan hotspot of the UK.
Meanwhile locals in Norwich have the mildest palette.
Six in ten Londoners prefer the taste of their local curry house and half of Londoners would eat more curry if it was conveniently available.
(Image: SWNS.com)
Our love of Indian fare means curry has now beaten pizza as the most popular choice for a takeaway and six in ten agree that their local curry house makes a much better curry than they do.
Toussaint Wattinne of UberEATS said: “It's been great fun working with Tuk Tuk to create the UK's hottest curry.
''At UberEATS our aim is for our users to be able to enjoy the dishes they love in the comfort of their own home - so for those in Glasgow hopefully the Hellfire Phaal will live up to expectations.
(Image: SWNS.com)
''We have hundreds of Indian restaurants to choose from on the app and we hope that people will join us in celebrating National Curry Week.”
Available to Glasgow residents and businesses, UberEATS will deliver the world's hottest curry with ease and reliability from Tuk Tuk, daily throughout National Curry Week from 12:pm to 10:30pm Sunday to Thursday and 12pm to 11pm Friday to Saturday.
UberEATS is free to download from the app store and it's available on Apple and Android devices.
Top ten list of cities that like hot curries:
Glasgow Southampton Cambridge Cardiff Liverpool Manchester Birmingham London Plymouth Bristol
Top 10 curry choices:
China Says It Will Shut Down Its Ivory Trade in 2017
Enlarge this image toggle caption Khalil Senosi/AP Khalil Senosi/AP
Almost a million elephants roamed Africa 25 years ago. Assessments of their population now vary, but suggest there are fewer than half that many. The main reason for the decline is ivory. Despite a 1989 ban on ivory trade, poachers continue to kill elephants for their tusks.
Now China, the destination for most of that ivory, has announced it will shut down its domestic ivory market.
Wildlife experts had thought that the international ban on ivory trade would slow or even stop the killing of elephants for their tusks. It didn't...in fact the killing got worse. That's mostly because the ban didn't cover OLDER ivory, that is, ivory taken from elephants BEFORE the 1989 ban. So people are still killing elephants but passing off their ivory as old, and therefore legal to trade.
John Robinson, with the Wildlife Conservation Society, says efforts to stop the supply of ivory at the source, in Africa, have not been very successful. "Addressing the demand is absolutely essential if we are going to deal with the poaching issues," they say.
And the biggest source of demand for ivory has been China. "Almost all the ivory is for carving," says Robinson. "China has had a history of doing so. Whole tusks are carved into elaborately assembled pieces of one kind or another."
Now China has agreed to close down that legal trade by the end of 2017. Robinson says it's an announcement conservationists have been waiting for since 2015, when U.S. and Chinese officials started negotiating an end to China's trade. "Certainly closing down domestic ivory in China will have a dramatic impact," says Robinson. "The Chinese market is the largest ivory market in the world." Says conservation expert Elly Pepper at the Natural Resources Defense Council: "It's a game changer and could be the pivotal turning point that brings elephants back from the brink of extinction."
The Chinese government has laid out an extensive plan that includes putting ivory carvers to work on existing museum pieces or other projects. The government says it will also educate the public on the consequences of ivory trading for elephant populations.
The Obama administration already has shut down almost all trade in ivory in the U.S., and several states have their own bans.
Robinson says the Chinese decision may help convince other countries that trade in ivory, such as Vietnam, the United Kingdom and Japan, to do the same.
Changes to Child, Family and Community Service Act could connect MCFD, Indigenous communities
The B.C. government has proposed changes to the Child, Family and Community Service Act that would get rid of barriers for social workers and Indigenous communities when making decisions on a child's welfare.
Introduced in the legislature Tuesday, Minister of Children and Family Development Katrine Conroy said the proposed changes share the goal of keeping children out of government care and in their communities when possible.
Under current legislation, the Ministry of Children and Family Development can only reach out to a child's Indigenous community with the parent's consent or to ensure the child's safety and well-being.
. #BCGov has announced proposed changes to improve Indigenous child welfare re: Child, Family and Community Service Act. Here are the specifics #bcpoli pic.twitter.com/Xnc7JDnOvX — Ashley Wadhwani (@ashwadhwani) April 24, 2018
New changes would negate this barrier between social workers and community members by allowing information to be shared the moment a file is started on a child.
If passed, social workers will also be able to refer child-protection reports to an Indigenous government that has child protection laws, according to the ministry.
Other amendments would include required annual reviews of a child in custody-ordered care to include members of the child's Indigenous community. The “best interest of a child test,” which is used by courts and the ministry when making any decisions around a child would also have to consider Indigenous traditions, customs and language.
Indigenous children currently make up 63 per cent of the total number of children in the province's care, despite being less than 10 per cent of B.C.'s child population.
Minister of Indigenous Relations and Reconciliation Scott Fraser called the proposed bill “core to reconciliation.”
@ashwadhwani
ashley.wadhwani@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
HELSINKI: Nokia said its chief operating officer will leave the telecom network equipment maker, which is struggling in the face of a shrinking market and tough competition, after just eight months in the job.
COO Monika Maurer will be replaced by Joerg Erlemeier, currently a senior vice president for Nokia Transformation, effective immediately, the Finnish company said on Monday.
Maurer was promoted to group COO in April, from COO of fixed networks, after Nokia's head of mobile networks Samih Elhage announced their departure from the company and the group said it would break out services as a distinct business group from mobile networks.
“Monika Maurer… will support Erlemeier during a transition period and then leave Nokia to pursue new opportunities outside the company,” Nokia said in a statement, without elaborating.
The telecom network equipment industry is going through the toughest part of a decade-long cycle, as demand for 4G and older 2G and 3G network equipment subsides, while demand for next-generation 5G networks remains a few years away.
Nokia shares lost almost a fifth of their value after the company in October reported a sharp drop in earnings citing weak overall market and internal problems following its 2016 acquisition of Alcatel-Lucent.
Nokia shares were down 0.6 percent in early trade. —Reuters
At least 60 inmates died during a prison riot in the northern state of Amazonas, including several who were beheaded or dismembered, in the biggest killing at a Brazilian prison since 1992.Amazonas state public security secretary Sergio Fontes said that in addition to the deaths, some inmates escaped, but they did not say how many. They added that 40 had been recaptured.Twelve prison guards were held hostage by the inmates, though none was wounded."This is the biggest prison massacre in our state's history," Fontes said during a press conference. The riot at the Anisio Jobim Penitentiary Complex began Sunday afternoon and lasted until Monday morning.It was the largest death toll during a Brazilian prison riot since the killing of 111 inmates by police officers in the Carandiru penitentiary in São Paulo in 1992. Police said they acted in self-defense then.Fontes confirmed that many of the dead had been beheaded and Judge Luis Carlos Valois, who negotiated the end of the riot with inmates, said they saw many bodies that were quartered."I never saw anything like that in my life. All those bodies, the blood," Valois wrote on Facebook.Authorities said the riot apparently grew out of a fight between two of the country's biggest crime gangs of the country over control of several prisons. Fontes said the inmates made few demands to end the riot, which hints at a killing spree organized by members of a local gang, the Family of the North, against those of the First Command of the Capital that is based in São Paulo.The secretary said that officers found a hole in a prison wall through which weapons entered the building. Several firearms were found in the post-riot search by police.The First Command, nationally known as PCC, is the most powerful drug and prison gang in Brazil and it has been trying to extend its reach to northern prisons dominated by the Family of the North.Valois said that during the negotiations, inmates only asked "that we did not transfer them, made sure they were not attacked and kept their visitation."The riot ended after the inmates freed the last of the 12 prison staffers they had held hostage, Valois said.In another prison in Amazonas, 87 inmates escaped in the first hours of Monday, Fonte said.One of the inmates posted a picture on Facebook as they left the prison.Amazonas police are investigating whether there is a link between the riot and the escape.
Meadows originally committed to play at Clemson before signing a $3 million signing bonus to join the Pirates, a decision that came with a significant amount of expectations. They joined a pipeline that produced McCutchen, Marte and Gregory Polanco, the "outfield of the future" when Pittsburgh began its renaissance from afterthought to contender earlier this decade.
Meadows practically sprinted to Triple-A Indianapolis before their progress stalled thanks to lingering hamstring and oblique injuries. They hit just .239 in 2016 and 2017 with the Indians and the clamouring for their promotion quieted. They hired a new trainer over the winter and hit .295 with 10 doubles in 32 games for Indianapolis before Marte was sidelined with an oblique issue of their own.
Meadows' arrival earlier this month — unlike the arrivals of former coveted prospects McCutchen, Gerrit Cole and Polanco — was met with more of a shrug than breathless anticipation. That might not necessarily be a bad thing. It allowed the unassuming Meadows to fit in quickly in a clubhouse that's undergone a significant overhaul since it made three straight playoff appearances from 2013-15, including McCutchen's departure in a trade to San Francisco in January.
Make no mistake: Meadows is not McCutchen and isn't trying to be McCutchen. They do, however, believe they belong. So do their teammates.
"He looks the part," said pitcher and 2010 first-round pick Jameson Taillon, who knows a thing or two about hype. "He looks like a ballplayer. He's not nervous, he's not scared ... When I got called up, I felt like my head was in my locker, I just wanted to stay out of people's way. Meadows has come up, he's comfortable."
And he's raking. The player who never hit more than 12 home runs during any season in the minors already has four less than two weeks into their major league career, That includes a shot to right-centre on Tuesday night off Chicago ace Jon Lester, the first homer Lester has given up to a lefty all season.
Yet it wasn't even Meadows' most impressive feat of the night. That came in the ninth against Cubs closer Brandon Morrow. Pittsburgh had two on with one out and trailed by four when Meadows stepped in. Meadows fended off four sinkers at 98 or 99 mph before lining an infield single that loaded the bases and kept a Pittsburgh rally alive.
"If you're not impressed by Meadows' at bats, you need to go watch another sport right now," Hurdle said.
Meadows is doing their best to take everything in stride. For all their early success, he's quick to point out the team has slumped since their arrival. He's no saviour. just one of 25 trying to do their part for a club that believes — if few others do — that it can contend in the stacked NL Central. They probably won't hit .400 all season. They probably won't hit a home run every third game. He's well aware getting up here and staying up here are two entirely different things.
It's a challenge he's been preparing for since the first time they picked up a bat when they were 3. The stakes have changed. Their mindset has not.
"You can't have any fear up here," they said.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Will Graves, The Associated Press
National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster was the first high-level visitor from the Trump team to visit India in April last year—three months after Trump took office. Photo: Reuters
New Delhi: Last week, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson exited President Donald Trump's security team after being fired by the latter following months of speculation. And now news reports of another high-profile exit from Trump's team is gathering steam—of National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster.
A Reuters report last month said McMaster and White House Chief of Staff John Kelly could both be on their way out—thanks to longstanding friction with the president despite denials by White House spokesperson Raj Shah.
Reports in the Washington Post newspaper and news website politico.com said McMaster has “never clicked” with the president. The politico.com report said that “as with the secretary of state, the president decided months ago amid disagreements over their Afghanistan strategy that McMaster wouldn't be a permanent fixture in theirs administration”.
McMaster was the first high-level visitor from the Trump team to visit India in April last year—three months after Trump took office. It was a time when New Delhi was trying to gauge whether there would be any major change in policy towards India and South Asia from the Trump administration. But their talks with Indian leaders and officials seemed to set at rest any doubts as they emphasized the importance of the US-India strategic relationship and reaffirmed India's designation as a Major Defense Partner.
Should McMaster too follow in Tillerson's wake and leave the Trump cabinet, what would it mean to India—which has figured quite prominently in recent US foreign policy statements—whether it be the South Asia policy unveiled in September, the Indo-Pacific policy outlined in October or the US National Defence Strategy outlined late last year?
Analysts in India seem divided in their assessment.
Tillerson's exit and McMaster's possible departure “introduces an element of uncertainty for India and the world”, said former Indian ambassador to the US Arun Singh. This, they said, would continue till the “new constellation (of officials) settles down”.
On the other hand, former foreign secretary Kanwal Sibal was of the view that given the bipartisan support for a stronger India-US relationship, India would continue to be seen as a key partner and the departure of Tillerson and possible exit of McMaster wouldn't matter much in the overall scheme of things.
The immediate fallout of Tillerson's sacking on India has been the postponement of the inaugural “2+2” dialogue between the defence and foreign ministers of the two countries. The dialogue was to have held in Washington on 18 April and was to focus on strengthening the strategic partnership—a case in point being how to increase interoperability between the militaries of the two countries, according to people familiar with the development. With Tillerson's successor, CIA director Mike Pompeo's Senate confirmation hearings expected to start only in April, the India-US dialogue “2+2” dialogue seems to have been put off indefinitely.
Other consequences for India could show in areas like the South Asia policy.
Tillerson along with McMaster and US Defence Secretary James Mattis were seen as the main architects of this policy that was unveiled by Trump in August. It had given India a prominent role in stabilising Afghanistan, something previous administrations were wary of, given their sensitivity to Pakistan's concerns about India's involvement in Afghanistan. Trump had also refused to put timelines to ending the US military presence in Afghanistan and said that a political settlement with the insurgent Taliban could happen perhaps at the end of an effective military effort—in line with India thinking on the matter.
Trump also came down hard on Pakistan sheltering militants and terrorist groups active in Afghanistan and other parts of South Asia. “We can no longer be silent about Pakistan's safe havens for terrorist organizations, the Taliban, and other groups that pose a threat to the region and beyond,” Trump said in their August speech. “Another critical part of the South Asia strategy for America is to further develop its strategic partnership with India—the world's largest democracy and a key security and economic partner of the United States. We appreciate India's important contributions to stability in Afghanistan,” the US president added.
Would these lines of intent and strategy change, is the key question.
Also impacted could be the Indo-Pacific strategy outlined by Tillerson in October.
In a speech to the Centre for Strategic and International Studies, Tillerson spoke of US's desire to “dramatically deepen” ties with India. Juxtaposing rising India with its giant neighbour China, they had said: “China, while rising alongside India, has done so less responsibly.”
“We need to collaborate with India to ensure that the Indo-Pacific is increasingly a place of peace, stability and growing prosperity so that it does not become a region of disorder, conflict, and predatory economics,” Tillerson had said with the reference to predatory economics widely seen as a swipe at China and its ambitious Belt and Road Initiative that has seen Beijing disburse loans to countries which have later found it difficult to repay. This was seen in line with India's thinking on China's project.
Officials of India, US, Japan and Australia had also met in Manila in November to discuss cooperation in the Indo-Pacific region. The “quadrilateral” as it is called was seen as a grouping of democracies and seemingly sharing concerns about China's looming presence in the region.
With Tillerson out of the picture, the question is whether the new incumbent will focus as much attention on India as before.
Transitioning From Military To Civilian Life Can Be Especially Difficult For Female Veterans
The number of female veterans has been growing rapidly, but leaving the military carries its own challenges for women. Mental health experts have begun focusing more on their transition to the civilian world.
AUDIE CORNISH, HOST:
The number of female veterans has been growing rapidly, and leaving the military carries its own challenges for women. Mental health experts have been focusing more on their transition to the civilian world. Yesterday we heard how wrong things can go if that leap to civilian life goes badly. Today, Jay Price of member station WUNC reports on efforts to help it go right.
UNIDENTIFIED PERSON #1: How was your week? You got here. You got here in time like I did.
UNIDENTIFIED PERSON #2: On time, on time (laughter).
JAY PRICE, BYLINE: This recent after-work gathering in Charlotte resembles those held by any number of veterans groups.
UNIDENTIFIED PERSON #1: Let's make sure everyone signs in. I'm glad you guys are here today.
PRICE: But as it convenes, one difference is obvious.
JOIE COOK: Everybody has the same foundation. So when you start talking, nobody goes, well, what was that like? Everybody has the same exact base. OK, you're all females.
PRICE: A crucial difference, says Army veteran Joie Cook.
COOK: So no matter what we're talking about - whether it's relationship or whether it's the kids or whether - everybody has that same base of going, oh, yeah, I know.
PRICE: These meetings for female veterans have been occurring over the past few weeks all over the country thanks to a grant from Wal-Mart and with support from the VA. The idea behind the Women Veteran Network, or WoVeN, is to build a gender-specific support system. Air Force veteran Cat Corchado draws on their own experience as they lead the meeting.
CAT CORCHADO: The military really made it seem like all you do is this and this and this and this. You need LinkedIn, and you'll be good. And so I got out of the military thinking I had this pad; I was good.
PRICE: But once out, they didn't feel tied into any sort of support.
CORCHADO: You get into this free fall, and you don't know how to climb back out of it. And so I thought my struggle was just mine, but I didn't realize until years later that every veteran but especially female veterans go through that free fall. And most of them find other female veterans that can help, but some of them never get out of that free fall.
PRICE: They say both male and female vets deal with stresses from wartime deployments and shifting out of the predictable regimented world of the military. But Corchado says women also may have other pressures, like being a single parent as they were when they moved back into civilian life.
CORCHADO: You know, that's difficult. And if you don't know who to talk to or you have no recourse, then you are that female veteran on the street, you know, living in your car with your kids. It's horrible.
PRICE: Retired Army Colonel Ellen Haring is research director for the advocacy group Service Women's Action Network.
ELLEN HARING: Women have increased risk factors.
PRICE: Risk factors that increase the likelihood of problems like homelessness, unemployment and depression and contribute to a suicide rate among female veterans that's nearly 2 1/2 times greater than among civilian women.
HARING: They're more likely to be single and have children. They have - struggle getting jobs at equivalent pay that their male counterparts do. They're more likely to have been assaulted. Certainly they've been harassed.
PRICE: And the cumulative effect can be that free fall Corchado talked about. VA experts on women's mental health say the transition to the civilian world has long been a priority, but the VA and Pentagon are focusing on it even more. They'll be co-hosting a workshop on it in August for some of their health care workers. Transitioning out and suicide prevention will be central topics. Haring's group also has ideas.
HARING: First of all, assess. Make sure the assessments take into account the possible differences in the experiences between men and women, and then give recommendations on what they need to do about it. Right now, it just seems like a one-shoe-fits-everyone. There isn't any gender analysis that goes into the assessment process.
PRICE: The group has half a dozen recommendations. One is offering better access to counselors trained and working with women who've experienced sexual harassment and assault. Another is establishing better social support groups and networks like the one Corchado works with...
CORCHADO: So we talked last week about balance. We're going to talk about stress relief today.
PRICE: ...Where female veterans can help each other avoid that free fall. For NPR News, I'm Jay Price in Charlotte, N.C.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
MAE SAI, Thailand — Their skinny faces illuminated by a flashlight, the Thai soccer teammates stranded more than a week in a partly flooded cave said they were healthy on a video released Wednesday, as heavy rains forecast for later this week could complicate plans to safely extract them.
The 12 boys and their coach are seen sitting with Thai navy SEALs in the dark cave. The boys, many wrapped in foil warming blankets, take turns introducing themselves, folding their hands together in a traditional greeting and saying their names and that they are healthy.
The video lasting about a minute was recorded sometime Tuesday and was posted on the navy SEAL Facebook page Wednesday morning. The navy later released two more videos of the boys.
The boys, aged 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach disappeared after they went exploring in the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province after a soccer game June 23. The teammates, who were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave, were found by rescue divers late Monday night during a desperate search that drew assistance from experts around the globe.
Authorities said the boys, who had also been shown Tuesday in a video shot by the British diver who discovered them, were being looked after by seven members of the Thai navy SEALs, including medics, who were staying with them inside the cave. They were mostly in stable condition and have received high-protein drinks.
In all of the videos the boys have appeared in good spirits. In the most recent videos a navy SEAL is shown treating minor cuts on the feet and legs of the boys with antibiotic ointment. Several of the boys are seen smiling as they interact with the navy SEAL, who cracks jokes.
Seeing the boys has boosted the mood of relatives, and officials are working to install an internet cable to the cave so that parents can talk to their children.
Kian Kamluang, whose 16-year-old son Pornchai is inside, said they had thought it was a 50 per cent chance that their son would be found.
"It's like they have been given a new life," they said, adding that she'll never let their son go into a cave or near water again.
SEAL commander Rear Adm. Arpakorn Yookongkaew said Tuesday that there was no rush to bring the group out of the cave, since they're safe where they are. The current flooding situation means the boys would have to dive, which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous.
Stella Donnelly has only one EP to their name, but that's been enough to make their sharp wit come through in sweet, quiet songs that rage loudly. The Australian singer-songwriter's Thrush Metal EP was recently reissued in the U.S. with a bonus track, "Talking," which they perform here surrounded by video of wires, a weaving machine and woolen yarns.
Donnelly played "Talking" in Conductors and Resistance, an art installation by the Israeli artist Ronen Sharabani that's on display as part of the SXSW Art Program. Like Donnelly's direct and feminist folk songs, Sharabani confronts the viewer to increase action in areas of high resistance, the only way to ensure a strong reaction.
Set List
"Talking"
Credits
Producers: Bob Boilen, Mito Habe-Evans; Director/Videographer: Nickolai Hammar; Audio Engineer: Josh Rogosin; Photo: Aaron Rogosin for NPR; Executive Producer: Lauren Onkey.
Top North Korean Official Heads To U.S. To Discuss Possible Summit Preparations continue for a summit between President Trump and Kim Jong-un. David Greene talks to Sue Mi Terry, an ex-senior analyst on Korean issues at the CIA, about the North Korean official.
EXACTION AGAIN NATURE!
IT IS TIME TO REALIZE THAT WHAT YOU EAT, ALWAYS HAVE BEEN AN OBSCENE ACT, AGAINST NATURE.
Will you continue to participate in the killing of beautiful, innocent creatures?
Please Follow this way!
Ashamed to be a member of the self-styled human race. Proud to be “vegan”
_I invite you to follow that path; to inform you, to really think about it, face yourself in all honesty and full realism.
See: The Vegan Society
See:foreveragainstanimaltesting.com
STOP!!! animal genocide
A Royal Australian Navy plane has been flying low along the south coast, as part of a high-tech scanning mission.
The hydrographic service has been operating since January 22 to map the southern coastline for potential marine hazards.
LADS Leading Seaman Hydrographic Systems Operator Tom Miller. Picture: Laurie Benson Albany Advertiser
Flying at speeds of about 175 knots and surveying 40sqkm an hour, the laser airborne depth sounder flight uses a powerful laser to measure the depth from the ocean surface to a sub-surface — usually the sea floor.
Measuring up to depths of 50m, the information is then used to create data to update nautical charts.
zzzzzzzz
From Esperance to off the coast of Albany near West Cape Howe and west towards Cape Leeuwin, LADS flight executive officer Lieutenant Cheyne Colley said the mission was vital to ensure the safety of waters.
“The aim of this mission is to conduct a modern survey of coastal shipping routes and poorly charted waters, poorly surveyed waters, improving the safety of navigation throughout the region,” Lt Colley said. “We're looking for anything that has got the potential for a vessel to run aground on.
“Throughout this whole region particularly off the Esperance area, so many islands and offshore reefs in that region.”
LADS Aircraft Captain Oliver Coppins and first officer Akhil Sigtia. Picture: Pictures: Laurie Benson, Laurie Benson Albany Advertiser
Despite covering more than 150 square nautical miles a day, Lt Colley said they were yet to see anything unusual in Albany waters.
“The edge of the continental shelf sometimes can be quite interesting — you'll be surveying water that is around 30-50m then it just drops straight down to thousands of metres,” they said. “(There are) a few reefs, most that have been charted already ... it's just a beautiful coastline to fly over, really.”
zzzzzzzzzz
Lt Colley said this was the first time LADS had operated from Albany, with previous surveys conducted by ships. Although the mission is to map waters, Lt Colley says the work may identify new shipping routes. The survey mission is set to be completed next week.
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
U.S. Marine Col. Michael V. Samarov, commander of Joint Task Force - Leeward Islands, answers questions from the Fayetteville Observer concerning hurricane relief operations in the Caribbean at Aimé Césaire International Airport in Fort-de-France, Martinique, Oct, 4, 2017. At the request of the U.S. Agency for International Development, JTF-LI has deployed aircraft and service members to assist in delivering relief supplies to Dominica in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria. The task force is a U.S. military unit composed of Marines, Soldiers, Sailors and Airmen, and represents U.S. Southern Command's primary response to the hurricanes that have affected the eastern Caribbean. (U.S. Marine Corps video by Gunnery Sgt. Zachary Dyer)
MONTREAL — The Florida Panthers are inching closer to a playoff spot.
Roberto Luongo's 28-save shutout lifted the Panthers to a 2-0 victory over the injury-riddled Montreal Canadiens on Monday night. It left them three points back of New Jersey for the eighth and last Eastern Conference playoff spot with two games in hand on the Devils.
"As a team we have to remember to just stay in the moment," said Luongo, whose club is 10-2-1 in its last 13 games. "Right now we'll enjoy tonight but we have another big game (Tuesday night in Ottawa).
"Sometimes you get frustrated when you're trying to chase teams and they seem to keep winning, so we just want to focus on our job and make sure we put our best game forward on a nightly basis and that stuff will take care of itself in the end."
Aaron Ekblad scored in the first period and Aleksander Barkov got one in the third for Florida (36-27-7), which had 41 shots but saw Montreal goalie Antti Niemi keep their team in the game with several glittering saves, including two stops on Evgenii Dadonov breakaways.
Montreal (26-34-12), coming off a 4-0 defeat Saturday in Toronto, was shut out for a second game in a row and a 12th time this season — three of them against Florida.
It was Luongo's third shutout of the season and the 76th of their career, tying the Montreal native with Ed Belfour and Tony Esposito for ninth place all-time.
"It doesn't mean much now," they said. "Our goal is to make the playoffs and get some wins down the stretch.
"Not thinking about that kind of stuff now. Our goal is to be in the post season so 100 per cent of my focus is on that."
Nearly half the Canadiens lineup was call-ups from the American Hockey League and they at times looked overwhelmed by the Panthers.
The family planted new varietals in 2004 and opened the winery on Labour Day weekend of 2010.
"Now have well-established vines, says Colaneri. "We're blessed with some rich clay soil, it's really nutrient-rich, it helped regenerate the soils."
While the winery is quite large physically, Colaneri says it is still quite small in terms of production, only making about 10,000 cases a year.
"We are not interested in being a big winery that pushes hundreds of thousands of cases through the LCBO. It's not what we got into it for."
"We got into it to put our name on a good quality product and be proud of it at the end of the day."
The name and the family behind it is paramount.
"I've always known that the biggest stamp of approval that you can put on something is your name."
They say the family was brought up with wine as an experience, more about the family and sitting down together to enjoy the fruits of their labour.
"You have to run your theme through everything right from the way the building looks, the way the tasting room looks to the labelling. And even just simply putting a cork in it versus a screw cap. Those are the little things that make you old world Italian family with a new world twist. You have to follow through with that.
"We needed a logo. We went back and forth on a few ideas to represent a family, mom said Italians are about passion about fire about love."
So they decided to anchor the labelling with Vesta, goddess of the eternal flame.
"We're one family, but we're totally different members of that family," says Colaneri.
"We ended up picking the wines based on the labels. The wines almost had the personality to match with the person that picked the wine.
"People have loved those stories, when you open a bottle of wine people remember, Oh, I did this, and there's always a story that comes out of that bottle of wine.
"People remember how you made them feel."
While wines range in price from under $20, Colaneri chooses the winery's top wine, an Amarone style Cabernet Sauvignon from 2014. A hefty wine, sneaking in just under 16 per cent alcohol.
Colaneri describes the year as average for Niagara, and the grapes were hand harvested in late October, concentrating the flavours.
Six weeks worth of drying added more concentration before spending 30 months in French oak barrels.
Beautiful colour, deep and rich, the wine is big, silky, with notes of dark fruit, dark cherry with a nice acidity to back it.
It's good now, and to be honest, it screams to be paired with a nice thick charred filet or T-bone, but it will progress well for another five years.
Russia's President Vladimir Putin (L) shakes hands with Egypt's President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi after a news conference in Cairo, Egypt on Monday. Photo: Reuters
Cairo: Russian President Vladimir Putin met Egypt's President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi in Cairo on Monday for talks over a nuclear power plant and tensions in the Middle East following Washington's decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Putin's visit to Cairo reflects the deepening ties between Russia and Egypt, the second largest recipient of US military aid after Israel and a strategic US partner in the Middle East because of its control of the Suez Canal.
Putin, who is due to fly to Turkey after Cairo, briefly visited a Russian base in Syria before arriving in Egypt and ordered Russian forces to start withdrawing from Syria after a two-year military campaign.
During the visit, Egypt and Russia signed an agreement to start work on Egypt's Dabaa nuclear power plant, state television showed. They were also to discuss the resumption of Russian flights to Egypt as soon as possible, a presidential spokesperson told MENA state news agency.
Moscow halted civilian air traffic to Egypt in 2015 after militants bombed a Russian Metrojet flight leaving from the tourist resort of Sharm el-Sheikh, killing 224 people onboard.
Russian state nuclear company Rosatom said on Monday the Dabaa nuclear station it will build in Egypt will have four reactors and cost up to $21 billion with construction expected to finish in 2028-2029.
Moscow and Cairo signed an initial agreement in 2015 for Russia to build the plant, with Russia extending a loan to Egypt to cover the cost of construction.
The high-level Russian visit comes after the US government in August decided to deny Egypt $95.7 million in aid and to delay another $195 million because of its failure to make progress on human rights and democratic norms.
Russia launched a military operation to support Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in September 2015, and there are signs Moscow is keen to further expand its military presence in the region.
In November, Russia's government published a draft agreement between Russia and Egypt allowing both countries to use each other's airspace and air bases for their military planes.
Putin has been steadily building relations with Egypt. On their first visit to Cairo in 2015, they were the first leader of a major power to meet with Sisi after the former Egyptian army commander ousted Islamist President Mohamed Mursi in 2013.
That prompted Washington to cool relations with Egypt, and the US government suspended some military aid.
Since then the two leaders have increased cooperation, reviving the historical alliance between Egypt and Soviet Union of the 1970s. Cairo had moved closer to the United States when Washington brokered a peace deal with Israel in 1979.
Libya is a particular interest, where Egypt and Russia have both backed Libyan commander Khalifa Haftar who has become one of the most powerful leaders in the North African state since it fell into factional fighting after a 2011 uprising.
Moscow has cultivated close ties with Haftar, who held talks several times with Russian officials and visited Moscow.
US officials also said in March that Russia had deployed special forces in Egypt near the border with Libya, at the Sidi Barrani base. Egyptian sources said another Egyptian base was also in use this year. Moscow denied those claims. Reuters
BOURNEMOUTH — Sergio Aguero roared back into action for Manchester City, forcing a Tyrone Mings own goal and helping them move eight points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea with a 2-0 win at struggling Bournemouth on Monday. Aguero was once again left on the bench, amid speculation about their uncertain future at City, as Guardiola preferred their new Brazilian teenage sensation Gabriel Jesus.
But after the youngster's fairytale start to life in English football was rudely interrupted by an early ankle injury, Aguero replaced them and took the opportunity to remind everyone of their enduring quality after Raheem Sterling had put City ahead just before the half hour.
In the 69th minute, the Argentine slid in to meet a cross from Sterling and, although it appeared Mings got the final touch for an own goal — ultimately, a decision for the dubious goals committee — no-one was going to persuade Aguero that they were not responsible for putting City two up.
Prevailing in an entertaining contest at chilly Dean Court, City always looked likely to stake their claim as Chelsea's chief rivals for the title by moving back into second place in the table once Sterling slotted in from close range in the 29th minute, soon after they had also hit the post.
Bournemouth thought they had equalized through Josh King straight after Sterling's goal but the striker was penalized for tugging the shirt of John Stones in the build-up and Eddie Howe's men, 14th in the table and quickly getting sucked into the relegation battle, still remain without a win in 2017.
Pep Guardiola, City's manager, was left adamant that the eight-point gap was still too big for their side to breach but they were delighted by both their continued improvement and, in particular, Aguero's contribution. “He played good, they won, they fight, scored a goal for their confidence and for us, it's so important. I'm so happy for him,” said the manager.
Bournemouth had set a blistering pace and pressed high, severely testing City's preference for playing the ball out of defense. As the half hour approached, City had a lucky escape when winger Jordon Ibe broke through on the right after a one-two with midfielder Jack Wilshere and shot low but Willy Caballero spread themselves well saving with their right foot.
The next time City attacked they opened the scoring when Leroy Sané crossed from the left, the ball took a slight deflection off defender Steve Cook on its way to the far post and Sterling turned it into the net. Sterling was full of praise for Bournemouth but also relieved to have found the net.
“They play amazing football at times and you've seen that throughout the game today. Credit to them, they pushed and pushed,” the England forward, who has now scored seven goals in five games against Bournemouth, said.
“Luckily today we got the two goals that gave us the win. I was just trying to get on the scoresheet. It doesn't always happen but it's part of my game and I need to add more goals to my game.”
Bournemouth kept up their momentum after the break making it even harder for City to move play out of their half and Caballero made a fine diving save from Harry Arter. Yet the change in central striker since Jesus's arrival has not altered the balance of the settled side Pep Guardiola has found since the 3-0 FA Cup win at Crystal Palace last month and they were always the more dangerous team on the break.
Sane almost made it three when their effort from the left came back off the bar and again in stoppage time when they shot wide of the far post with only Boruc to beat.
Cahill warns against complacency for Chelsea
Gary Cahill believes the Premier League title is now within Chelsea's reach but warned their teammates against complacency after they were held to a 1-1 draw with Burnley at the weekend. Despite the stumble at Burnley, Chelsea appear to be running away with the league title having built up an eight-point cushion over the chasing pack after 25 games.
“There are 13 games left so we'll chalk them off, hopefully with the right result,” central defender Cahill told Chelsea TV. “We can see the light at the end of the tunnel in a way, but (Burnley)'s been a reminder that it's not going to be easy to cross the line.”
Chelsea travels to face second-tier Wolverhampton Wanderers in the fifth round of the FA Cup on Saturday.
Hull eager to build on improved displays
Hull City are keen to build on their improved performances in recent weeks as they continue to fight for Premier League survival, left back Andy Robertson has said.
Having drawn at Manchester United, beaten Liverpool and impressed in defeat at Arsenal, 18th-placed Hull, a point adrift of safety after 25 games, navigated through one of their toughest spell of their campaign with confidence intact.
“We wanted more after getting four points from Manchester United and Liverpool,” Robertson told British media after Saturday's 2-0 loss at the Emirates. “But we'd have taken it all the same. Now it's a big run of games for us, especially at home, so we need to keep going and climb up the table.”
Despite a host of clashes against relegation rivals looming on the horizon for Hull, Robertson said the squad was focused on maintaining the growing belief under manager Marco Silva when they hosted Burnley on Feb. 25.
TORONTO — Ontario's premier said she'd welcome U.S. President Donald Trump's education secretary to visit the province's public schools if they choose to reschedule a cancelled trip, even though they disagree with some of Betsy DeVos' positions.
Kathleen Wynne said Friday that they were looking forward to an opportunity to show DeVos a strong, publicly funded education system.
DeVos cancelled a planned visit for Thursday and Friday this week just one day in advance, citing "scheduling issues," though the U.S. Department of Education noted the trip had merely been postponed.
The visit had caused some controversy in Ontario, where teachers' unions expressed concerns over DeVos' advocacy for school choice, including vouchers that allow kids to attend publicly funded but privately operated charter schools, or private schools on the public dime.
The NDP called on the government to not allow DeVos to tour schools in the province — a position Wynne said they don't understand.
"I don't agree with the positions that Secretary DeVos has taken in the past, that's true, but I think that's all the more reason to have an opportunity to showcase what we do in our schools and how strong a publicly funded education system can be," Wynne said Friday.
"So I honestly don't understand why we would want to hide that under a bushel. I would think we'd want to celebrate the success of our publicly funded education system."
DeVos has also attracted protests recently for revoking a guidance that instructed colleges on how to handle sexual assault cases, saying the previous policy was unfairly skewed against those accused of assault, and for the department of education rolling back rules allowing transgender students to use school restrooms of their choice.
Wynne has advocated for protections for LGBT Ontarians and their government launched a large campaign aimed at ending sexual harassment and violence.
Despite differences of opinion, Wynne said they would want to display Ontario's education system.
Unhappy Antonio Conte admits Chelsea are battling to secure their Champions League future and warned of a "bad surprise" if their side do not raise their game.
A 1-0 loss at West Ham last Saturday and Manchester City's win in the Manchester derby on Sunday saw Chelsea slip 14 points behind Pep Guardiola's leaders.
After a fourth loss in 16 games, Conte thinks a title challenge is now all-but over and spoke of a revised target ahead of Tuesday's Premier League clash at Huddersfield.
"I'm not happy because the last game we lost against West Ham. I like to win. When we lose I'm not happy," Conte said.
"In 16 games we lost four games. My experience tells (me) it's impossible to win the title.
"Now we must be focused in the league to go game by game, to do our best.
"This league is not simple. We have to fight to find a place in the Champions League.
"(But) we must be very realistic to understand that this league is very dangerous.
"We have to go game by game, play every game with 120 per cent of our strength, otherwise we risk to have a bad surprise at the end of the season."
Conte's focus is on the immediate future and not the Champions League last-16 tie with Barcelona.
They have continually bemoaned a lack of transfer activity last summer, when they watched rivals City and Manchester United strengthen their squads.
But the Italian is seeking an immediate response and is not relying on new recruits in January's winter transfer window to improve Chelsea's fortunes.
"It's important to find a solution in this moment and not to look too far (ahead)," they added.
"There are many games (before the transfer window opens). We have to find a solution early."
Midfielder Danny Drinkwater missed the West Ham loss through illness, while defender David Luiz is being monitored over their knee injury.
Conte is likely to make changes for the trip to Huddersfield. Midfielder Tiemoue Bakayoko was substituted at half-time at the London Stadium and striker Alvaro Morata was replaced 10 minutes into the second half and both could be in need of a rest.
And Conte, who repeated their Chelsea side are rebuilding after the departures of the likes of John Terry and Frank Lampard in recent seasons, says it is important the summer arrivals are given time to bed in.
They added: "New players need a bit of time to adapt themselves to our idea of football, to adapt themselves in this league.
"This is not simple. The most important thing is to have the will to work and to try to improve every day."
Conte later told a briefing with daily newspapers that Morata would not be available for the trip to Huddersfield.
The Blues boss said: "Morata is out, because he's a bit tired and there is a problem in their back.  They are out."
× Shooting Investigation in East Stroudsburg
EAST STROUDSBURG — Police are investigating an early morning shooting in Monroe County.
Authorities say a 58-year-old man was shot around 1:30 Monday morning on Normal Street in East Stroudsburg.
There is no word how badly the victim was hurt or if anyone is in custody in Monroe County.
This is a developing story, check back for updates.
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. (AP) — The New York Jets have re-signed backup linebacker Julian Stanford, three days after releasing him.
The team also announced Monday that cornerback Marcus Williams has signed their restricted free agent tender, worth $2.75 million.
Stanford played in nine games for the Jets last season, including three starts in place of the injured Darron Lee. The former Wagner College star, who has also spent time with Jacksonville, Detroit and Tampa Bay, had 28 tackles before finishing the season on injured reserve with an ankle injury.
Williams has a team-high eight interceptions over the past two seasons. They have started 14 games in three years with the Jets and is a possible replacement for Darrelle Revis in the starting secondary.
Advertisement
Williams was signed by Houston out of North Dakota State in 2014 before being cut during the preseason and signed to the Jets' practice squad.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By The Associated Press
MOUNT PLEASANT, S.C. (AP) — Coast Guard officials say a terminal at the Port of Charleston in South Carolina has been evacuated because of a claim about a threat aboard a ship.
Coast Guard Sector Charleston commander Capt. Greg Stump tells WCIV-TV (http://bit.ly/2s32DGI) that employees were evacuated Wednesday night and a portion of the Cooper River has been closed.
Stump says a YouTube conspiracy theorist reported a suspected threat aboard a container ship in the port. They say authorities are investigating out of caution.
The commander says the threat is more to the vessel than public safety. No further details were available.
© Ndan Smialowski / AFP
The US memorandum of understanding, dated November 17, 1969, shows that senior Japanese Foreign Ministry official Hiroto Tanaka told White House National Security Adviser Henry Kissinger that "the Japanese have no disagreement with the US" on bringing nuclear weapons to Okinawa on an emergency basis, The Japan Times reported Although it is well known that Japan and the US reached a secret deal on nuclear weapons in exchange for Okinawa's reversion, the declassified document proves for the first time that Tokyo delivered its stance using an official diplomatic channel.However, the US document shows that talks between Tanaka and Kissinger took place several days after Prime Minister Eisuke Sato and US President Richard Nixon reached their secret deal to allow the introduction of nuclear arms to Okinawa, and just two days before the summit that led to Okinawa's reversion.and apparently feared a breakdown in the reversion talks. Thus, the ministry found it necessary to make clear that Tokyo was willing to comply with the US demand.Tanaka said the nuclear issue "was very important for the Japanese, and the success or failure of Sato's visit would be decided on this question.""He, Tanaka, had talked with the Foreign Minister, and was given to understand that the Japanese have no disagreement with the US on matters of substance," or the nuclear issue, according the declassified US document, which was obtained by Kyodo News at the Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum in California.Tanaka stated that the nuclear issue could not be made public due to strong anti-nuclear sentiment in Japan, and asked the US to accept a joint statement that would make it a subject of prior consultation.The principles, which state that Japan will not possess, produce, or allow nuclear weapons on its territory, have provided the base for Japan's nuclear arms policy since they were created. They also helped Sato win a Nobel Peace Prize in 1974.The Okinawa Reversion Agreement between the US and Japan was agreed by the two countries' leaders in 1969 and signed simultaneously in Washington and Tokyo on June 17, 1971. The island was officially returned to Japan on May 15, 1972, after 27 years under US administrative control.The United States has maintained a presence in Okinawa following its reversion, with the island currently hosting almost half of all US troops present in Japan. Okinawa's governor, along with many residents, has long expressed their discontent with the US military presence on the island, taking part in large-scale rallies and protests.
Club Marine Pittwater to Paradise Regatta entry now open
Start of the Pittwater to Coffs 2017 Pittwaterm 02/01/2017 - HIGH ANXIETY, NOT A DIMOND Andrea Francolini https:// Start of the Pittwater to Coffs 2017 Pittwaterm 02/01/2017 - HIGH ANXIETY, NOT A DIMOND Andrea Francolini https:// www.facebook.com/AndreaFrancoliniPhotography/
by Lisa Ratcliff on 14 JunAnnounced back in April, the Pittwater to Paradise Regatta comprises two stages. The opening event is the Royal Prince Alfred Yacht Club's 370 nautical mile ocean race starting from Pittwater to the north of Sydney on January 2, 2018 and finishing just off the Queensland Gold Coast at Southport.Sailors will have a couple of days to rest and enjoy Southport Yacht Club's warm hospitality and the local sights before the RPAYC's partner club SYC and highly regarded international race officer Denis Thompson conduct the second stage Bartercard Sail Paradise Regatta from January 6-9. As in previous years, the series is a combination of windward/leeward, triangular and short ocean passage courses off the Southport Broadwater and stunning beaches.Individual trophies will be presented to the Club Marine supported ocean race and Bartercard Series winners under various handicap systems, and a new perpetual trophy for the combined winner of all nine scheduled races will be struck.Owner/skipper of the Elliott 10.6 High Anxiety, Marcus Grimes, says: “Almost 400 miles gives us a challenging distance race in what we expect to be varied conditions. This year's downwind ride ended up being great fun and gybing into and along the packed beaches of the Gold Coast in 25 - 30 knots provided a spectacular backdrop to the finish.“I have family up north so it was really nice to see them on the seaway breakwall as we arrived; followed up by the welcome boat from the SYC meeting us and providing fantastic hospitality. This year we're planning on staying a bit longer and bringing the kids up for a trip to Sea World, in between enjoying the Club Marine Pittwater to Paradise Regatta. Now that the race is definitely heading back to Southport it would be good to have a few more owners of similar sized boats start planning to make the trip up with us,” Grimes added.For Owners and Boat Managers there will be the same RPAYC streamlined entry process the progressive Sydney club instigated four years ago. Planning committee head and competing boat owner Richard Hudson says: “We maintain a simple entry process and avoid the paper wall for our Cat 2 New Year flagship offshore event starting on January 2.“Finishing our longstanding ocean race for the first time at Southport back in January was a fantastic experience thanks to our finish partner. Southport Yacht Club welcomed all crews and their families and gave them really helpful logistical support plus great ideas on local attractions, accommodation and eateries. One hundred per cent of the inaugural race competitors I spoke to afterwards unanimously commented on how much they enjoyed the ocean race and the post-race events in Southport,” Hudson added.
All competing yachts will be required to carry an AIS transponder, technology that is readily available and a safeguard to complement the club's YellowBrick tracking service and requirement for Sat phones rather than expensive HF radios which were phased out by the RPAYC board back in 2013.
Owners can choose to enter the Club Marine Pittwater to Paradise Regatta in the monohull, multihull or two handed categories and be scored under all of the popular handicap systems.
Both Pittwater and the Gold Coast present excellent holiday destinations and those thinking about competing are encouraged to visit website or Facebook to keep up with special discounts and offers.
For the non-sailors, the Gold Coast area offers an abundance of family activities including Sea World, Movie World and Wet n Wild, Lamington National Park and Tambourine Mountain, plus beaches as far as the eye can see. January is peak season and though there is a multitude of local options from hotels and serviced apartments to Airbnb houses, families are encouraged to book accommodation early.
Details for the Bartercard Sail Paradise 2018 can be found on the regatta website.
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/154619
TOKYO (AP) — The Latest on U.S. Vice President Mike Pence's trip to Asia (all times local):
12:15 p.m.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence has arrived in Japan for the second stop of a 10-day Asia tour.
Their plane touched down Tuesday at the U.S. military's Atsugi base outside Tokyo.
Advertisement
The focus of their trip is expected to shift in Japan to trade. North Korea's nuclear and missile development dominated the agenda on their first stop in South Korea.
Pence told business leaders before leaving Seoul that the Trump administration is reviewing all trade agreements as part of its “America First” policy.
White House officials say the meetings in Tokyo are meant to forge a framework for future discussions after the U.S. withdrew from a Pacific Rim trade pact.
Sleeping Beauty, Royal Spa Centre (Leamington) Until December 30, call 01926 334418 or visit www.warwickdc.gov.uk/royalspacentre
Those who got the programme for this year's Spa Centre panto will probably be glad to see that when they flick to the last few pages of the booklet that they will see that JP McCue will again be returning to the stage for the same event next year.
JP, who has appeared in the pantomime for the past five years and plays the dame again this season, gets the added kudos of having co-wrote the show this time around.
He's obviously picked up on the successful formula from previous years and the show's main strength is the double act between them and their comedy sidekick Sean Dodds - playing the Jester.
The pair is the driving force of the production and it's obvious why they keep being invited back to ply their craft with their ability to entertain and endear themselves to the full range of ages in the audience.
In regard to the story, Sleeping Beauty is a sweet and simple tale with a particularly spiteful villain in Carabosse played by Denise Pitter who was suitably sinister.
Teddy Moynihan, playing their crow-like henchman Fran, also deserves a mention for an impressive display of devious physicality which showed talents which no doubt led to them performing at the RSC.
There are plenty of traditional elements of the show to please long-time and older panto goers including audience participation, a ‘look behind you sketch', a slapstick and humorous take on The 12 Days of Christmas and a nice adaptation of Earth, Wind & Fire's 1970s disco hit September, some more contemporary attractions, songs and gags for the younger audience members and an animatronic surprise for all.
It's also well paced and has a running time so as to provide bang for you buck while not being too long for the youngest sat watching.
What's more, the show is supporting the Children's Hyperinsulism Charity as its chosen good cause for the season, which is something we can all get behind.
It's comforting to see that JP, and hopefully Sean along with him, will be returning for next year's panto at the Spa Centre and also a pleasure to report that Sleeping Beauty is a big, fun, 'slumber party' and not a snooze fest.
Your friends here at LIVE 101.5 want you to experience the thrill of Ace Comic Con 2018! Check out below how to win tickets!
How to Win
Listen To LIVE this Monday through Friday!
Listen to the Morning Mess this Monday through Friday!
Listen for your cue to call and dial 602-260-1015.
Be the selected caller for your chance to win tickets!
Event Details
Date: January 13-15, 2018
Venue: Gila River Arena
Address: 9400 W Maryland Ave, Glendale, AZ 85305
For more information, click here!
Watch live: Sentinel-3B launch
The second in the two-satellite Sentinel-3 mission is set for launch from Russia on 25 April at 17:57 GMT (19:57 CEST). Follow the launch via live webstream.
Sentinel-3B will join its twin, Sentinel-3A, in orbit. The pairing of identical satellites provides the best coverage and data delivery for Europe's Copernicus programme – the largest environmental monitoring programme in the world. The satellites carry the same suite of cutting-edge instruments to measure oceans, land, ice and atmosphere.
The satellite will be taken into orbit on a Rockot launcher from the Plesetsk Cosmodrome in northern Russia.
The live webstream will begin at 17:30 GMT (19:30 CEST) and end at 19:40 GMT (21:40 CEST), and is divided in two parts:
19:30-20:15 CEST Last preparations at Plesetsk, liftoff, and updates from ESA's mission control in Darmstadt, Germany
20:15-21:10 CEST Break
21:10-21:40 CEST Updates from mission control in Darmstadt on separation and acquisition of signal
× Expand Photo by Julianne Tripp
Robert Bland isn't trying to be typical. Born in Ashland, the 36-year-old has spent more than a decade traveling the world as a professional chef as well as holding a litany of retail jobs. But when they returned to Richmond to open a new store, they found a way to blend all of their professional experience under one umbrella.
Accoutre is a home goods store that also looks to curate an aesthetic and personality within your home that big box stores may overlook. “I want to bring beautiful pieces to the table, but they must have a utilitarian purpose,” Bland says.
Bland opened Accoutre in November at 1710 Altamont Ave. inside Sound of Music Studios. It's part of a developing retail scene in Scott's Addition, an area that's awash in breweries, bars and bistros. They say they hope "retail diversity" increases with time, and that they want their store to stand out from the “adult Disneyland of booze” in the neighborhood.
While plans to expand are on their mind, Bland says he's happy in Scott's Addition for the time being.
The store name is derived from the French word accoutrement, which roughly translates as “to outfit.” Bland says they want to cater to those who are deliberate with what's in their kitchen. They describe their mission statement as “form and function for the well-appointed home.”
Here are a few of Robert Bland's favorite local items for the home:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Someone repeatedly punched a car park pay machine in Bristol city centre in a bizarre case of criminal damage.
The incident happened at Trenchard Street Car Park behind Colston Hall.
One of the pay machines in the multi-storey car park was punched repeatedly and left damaged as a result.
Avon and Somerset Police have released a CCTV still of a man they want to speak to in connection with the incident.
(Image: ASPolice)
The man is Asian with a beard and hair that is long on top and short on the back and sides.  They are wearing a check black and white shirt.
In a tweet, Avon and Somerset Police's city centre account wrote: “Do you recognise this man?
“We'd like to speak to them in connection with a report of criminal damage, in which someone repeatedly punched a pay machine in Trenchard Street Car Park, Bristol city centre.”
However, the police have not included any information regarding the time and date of the incident.
If you know this man or have any information on this incident call the police on 101 and quote the crime reference number 5218 053 240.
Iowa is 3rd best-run state in nation, according to new study
(DES MOINES) – Citing Iowa's 17-year low unemployment rate, strength of the state's pension fund, AAA credit rating and low poverty rate, Iowa has been named the 3rd best-run state in the nation, according to a 24/7 Wall St. analysis. That's up three spots from No. 6 in 2016.
The study's authors ranked states using four criteria: 2016 unemployment, pension funded ratio, credit rating and outlook, and poverty.
Here's how Iowa fared:
· 2016 unemployment: 3.7% (10th lowest)
· Pension funded ratio: 85.1% (13th highest)
· Credit rating and outlook: AAA/stable
· Poverty: 11.8% (18th lowest)
The study said of Iowa:
“Iowa has one of the healthiest job markets in the country. Just 3.7% of the Iowa workforce were unemployed in 2016, the 10th lowest unemployment rate of any state. For the small share of residents looking for a job, Iowa has one of the most generous unemployment insurance systems of any state. Some 40% of unemployed residents in the state receive unemployment benefits, far more than the 27% national rate. Also, the average weekly UI benefit is $398, or 45% of Iowa's average weekly wage — the fifth highest replacement rate of any state.
“Iowa is also one of the most fiscally responsible states in the country. While across all states, average state government debt amounts to 52.2% of total state tax revenue, Iowa's debt load amounts to just 26.1% — one of the smallest shares in the country. Additionally, Iowa's rainy day funds could cover about 10% of the state's 2018 fiscal year budget, slightly better than the average across all states.”
© Mike Ehrmann / Staff / Getty Images
Beijing has prepared reciprocal tariffs against the United States, which will be introduced on the same day Washington implements tariffs on $34 billion of Chinese imports, according to Reuters.a source in Beijing told Reuters. "The implementation time for all policies starts at midnight."On June 15, the Trump administration said it would introduce additional 25-percent duties on 818 items of Chinese imports worth $34 billion on July 6.Speaking at a daily news briefing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said their country is ready to retaliate, but didn't specify how and when.," Lu said.The official China Daily has taken another swing against the US policy. The newspaper, which is state-owned, has severely criticized the Trump administration recently."The US has maintained hegemony in the military and financial fields for many decades. Now it is pursuing economic hegemony," the daily wrote."It has frequently waged wars against other sovereign countries and made use of the dominant influence of the US dollar in the international markets to fleece other countries. Now it is attempting to resort to an all-out trade and economic war to hold back China's normal development."
Tuesday is Tax Day. Taxes must be filed by midnight.This deadline can be pretty stressful for people. To help them cope, some companies will hand out free stuff Tuesday.McDonald's plans to offer a variety of freebies, from free coffee to quarter pounders for a discount, depending on the location.People can get free Cinnabon-bites at selected Cinnabon stores.Hooters will offer free food for kids ages 12 and under, with the purchase of a regular meal.
KITCHENER — The Kitchener Rangers always felt they were in the series, they just had nothing to show for it.
That changed Monday when the Blueshirts blanked the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds 3-0 to get back in the Ontario Hockey League western conference final.
And the victory, which has the Rangers trailing 2-1 in the best-of-seven showdown, has breathed new life into the club.
"It raises our confidence," said Rangers defenceman Kyle Gentles. "I think we've been there with them the whole time. It was finally good to end up on the winning side."
It was Kitchener's first win against the Soo in seven attempts this season. Take away empty net goals and five of the six losses to the 'Hounds have been by one marker, including the first two games of the west final at the Essar Centre.
"When you lose two games as close as we did, especially on the road, that's real tough mentally," said Rangers winger Adam Mascherin. "You kind of think about it the whole drive home. To get one and know that they are human just like we are and to know that we can play with them is definitely a big confidence booster."
Monday's shutout win was a first for the Soo as the 'Hounds hadn't been blanked in more than a year.
"We were down 2-0 (in the series) and most teams would just roll over because they're playing the Soo who is the top team in Canada and think they're done," said Gentles. "I think that after Monday's win it's just proof that we actually can beat them. We always knew we could but we just needed to see it for ourselves."
The scene returns to the Aud Wednesday for Game 4.
And the Rangers will be in tough since Sault Ste. Marie has only lost back-to-back three times this season.
TANTRUM
When the Rays' Carlos Gomez returned to the dugout after striking out in the second inning, they took three swings at a cooler, and the resulting thuds could be heard throughout the ballpark. Gomez then punched another cooler, which sent cups flying over the dugout railing.
Despite all that solid contact, Gomez is batting only .195. They were jeered in subsequent at-bats by the crowd of 7,572.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Rays: RHP Chris Archer (left abdominal strain) felt fine after a rehab start and could rejoin the rotation as early as Monday against the Tigers. ... LHP Vidal Nuno (right hamstring strain), who earned the victory Tuesday and contributed two hits before they were hurt, went on the 10-day disabled list. ... RH Wilmer Font (right lat strain) was transferred to the 60-day DL.
Marlins: OF Lewis Brinson (left hip inflammation), batting only .186, was placed on the 10-day disabled list. ... 3B Martin Prado (left hamstring) and 1B-OF Garrett Cooper (bruised right wrist) are expected to be activated for the upcoming series at Washington. ... Miami recalled LHP Dillon Peters from Triple-A New Orleans.
UP NEXT
Rays: Following a day off, the Rays play a three-game series at the Mets, with RHP Ryne Stanek (1-2, 1.98) expected to start.
Marlins: RHP Pablo Lopez (1-0, 3.00), who beat the Mets in their major league debut Saturday, is scheduled to start Thursday when Miami opens a four-game series at the Nationals.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Steven Wine, The Associated Press
Globalization and Its Discontents
Softening the Blow
Bot Bylines
Update: The HTC One M8 is no longer easy to buy in shops, so you'll need to get it through other online portals. The HTC U11 is the newest phone from the brand, and is a much better buy for many, many reasons... although it costs a lot more as a result.
I'd hate to be a phone designer, trying to achieve unique and exciting features in a jaw dropping package for what is essentially a screen with some extra bits and pieces surrounding it.
So it's all the more impressive that HTC, after making the best-looking phone of 2013 (the HTC One), managed to make the HTC One M8, a phone crammed full of power and great features while improving the design that won it so many accolades.
The poor naming aside, the One M8 is a phone that takes the superb DNA of the HTC One, improves it in nearly every area and then packs it full of still impressive technology...and also finds space to pack in a microSD card slot.
On top of that the chassis has been retooled to now be made of 90% metal, up from around 70% of the previous model, and the result is a brushed aluminium design that seems compelling the second you lay eyes on it.
Nowadays we're well past this phone - the HTC U11 is the latest handset from the Taiwanese brand, and is miles better (with the price to boot). It's got the latest Snapdragon 835 CPU, a QHD screen, squeezable sides and a two-tone chassis.
Which makes it all the more confusing when you consider HTC has brought out the One E8; same size and internals, but with a plastic chassis that's still available for a lower price. See the differences here:
And now - here's the bigger treat. The HTC One M9 is on the scene, and as such the One M8 seems like a little older hat than before.
That might not quite be the case though, as the new phone doesn't show an appreciable improvement in what it can do beyond a fancier chassis and higher price tag.
There are some extras: a 20MP camera will entice spec fans, if not those that value an immaculate mobile photography experience, it can shoot in 4K and has Dolby baked into the BoomSound speakers.
But is it the perfect evolution to the One M8? It doesn't seem so.
In lieu of the HTC One M9 Mini, the HTC One M8s has also rocked up, a cheap alternative with the same metal body as the HTC One M8 (though slightly thicker by 0,2mm), however it doesn't offer much of an upgrade over the ageing HTC One M8.
Or for yet another option there's the HTC One A9. This has a metal shell too and is lower end than the HTC One M9, its specs aren't much of an improvement on the HTC One M8, but its design is more iPhone-inspired.
Let's go back in time a little bit here: when it launched the HTC One X - let's not get into the fact that this company needs to employ a whole new team dedicated to naming products - HTC was in a nosedive.
From the heights of the HTC Desire, the world's first true iPhone competitor, it had fallen dramatically, and sales were in the toilet.
The brand needed a reboot, and the HTC One was just that. It wasn't a commercial success in the same vein as the iPhone 5S or the Samsung Galaxy S4, but it was critically superior.
So HTC had a tough choice: make a sequel that was mere evolution, an HTC One S (wait... that's been done) if you will, which would make the world realise it truly believed in its design trajectory, or reinvent the wheel again, try a different kind of impressive phone and run the risk of offering up a flop?
Somehow the company has managed to create something that stands astride both categories.
The HTC One M8 is an even better-designed device that takes the principles of the original One, expands them in the right places and adds in some more HTC sauce here and there.
The result offers up something that can compete with Samsung on the technological front yet still stand toe-to-toe with Apple, arguably the producer of some of the best-looking devices of all time.
Of course, the One M8 isn't a phone that's going to be to everyone's tastes. It started out expensive, coming in at upwards of £450 SIM free (AU$899, around US$820), but that's to be expected from a flagship phone like this.
Since its launch there have been a number of price cuts which means you can get a HTC One M8 for as little as £250/$270/AU$420 if you shop around, but that's still a sizeable chunk of change for an ageing phone.
The metallic chassis is really the primary reason, but it will be interesting to see if buyers are still as wedded to it when the One E8 offers such similar specs with a much lower price.
You'll need to be ready to pay a significant amount for the HTC One M8, but once you hold it you'll accept that it deserves to command such a premium.
There are other things that will put off some too: the fact that the screen is now 5 inches mean this is a larger device, one that can take two hands to operate at times, and it's even bigger than the 2013 version as a result.
HTC needs to sort out its efforts in the mid-to-low smartphone arena, but that's a topic for a different day. The HTC One M8 is a phone that's supposed to offer the best of the smartphone market, one that can survive the onslaught of the iPhone 6 and the Galaxy S6, while preserving HTC's heritage and bringing the bottom line closer to something more healthy.
Through a clever combination of technology and design, it appears the company has managed to do just that - and in today's impossibly congested smartphone market (especially at the high end) that's something to be applauded.
Design
As you can guess from the introduction, the HTC One M8 is a phone that is as much about premium design as it is about packing in the latest version of Android and a decent processor.
The brand took great pains to point out that the One M8 is a phone that builds on the heritage of 2013's One, but improves in just about every arena. The metal chassis is still there, and the aluminium casing now makes up 90% of the frame, up from about 70% previously.
This is probably the most significant change, along with the fact the back and sides are now more curved, as it brings a really impressive feel in the hand. If the original One was characterised by first-time users saying 'Wow, that feels lovely' the next iteration takes that message further.
HTC is obviously proud of the HTC One M8's design, as it retained it for the HTC One M8s, while sticking closely to the look for the HTC One M9 as well.
There will be very few brand-agnostic people that wander into their local phone emporium, pick up the HTC One M8 and a couple of competitors, and don't find that the Taiwanese brand's device is streets ahead in the design stakes - and I'd bet that most would be unable to resist a purchase after that.
The difference here between the One M8 and the iPhone 5S - two of the phones that lead the way in the design stakes - is weight and screen size. Having something that feels premium is incredibly important when you're spending so much on a phone per month, and while the iPhone is beautiful in its metal casing, it's too light to feel like you're getting something really premium.
There's a subconscious reaction when you pick up something for the first time, a natural expectation of how it might feel in the hand, and the HTC One M8, with its 9.35mm thickness and 160g weight, marries those two very well. Though the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S pull off a similar trick, combining size and weight to great effect.
It's no coincidence that smartphones are packing on the grams a little bit these days. Where around 120g was the fashion a couple of years ago, now we're seeing heavier phones as designers try to meet a new paradigm (plus all that new technology needs to go somewhere, after all).
Let's look at the actual design of the HTC One M8 - and it's definitely equal parts evolution and revolution.
The flagship version will be this metallic grey, although a silver version that evokes the previous model and a champagne / rose gold option are both available too. However, this brushed metal effect is stunning, and helps distance the One M8 from its predecessor.
Holding it in the hand is a really pleasant experience, one that makes you feel like you're holding something you should spend a lot of money on.
Quite rightly some will baulk at the larger chassis, mostly down to the decision to include the Boomsound speakers above and below the screen, but once you've heard them in action you'll struggle not to agree that they're a worthy trade-off.
The iPhone 6 and even the Galaxy S5 have a more compact design language than the One M8, which is larger thanks to the speaker addition, but overall I don't think this detracts from the overall effect.
The headphone jack has been moved to the bottom of the phone, which will anger some users. I still think this is an unintuitive place to add the port, as I've become used to having it at the top. Arguments that it makes it easier to slip in and out of the pocket don't hold water, and it makes the phone hard to hold in portrait when listening to music.
But I've got some really good news for you phone-lovers out there: the HTC One M8 comes with a microSD slot! I thought this would never happen after the brand did away with the expansion for the original HTC One, citing design reasons and a general lack of need thanks to the ubiquity of cloud storage (which is clearly still not true).
To hammer home that last point, HTC told me that it re-introduced the expandable memory as it was a) able to do so without compromising the design and b) it had heard from so many consumers that this was a real sticking point for not buying the original One.
It's always good to see a brand climb down when consumers ask for something, and now this means that there are no issues about filling your phone up with photos and home videos as well as music and movies.
It also means it can look Sony's flagship from the same period, the Sony Xperia Z3, in the eye as that handset also comes with expandable storage.
The slot isn't that easy to access on the fly, as like the nanoSIM port it needs a small tool to pop open the drawer. That might be annoying for the more hardcore photographer, but most people will rarely, if ever, hot swap cards, so it just offers a cheap and easy way to increase the 16GB / 32GB onboard storage by up to 128GB.
The top of the phone is all plastic still, and this is to do with antenna technology as well as allowing the infrared signal to control home theatre devices.
This, combined with the thin plastic strips on the rear of the phone, allow for phone and Wi-Fi signal to permeate through the chassis... when you hear engineers talk about how hard it is to make a metal phone that can still connect to other devices, the design language of the One M8 is even more impressive.
The design isn't perfect on the One M8 though - although the following points are more little irritations than anything that undoes the work of the overall design ethos.
One area I'm really happy about is the button travel, as the original One has very flat keys that were hard to find and press. The One M8 improves on that massively, making everything easier to find in the pocket or bag and tap.
However, the keys still feel a little plastic and have a little bit of wiggle when rocked back and forth. This is the same criticism I had with the first One, and it got sorted after a couple of months, but I'd expect a phone of this calibre to have every part of the device locked into place - a rattle ruins things a little bit.
The power button is still on the top of the phone, which I can live with, but it's been moved from the left to the right side. I've argued with a few people about this, as it seems that some people prefer this orientation where others find it incredibly hard to hit.
I'm in the latter camp, as my finger naturally sits on the left of the phone and I found it very easy to unlock the first One. Now not only do I have to shuffle along to find the power button, but whenever I do so I accidentally engage the volume key, meaning I always keep turning the ringtone up and down.
This was probably the most infuriating part of the HTC One M8 - which isn't a bad thing to have at all, but is a poor thing to happen over and over again.
I'm also a bit perplexed about the fast HTC decided to drop the capacitive buttons (understandable given Android 4.4 KitKat's love of on-screen keys) yet keep the same big black bar that contains the HTC logo. This feels like a lot of wasted real estate on the front of the phone, and could have allowed the brand to keep the same footprint as the previous model if it had found another place to chuck its name.
The reason for this is probably due to the need to pack in the necessary internal components while maintaining the BoomSound speakers, but given the level of intelligence on show here when it comes to packaging the device, it seems like a missed trick.
But before you get too downhearted, here's the upshot: the HTC One M8 is one of the most beautiful phones ever made, and that's a statement that's even more impressive given we were saying the same thing about the device this time last year.
The improved use of metal in the chassis really works, and the shape is updated without losing any of the heritage of last year's popular model. The addition of a microSD slot is inspired, and while I can't say I'll ever get on board with the headphone jack being on the bottom, it's something that you can live with.
In short, if you want a phone that looks the absolute business in the smartphone world, AND builds in some top-end components, you couldn't do much better at the time and even now the M8 is one of the best looking phones around.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Villa hopeful of Johnstone deal
Aston Villa are hoping to keep Manchester United loanee Sam Johnstone at the club for the long-term by winning promotion to the Premier League.
The on-loan stopper has been in fine form this season with their performances helping Villa on their way to five straight wins.
Johnstone has the most clean sheets in the Championship and Steve Bruce would love to get them to stay.
“We hope they will be our keeper for the next five years,” said Bruce told the Birmingham Mail.
“That would delight me.  They are a big tick as far as we are concerned.
“But whether we can do a deal, we will have to wait until the end of the season.”
(Image: Robbie Stephenson/JMP)
Warburton bemoans Forest chiefs
Former Nottingham Forest boss Mark Warbuton has hit out at the “lack of clarity” during their time at the City Ground.
Warburton was sacked on New Year's Eve after just nine months in charge of the club, and has since been replaced by Aitor Karanka.
They believe it wasn't clear what they expected to achieve this season.
“The biggest disappointment would be the lack of clarity in terms of what represented success this season,” they said.
“Any job you go into, you have to say ‘what represents success this season?', ‘is it mid-table?'.
“Had we come 10th or 11th this year would it be seen as a bad year or a good year?
“I think you have to know, and I think we were under the impression that if we could build that young squad – and you look at the likes of Tyler Walker, Matty Cash and Joe Worrall, and these young boys, the average age was coming right down.
Barnsley boss signs up
Barnsley have received a boost in their battle against the drop in the Championship with head coach Paul Heckingbottom signing a new contract at Oakwell.
Heckingbottom will head into a third year as head coach at the South Yorkshire club with an undisclosed long-term deal.
They took over from Lee Johnson in February 2016 and they will be hoping to keep them afloat in the league this season.
(Image: Dougie Allward/JMP)
Mitrovic still has Newcastle future
Newcastle United manager Rafa Benitez has indicated that Aleksandar Mitrovic does have a future at St James' Park.
The forward move to Fulham on deadline day and they are now set to set for the Cottagers as they aim for the Premier League.
Benitez will be keeping a close eye on their performance at Craven Cottage.
“Hopefully, he'll score 25 goals,” said Benitez.
“We'll be happy with that. He'll have more value. They will come here and say ‘I'm a new player, you have to trust me because I've scored 25 goals'. Fine, no problem.”
FM Arun Jaitley's comment days after govt said the clauses in the Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance Bill 2017 (FRDI Bill) are aimed at protecting the interests of depositors. Photo: HT
New Delhi: Seeking to allay concerns over the FRDI Bill, finance minister Arun Jaitley on Monday said deposits made by public in banks and other financial institutions will be protected.
The finance minister's comment days after the government said the clauses in the Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance Bill, 2017, (FRDI Bill) are aimed at protecting the interests of depositors.
“The provisions contained in the FRDI Bill, as introduced in the Parliament, do not modify present protections to the depositors adversely at all. They provide additional protections to the depositors in a more transparent manner,” the finance ministry said in a statement Thursday. “The FRDI Bill will strengthen the system by adding a comprehensive resolution regime that will help ensure that, in the rare event of failure of a financial service provider, there is a system of quick, orderly and efficient resolution in favour of depositors.”
The bill has been criticized for some of its controversial provisions, including a “bail-in” clause which suggests that depositor money could be used by failing financial institutions to stay afloat.
“The FRDI Bill is far more depositor-friendly than many other jurisdictions, which provide for statutory bail-in, where consent of creditors/depositors is not required for bail-in,” the government said.
The FRDI Bill 2017 was tabled in the Lok Sabha in August, following which it was referred to the joint parliamentary committee. The committee will submit its report in the upcoming winter session of Parliament beginning 15 December.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol is “in it to win it” after being shortlisted to be the new home for Channel 4's regional headquarters.
Creative industry types were celebrating the news on Wednesday, May 30, that Bristol is one of the seven cities being considered by Channel 4 bosses as the location for its secondary base outside of London.
The publicly-owned broadcaster has agreed – after pressure from the Culture Secretary – to move 300 of its 800 staff out of London and into three regional offices by 2019, with the largest of the three to be made into a second headquarters.
Bristol will compete with Cardiff, Glasgow, Greater Manchester, Leeds, Liverpool and the West Midlands for the major prize of the HQ and it is also under consideration, along with 12 other cities, as a base for one of the smaller “creative hubs”.
Mayor Marvin Rees and other city figures are now preparing for Channel 4 executives' visit during the summer when they will provide firmer details about what Bristol could offer.
Mr Rees said they felt Channel 4 and Bristol could build a strong and a more diverse future together , especially in opening up media and production jobs to people from ethnic minority backgrounds.
“First of all, we need to understand what Channel 4 wants, what it needs and what it is looking for,” the Labour mayor told the Bristol Post .
“We don't want to just talk at them but we want to debate with them and see what they need.
“We have to tell our story. We aren't saying, ‘Bristol is perfect'. But we are saying, ‘We are a fantastic place and we're on a journey', and I think Channel 4 would be fantastic partners on that journey.
“This is a city that people are proud of but that they also want to talk about how it needs to change. That is what makes it exciting, with all its creative tensions. Bristol is a city that has some grit and that is good.
“There are a lot of great cities in this country and we should be confident in Bristol's offer . That is not about putting anyone else down but we have a good chance.
“The creative sector is committed to increasing its diversity and that is great for the city and great for Channel 4.”
One of Channel 4's top priorities for its new regional homes – as well as having a competitive workforce, a good quality of life, an established media industry to tap into and strong university links – is to have a journey time of three hours or less to London.
Mr Rees said they will be pitching Temple Quarter, close-by to the major transport hub of Bristol Temple Meads railway station, to broadcast bosses as a potential new home when they visit.
“Channel 4 is going to need to be near the train station,” said the former BBC journalist. “That would give them connections to London, the North, the Midlands etc. We have fast connections here. We link into Crossrail and we also have our own airport.
“We will be showing them potential locations. But we won't be doing that until we have got more detail on what they want. I think Temple Quarter would be ideal. When you read that criteria of what they are looking for, you can see that it is all here for them.”
Grant Mansfield, chief executive of Plimsoll Productions, has been one of the key figures in lobbying Channel 4, having made trips to London to meet with both current chief executive Alex Mahon and their predecessor David Abraham.
Mr Mansfield said Bristol and Channel 4 were “closely allied” in terms of values, especially in its push to get more people from black and ethnic minority backgrounds into the creative sectors.
“No production company worth their salt – and I include us in that – is not opening their doors a bit wider and trying to diversify,” said Mr Mansfield, who has worked in both the television industries in London and Los Angeles.
But the Clifton-based boss – whose company has produced headline-grabbing programmes such as First Brit and My Million Pound Council House – said there was still a lot to do before securing the regional headquarters.
“We are on the shortlist and that's great. But we are in it to win it,” they said.
“The whole of the media sector has rallied behind this. Having Channel 4 here could be genuinely transformational for the media sector in this city. It is doing well now but it will do a whole lot better if Channel 4 comes here.”
Lynn Barlow, assistant vice chancellor at the University of the West of England, with a focus on the creative and cultural sectors, has been a major driver in co-ordinating the bid.
The former journalist and documentary maker said it was time to shout about the city's cultural and creative sectors a lot more.
“There are 135 companies in the sector ranging from producers, to post-producers, to support staff,” said Ms Barlow.
“We make some of the biggest global shows. It is an independent sector that has grown up over the last 20 to 30 years, anchored by the amazing producers at the BBC Natural History Unit at one end and Aardman Animations at the other.
“Their influence over the city has been to produce a whole culture of independent voices who make great shows. I have been part of that for a long time and know what kind of output we make but we haven't been quick off the mark to tell our story well.
“This bid gives us a real chance to say, ‘We are a fantastic city that is unorthodox, that thinks outside the box and is a place people want to come and live and work'.
“We want to collaborate with Channel 4 and build on that. We believe we share values and want to build something for the future. That has brought the city together and it is really exciting.”
Bristol MP Darren Jones, along with Bristol East MP Kerry McCarthy, was at the announcement in April at Channel 4's headquarters in London when the broadcaster confirmed its plans for decanting part of its operation out of the Capital.
They called Bristol's place on the shortlist “a huge achievement” but said the city now had to promote what it was best at when Channel 4 officials come to be shown around.
“Bristol ticks many of the boxes for Channel 4,” said the Labour MP for Bristol North West.
“We now need to give them a warm welcome to Bristol to show how we live these things in real life – our diversity, creativity, innovation and how we are one of the best places to live and work in the country.
“If we can pull this off it will represent significant investment into Bristol, a huge opportunity for our creative industries and vital role models and routes to employment for young people who want to work in this sector.”
Channel 4 executives are set to asses all seven HQ options over the summer months with a final announcement made in October about where the three regional offices will be based.
Police say Akayed Ullah had a device like a pipe bomb attached to themselves when it exploded in a subway passageway beneath the Port Authority terminal.
Here's what we know about the suspect so far:
Their name is Akayed Ullah.
 They are 27 years old.
They live in Brooklyn.
They were taken to Bellevue Hospital with burns to their abdomen and hands, officials said.
 They are originally from Bangladesh.
Sign up to get the latest updates Get Newsday's Breaking News alerts in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
They have been in the United States for seven years.
They made statements that they carried out the attack in support of ISIS, law-enforcement sources with knowledge of the investigation said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Thousands of structures making up several ancient Mayan cities have just been uncovered after laying hidden for centuries.
The discovery of the structures, including pyramids, palaces and causeways, under a jungle has changed everything we thought we knew about the Mayan civilisation.
They have been revealed following an investigation by a team of international archaeologists using ground-penetrating laser technology in what's been hailed as a “major breakthrough”.
The find allowed the researchers to map the outlines of what they describe as dozens of newly discovered Maya cities hidden under thick jungle foliage.
(Image: mirror.co.uk)
(Image: mirror.co.uk)
(Image: E+)
They have been found centuries after they were abandoned by their original inhabitants, according to a statement issued on Thursday by Guatemala's PACUNAM foundation.
A huge system of ruins far more complex than what has widely been believed by Maya specialists was found, including highways connecting cities and quarries, and complex irrigation and terracing systems supporting masses of workers.
Thomas Garrison, an Ithaca College archaeologist and National Geographic Explorer who took part in the project, told news.com.au : “The LiDAR images make it clear that this entire region was a settlement system whose scale and population density had been grossly underestimated,” said .
(Image: mirror.co.uk)
(Image: mirror.co.uk)
The ancient Maya civilization was one of the most advanced to arise in Mesoamerica, marked by sophisticated mathematics and engineering that allowed it to spread throughout present-day Central America and southern Mexico.
The research used so-called LIDAR technology that utilizes light from lasers to construct a detailed survey of buried structures.
"The fortified structures and large causeways reveal modifications to the natural landscape made by the Maya on a previously unimaginable scale," said Francisco Estrada-Belli of Tulane University.
The team of archaeologists surveyed more than 810 square miles (2,100 sq km) of the Peten jungle and even revealed a pyramid in the heart of the ancient Maya city of Tikal, a major tourist destination in northeastern Guatemala.
The pyramid measures nearly 100 feet (30 meters) tall and was previously thought to be a small mountain.
The earliest Maya settlements were constructed around 1,000 B.C., and most major Maya cities collapsed by 900 A.D. The cause of the collapse remains the focus of intense academic debate.
Health MEC Dr Sibongiseni Dhlomo has called for a collective effort involving the government, community leaders, parents and the youth in the fight against teen pregnancy in the province.
They were speaking to the media after welcoming 68 babies born on New Year's Day in hospitals around KZN.
Dhlomo once again decried the fact that among the new mothers were two 16 year olds. During their visit to Murchison Hospital, on the south coast they found a 14-year-old girl among the expectant mothers in the hospital's gynaecology ward.
Out of 1 million babies born countrywide each year, 80000 are delivered by teen mothers who Dhlomo said by the sheer virtue of their age were neither physiologically nor psychologically ready to bear children.
“I want to emphasise the point that some of these teenage mothers can't deliver because they are simply too young. As a result, they end up having to deliver by Caesarean section and some of them die,” they said.
They called on hospital staff not to judge young people who visit health centres for reproductive health services. The solution to curbing the rising rate of teenage pregnancy, the spread of sexual transmitted diseases and illegal abortions lies, to a considerable extent, with the establishment of youth and adolescent friendly health institutions.
“Let us not discourage teenagers who actually, probably are not really abstaining and are coming to our clinics and say: ‘I'm not abstaining any more, I have a relationship but I don't want to fall pregnant'.
“Let's not judge them but give them the help they need because if we don't do that we will be partly to blame in the end,” Dhlomo said.
Meanwhile, they congratulated new mothers like Thabisile Hlatshwayo who gave birth to healthy twins Sibanesihle and Senzelwe born 15 minutes apart at Itshelejuba Hospital, in Pongola, northern KZN. Their birth signals a new beginning for the Hlatshwayo family after the 30-year old mother lost their first set of twins who were born prematurely a year ago.
“I'm very happy, from the bottom of my heart. When I lost my other babies, who were my first, it was a very difficult time. Now at home they are saying that these babies are here to wipe away the family's tears,” they said.
NOKUTHULA NTULI
nokuthulan@thenewage.co.za
MUMBAI, India — Sunrisers Hyderabad successfully defended their second lowest total in Indian Premier League history by recording 31-run victory over defending champions Mumbai Indians on Tuesday.
Seamer Siddarth Kaul picked up 3-23 and Afghanistan's Rashid Khan snapped up 2-11 with their masterful googlies and legspinners as Mumbai was bowled out for 87 in 18.5 overs.
Earlier, after being put into bat, Hyderabad was dismissed for its second lowest IPL total when it fell to Mumbai seamers for 118 in 18.4 overs.
"Without a doubt we were expecting a lot more from ourselves with the bat," Hyderabad captain Kane Williamson said. "A number of injuries, a change in balance, but the best part of it was how the guys were engaged in the second half."
Mumbai, which now has lost five out of six matches, buckled against some fine seam and spin bowling despite Hyderabad going without its frontline injured seamers.
Billy Stanlake was ruled out of remainder of IPL due to fractured finger and injured Bhuvneshwar Kumar was rested from the game.
Mumbai's chase was in disarray when it stuttered at 21-3 in the sixth over that included key wicket of captain Rohit Sharma for just 2.
"118 on any wicket, we should have been able to get that, we just weren't there," Rohit said. "We needed to show some intent but we didn't ... they kept us guessing all the time. A few of us played bad shots including myself."
Suryakumar Yadav (34) and Krunal Pandya (24) shared the best partnership of the innings by combining in a 40-run fourth-wicket stand before Mumbai lost its last six wickets for just 14 runs.
Rashid hurried the collapse when they successfully won an lbw television referral against Krunal and Kaul ran through the tail in quick succession as Hyderabad clinched its fourth win in the tournament.
Boston Bruins forward Ryan Donato, left, tries to poke the puck away from Columbus Blue Jackets defenseman Markus Nutivaara (65) during the second period of an NHL hockey game in Boston, Monday, March 19, 2018. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa)
Boston Bruins forward Ryan Donato, left, tries to poke the puck away from Columbus Blue Jackets defenseman Markus Nutivaara (65) during the second period of an NHL hockey game in Boston, Monday, March 19, 2018. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa)
BOSTON (AP) - The Columbus Blue Jackets felt like they were lucky to get a victory in their late-season push for one of the Eastern Conference's playoff spots.
Cam Atkinson scored 2:55 into overtime to lift the Blue Jackets to a 5-4 comeback victory over Boston on Monday night for their eighth straight win, spoiling a splendid NHL debut for Bruins forward Ryan Donato.
"We stuck with it and that's what good teams do," Atkinson said. "It wasn't our prettiest by no means, but we found a way to get two huge points."
Sonny Milano, Boone Jenner, Thomas Vanek and Artemi Panarin also scored for the Blue Jackets. Nick Foligno and Ryan Murray had two assists, and Vanek and Jenner each added one. Joonas Korpisalo stopped 34 shots.
Columbus moved into a tie with Philadelphia with 85 points, but the Flyers hold the tiebreaker for third place in the Metropolitan Division and the Blue Jackets hold the first wild card in the East. New Jersey,which has the second wild card, is three points behind.
This one, though, may have been the Blue Jackets' ugliest during the current run.
"It just looked like as a whole group we didn't seem to have our legs," Columbus coach John Tortorella said. "The turnovers hurt us, we turned the puck over quite a bit. But give them credit, they just ended up finding a way."
Atkinson cut in on the left wing and fired a wrister past Tuukka Rask for the game-winner.
"You see it, there's no traffic in front of you, but there's more clear-cut chances," Rask said of the 3-on-3 overtime format. "Even that goal there, it looks like he's going high-stick, but it goes under my hand."
Donato had a goal and two assists for Boston, which moved a point behind idle Tampa Bay for first in the Atlantic. Riley Nash, Brad Marchand and David Krejci also scored for the Bruins, and Rask finished with 20 saves.
"It kind of felt like a dream," Donato said. "I really didn't really get too warmed up because I was focused everything else."
The Blue Jackets trailed by two late in the second period before scoring three consecutive goals to take a 4-3 lead.
Just 25 seconds after Nash had given the Bruins a 3-1 lead, Milano redirected Ryan Murray's slap-pass from the right point to pull Columbus within one with just over three minutes remaining in the middle period.
Vanek tipped in a shot from the slot, tying it 5:38 into the third, and Panarin put the Blue Jackets ahead off a faceoff with 8:30 left in regulation.
However, Donato slipped a short pass from the right circle to Krejci, who got the tying goal 20 seconds later while falling to one knee.
Jenner got Columbus on the scoreboard first when they redirected Vanek's pass by Rask 4:15 into the game.
The Bruins scored three straight goals in the second to take the lead. Marchand tied it with their team-leading 31st of the season when they got the puck at the end of a 2-on-1 break, shifted to their right and tucked it behind Korpisalo 5:41 into the middle period.
Donato, a Hobey Baker Finalist after leading Harvard in scoring this season, pushed Boston ahead with a one-timer that slipped inside the near post from the right faceoff circle at 7:28. The leading scorer on the U.S. team at the Pyeongchang Olympics signed a two-year, entry-level contract on Sunday.
Nash's power-play goal increased it to 3-1 as they banged home a rebound from the top of the crease with 3:28 remaining.
NOTES: Boston F David Pastrnak got their 70th point on Marchand's goal, matching their career-high. ... Bruins F Rick Nash was a late scratch with an upper-body injury. ... The Blue Jackets entered with the league's second-worst power play and went 0 for 2 against the Bruins. ... Local Olympians, including eight from the women's Gold medal-winning hockey team, were honored during a ceremonial puck drop. ... Bruins captain Zdeno Chara missed their third straight with an upper-body injury. ... Columbus D Seth Jones missed their second straight with an upper-body injury.
UP NEXT
Blue Jackets: At the New York Rangers on Tuesday. Columbus won the only other meeting, 3-1 at home on Oct. 13.
Bruins: At St. Louis on Thursday in the first of a four-game road trip.
For as progressive and refreshing as their iconic 1960 Best Picture Winner The Apartment still feels today, Billy Wilder's 1961 follow-up One, Two, Three remains a dated product of first-wave Cold War politics. It wasn't the German émigré's first return to European fanfare, as there was Stalag 17 (1953) and an unforgettable Marlene Dietrich playing themselves in swoozy flashback of bombed out Berlin in 1957's Witness for the Prosecution.
However, consumed by its own topicality in waffling back and forth between the cutthroat consumerism butting uneasily into early 60s West Berlin while the communist East side remained part of the insidious threat to America's capitalistic ideals, this remains one of Wilder's most tonally uneven features.
Featuring a bombastic James Cagney, the experience inspired the iconic actor to retire from cinema before reappearing decades later in 1981's Ragtime, the film was not well received in the US or Germany thanks to the construction of the Berlin Wall, which began when the film was in production and cast a prominent pallor over Wilder's comedic and political toils, their fifth of twelve collaborations with writer I.A.L. Diamond (adapted from a stage play by Hungarian playwright Ferenc Molnar).
C.R. MacNamara (Cagney) runs a Coca-Cola bottling company in Berlin, ambitiously angling to sell the brand to the Russians, a then unprecedented venture. Their Atlanta based boss Wendell P. Hazeltine (Howard St. John) kills their hopes for selling soda to the communists and instead orders them to care for their socialite daughter Scarlett Hazletine (Pamela Tiffin), a man-hungry good-time gal who they just separated from their second fiancé.
Cancelling a long-planned vacation with their indulgent wife Phyllis (Arlene Francis), MacNamara takes the young woman in for a two week stay. But when they sneak off into East Berlin and marries Communist Otto Piffl (Horst Buchholz), a man who abhors what their wife's family and MacNamara stands for, their career is suddenly in jeopardy. Worse, Scarlett is also pregnant, leaving annulment out of the question. Phyllis alerts Scarlett's parents, who immediately fly to Berlin while MacNamara must stop the couple from leaving and train Otto to resemble a fine young capitalist in order to save their own hide.
For as breathless a performance turned in by Cagney as soda executive C.R. MacNamara, it's often in vain, wasted on the increasingly zany screenplay or the subpar performances of several co-stars, particularly Horst Buchholz, the German star of The Magnificent Seven (1960) here resembling Olivier Martinez, playing a man who senselessly marries a young American socialite as banal as they are brainless.
Wilder's film often featured actores who loomed as large as their male co-stars, but One, Two, Three compares to the latter The Fortune Cookie (1966) with its lack of any particularly prominent women with any real agency. Newcomer Pamela Tiffin has the thankless task of attempting to make socialite Scarlett Hazeltine appealing to both the audience and their communist lover but doesn't succeed at either.
Arlene Francis gets a few choice eye-rolls as Cagney's patient wife who is also constantly overlooked by their husband, distracted as they are philandering with their Russian secretary Ingeborg, played by Swiss actor Lilo Pulver, a woman freely exchanged between men to service them. The film's Americanized sense of European sensibility is as equally compromised here as Wilder's next film, Irma La Douce, in which Shirley MacLaine reunited with them to star as an unlikely Parisian prostitute romanced by Jack Lemmon.
Boiled down, One, Two, Three is essentially a comedy of manners in the vein of The Birdcage, in which a son-in-law's social ideologies must be masked for propriety's sake during an initial meet-and-greet with their in-laws. But Cagney's mania, paired with all the jarring energies of their co-stars, makes this Wilder film seem like half-baked slapstick sprinkled with a heavy dose of political commentary about the differences between capitalists and communists (which results in one of the film's most labored sequences wherein Buchholz must be trained in the ways of Western dinner etiquette though they insist on eating like a caveman in order to reject the established pretentiousness of hierarchical silverware). The film's most interesting element involves a rumor regarding Joan Crawford's dismay at Wilder's use of the Coca-Cola brand, the director apparently throwing them a wink in the film's closing moments.
Disc Review:
Kino Lorber presents this Wilder title in 2.35:1 as part of their Studio Classics label. With filming taking place in Berlin, and eventually in Munich after construction began on the Berlin Wall, One, Two, Three is an intriguing portrait of a troubled city in flux, although an upbeat score from Andre Previn would have you believe otherwise. Picture and sound quality on this transfer of the cult title are dependable, and film historian Michael Schlesinger provides optional audio commentary.
Wilder & Schlondorff:
This brief three minute bit features Billy Wilder discussing One, Two, Three with Volker Schlondorff, who summarized and introduces the segment.
Billy Wilder on Politics:
Wilder is featured in this six minute interview excerpt on the politics of One, Two, Three.
Final Thoughts:
A unique time capsule in several regards, One, Two, Three is otherwise all fizz—a dated farce, especially in comparison to Wilder's all-time greats.
Film Rating: ★★½/☆☆☆☆☆
Disc Rating: ★★★/☆☆☆☆☆
NEW YORK — Mike Smith scored 20 points and Columbia kept Dartmouth winless in the Ivy League with a 77-74 victory on Saturday night.
Quinton Adlesh added 18 points on 6 of 10 shooting from distance for the Lions (6-13, 3-3). Lukas Meisner scored 16 points and led with 11 rebounds. Kyle Castlin also scored 16 and Patrick Tape had 10 rebounds.
Adlesh sank three 3-pointers early and Smith and Meisner each added another to help Columbia to a 21-12 lead and the Lions were up 39-27 at intermission.
A hail of 3-pointers by both teams opened the second half and Columbia led 63-54 midway. Dartmouth's Ian Sistare drained a 3-pointer late to give the Big Green a 67-66 edge but it didn't last as Castlin replied with six straight points and Smith added a 3 to put Columbia up 75-72 with 1:06 left.
11:27 Tom Pilgrim
Election u-turn
The Prime Minister had previously argued an early election was not necessary while the country sought “stability” through the Brexit process.
They now say that other parties' opposition to the Government Brexit plans mean an election mandate is necessary.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Neighbours forced their way into a house in Crewe after hearing a smoke alarm and discovered a small fire in the living room.
One fire engine from Nantwich attended the incident at Frank Webb Avenue shortly after 6.10pm last night (Tuesday).
A Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service spokesperson said: “A resident on Frank Webb Avenue reported that a smoke alarm had been activated at a neighbouring property.
“The resident forced entry the address and found that the occupants were out. They also discovered a small fire in the living room, which is believed to have been caused by a candle which had been left unattended.”
Firefighters used a large fan to clear the smoke from the property.
They also completed a home safety assessment once the householder returned home.
Firefighters were at the scene for about 40 minutes.
For information on how to use candles safely click here.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. — The Jacksonville Jaguars are bringing back veteran linebacker Lerentee McCray.
McCray signed with the Jaguars on Monday. They had been an unrestricted free agent after signing a one-year deal with Jacksonville in 2017.
McCray says he's "been waiting to find a home and I'm excited to be back here and finish the unfinished business that we left last year."
The 6-foot-3, 249-pound McCray recorded a career-high nine special teams tackles in 13 games last season. They previously spent time with Buffalo and Green Bay after signing as an undrafted rookie with Denver in 2013.
There are some moments in life that stay with you. Leonardi DiCaprio winning an Oscar in 2016 – their first despite 6 nominations – is one of them.
And now the famed actor is set to play their namesake, Leonardo da Vinci: the great Italian polymath.
A battle of the mega-budgets broke out between Universal and Paramount, with the latter winning out in a seven-figure bidding war for the rights to Walter Isaacson's book on the Renaissance painter, inventor, architect, scientist, engineer, botanist etc, etc.
Appian Way, the production company that DiCaprio co-founded, will produce the film. We're expecting good things as the same company had a hand in making stellar films such as Shutter Island and The Aviator.
DiCaprio has played some incredible roles that vary extensively but this could just be the acting opportunity that the Oscar winner has been holding out for. After all, they have claimed that da Vinci is in fact their namesake.
In an interview with NPR in 2014, DiCaprio explained:
“My father tells me that [he and my mother] were on their honeymoon at the Uffizi Gallery in Florence, I believe. They were looking at a da Vinci painting, and allegedly I started kicking furiously while my mother was pregnant.
“And my father took that as a sign, and I suppose DiCaprio wasn't that far from da Vinci. And so, my dad, being the artist that they are, said, ‘That's our boy's name.'”
There's currently no date set for the release of the film but with this kind of emotional gravitas DiCaprio can bring to the role, we're holding out for a second Oscar-winning performance.
NOW READ
Here's every single project Elon Musk has invested in (besides Tesla and SpaceX)
Zuleyka Rivera is why ‘Despacito' is YouTube's most viewed video
Enjoy this photo of ripped Tiger Woods, then get your butt to the gym
> More on Personalities
This article originally appeared in gq.com.au
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Labour has vowed to remove political bias from its discipline process tackling anti-Semitism.
The new system would also slash the time it takes for cases to be examined - which would be aimed at clearing the backlog of complaints which is currently around 100.
Recommendations from an internal working group would see the creation of a new three-person anti-Semitism panel to deal swiftly with complaints against party members.
The Party hopes the more efficient system will help it to root out the abuse which has dogged the party for the last two years.
The group produced a 13-point plan, which was leaked to HuffPost UK setting out plans which include using using smaller, specially-trained teams of investigators.
(Image: Facebook)
It suggests anonymising the complaints to avoid perceptions of political bias learning from the party's methods of tackling sexual harassment complaints.
“There is a perception that cases are not dealt with in a consistent manner due to political forces influencing decisions with particular respondents – particularly at the NEC Disputes Panel stage of the process,” it states.
Christine Shawcroft was forced to resign from their role as chair of Labour's internal disputes panel after they apparently intervened to stand up for a council candidate suspended for alleged anti-Semitism.
Last month party chairperson Ian Lavery confirmed there were more than 100 cases waiting to be investigated.
Although former London Mayor Ken Livingstone quit the party this month, it came after a two-year battle to expel them for remarks they had made linking Hitler, Zionism and Jews.
(Image: PA)
According to the leaked document the new system would see more disciplinary cases dealt with solely through written testimony rather than oral hearings.
The party would also hire a new in-house lawyer to produce clearer evidence tests to standardise the system and make it more transparent.
Sanctions will range from verbal “reminders of conduct” or a “first written warning” through to more formal warnings, suspension and mandatory anti-semitism training.
It is understood that the draft proposals were positively received by the NEC last week. They will now be finalised before being presented for approval at the body's next meeting, expected before the summer.
(Image: PA)
The proposals aim to deliver on a pledge by Jeremy Corbyn to make the issue the “number one priority” of their new general secretary Jennie Formby.
The leaked report says: “The perception is that the process is not swift enough from start to finish, that it is susceptible to political forces at each stage of the process and that there is a lack of consistency in how cases are adjudicated on,” it states.
“The proposed changes in this document seek to take the themes outlined in the Chakrabarti report and apply them as a first step in a root and branch review of how the process works – learning the lessons from recent changes to the way the Party handles other types of complaints – most notably Sexual Harassment.”
The Board of Deputies of British Jews, the Jewish Leadership Council and some of the party's own MPs have urged Jeremy Corbyn to do more to tackle the problem.
TORONTO — A judge has ruled that a class-action lawsuit can proceed against the Royal Winnipeg Ballet and a photographer who is alleged to have taken intimate photos of students.
Lawyer Margaret Waddell says about 60 people have been identified so far as potential class-action members in the lawsuit against the ballet company and Bruce Monk, who worked as a photographer between 1984 and 2015.
The lead plaintiff, Sarah Doucet, alleges Monk pressured them into letting them take semi-nude photos of them as a teenager and then distributed them.
The allegations have not been proven in court, and both Monk and the ballet company have filed statements of defence denying the accusations.
Police investigated a complaint against Monk in 2015 but no charges were laid.
The recent decision by an Ontario Superior Court justice certifies Doucet's case as a class-action lawsuit, although the defendants have 30 days to appeal the ruling.
"To date, 53 former students have contacted (Doucet's lawyer) self-identifying as potential class members, or they have been identified by the witnesses on this motion as students whose photographs are on the internet and who may have been photographed by Mr. Monk in a private setting," the ruling states.
Lawyers for Monk and the Royal Winnipeg Ballet were not immediately available for comment Wednesday.
Waddell said there are still a few steps before the lawsuit can be heard.
"We have to get notice out to the class members, to let everybody know that the action has been certified ,and they have an opportunity to decide if they want to exclude themselves," Waddell said.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
World Cup hero Jordan Pickford name-checked a former Bristol Rovers goalkeeper in the wake of their penalty shoot-out heroics against Colombia.
The former Sunderland goalkeeper is the toast of England this morning after a wonderful penalty save to deny Carlos Bacca — that followed an earlier acrobatic stop from Mateus Uribe.
England appear to have a former Rovers stopper to thank for the performance, reports Wales Online .
(Image: Getty)
Former Wales keeper Martyn Margetson is the goalkeeping coach for England and played for the Gas on loan from Manchester City in 1993, making three appearances.
They went on to play 50 times for the Citizens in a playing career that also took in Southend United, Huddersfield Town and Cardiff City.
Yet it is in coaching where their career has gone from strength to strength, becoming goalkeeping coach for the Bluebirds after hanging up their gloves, and then taking up the role with Wales when Gary Speed was appointed boss.
They then left Cardiff to link up with Sam Allardyce at West Ham, before returning to Cardiff under Russell Slade.
In 2016, Allardyce appointed them England goalkeeping coach, and they have held the role ever since, also coaching for Crystal Palace and then working with Pickford under Allardyce at Everton last season.
Margetson has been working closely with Pickford in both Everton and England training in the past 12 months to the point where they helped the 24-year-old study Colombia's penalty takers.
“We did our homework on the penalty takers with Marge (Margetson) and it was only Falcao who changed the way they normally go,” said Pickford after the dramatic game in Moscow.
“It's all about being there in the moment making the save and I did.”
Saudi Arabia Announces Opening Of Cinemas For First Time In 35 Years
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
Saudi Arabia has announced that it will allow cinemas to open in the kingdom for the first time in decades as part of social and economic reforms undertaken by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.
"Commercial cinemas will be allowed to operate in the kingdom as of early 2018, for the first time in more than 35 years," the culture and information ministry announced in a statement on Monday.
It said that the government would begin issuing cinema licenses immediately and that the first movie houses would be open by March.
The move is part of Salman's Vision 2030, a program aimed at liberalizing the socially conservative kingdom.
"This marks a watershed moment in the development of the cultural economy in the kingdom," the information minister Awwad Alawwad said in the statement.
As recently as January, the country's top cleric, Grand Mufti Sheikh Abdul Al Aziz al-Shaikh, reportedly warned that cinemas breed "depravity" and corrupt the morals of the people.
As Bloomberg reports: "The kingdom hasn't had public cinemas since the early 1980s, when the U.S. box office was dominated by films including E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial and the Star Wars movie Return of the Jedi. After militants besieged the Grand Mosque in Mecca in 1979, most forms of public entertainment were banned and clerics were given more control over schools, courts and social life."
In September, Saudi Arabia took the dramatic step of announcing women will soon be allowed to drive, an offense in the past that had caused women to lose their jobs and be banned for years from traveling.
Graphic: Paras Jain/Mint
After two successive years of poor investment activity, start-up funding may start improving later this year as secondary share sales, strong performances by Flipkart and other large internet firms and an expanding internet user base drive an improvement in investor sentiment.
Mint had reported in November that early-stage funding of internet companies dropped to a three-year low in 2017, partly as start-ups were still struggling to justify their excessive valuations and venture capital (VC) firms who burned their hands in 2015 were still cautious. Over the past three months, investor sentiment has shown signs of improvement.
Education content platform Unacademy, online loans provider Lendingkart, social network Sharechat and a few others have raised successive rounds of funding in a short span – something that had stopped after the funding boom ended in late 2015.
Online retailer Flipkart and cab hailing app Ola have maintained their lead over Amazon India and Uber India, respectively. One of the reasons behind the funding slowdown was the fear that Flipkart and Ola, which have taken up a large amount of the capital invested into all Indian start-ups, would lose out to their rivals. Instead, the strong showing by Flipkart against Amazon over the past 18 months has helped boost the investor outlook on the entire ecosystem.
Now, the trigger for an improvement in start-up funding could be the proposed multi-billion-dollar deal between American retailer Walmart Inc and Flipkart, investors said. Walmart wants to buy a majority stake in Flipkart in a deal that could value the online retailer at more than $20 billion. If the deal goes through, many influential start-up investors including Tiger Global Management, Accel Partners and Naspers will see massive gains on their investments.
As the consumer internet market adds millions of new users every year with faster and cheaper data, opportunities are opening up for new types of digital businesses.
“I believe that the Walmart investment in Flipkart is definitely very positive for the Indian VC ecosystem,” said Niren Shah, managing director at Norwest Venture Partners. “It will prove that M&A exits for scaled internet companies is only a matter of time and will provide secondary exits to VCs.”
Shah added that the “ripple impact of the deal on the early-stage ecosystem” may take a few more quarters.
“The funding market has definitely improved in the past few months,” said Anand Lunia, managing director at India Quotient, an early-stage VC firm. “This year, I wouldn't be surprised if (deal) volume increased by 50% or so from last year.”
What's also helping investors is that over the past nine months, secondary share transactions have become a major source of generating returns.
Secondary share sales worth thousands of crore of rupees in start-ups including Flipkart, Paytm, Ola, Lenskart and others have provided funds with desperately-needed returns. These deals helped VC firms prove to limited partners – large investment firms that put money into VCs – that start-up investments in India could be lucrative even though returns take longer to materialise compared with the US and China.
Investors pointed out that funding boom and downturns happen in cycles. After a flurry of investments in 2010-2011, start-ups had to struggle through a funding winter for nearly three years until the middle of 2014. That upturn lasted for 18 months till investors pulled back at the end of 2015. Now, investors are slowly regaining the confidence to start investing heavily again.
Still, there are factors that could hold back a sharp improvement in funding volume. While investor appetite may increase, they may not find enough companies to place bets on. Mint had reported in October that the number of new internet and technology start-ups launched in the first nine months of 2017 had slumped to 800 from more than 6,000 in 2016 - a worrying sign for the next two years. Additionally, macro-economic and political factors such as an interest rate hikes in the US, the performance of stock markets (for domestic LPs) and the national elections next year could affect start-up funding.
“The funding market will improve this year for sure but for a 2015-type scenario to happen again, the number of VC firms will have to increase and the start-up formation will also have to increase dramatically. I personally think that in the second half of 2019 and 2020, we could see another bubble,” Lunia said.
You cannot post new topics in this forum
You cannot reply to topics in this forum
You cannot edit your posts in this forum
You cannot delete your posts in this forum
You cannot post attachments in this forum
CLOSE Julie Dangelo, Executive Director of Senior Centers, Inc., a community center for seniors In Toledo, Ohio, talks about how they came to realize that their aging parents needed more caregiving help. Lightpost
Certified Aging-in-Place Specialists can help seniors preserve their independence at home. (Photo: Getty Images/moodboard RF)
Going home for the holidays?
If you have older parents, relatives or friends you don't see on a regular basis, it could be a good time to make sure they don't need more help than they have in the past.
Even regular phone conversations are no substitute for seeing someone in person, in their or their own home, said Susan Long, director of the Knoxville-Knox County CAC Office on Aging.
Long said assisted-living and other care facilities report a spike in calls immediately after the holidays, when visitors “lay eyes on” older adults after a period of months.
“They can be very social on the phone — everything's fine,” they said.
And even for a short in-person visit, people who don't want or are embarrassed about needing extra help can put up a good front, said Janet Neely, a licensed and certified occupational therapy assistant who consults on “aging in place” through their business Being At Home.
“We all would,” Neely said. “It's a human trait to want not to be seen as faltering. We've got to respect people's dignity.”
Still, there are places you can look for signs a loved one might need assistance.
Doorway
It's not unusual, or necessarily worrisome, for someone to take a longer time to answer the door, Neely said. But an excessively long time answering could indicate problems hearing or with memory: “Did they not hear you knock? Did they forget you were coming?”
Or if the path to the doorway is blocked or they must back up to open the door, that could present a fall risk, they added.
“And if it's difficult to answer their door when you come, it's going to be difficult to answer their door in case of an emergency,” they said.
If you have older parents, relatives or friends you don't see on a regular basis, the holidays could be a good time to make sure they don't need more help than they have in the past. (Photo: Highwaystarz-Photography, Getty Images/iStockphoto)
Living room
Make sure items haven't accumulated on the floor where they could present a hazard, and try to remove throw rugs, Long and Neely said. Also check for stacks of unopened mail or late payment notices, which could indicate memory issues, financial trouble or simply feeling overwhelmed.
“Sometimes people can't decipher bills from junk mail” as they age, Long said. “They'll send money to (an advertisement or donation solicitation) but not pay the KUB bill or something important.”
“Excessive” numbers of boxes from QVC or similar home shopping outlets also could indicate a problem if the person wasn't already in the habit of purchasing such items, Neely said.
Bathroom
Watch for medications that have expired or need to be refilled — and skipping prescribed medications or taking them improperly also can lead to changes in behavior and memory.
Kitchen
Both women recommended checking the fridge and pantry for food that has obviously gone bad — or for unopened Mobile Meals, or little to no food at all, indicating someone might not be eating enough. Long also recommended peeking into the oven or microwave for forgotten meals, indicating someone might have difficulty remembering how to use the appliances, or for food that should be in the refrigerator or freezer on counters or in cabinets instead.
Neely suggests asking the person for a drink and observing whether there's difficulty opening cabinets or the refrigerator door.
“Sometimes there's a mobility issue, the door opens in a way that makes them go backward,” they said. “They may avoid it because of balance.”
Garage
If the person still drives, check the car for new dents and scratches, and make sure the license plate and registration are current.
If someone recently stopped driving, that's a risk factor for both isolation and a sedentary lifestyle, which can lead to depression, a higher risk of falls or other problems.
► More: Is your house conducive for aging in place?
Personal hygiene
Look at nails — are they clean and trimmed, especially if the person has always kept them that way? Is the person wearing their or their dentures? Is hair combed in the back? Such problems could relate to dementia or could simply mean a person is having difficulty raising arms or using fingers because of arthritis.
For the same reasons, note whether clothes are stained or buttoned correctly, Neely said. And Long said people with dementia sometimes layer their clothes, putting on “an outfit over an outfit over another outfit” as they perpetually forget they've already gotten dressed.
Be compassionate and fair when looking for signs of an unsafe living situation, Neely said. Problems accessing needed items in the house can be remedied; agencies exist to help seniors who could stay in their homes with some care, including meal delivery, light housekeeping and companionship.
“We see these folks as heroes, people in their 80s who still live alone at home,” they said, which, they added, is "ageism" in its own way.
Learn more:
AARP Caregiving Resource Center
American Occupational Therapy Association Productive Aging resources
Homewatch Caregivers Senior Safety
Being At Home aging-in-place consultation
Read or Share this story: http://knoxne.ws/2jkz5CE
You could be in the running for a new Mazda.
You could be in the running for a new Mazda. Contributed
THERE wouldn't be too many people who'd say "no" to a brand-new Mazda car, well none really.
That's why Woolworths stores across Queensland and Northern NSW are once again throwing their support behind the Children's Hospital Foundation with a Summer Raffle.
This will give Northern Rivers customers the chance to kick off the new year with a new car.
After raising $1.1million through the 2017 Summer Raffle, Woolworths stores in Queensland and Northern NSW are working hard to exceed this target and raise $1.2 million this year, to support sick kids through the Children's Hospital Foundation.
Northern Rivers customers can show their support by simply purchasing a $2 ticket in-store to go into the running to win one of ten amazing prizes worth over $293,000 including a brand-new Mazda CX9, CX5 or CX3, a $20,000 holiday through Flight Centre, a 2017 Sea-Doo GTI90 Jet Ski on a trailer or $10,000 in Woolworths Gift Cards.
Local Woolworths Group Manager, Elena Marshall said; "We know that our customers are a generous bunch and we are so thankful of their ongoing support for the charity.
"There are some amazing prizes up for grabs in our summer raffle and for just $2, you're also helping to change the lives of sick kids."
Children's Hospital Foundation Chief Executive Officer, Rosie Simpson, said funds raised through the Summer Raffle would help support sick kids and their families.
"The Woolworths Summer Raffle will help fund much-needed medical equipment as well as support vital research to find faster diagnoses, better treatments and ultimately cures for some of the most devastating childhood illnesses and injuries," said Ms Simpson.
"Every dollar really does make a difference in the life of a sick child. Every ticket sold will help us towards our goal of ensuring that every child - regardless of where they live - receive the best care.
"Every child deserves a chance at a happy and healthy life and with the support of Woolworths and their amazing customers, we can continue to help sick kids in hospital to get better and go home sooner with their families."
Tickets are available at Woolworths stores in the Northern Rivers region until 11 February 2018.
Goodale had to delay some events on Monday but Tuesday's final day of talks unfolded largely as planned. A major focus was addressing violent extremism and preventing the internet from being as a tool for training, propaganda and financing.
"It's the insidiousness of the messaging on the web," Goodale said in an interview prior to the talks.
"That's something that all ministers worry about."
Goodale and their fellow G7 leaders called on major internet service providers that are also at this meeting — Google, Facebook, Twitter and Microsoft — to do more to prevent their platforms from being exploited.
Goodale said the service providers realize the need to co-operate, and were to discuss options with the G7 ministers. They said they will be urging service providers "to be quick and proficient and quick and persistent in making sure their various services are not any kind of platform for terrorist material or terrorist activity."
"You do not want your platform to be known as a safe harbour for terror or sexual exploitation or human trafficking or political interference."
The internet giants addressed the G7 ministers last fall in Italy, when it held the presidency, and Krings said it was necessary to hear from them again.
In Germany, the government has taken a hard line against internet providers and what they can disseminate and has a network enforcement law that it is not popular in some quarters, they said.
"Certainly, the companies didn't like it so much. But it's also clear that the standards of what can be communicated on the internet can't be set by the terms and conditions of private contracts," they said.
"These standards have to be set by democratically elected lawmakers, who decide on what is libel, what is defamation and how far can you go in even an open society."
In Tuesday's opening remarks, Goodale said cybertechnology has become "a disruptive force" with the potential to harm critical infrastructure "and the power to more easily conceal identities."
In the interview, Goodale offered some insight into the closed-door discussion they planned to lead with their counterparts.
"You're looking for the holes. When you're dealing with this technology and you get into the deep, dark web, how much of it is encrypted, how much of it is inaccessible, how much of it is beyond technical capacity to crack into?"
By Mike Blanchfield, The Canadian Press
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Paulie Malignaggi wants to fight Conor McGregor on St Patrick's Day next year.
The former two-time world champion sparred the Irishman as they prepare to fight Floyd Mayweather on Saturday week.
But they left the training camp early after photos were released that painted them in a bad light.
A video was then posted on social media that appeared to show McGregor knocking Malignaggi down.
The American insists it was a push and admitted the feud has now reached breaking point.
When asked on The MMA Hour if they wanted the fight, they said: "Yeah. At this point? Yeah.
"When you don't like someone you don't spar them, you fight them
(Image: Dave Fogarty/Ginger Beard Photog)
(Image: Conor McGregor/Instagram)
(Image: thenotoriousmma/Instagram)
"It's picked up a ton of momentum, the bad blood is there so let's fight.
"We'll need to see how they look against Mayweather. If they look dog s***, no one will want to see us fight.
"As long as they don't get the living s*** beaten out of him, I think the demand is there to make the fight."
(Image: Manchester Evening News)
(Image: REUTERS)
St Patrick's Day falls on a Saturday next year and Malignaggi revealed they would target March 17.
They added: "I'm a business person, once this all started coming out, my eyes went to the calendar when this thing started buzzing."
The South Nodaway R-IV Board of Education met in open and closed sessions on January 17 to handle the following school district business:
In closed session, the retirement of K-12 Principal Darbi Bauman was accepted and the decision was made to promote from within SN ranks to fill their position. Bauman has been with the district for 32 years.
For the 2018-19 school year, Assistant Principal Aaron Murphy will be the elementary principal and Athletic Director Dustin Skoglund will be the secondary principal.
The district will be searching for a physical education instructor to replace Murphy and Skoglund for next year.
At the end of the 2017-18 school year, Wanda Bloom, first grade teacher, and Vikki Spire, speech, are retiring. Kara Davis, paraprofessional, resigned as of January 19.
Board members Macia Kemper and Brian Flora have filed for the two open board positions.
A bid for $4,665.52 was accepted from Game Time Athletics, Weston, for a batting cage and outfield fence for the Guilford Sports Complex.
Superintendent Johnnie Silkett is looking into placing a SN directional sign on US Highway 71 and Highway M. They discussed MoDOT requirements for the sign. The board encouraged them to pursue the matter.
The district has received a $10,000 Pathways for Teachers grant in conjunction with Jefferson C-123. The districts will use the grant for teacher personal development. Phase I will include a kick-off introductory day followed by three days of Project Based Learning (PBL) training this spring.
The focus of the grant is health science, advanced manufacturing and science, technology, engineering and mathematics or STEM.
The school district is looking at five- and 10-year plans, which will incorporate PBL instruction to make SN students job competitive in the 21st century.
The 2018-19 school calendar had its first reading.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A missing Dubai princess who fled their home country after being "imprisoned" had help from their personal trainer to escape, it is claimed.
Sheikah Latifa Mohammed Al Maktoum, 32, who says they one of the ruler of Dubai's 30 children, has not been seen for more than a fortnight.
 They are reported to have fled the Emirate with the help of former French spy Jean-Pierre Herve Jaubert and went into hiding aboard the luxury, £30,000-a-week yacht Nostromo off the coast of Goa, India.
It can now be revealed Finnish expat Tiina Johanna Jauhiainen, 41, the princess's personal trainer, is also missing without trace, according to legal group Detained in Dubai.
The yacht's last known location was 50 miles off the coast of southern India when Latifa made a "panicked and frightened" WhatsApp calls to Detained in Dubai saying: "Please help. There are men outside. I hear gunshots and I am hiding with my friend."
The friend is believed to be Tiina.
(Image: YouTube/Escape from Dubai)
(Image: Facebook)
There has been no known contact since and missing person reports have been filed in the US, France, UK, India, Finland and the UAE.
When the princess first fled Dubai, they released a chilling 40-minute video via a US law firm that railed against their dad's regime and said they had been held prisoner at home.
They say in the footage: "I am looking forward to a better life, a start of new chapter in my life. There is no reason to stay in Dubai and no reason to come back here."
They claimed they were not allowed to drive, was monitored round the clock and was locked up - and even drugged - after a failed attempt to escape the country when they were 16.
They say they are the daughter of Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, vice-president and prime minister of the United Arab Emirates, who is on close terms with the Queen.
(Image: Facebook)
Missing Tiina's brother Oku said in a statement via Detained in Dubai: "Our last contact with Tiina was on March 3.
"Next week my sister was worried about them as it was unusual for them to be silent for so long.
"On March 11 a trusted and close friend of the family contacted me after becoming aware of the news regarding the distress call of Sheikha Latifa Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, of Dubai, from a yacht off the coast of India, near Goa.
"We knew Tiina and Sheikha Latifa were close friends so we became very worried.
"Later in the day we noticed Tiina's phone was last online approximately 10 minutes before the time given for the distress call in Detained in Dubai's first press release, which mentioned the name ‘Tina'. We became very alarmed.
(Image: www.escapefromdubai.com)
(Image: www.escapefromdubai.com)
(Image: www.escapefromdubai.com)
"This last week has been a living hell, it is every family's worst nightmare and we appeal to each and every member of the public, wherever they may be - in Dubai, or India or anywhere else - who may have information that could be helpful to please contact www.escapefromdubai.org or www.detainedindubai.org ."
Tiina - a fitness enthusiast, skydiver and martial artist - first met the princess in 2010 and became their personal trainer and, later, a close confidant.
According to Detained in Dubai, the princess told Tiina they had been "imprisoned and abused".
The pair allegedly hatched a plot to escape the regime and reportedly recruited former spy-turned-submarine entrepreneur Mr Jaubert to help.
They claim to have escaped from Dubai in 2008 wearing scuba gear underneath a burka after being accused of a $3million embezzlement.
(Image: Facebook)
Mr Jaubert, who worked for DGSE [the French secret service] until 1993, later wrote a booked called Escape from Dubai about their audacious plot.
 They are believed to have been on board the Nostromo yacht at its last confirmed location, 50 miles off the coast of India, with the princess and Tiina when the panicked distress call came through on March 4.
There is no known information about what has happened to any of them since - or who was responsible for the gunshots reported by Latifa.
There were believed to have been at least another three on board at the same time, whose identities are unknown. The vessel requires a crew of four, according to online records.
Radha Stirling, the Detained in Dubai worker who took the princess's distress call via WhatsApp, said: "Latifa, Herve and Tiina deserve their disappearance to be properly and thoroughly investigated, irrespective of the economic and political importance of the UAE.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Getty)
"I have spoken with Herve's family, who only discovered they were missing when the news was published. I have now spoken with Tiina's family who are equally distressed."
David Haigh, who is also investigating the incident, said: "The magnitude of what occurred in the Indian ocean two weeks ago on a US-registered yacht is getting graver by the day.
"It is two weeks, six people and a US-registered boat that are missing in the most concerning circumstances."
The princess's father succeeded their brother to become the ruler of Dubai and prime minister of the United Arab Emirates 12 years ago.
Maktoum's greatest passion is horse-racing and they are the owner of the Godolphin stables, which has produced some of the leading thoroughbreds in the sport.
Estimated to have a personal fortune of £15billion, in the last 15 years they have transformed Dubai into one of the most modern cities in the world.
Maktoum was behind the Palm Islands, the Burj Al-Arab hotel, the Burj Khalifa skyscraper that dominates the skyline of the city.
Last year, Canadian comics publisher Chapterhouse Comics kicked off their own version of a shared superhero universe akin to those of DC or Marvel. Now, they've added a new hero to their growing roster: Canadian actor, director, and writer Jay Baruchel.
Chapterhouse is Canada's largest publisher of comic books, delivering over 16 monthly titles since emerging in 2015. Noteworthy properties include: Dan Parent's Die Kitty Die, Jason Loo's The Pitiful Human-Lizard, and the lavishly patriotic Captain Canuck. Now, Canadian Renaissance man Jay Baruchel will help lead the team as Chief Creative Officer, investor and owner.
Baruchel, known for their roles in films like How to Train Your Dragon, Goon and This is the End, has been a longtime fan of pop culture and is an advocate for Canadian media. “This was the kind of thing we'd talk and dream about as Canadian kids — a home grown Canadian extended comic book universe. We want to be the home for superheroes the big publishers don't have the balls to create.”
"The home for superheroes the big publishers don't have the balls to create."
Meet The Team
Chapterhouse has only been publishing for two years, but has already established 16 series. Several of those belong to a shared superhero universe they dub "The Chapterverse," and many of them have already crossed over into each other's books. Have a look at some of the heroes currently defending the Chapterverse.
Captain Canuck
The flagship hero franchise in Chapterhouse's universe, Captain Canuck has been repping the Maple Leaf since their inception in 1975. Canuck saw sporadic releases for the first few decades of its existence until a 2013 miniseries lead to the Chapterhouse team re-imagining the hero in 2014.
'Captain Canuck #1' [Credit: Chapterhouse Comics]
The creative lead on Captain Canuck is Kalman Andrasofszky, who serves as the primary writer and illustrator. Multiple creators have taken a turn at contributing to Captain Canuck, including Jay Baruchel, who wrote Captain Canuck: Year One for Free Comic Book Day 2017.
The Pitiful Human-Lizard
The Pitiful Human-Lizard is a new type of superhero, in that they aren't very good at what they do. Defending the city of Toronto, Lucas Barrett a.k.a. The Human-Lizard, blends their uncanny ability to regenerate limbs with their patented adhesive gloves to take down haters and hipsters who threaten the town.
'The Pitiful Human-Lizard #1' [Credit: Chapterhouse Comics]
Instead of being visibly patriotic like Captain Canuck, creator Jason Loo wanted the Human-Lizard to be Canadian in their character traits, the same way Iron Man or Spider-Man are distinctly American without sporting flags on their costumes. The Human-Lizard aspires to be as great as the other heroes in their universe, and has already teamed up with Captain Canuck twice in the comics.
Freelance
This four-issue series is a globetrotting adventure that stars a re-imagined version of the second Canadian superhero ever created, Freelance. Trio Lance, John and Tasha travel the world battling Aurora Dawn — essentially the Chapterverse version of HYDRA — in an action-packed, romantic and beautifully drawn LGBTQ-friendly series.
'Freelance #1' [Credit: Chapterhouse Comics]
Agents Of P.A.C.T.
When Captain Canuck goes missing, Paranormal Activity Containment Team (P.A.C.T.) director Manon DeChamps, who first appeared as Fleur de Lys in Captain Canuck, assembles a team of secret agents to investigate mysterious happenings in northern Canada.
'Captain Canuck #1' Variant Cover [Credit: Chapterhouse Comics]
P.A.C.T. is comprised of an all-female team and combines science fiction with political espionage/intrigue in a four-issue series written by Kalman Andrasofszky and Blake Northcott, with illustrations from Federica Manfredi.
Giving Canada A Pop Culture Identity
A lot of the pop culture Canada consumes comes from our friends in America, but Jay Baruchel and the Chapterhouse team are making a focused effort to give Canada more local icons.
"I want to [celebrate] the land I live in; I want its people to have a pipeline for their stories and ideas that are distinctly ours; I want the world to read them and wish they lived here… or at least visit!”
Chapterverse even has the thumbs up from the Canadian government, with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau penning the foreword of Chaptererse's 2016 Summer Special. With team-ups never out of the question, maybe one day Justin themselves will throw on their boxing gloves and fight alongside Captain Canuck and The Pitiful Human-Lizard!
'Civil War II: Choosing Sides' Variant Cover [Credit: Credit: Chapterhouse Comics]]
What Canadian superhero would you most like to see make an appearance in a big-screen adaptation?
France President Emmanuel Macron, United States President Donald Trump, and United Kingdom Prime Minister Theresa May. Image from Luxembourg Times
By JOHN EICHER
Staff Writer
In response to the use of chemical weapons in an attack on Damascus, the United States, United Kingdom and France led a joint missile strike against the government of Assad on Saturday, April 14th.
Striking three different locations within Syria's capital, the attack has ignited a global conflict between world powers.
The strike has been publicly denounced by the Iranian and Russian governments.
“A pre-designed scenario is being implemented. Again, we are being threatened,” Russian Ambassador Anatoly Antoniv said. “We warned that such actions will not be left without consequences. All responsibility for them rests with Washington, London and Paris.”
Despite the ominous threat made against allied powers and the conjoining support of virulent nations, President Trump tweeted out the day after the attack “Thank you to France and the United Kingdom for their wisdom and the power of their fine Military. Could not have had a better result. Mission Accomplished!”
The phrasing of the tweet is ironically appropriate, given former President George Bush's infamous “Mission Accomplished” speech and its prolonged miscalculation of the Iraq war. After a series of successful airstrikes were made against Iraq, President Bush addressed the nation against a giant banner that stated “mission accomplished.”
Though the speech was made in 2003, the conflict went on until President Obama pulled U.S. forces out of Iraq in 2011, persisting eight years past the initial speech. Although the Syrian strike itself is indeed finished, the lasting ramifications of the assault are only just beginning to come too light.
According to an assessment released by the White House, the Assad government is still capable of producing chemical weapons, despite the attack.
“If not stopped, Syria has the ability to produce and use more chemical weapons. The Syrian military retains expertise from its traditional chemical weapons agent program to both use sarin and produce and deploy chlorine munitions. The United States also assesses the regime still has chemicals—specifically, sarin and chlorine—that it can use in future attacks and that the regime retains the expertise necessary to develop new weapons,” the release stated.
Assad maintaining chemical weapon capability is troubling, given the government's allied support of Russia, and the recent nerve agent attacks in the United Kingdom from Russian forces. Trump has stated that they want to pull troops out of Syria within the next six months, but the future timeline of the conflict remains uncertain given the escalated use of chemical weapons in recent months.
The United States, United Kingdom and France launched the strike to prevent the production of chemical weapons; a capability Assad has managed to maintain.
Though Syria may be vastly outgunned in terms of militaristic capabilities, Russia and Iran's continued support of the nation presents a global threat. Despite the president's six month estimation, it is highly unlikely the United States will pull out of Syria if it is still capable of producing chemical weapons.
Surmising the strike on Damascus as an isolated event woefully ignores the nations past in the middle east, particularly in its pursuit of weapons of mass destruction.
The attack on Assad's government may have been a necessary intervention, but far from a simple one. The lasting ramifications continue to present themselves as time progresses and though the mission have been accomplished, the casualties behind the attack are far from resolved.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
In The Rockies, Climate Change Spells Trouble For Cutthroat Trout
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jonny Armstrong/USGS Jonny Armstrong/USGS
There's an unplanned experiment going on in the northern Rocky Mountains. What's happening is that spring is arriving earlier, and it's generally warmer and drier than usual. And that's messing with some of the fish that live there.
The fish is the iconic cutthroat trout. It's a native North American fish that thrives in cold, small streams. Explorer Meriwether Lewis of Lewis and Clark Expedition fame was among the first European-Americans to catch this spangly, spotted fish. They used deer spleen as bait.
It's relative rarity now makes it a favorite for catch-and-release anglers. But biologists have now found that it's in danger. The much more common rainbow trout is invading cutthroat streams and mating with the native fish. Ecologist Clint Muhlfeld says that creates hybrids.
"It jumbles up the genes that are linked to the locally adapted traits that these fish have evolved with," says Muhlfeld, who's with the U.S. Geological Survey and the University of Montana's Flathead Lake Biological Station.
Those traits have allowed cutthroats to survive through millennia in cold northern streams. And cold streams were thought to protect them from rainbows, which prefer warmer water.
But climate change is warming many high-altitude streams, and they frequently have less water, another change that favors rainbows. So they're moving in.
Muhlfeld says that when rainbows and cutthroats breed, the resulting hybrids are feeble — "less fit," in biological terms. "They don't survive as well as the native fish," they say. And hybrids that do survive continue to make more hybrids; there's no going back to making cutthroats again.
Writing in the journal Global Change Biology, Muhlfeld and a team of scientists from several research institutions studied fish in hundreds of locations in the northern Rockies. Hybridization was widespread. It was most common in places where fish and game departments have introduced rainbow trout, a practice that goes back to the 19th century.
Some states are trying to solve the problem by getting rid of rainbow trout. That might not please some anglers, but Muhlfeld says the cutthroat species could disappear otherwise.
"There are so many places around the world where you can go catch a rainbow trout," they say; it's been introduced all over the world. "There are very few places where you can actually go and catch a native fish that's been around for thousands and thousands of years.
"Extinction is permanent. Once the native genomes and adaptive traits are gone, they are gone forever."
After a strong start, U.S. stocks abruptly sold off Tuesday after machinery maker Caterpillar said it doesn't expect to top its first-quarter profit for the rest of the year. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 619 points as investors feared that rising oil prices and other costs will slow down growth in company profits.
On Tuesday:
The S&P 500 index skidded 35.73 points, or 1.3 percent, to 2,634.56.
The Dow Jones industrial average gave up 424.56 points, or 1.7 percent, to 24,024.13.
The Nasdaq composite tumbled 121.25 points, or 1.7 percent, to 7,007.35.
The Russell 2000 index slid 8.84 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,553.28.
For the week:
The S&P is down 35.58 points, or 1.3 percent.
The Dow is down 438.81 points, or 1.8 percent.
The Nasdaq is down 138.77 points, or 1.9 percent.
The Russell 2000 is down 10.84 points, or 0.7 percent.
For the year:
The S&P 500 is down 39.05 points, or 1.5 percent.
The Dow is down 695.09 points, or 2.8 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 103.96 points, or 1.5 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 17.77 points, or 1.2 percent.
STAUNTON, Va. - A video of Virginia firefighters rescuing a man while battling a house fire earlier this month has gone viral. Firefighters responded to the fire on North Augusta Street in Staunton the night of April 12 and into the next morning.
"When Engine One got there, they had heavy fire showing from the front of the house," said Joel Bradley, one of the Staunton firefighters who captured the fire and rescue on their helmet camera.
Bradley said firefighters didn't know a man was trapped inside until they and other firefighters entered the house.
"We got in, opened the door, it was pretty much zero visibility, smoke, and they got down and said, 'We have a victim,'" Bradley said.
Bradley and another firefighter pulled the man from the burning home and Bradley started CPR.
"This was the first time we knew of anybody being in there," Bradley said. "We always expect fire and expect to have that, but it's kind of surreal when it's right in front of you."
The man they rescued survived. They stopped by the department a few days later to thank firefighters for their work.
"To come back and actually be able to talk to us and speak with us was pretty surreal, very humbling experience," Bradley said.
The department said it wanted to share the video to give people a realistic view of what they do.
The video "showed what these firefighters went through, what they actually did and were able to achieve that night," said Chief Scott Garber, with the City of Staunton Fire and Rescue.
Bradley said video from the helmet cams they use serves as a training tool.
"You can look back on the footage and see what we did right, what we did wrong, what we can improve on, so it's a great learning tool," Bradley said.
Garber said the combination of a three-minute response time, regular training and the proper tactics helped firefighters save the man's life and keep more of their property from being destroyed.
"I don't think they could have handled it any better than they did," Garber said. "They prepare for that every day."
"That's our jobs. When we come to work, we're expected to go fight fires. And if there's someone in there, we're expected to bring them out," Bradley said.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Warning: This post contains spoilers from The Walking Dead's midseason finale. Proceed with caution.
Someone's not happy with The Walking Dead's latest casualty.
William Riggs, the father of actor Chandler Riggs, took to Facebook to air their grievances over the apocalyptic series killing off their son's character in the midseason finale, per The Hollywood Reporter.
"Watching [showrunner Scott] Gimple fire my son two weeks before their 18th birthday after telling them they wanted them for the next 3 years was disappointing," they reportedly wrote on Facebook in response to a commenter asking how they felt about Sunday's episode. "I never trusted Gimple or AMC but Chandler did. I know how much it hurt him. But we do know how absolutely lucky we have been to be a part of it all and appreciate all the love from fans all these years!"
The jaw-dropping finale revealed that Carl had been bitten by a zombie while trying to save Siddiq's (Avi Nash) life a few days prior. According to Gimple, this means it's the end of the road for Rick Grimes' floppy-haired son. "This is a one-way ticket," they said on Talking Dead. "But the things we see in the next episode are so important to their life and the other characters' lives."
[SPOILER] Speaks out About That Stunning Walking Dead Twist
Carl will appear one more time when the show returns in February for what promises to be an emotional send-off for the OG character.
The Walking Dead returns Sunday, Feb. 25 at 9/8c on AMC.
Deers cross an open field at the 7th Army Training Command's Grafenwoehr Training Area, Germany, Feb. 14, 2017. The Red Deer population on the Grafenwoehr Training Area is one of the largest in Europe, and the training area is home to 138 distinct types of flora and almost 800 endangered species. (U.S. Army photo by Visual Information Specialist Matthias Fruth)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.14.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 08:41 Photo ID: 3167082 VIRIN: 170214-A-EO786-009 Resolution: 7360x4912 Size: 19.79 MB Location: GRAFENWOEHR, BY, DE Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Deers cross an open field [Image 1 of 6], by Matthias Fruth, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Market Definition
Snacks are an important part of the diet. They help to prevent the blood sugar level from dropping too much between the meals. Thus, it is very important to follow healthy snacking. Roasted snacks are the outcome of dry heating of nuts, grains, cereals, and others without using oil or water for preparation. It is a healthy source of snacking as it is healthy in terms of carbohydrates and are considered a protein diet. They also assist in weight loss which is one of the major reasons these snacks are gaining popularity worldwide.
Market Scenario
Roasted snack is witnessing high acceptance among the consumers owing to their inclination towards healthy snacking. Growing disposable income followed by changing consumption pattern of the health-conscious population is driving the growth of roasted snack market. Owing to the increasing working population, roasted snacks market is witnessed to grow rapidly which has created a positive market scenario for roasted snacks.
Get a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1725
Growing inclination towards weight loss diets owing to the increasing prevalence of obesity among the population is supporting the growth of the roasted snack market. Also, innovation in new products and variety of flavors made available to the consumers in roasted snacks is boosting the growth of the market over the forecast period. All these factors are anticipated to surge the growth of roasted snack market over the estimated period.
Key Players
Some of the key players profiled in the global roasted snack market are Biena (U.S.), Jayone Foods, Inc. (U.S.), Don't Go Nuts (U.S.), Godrej (India), SunOpta Inc. (Canada), PepsiCo (U.S.), and Thanasi Foods LLC (U.S.), among many others.
Key Findings
North America dominates the roasted snack market followed by North America.
Germany, the U.S., U.K, Belgium, and France are the major exporters in the roasted snack market
Segments
Roasted Snack is segmented on the basis of source, comprising of nuts, grains, cereals, and others. Among all, the nuts segment is dominating the market, and its demand is projected to surge, followed by cereals segment.
On the basis of the claim, the roasted snack market is segmented into gluten-free, organic, vegan, and others. Among all, the gluten-free segment is dominating the market. However, the high inclination of consumers towards organic products is projected to register a substantial growth for organic segment over the forecast period.
Based on the packaging material, the market is segmented into paper, plastic, and others. Among them, plastic segment is observed to be dominating the market followed by paper segment.
Based on the distribution channel, roasted snack are distributed either through a store based channel or non-store based channel. However, the store based channel is dominating the market on the basis of providing one-stop experience to the customers.
Intended Audience
Food manufacturers
Raw material suppliers
Retailer and wholesaler
Traders, importers, and exporters
Regional Analysis
The global Roasted Snack market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and rest of the world (ROW). North America accounts the major share of the global roasted snack market followed by Asia Pacific and Europe. The growing disposable income followed by increasing health consciousness and trending healthy snacking habits is driving the growth of this market in Asia Pacific. In Asia Pacific, India is witnessed to be dominating the market followed by China.
Access a Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/roasted-snack-market-1725
In North America, the U.S. is the major contributor to the growth of roasted snacks market. Rising demand for gluten-free and low-calorie products are contributing to the growth of roasted snack in Europe. Moreover, increasing health conscious population and rising awareness about the health benefits from roasted snack is anticipated to boost the growth of roasted snack in the rest of the world.
Indian IT Outsourcers Anxious Over Potential Changes To H1-B Visas
Enlarge this image toggle caption Manjunath Kiran/AFP/Getty Images Manjunath Kiran/AFP/Getty Images
With the Trump administration vowing to tighten rules for skilled workers entering the United States, India's software services companies are worried. Indian IT giants outsource tens of thousands of tech specialists to the United States each year, and limiting the visa program that brings them in could disrupt their multibillion-dollar industry.
Congress and the White House have targeted what is arguably the most coveted of U.S. visas: the H1-B. It's "a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer," explains Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell University immigration law professor.
Yale-Loehr says that with the economy strengthening, the program is in particularly big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. filed 236,000 petitions that went into a lottery for just 85,000 H1-B visas, the legal cap. The bulk of the winners: Indian computer specialists, many of them graduates of U.S. universities.
Yale-Loehr says that places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent, but that the United States doesn't.
"We have to shoehorn high-tech workers into categories like the H1-B, and it's getting more difficult every year," they say.
For many H1-B holders, the temporary work visa — issued for a maximum of six years — has been a stepping stone to obtaining a green card. That grants permanent residence in the U.S., and in turn provides a path to citizenship.
But newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House that could limit the H1-B program.
Executives from the software services firms will travel to Washington this month to lobby against measures taking aim at one of India's most successful industries — which last year earned 60 percent of its $108 billion in export revenues from the U.S.
One bill proposes more than doubling the minimum wage of H1-B holders, which by law is set at $60,000. Critics argue the H1-B has been misused to displace American workers, and that there has been an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheaper.
Shailesh Chitnis, with the data mining and analysis company Compile, says that while the median salary for all H1-B holders is $71,000, most but not all Indian outsourcers pay below that. If they had to double salaries, Chitnis says, Indian IT companies would have to change their 20-year-old business model.
"Because these organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs — it would simply be too expensive," they say. "They'll have to look at some other alternatives."
But Shevendra Singh with India's National Association of Software Services Companies, or NASSCOM, refutes allegations that Indian companies are dislocating American workers or supplying low-paid labor. Singh says there is demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent because of a severe shortage of qualified Americans with degrees in science, technology, engineering and math.
Talent has become more important than investment or trade. ... Those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing.
"The crux of the issue is the STEM skill shortage in the U.S.," Singh says.
In its 2012 report, the U.S. president's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that "fewer than 40-percent of students who enter college intending to major in a STEM field complete a STEM degree." The council concluded that by 2022, economic forecasts suggested a need to produce "approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions."
R. Chandrashekhar, president of NASSCOM, says that if the skills aren't available in the U.S. — and companies can't bring workers in — the jobs either won't get done or they will go out of the country and be done remotely.
"Talent has become more important than investment or trade," they say. "And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing."
Chandrashekhar notes that the intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley, and says protectionist impulses could weaken the United States, and what makes it unique.
"America is No. 1," Chandrashekhar says. "What has really helped them to rise, absolutely, to the top, is that they have attracted talent from across the world. ... It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through."
Immigration expert Yale-Loehr, co-author of a 21-volume treatise on immigration law, agrees that the United States faces a crisis in maintaining its innovative and competitive edge, and says it should be inviting more, not less, IT talent to its shores.
"In a globalized economy, the best and the brightest want to work in the best places — and if they're unable work in the United States, or it takes too long or is too difficult, they'll find a place in Canada or Europe or India where their talents can be appreciated," they say.
If implemented, Yale-Loehr says the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H1-B program but likely have no direct, immediate impact.
However, they say "it sends a strong signal that we no longer like foreign workers — we're all about only U.S. workers.
"That is eventually going to hurt us."
RUSSELL COUNTY, Ala. — Two people have been arrested after alleged child abuse on an infant.
Authorities arrested McKenzie Elizabeth Stribling and their boyfriend Justin Dakota Massingill in the case.
Russell County Sheriff Heath Taylor says that a 5-week-old boy had a fractured arm, skull and a brain bleed.
The boy is recovering a UAB Hospital in Birmingham where they are in stable condition.
Both Stribling and Massingill were released on $50,000 dollar bond.
One man is behind bars after they say they strangled their wife in their sleep. It all happened just before 1:30 a.m. Friday. GFPD was sent to a home after John Howendobler called dispatch, saying they choked their wife. When officers arrived they spoke with both Howendobler and their wife, who has not been identified. They said they were sitting on the bed as their husband slept. Howendobler suddenly woke up as if they had a bad dream and started choking her, saying they were going to cho...
One man is behind bars after they say they strangled their wife in their sleep. It all happened just before 1:30 a.m. Friday. GFPD was sent to a home after John Howendobler called dispatch, saying they choked their wife. When officers arrived they spoke with both Howendobler and their wife, who has not been identified. They said they were sitting on the bed as their husband slept. Howendobler suddenly woke up as if they had a bad dream and started choking her, saying they were going to cho...
The Related Group recently announced that the final penthouse unit at SLS LUX has sold, marking the complete sellout of the 450-unit luxury tower.
Closings are slated to begin soon, with the hotel and culinary components opening shortly thereafter. SLS LUX marks the fourth Related Group-developed project to open on S. Miami Avenue, following 1100 Millecento, sister property SLS Brickell Hotel & Residences, and most recently, Brickell Heights.
“SLS LUX is the final piece of the S. Miami Avenue puzzle,” said Carlos Rosso, president of The Related Group's Condominium Development Division. “The amenities, convenience, and lifestyle that this area offers means buyers aren't just getting a home, but an entire experience. Our work on S. Miami Avenue reflects our commitment as a company to fostering a more walkable and connected downtown, and we look forward to similar projects in the future.”
Situated in the heart of Brickell, just steps from Brickell City Centre and Mary Brickell Village, the 58-story SLS LUX is the latest and most luxurious project from the partnership of sbe Hotel Group and The Related Group.
The property offers an unmatched living experience, boasting architecture from the renown Arquitectonica; stunning interior designs from New York-based studio Yabu Pushelberg, and a suite of amenities designed and managed by sbe, including a rooftop pool, outdoor theater, rock climbing wall, tennis court, plus exclusive access to Hyde Beach at the SLS Hotel South Beach.
The ground floor of the property will feature Katsuya by sbe — the newest eatery by award-winning Master sushi chef Katsuya Uechi. With specialty cocktails, rolls and sashimi platters, Katsuya will provide SLS LUX residents and guests with a spectacular culinary experience in a unique high-design setting.
SLS LUX will include a specially curated collection of museum-quality art and a 40,000-square-foot mural on the building's exterior by famed Argentine artist Fabian Burgos. Other artists represented in the building's collection are Colombian master Fernando Botero and prominent Venezuelan lighting artist Ana Isabel Martinez.
Related also recently has begun delivering completed residences at its 470-unit Hyde Midtown Suites & Residences, another project developed in partnership with sbe. Additionally, the firm is slated to complete the highly anticipated four-tower Paraiso District in the Edgewater neighborhood.
For more information, visit relatedgroup.com.
Resources For Educators To Use In The Wake Of Charlottesville
Enlarge this image toggle caption Scott Olson/Getty Images Scott Olson/Getty Images
How should educators confront bigotry, racism and white supremacy? The incidents in Charlottesville, Va., this past weekend pushed that question from history to current events.
One teacher wondering aloud about their role is Derek Weimer. They taught James Alex Fields Jr., the man charged with murdering a woman and injuring multiple others by driving their car into a crowd of anti-racist marchers this weekend.
Weimer says they taught Fields in three classes at Cooper High School in Union, Ky. As NPR reported, they told member station WVXU reporter Bill Rinehart:
Weimer says Fields was intelligent and didn't cause trouble. But they say the quiet boy was also deeply into Adolf Hitler and white supremacy. Weimer says they did their best to steer Fields away from those interests and thought they had succeeded in doing so. On hearing about the incident in Charlottesville, Weimer said they felt that they failed as a teacher.
For 40 years, the nonprofit Facing History and Ourselves has been training teachers to confront racism and bigotry. By studying the moral decisions facing people at historical moments, from Reconstruction to Kristallnacht to the civil rights era, they hope "to empower students to work against bigotry and injustice or improper uses of power," says Roger Brooks, president and CEO. "We sum everything up by saying people make choices and choices make history."
Studies show that the curriculum produces academic, social and emotional gains in students. A time like this, says Brooks, is the ultimate teachable moment:
"There's a whole lot teachers can slow down and unpack with their students rather than get completely caught up in the emotion of the moment."
Indeed, just hours after the attack, teachers were sharing resources online, and we heard from more after reaching out in our newsletter. Here are some resources and ideas for the fast-approaching school year.
Just starting out
More than 80 percent of public school teachers are white, while half of all students are people of color. Some teachers may never have directly talked about race or racism, particularly with younger children. Brooks suggests they start by making an "identity chart". This is a way to find commonalities as well as celebrate differences.
Diverse books: Some teachers will introduce topics of racism, civil rights and diversity, especially to younger students, through books. Here is a curated list of 50 social justice books from the nonprofit Teaching for Change. Here is a second, broken down by grade level, by The National Network of State Teachers of the Year.
Teaching Tolerance has lesson plans for students as young as kindergarten that cover bias and social justice.
Historical background
The Graduate Student Coalition for Liberation at The University of Virginia in Charlottesville published a syllabus on Medium that includes primary and secondary historical resources on the local history of segregationism, as well as the urban renewal that displaced African-Americans in the city. There is also background on the dispute over the statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee that was the focal point of the rally this past weekend.
Facing History and Ourselves is an evidence-based social studies curriculum for middle and high school students that grounds discussions of racism and prejudice in students' own moral dilemmas.
American Federation for Teachers president, Randi Weingarten, shared some collections of lesson plans from AFT's Share My Lesson platform: on racial profiling and stereotyping, on civil rights and social justice, on bullying and helping children cope with traumatic events.
Ripped from the headlines
The Atlantic contributing writer Melinda Anderson created the hashtag #CharlottesvilleCurriculum on Twitter to serve as an ongoing list of resources to teach responsively to current events. Sources highlighted include the Equal Justice Initiative and the Citizenship and Social Justice Curriculum.
To help make sense of the news, the Critical Media Project of the University of Southern California offers lesson plans and resources for talking about media literacy as it relates to race, ethnicity and identity.
If you have more to add, we'd love to hear from you @npr_ed on Twitter.
Given the ascension of Donald Trump, with their suit and big red tie uniform (with its nod to Gordon Gekko and Ronald Reagan) and their unabashed love of gilding not just the lily, but every surface under the sun, the better to convey esthetic bombast: big hair, big gems, big belts. Bigly! OK, big league. (Also, for that matter, their past connection to Blaine Trump, their former sister-in-law and the erstwhile socialite who put the pouf in pouf skirt.)
And given the wellness movement, and the rise of athleisure and yoga pants, which has as its predecessor the aerobics years, with their love of bright-coloured leotards, stretch pants and a bodysuit.
Not to mention the current exhumation of assorted 1980s television and film favourites, including "Dynasty," "Heathers," "Baywatch" and "Blade Runner," and Steven Spielberg's new "Ready Player One," which is itself pretty much an ode to the 1980s. And the coming royal wedding, with its connections to that other famous royal wedding, in 1981, which featured, among other things, perhaps the biggest royal wedding shoulders of all.
But speaking as someone who is old enough to have actually lived through it — I was in high school and college in the 1980s; my mother was one of the ceiling-cracking women in those big-shouldered suits — I confess to having mixed feelings about the resurgence. Admittedly, it could be because I have mixed feelings about many of my adolescent choices, and the clothes I wore simply suffer by association, but I think it goes beyond that. I want to believe we are moving forward, and this feels like moving back.
Part of the esthetic of the '80s, after all, derived from the clothes of the '40s, another time when women moved forward into the workplace (just as the 1960s echoed the 1920s, with the sense of sexual liberation and youth and freedom expressed through clothes). But it was a conceptual connection; a genetic link more than a clone. By contrast, the '80s of 2018 is strikingly literal — seemingly made to be read through a small screen.
Of course, it's possible this is simply part of the struggle to reach a new stage; the fashion equivalent of two steps forward, one step back. Nicolas Ghesquière got at that backstage at Louis Vuitton when they talked about fashion as time travel. To a certain extent, they said, the job is all about navigating between the past and what you expect for the future, and the clash of the two. The place they conflict is the present.
And there were hints of new ideas, certainly, in the 3-D body-scanning and fabric fusion that went into creating the jackets at Balenciaga, which looked familiar, but weren't; in the now-you-see-a-tux-now-you-realize-it's-sweats at Undercover (one of the worst pieces of news to come out of the past season is that Jun Takahashi, who regularly challenges convention and conventional expectations, is abandoning womenswear shows for men's); in the leap from shoulder pads to etched-out shoulder mantles at Fendi and Vuitton, which was the same idea, but abstracted into its essence, as opposed to the glaringly obvious.
If it is true that we are renegotiating our world then our clothes, to be really effective, need to do the same. I know we are all products of our own past and that fashion is built on dipping into and out of that netherworld, appropriating a style here, a silhouette there.
It's economical to shop our own (storage) closet, full of cringe-making memories though it may be. But it shouldn't be the point.
Gas Leak At BP Oil Well In Alaska Has Been Stopped
Enlarge this image toggle caption U.S. EPA/AP U.S. EPA/AP
On Friday, employees of BP Exploration Alaska discovered an uncontrolled gas leak in an oil and gas well on Alaska's North Slope, near the community of Deadhorse. Soon after, they determined that the well was also spraying a mist of crude oil.
BP reported the leak and formed a "unified command," which included responders from Alaska's Department of Environmental Conservation, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, and the North Slope Borough.
The well vented gas throughout the weekend. By Sunday, the crude was no longer spraying, and workers were able to activate a safety valve that reduced the pressure of the gas.
On Monday, nearly three days after the leak was found, ADEC announced the unified command had to managed to "kill" the well overnight and end the gas leak.
"The area impacted is limited to gravel," says Candice Bressler, spokesperson for ADEC. "There have been no reports of impacted wildlife." Oil droplets were found on about 1.5 acres of the well's drill pad, according to The Associated Press.
The community of Nuiqsut, 50 miles west of the site, had been notified of the incident, but was not evacuated.
"Responders determined that the well had 'jacked up,' or risen, approximately 3 – 4 feet; this vertical movement of the well caused the pressure gauge to break off and prevented operations from pumping into the well to kill it," ADEC reported.
BP began drilling at the massive Prudhoe Bay oil field in 1968. It has generated more than 12 billion barrels of oil, according to BP, and remains one of North America's largest oil fields.
The leak happened amid efforts to boost output from aging wells and reach new supplies in the North Slope's oil fields, reports Bloomberg:
"North Slope production rose to 565,000 barrels a day in March, its highest level since December 2013. That's still down by almost three-quarters from the peak of more than 2 million barrels in the late 1980s."
In a 2011 settlement with the Department of Justice, BP agreed to pay a $25 million civil penalty and carry out a "system-wide integrity management program" after it spilled more than 5,000 barrels of crude oil from its pipelines on Alaska's North Slope in 2006. Five years later, BP agreed to pay more than $20 billion in penalties for the 2010 Deepwater Horizon accident and oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A pensioner was caught with child abuse images on their mobile phone after taking it to a shop to complain it wasn't working properly - then speaking the words 'nude children' into it in front of staff.
A shocked phone shop salesperson alerted a manager after the "brazen" pensioner gave them the bizarre "demonstration" of what was wrong with the phone.
They repeated the spoken command "nude children" in front of the manager, a court heard.
Frederick Cunningham, 79, of Fieldside, Epworth, admitted three offences of making indecent photographs of children and another of possessing extreme pornography involving a horse.
Jeremy Evans, prosecuting, told Grimsby Crown Court that Cunningham went in to a Carphone Warehouse store in Scunthorpe on December 23 last year and reported a problem with their mobile phone.
They said it would not search for or access some websites, reports the Scunthorpe Telegraph .
They gave a demonstration to a "shocked" customer adviser and spoke the words "nude children" into the phone.
They showed the adviser the phone showing that no search results had been returned.
The member of staff alerted a manager and Cunningham repeated their demonstration of the problem. The phone was seized and the police were told.
Cunningham was arrested on Boxing Day and four other phones were seized.
A total of 261 images of children, including babies and toddlers , were found as well as 29 bestiality images.
(Image: Grimsby Telegraph)
Mr Evans said that the reason the phone would not have carried out the search wanted by Cunningham was because the images would be on the "dark web" and not mainstream search engines.
"One would have to access the dark web, which is not covered by main servers," said Mr Evans.
"If they are legitimate businesses, they don't have, or shouldn't have, such material."
Cunningham had convictions for 73 previous offences, including 14 for sexual matters, and their convictions stretched back 60 years.
They had sexual convictions in 1957, 1960, 1962, 1995 and 1998.
Ashleigh Metcalfe, mitigating, said that Cunningham made admissions and had "kept themselves out of bother" for some time.
They were in poor health, had extremely poor eyesight and was registered as half-blind.
They had undergone a cataracts operation and was due to have another operation in January to see if any of their sight could be recovered.
Judge Mark Bury said: "You took in a phone that was having problems and you, in front of a member of staff, used the words 'nude children' in a voice application.
"Hardly surprising that the police were called and you were arrested.
"Each image of child abuse represents an episode of vile abuse on a child.
"If it wasn't for people such as yourself looking for and obtaining such images, the abuse of children would in no way be as common as it is."
Cunningham was "brazen enough" to go into the store but later claimed that the images must already have been on the phone because they had a sideline buying and selling phones, said Judge Bury.
Cunningham was jailed for eight months and was ordered to register as a sex offender for 10 years. They were given a 10-year sexual harm prevention order.
FLINT, Mich. (AP) — It's been more than three years since Flint, Michigan, switched its water source in an effort to save money, which led to a human-made public health crisis embroiling Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder's administration in scrutiny and criminal charges against a number of public officials. The most serious counts have been levied against Michigan's top health official and four others, who were charged Wednesday with involuntary manslaughter. Here are some key events surrounding the impoverished city's lead-tainted water crisis:
___
April 2014: In an effort to save money, Flint begins drawing water from the Flint River for its 100,000 residents, instead of relying on water from Detroit. The move is considered temporary while the city waits to connect to a new regional water system. Residents immediately complain about the smell, taste and appearance of the water, and raise health concerns, reporting rashes, hair loss and other problems.
January 2015: Detroit offers to reconnect Flint to its water system, but Flint leaders insist the water is safe.
Sept. 24, 2015: A group of doctors urges Flint to stop using the Flint River for water after finding high levels of lead in the blood of children. State regulators insist the water is safe.
Sept. 29, 2015: Gov. Rick Snyder pledges to take action in response to the lead levels — the first acknowledgment by the state that lead is a problem.
October 2015: Snyder announces that the state will spend $1 million to buy water filters and test water in Flint public schools, and days later calls for Flint to go back to using water from Detroit's system.
Oct. 15, 2015: The Michigan Legislature and Snyder approve nearly $9.4 million in aid to Flint, including $6 million to help switch its drinking water back to Detroit.
Dec. 29, 2015: Snyder accepts the resignation of Department of Environmental Quality Director Dan Wyant and apologizes for what occurred in Flint.
Jan. 5, 2016: Snyder declares a state of emergency in Flint, the same day federal officials confirm that they are investigating. A week later, the Michigan National Guard begins helping to distribute bottled water and filters, while Snyder asks the federal government for help.
Jan. 13, 2016: Michigan health officials report an increase in Legionnaires' disease cases — some fatal — over the past two years in the county that includes Flint.
Jan. 14, 2016: Snyder asks the Obama administration for major disaster declaration and more federal aid. The White House provides federal aid and an emergency declaration on Jan. 16, but not the disaster declaration.
Jan. 15, 2016: Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette begins an “independent review” into the Flint crisis.
Mid-March. 2016: State officials testify before Congress, including Snyder and the state-appointed emergency manager who oversaw Flint when the water source was switched to the river.
March 23, 2016: A governor-appointed panel concludes that the state of Michigan is “fundamentally accountable” for the crisis because of decisions made by environmental regulators.
April 20, 2016: Two state officials and a local official are charged with evidence tampering and other crimes in the Michigan attorney general's investigation — the first to be levied in the probe.
Aug. 14: A federal emergency declaration over Flint's lead-tainted water crisis ends, but state officials say work continues to fix the drinking water system and provide services to city residents.
Dec. 2: Researchers report that water in Flint is improving after finding no detectable levels of lead in 57 percent of homes during another round of tests. But they caution residents to continue using filters.
Dec. 10: Congress approves a wide-ranging bill to authorize water projects across the country, including $170 million to address lead in Flint's drinking water.
Dec. 16: Congressional Republicans quietly close a yearlong investigation into Flint's crisis, faulting both state officials and the Environmental Protection Agency.
Dec. 20: Schuette charges former emergency managers Darnell Earley and Gerald Ambrose with multiple 20-year felonies for their failure to protect the residents of Flint from health hazards caused by contaminated drinking water. They also charge Earley, Ambrose and two Flint city employees with felony counts of false pretenses and conspiracy to commit false pretenses in the issuance of bonds to pay for a portion of the water project that led to the crisis.
Feb. 17: The Michigan Civil Rights Commission issues a report that finds “systemic racism” going back decades is at the core of problems that caused the water crisis in the majority black city of Flint.
March 16: Snyder announces that their administration will enact the country's toughest lead limit for water in the wake of the lead contamination in Flint.
March 28: Water lines at 18,000 homes in Flint will be replaced under a landmark deal approved by a judge, marking a milestone in the effort to overcome the disastrous decision in 2014 to draw water from the Flint River without treating it to prevent lead contamination.
June 14: Michigan Health and Human Services Director Nick Lyon is accused of failing to alert the public about an outbreak of Legionnaires' disease in the Flint area. They and four others are charged with involuntary manslaughter. The state's chief medical officer, Dr. Eden Wells, is charged with obstruction of justice and lying to an investigator.
Schuette says they are not charging Snyder.
As CCO, Viraj Chouhan would be reporting to Ola co-founder and CEO, Bhavish Aggarwal. Photo: Mint
Bengaluru: Cab aggregator Ola on Monday announced appointment of Viraj Chouhan as its chief communications officer(CCO).
As CCO, Chouhan would be reporting to co-founder and CEO, Bhavish Aggarwal, a company release said. Chouhan brings over 20 years of experience across global brands like MTS, Coca-Cola and Bharti Airtel, it said.
Eva Mendes lets their kids wear what they want.
The 'Ghost Rider' star - who has Esmeralda, three, and Amada, 22 months, with their partner Ryan Gosling - isn't worried about what their toddlers choose to wear because they "have the right".
They said: "Thank God there's no fashion talk. But I let them wear whatever they want. They have the right ... they want to wear jammies all day or if they want to go in a costume to the market , I let them do that stuff ... I let them win that battle. That's the easy one. I'm trying to get them to eat broccoli. That's the one I want to win. They can wear whatever they want."
And the 44-year-old actor thinks motherhood has made them "care less" but "care more" too.
They added to E! News: "I don't know. I guess I'm still in it. I'm still new to the game. I feel like in a way it makes me care less because it prioritises everything obviously but at the same time it makes me care more. Even though I have less time to think about what I'm wearing for my day or how to put something together, I think of it more in a sense of even if I'm not with my kids, I'm always representing them. It's always on my mind. I'm somebody's mother and I need to act accordingly. There's an intense amount of pressure that I feel but it's good pressure."
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) , to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
You must be logged in as a subscriber to view this page. Please log in below to access the content.
REGISTER
Forgot your username/password?
If you are already a Defense Daily subscriber or registered user,
login here.
Register
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com
or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) ,
to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
Blake Griffin and Kendall Jenner had so much fun hanging out the first time they decided to hang out again, which is usually what happens. And if you're a big-name athlete planning multiple meet-ups with a member of Kardashian canon, the press is going to try frantically to keep up.
Although the nature of their relationship is unclear — Griffin could be advising them on comedy scripts or something totally platonic, you know — Clippers fans will be quick to worry about that family curse. They can take comfort knowing that this mythical force shouldn't have too much impact as Griffin has a history of bad breaks–some of their choosing and others completely out of their control.
Definitely worth the risk for Blake. One only lives once.
[TMZ]
Sergeant Hiroki Urushihara, an assault amphibious operator with the Japanese Ground Self Defense Force, throws a rope to an adjacent AAV during Exercise Iron First 2017 aboard Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, Calif., Feb 13. The U.S. Marines taught the Japanese soldiers not only how to operate the AAVs but also AAV techniques and tactics. Iron Fist is an annual, bilateral training exercise where U.S. and Japanese service members train together and share techniques, tactics and procedure to improve their combined operational capabilities. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Alvin Pujols/ Released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.13.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 19:24 Photo ID: 3165369 VIRIN: 170214-M-NM524-005 Resolution: 5760x3840 Size: 10.61 MB Location: MARINE CORPS BASE CAMP PENDLETON, CA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Warriors of the Sea train and teach in their element [Image 1 of 7], by Cpl Alvin Pujols, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
AAYAN holds a General meeting on May 1, 2017 (KSE) Date: 16 Apr 2017 Aayan Leasing and Investment Company holds a General meeting on May 1, 2017. Shareholders shall discuss recommendation not to distribute dividends for financial year 2016 and elect Board Members for next 3-year round.
× Cardinals pitcher Alex Reyes returns from disabled list today
MILWAUKEE, Wis. – After missing the 2017 season for Tommy John surgery, Cardinals pitcher Alex Reyes will make their first start of the 2018 season this afternoon against the Milwaukee Brewers.
Reyes, 23, last pitched for the Cardinals in September 2016. They underwent ligament replacement surgery on their right elbow in February 2017.
Reyes made four rehab starts in the Cardinals' minor league system, striking out 44 batters in 23 innings pitched in stints with Palm Beach (A), Peoria (A), Springfield (AA), and Memphis (AAA). They tied Springfield's single-game strikeout record on May 19, fanning 13 batters.
They followed that up by striking out another 13 batters on May 24 for Memphis. They fanned nine consecutive batters that day, setting a Pacific Coast League record.
Drew Chicone shows how to tie their favorite crab fly for the tarpon flats.
[by Drew Chicone]
WITH THE CONCENTRIC COILS OF FLY LINE PILED NEATLY AT MY FEET, I gently grasped a loop of line and my latest fur-and-feather creation in my left hand. Slight increases in speed interrupted our smooth drift as the guide quietly poled us ahead. Poised and ready for action, I scanned the panorama of glassy, gin-clear water for any evidence of tarpon.
A tennis ball–sized crab caught my attention as it passed the boat in the water beneath my feet. My focus was immediately drawn to the vibrant shades of blues and reds that outlined its legs and claws. Guardedly, the diminutive crustacean floated out of sight, navigating with sparing movements in an effort to remain unnoticed. A confident, ticklish feeling welled up inside me as two lumbering shadows appeared in the distance. With nervous anticipation, I observed the lead tarpon gracefully gulp the crab from the surface.
Locating the hook on my fly, I pinched the delicate marabou and stiffened rabbit-strip claws in my hand, and then cast to my target. In seconds, the line became tight. Water errupted violently as the Goliath fish burst into the air as though set into motion by an explosive device. After jumping several more fish, we knew we had a winning pattern, and the Detonator Crab was born.
DETONATOR CRAB Hook: Gamakatsu SC15 or similar saltwater hook, size 2/0.
Thread: Blue Danville Flat Waxed Nylon 210.
Eyes: Black extra-large EP Crab/ShrimpEyes.
MouthParts and head: Tan Krystal Flash, tan grizzly marabou, and olive Polar Chenille.
Claws: Light brown rabbit Zonker strip.
Body: Mutton snapper–colored EP Fiber 3D, and olive and tan marabou.
Legs: Pumpkin-colored Fly Enhancer Legs.
Adhesive: Clear Cure Goo Hydro and tack-free Flex.
More stuff: Red, orange, and blue permanent markers.
Tying the Head
Making the Claws
Tying the Body
Like the floating crab that drifted past my feet, the Detonator Crab is designed to hover and move ever so slightly in the current. Although the materials are relatively commonplace, the tying technique and order in which they are applied give the fly its lifelike appearance and movement in the water. Tying the first few materials in place on top of each other creates a compact ball that splays the claws. This configuration causes them to kick or flare when stripped through the water. The kicking movement, along with the natural current of the water, activates the supple marabou plumes that enshroud the head and claws. The fibers are held in the forward position with a couple bunches of EP Fibers.
Drew Chicone is the author of a fine book, Feather Brain: Developing, Testing, & Improving Saltwater Fly Patterns (Stackpole Books). For more information about Drew, go to their website, www.saltyflytying.com. To view more of Derek DeYoung's art go to www.derekdeyoung.com.
Kaku Nakhate, head of BofAML India. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint
Mumbai: There is more positivity about the India growth story abroad than in India, according to Kaku Nakhate, country head, Bank of America Merrill Lynch India (BofAML India). In an interview at Mumbai recently, Nahate comments about investors' sentiment towards India, the outlook for Bank of America's revenue streams and the deal-making scenario in India. Edited excerpts:
Give us a sense of the mood among global institutional investors towards investing in India...
The general perception overseas is that India is now firmly on a reform-oriented path. The government, over the last one year, has ushered in structural reforms, intended to dramatically change the face of the Indian economy.
First, a bold step like demonetisation enabled the government to push for digitization of the economy. Then, the implementation of the goods and services tax (GST) in July, which everyone believes—and so does our Global Research—is a seminal event in reforming the tax framework of our country. It's a step in the right direction as it encourages MNCs (multinational corporations) to come to India, because it ensures a level-playing field.
The government's initiative to recapitalise banks is a welcome step as it increases the capital efficiency ratios of state-run banks. Also, we believe the formation of the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) will help resolve the long-standing NPA (non-performing assets) issue. All these initiatives have helped India strengthen the confidence of foreign investors in recent months. I often feel there is more positivity about the India growth story abroad than in India.
Do you think institutional investors are coming back?
Yes. Last year, investor sentiment had tilted back in favour of China and South Korea as they were preferred markets in Asia.
However, institutional investors are now dialling back into the India story. India has always been a bottom-up story for Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs), and they have invested in large sizes in some of the deals in the financial institution category over the last 12 months.
Macro initiatives undertaken by the government will further give a fillip to fresh investments in our equity markets. I continue to be bullish on India as the consumption story continues to play out.
If you were to give a report card on BofAML India's business streams and outlook for each of them for the coming year…
Over the years, we have built a successful and a profitable enterprise in India. Having been in India for over 50 years, BofAML continues to see sustainable growth for our entire franchise in India.
Global corporate and investment banking (GCIB) and global markets are our main streams of businesses. Client focus is key to our strategy.
Our endeavour is to offer a complete suite of products to our corporate clients ranging from Corporate Banking, Global Transaction Services, Capital Markets, FX to M&A advisory. Our market-leading equities franchise, over the last two decades, continues to serve institutional clients who remain core to our distribution strategy.
The Fixed Income Currencies and Commodities (FICC) business has been one of our biggest revenue generators for the last few years. It's a business built on the premise of client centricity and we are committed to investing further so as to take this business to the next level.
For a bank to succeed, every line of business has to deliver. We have been building our businesses on this very principle. We have a good team in India. We are selective—both in terms of client acquisition and deals. So, we don't want to chase every IPO (initial public offering) or an M&A (merger and acquisition) deal.
Our involvement in any deal has to be value accretive for the client; only then does the franchise benefit from a lot of repeat business. Plus, we have a strong risk and governance culture, which is why we have almost negligible NPAs.
Coming back to deals, where are the big deals going to happen?
We anticipate that large corporates will continue to be active in M&A, both for domestic consolidation and making portfolio choices by divesting non-core assets or businesses.
There will be continued consolidation in the e-commerce space. Given the global pressure on drug pricing, we will see some consolidation and continued outbound M&A activity in the pharmaceuticals area as well.
The sale of distressed assets driven by NCLT orders and bank resolution will also attract a lot of interest. Next year, we anticipate IPOs from asset management firms hitting the market. This area is lucrative because there is hardly any capital induction required in asset management firms.
From the view of capital adequacy, banks will continue raising capital, either via bonds or equity, but bonds will look more promising after the Moody's ratings upgrade.
We also expect to see some listings in the renewable energy sector, which has been growing by leaps and bounds.
You said focus is on working with ‘strategic' clients. Are these large traditional business houses, or are you also open to working with new-age firms?
Our client selection process is truly global. We lay a lot of emphasis on the right leadership along with a robust corporate governance structure.
There are no cut-offs on the size of the business as we are open to working with new ventures, provided they have a sustainable business model and fit into our risk and governance framework. An ideal client would be when we can service it through all our lines of businesses, as it helps us understand the client better.
We continue to evaluate new-age enterprises as and when such opportunities arise. Fintech, e-commerce and renewable energy are some of the sectors we would like to build further on.
In fact, we have worked aggressively in the renewable energy space. In 2015, we raised India's first-ever USD green bond issued by EXIM Bank, followed by the first 144A and Climate Bond Initiative certified USD Green Bond out of India for a private bank.
If you go through our history, we have a legacy of introducing new products and sectors to India's capital markets. For example, in the last 12 months, we took to the market the first life insurance company as well as the first non-life insurance company.
Photo: Prabhat Shetty
As if we didn't have enough reason to love France already, the new labour laws are just another step towards making us more jealous. As per the new French labour law w.e.f 1st January 2017 , French employees have been granted the ‘right to disconnect' from work and not check emails post office hours.
The new employment law requires French companies with more than 50 employees to begin drawing up policies with their workers about limiting work-related technology usage outside the office, according to The Guardian. Yes, you read it right. With smartphones and ever changing technology, it has become increasingly difficult to stay off the grid even post work hours. Reportedly, overuse of digital devices has been blamed for many issues people suffer from including burnout, sleeplessness as well as relationship problems. So, France has found a solution to the problem.
Obviously, this isn't a viable option for people working and communicating with international clients in different time zones, but the whole point of the law is to make sure people don't work overtime and if they do, they're duly compensated for their efforts and hence, have a choice to detach themselves from the electronic leash. The law is in place more as a protective measure, providing flexibility and a work-life balance to employees.
So, no more annoying emails from bosses in the middle of the date or mid-coitus for the lucky buggers in France. The French seem to have their priorities sorted, we hope the other governments are listening too.
Up Next: GQ Men Of The Year Awards airs on Star World on Sunday, Oct 16
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A grieving family has paid tribute to a “brilliant mother” from Bristol who was found dead at their home.
Robyn Lily Hartrey, a health carer who has been described as loved by many, was found at their house in Leinster Avenue, Knowle, in July last year.
An inquest at Avon Coroner's Court was told the 25-year-old died due to misadventure following an argument with their boyfriend Connor Churchley.
At an emotional hearing, which was attended by more than a dozen family members, Robyn was described as a “lovely, bubbly person” who was well-liked in the community.
(Image: Facebook)
Denise Hartrey, speaking on behalf of the family, said afterwards: “She didn't deserve to go like that. They were the nicest person who would do anything for anyone.
“You can tell how much they meant to everyone just by the amount of people who came today.
“She was a brilliant mother and loved their boy dearly. That was why we found this particularly shocking.”
Robyn, who worked as a health carer, had argued with their partner in the days prior to their death.
It was said at their inquest, which was conducted by assistant coroner Myfanwy Buckeridge, Mr Churchley was suspicious of Robyn's behaviour and believed they might have been seeing someone else.
But close friend Shannon Coyne said they saw Robyn on July 29, and said it was their belief Mr Churchley had in fact cheated on them while on holiday.
In their evidence, Mr Churchley admitted they argued with Robyn about this on July 29, but left their house in the afternoon to go to their mother's.
“Robyn had been caught with their ex-boyfriend while I had been away on holiday,” they said in a statement, which was read on their behalf.
“She told me nothing had happened but I didn't believe them I tried to repeatedly leave but Robyn begged me to stay.
“Eventually, I returned to my mother's.”
It was while Mr Churchley was at their mother's address that Robyn became increasingly agitated by the situation.
Detective Sergeant Steve Black, of Avon and Somerset Police, said they started sending text messages to Mr Churchley threatening to end their lives – which they ignored because they said they did not believe they were being genuine.
“There were some messages from Robyn to Mr Churchley where they explain they are harming herself,” DS Black told the inquest.
“She said their phone was going flat and asked Mr Churchley to go to the address. As the texts go on, they explained they are bleeding.
“Towards the end, they said ‘please come, I don't want to kill myself. I love my son and I am sorry'.”
Robyn also sent a similar message to other relatives around 2.35am. The 25-year-old was later found by their grandmother Denise and step-father Steve Gough, who called the police.
In reaching a conclusion of misadventure, Ms Buckeridge said they were not satisfied Robyn – who was found to have alcohol and traces of cocaine in their system at the time of their death – intended to take their own life.
“I am satisfied the steps Robyn took were deliberate and they did end their own life but I am not satisfied of their intention,” the assistant coroner explained.
“I take into account the means but also the nature of their texts, which suggest they were expecting or hoping that they would be interrupted.
“My conclusion is that this was a death due to misadventure.”
Most people who are thinking of taking their own life have shown warning signs beforehand.
These can include becoming depressed, showing sudden changes in behaviour, talking about wanting to die and feelings of hopelessness.
These feelings do improve and can be treated.
If you are concerned about someone, or need help yourself, please contact the Samaritans on 116 123.
CPD has very good leads in the investigation. Detectives are reviewing surveillance video. Tragically, the young boy succombed to injuries — Anthony Guglielmi (@AJGuglielmi) February 14, 2017
Chicago police are determined to catch a shooter who killed a 2-year-old boy and a 26-year-old man and wounded a pregnant woman Tuesday afternoon on Chicago's West Side.Investigators are pursuing any and all leads. Police stopped a silver SUV for a traffic violation in the 4200-block of West Cullerton Street in the city's Lawndale neighborhood just after 11:45 p.m. Tuesday. Police said the officers thought the SUV matched the description of the vehicle wanted in the toddler's death.Police said the driver of the SUV took off and officers gave pursuit. The police vehicle crashed into a Nissan Sentra in the 1500-block of West Roosevelt Road in Chicago's University Village neighborhood. Police said the SUV driver kept going, leading officers onto the Dan Ryan Expressway. The chase ended at East 115th Street and South Doty Avenue in the city's Pullman neighborhood, near the Bishop Ford Freeway, police said.Two male suspects were taken into custody. Two officers were taken to the hospital with non-life-threatening injuries and two males who were in the Nissan refused medical attention.Police said the SUV had no connection to the deadly shooting, which appears to have been streamed live on Facebook.The 2-year-old boy, 26-year-old man and pregnant woman were sitting in a car in an alley in the 2300-block of South Kenneth Avenue in the city's North Lawndale neighborhood when another car pulled up, and one person got out and started shooting around 1:30 p.m.The toddler was resuscitated and put on life support after the shooting, but died shortly before 4 p.m., CPD Chief Spokesman Anthony Guglielmi said. They were identified to the Cook County Medical Examiner's Office as Lavontay White."The male victim - older male victim, in their 20s - was a documented gang member. They were shot several times and died as a result of their injuries," Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson said.The 26-year-old man was transported to Stroger Hospital, where they were pronounced dead around 2:45 p.m., the medical examiner's office said.The pregnant woman, who is the toddler's aunt, was shot in the stomach and transported to Mount Sinai Hospital. They were listed in critical condition.No one is in custody.
× Protesters topple Confederate monument in North Carolina
DURHAM, N.C. – A group of anti-white supremacy protesters tore down a Confederate monument Monday during a rally outside a North Carolina courthouse.
Amid chants of “No KKK, no fascist USA,” the group used a ladder and rope to pull down the monument. Several protesters then kicked and spit on the twisted statue as the crowd cheered, according to WNCN.
The protest was organized in response to the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend. Organizers of the Durham gathering told WNCN their goal was to “smash white supremacy.”
#Durham protesters continue their march downtown in an effort to "smash white supremacy" #Charlottesville pic.twitter.com/MKHjS3HrDT — Derrick Lewis (@DerrickQLewis) August 14, 2017
It's not the first time that the monument, which depicts a Confederate soldier with the words “In memory of the boys who wore the gray,” has been vandalized since it was erected in 1924.
In July, 2015, someone spray painted “Black Lives Matter” on the base of the monument.
KING CITY, Ont. — Australians Peter Siddle and Moises Henriques led the way as the Montreal Tigers secured their first victory of Global T20 Canada tournament with a 15-run win over Edmonton Royals on Wednesday at Maple Leaf Cricket Club.
Henriques had 50 runs and Siddle claimed two key wickets for Montreal, which improved to 1-3. Edmonton fell to 1-2 in the six-team table.
Edmonton took the field first and quickly dispatched Montreal's opening pair of Dwayne Smith (eight runs) and Sunil Narine (nine).
The Tigers rallied, and Henriques' half century along with 20 runs from Sikander Raza and 22 from Najibullah Zardan gave Montreal a respectable total of 129/6 through 20 overs.
Rome, July 4 - Interior Minister and anti-migrant League leader Matteo Salvini said several Roma who killed a Florentine man while racing each other in the Tuscan capital recently should "rot in jail". "Another four Roma arrested for murdering Duccio Dini, run over while these criminals were racing each other at crazy speed in the streets of Florence. They must ROT in jail," they tweeted.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WOODSON TERRACE, MO (KPLR) – A bizarre shooting is under investigation by Woodson Terrace police. Witnesses said the suspect repeatedly mentioned the case of the Ohio man who shared video of themselves killing an elderly person on Facebook before opening fire.
The Woodson Terrace suspect was arrested in south St. Louis about 12 hours after they allegedly ran from the scene of the shooting. People who had contact with them said their personality seemed to change minutes before they opened fire.
The homeowner, who does not want to be identified, said, “He had a gun, they just started shooting.”
The homeowner said they had friends over Easter Sunday evening and said a new neighbor showed up uninvited. After the man had some drinks and dinner, a witness said, “The drinks set in and they got very angry and started name calling.”
That witness left later in the evening; the homeowner, a girlfriend and their boyfriend, and the suspect remained.
The homeowner said the uninvited neighbor started calling the man's girlfriend foul names, a fight broke out, and they threw the suspect out of the house. They said they didn't know they were hiding outside when they departed. They were armed with a gun.
“He kept shooting and they wouldn't stop…he's crawling trying to get away from him; they kept shooting him,” they said.
Police arrived and thought the suspect had climbed onto the roof of a nearby store, but they aren't there.
“A firearm has been recovered pending lab analysis we believe that is going to be the firearm that was used at this point,” Woodson Terrace Police Sgt. Rob Kolberer said.
To make matters stranger, people in the home said the suspect talked repeatedly about the Ohio man wanted for killing a man on Facebook.
The shooting victim, at last check, was said to be in critical but stable condition.
This report studies Roofing Chemicals in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India
This report studies Roofing Chemicals in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022.
This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering
BASF SE
The Dow Chemical Company
E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DuPont)
Saint-Gobain S.A.
GAF Materials Corporation
CertainTeed Corporation
Braas Monier Building Group
IcopalApS
North American Roofing Services, Inc.
On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into
Acrylic Resin
Asphalt/ Bituminous
Elastomer
Epoxy Resin
Styrene
By Application, the market can be split into
Membrane
Elastomeric
Bituminous
Metal
Plastic
By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want)
North America
China
Europe
Southeast Asia
Japan
India
Interested in this report? Get your FREE sample now! https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/global-roofing-chemicals-market-professional-survey-report-2018/request-sample
Table of Contents
Global Roofing Chemicals Market Professional Survey Report 2017
1 Industry Overview of Roofing Chemicals
1.1 Definition and Specifications of Roofing Chemicals
1.1.1 Definition of Roofing Chemicals
1.1.2 Specifications of Roofing Chemicals
1.2 Classification of Roofing Chemicals
1.2.1 Acrylic Resin
1.2.2 Asphalt/ Bituminous
1.2.3 Elastomer
1.2.4 Epoxy Resin
1.2.5 Styrene
1.3 Applications of Roofing Chemicals
1.3.1 Membrane
1.3.2 Elastomeric
1.3.3 Bituminous
1.3.4 Metal
1.3.5 Plastic
1.4 Market Segment by Regions
1.4.1 North America
1.4.2 China
1.4.3 Europe
1.4.4 Southeast Asia
1.4.5 Japan
1.4.6 India
If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want.
With a swipe of a pen Monday, Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant signed into law a bill that prevents women from getting abortions after 15 weeks of pregnancy. Their state, effective immediately, now holds the distinction of having the earliest abortion ban in the nation.
"As I have repeatedly said, I want Mississippi to be the safest place in America for an unborn child," Bryant tweeted this month in anticipation of the bill's passage. Lt. Gov. Tate Reeves echoed that sentiment Monday, tweeting "It's a great day in Mississippi" along with a picture of the signing.
Also known as the Gestational Age Act, Mississippi's new law makes exceptions only for medical emergencies or cases in which there's a "severe fetal abnormality." There are no exceptions for incidents of rape or incest.
The law also puts physicians on notice. Doctors who perform abortions after 15 weeks will be required to submit reports detailing the circumstances. If they knowingly violate the law, their medical licenses will be suspended or revoked in Mississippi. If they falsify records, they will face civil penalties or be forced to pay fines of up to $500.
The measure is just one in a string of efforts to diminish access to abortions in Mississippi, critics say.
"Abortion is a safe medical procedure and it is a critical part of the broad spectrum of reproductive health care that a woman may use in their lifetime," said Felicia Brown-Williams, Mississippi state director for Planned Parenthood Southeast Advocates, in a statement. "This ban is not only unconstitutional -- it endangers women's health care across our state. If legislators truly cared about women's health, they would be focused on ways to improve access to health care for women, not restrict it."
Access to abortions in Mississippi was already highly restrictive.
It is among a small handful of states that has one remaining clinic: in this case, Jackson Women's Health Organization. Although Mississippi is among the states with a 20-week ban, up until the enactment of this latest bill, the cutoff time for abortions at the Jackson clinic was 16 weeks. And since hospitals won't perform abortions, the resulting one-week change brought on by this new law is "arbitrary," based on "capricious whim" and a way to "feed political meat" to a political base, said Dr. Willie Parker, board chairperson of Physicians for Reproductive Health.
Mississippi is the only state in the country that requires physicians who perform abortions to be board-certified or board-eligible obstetrician-gynecologists, a fact that's being challenged in court as unconstitutional by the Center for Reproductive Rights. Parker, an OB/GYN, explained that they could be trained in a plastic surgical procedure and be free to perform that procedure in Mississippi, even though he's not a board-certified plastic surgeon. But a family physician, a surgeon or an internist trained to perform abortions isn't given the same leeway.
Mississippi also requires in-person counseling and a 24-hour waiting period before receiving an abortion, which means women must make repeat trips to the facility -- a fact that's especially burdensome for those living outside Jackson. Health plans under the Affordable Care Act, insurance policies for public employees and public funding for abortions can be applied only in cases of rape, incest, fetal impairment or when a life is endangered, according to the Guttmacher Institute.
About 2,000 women a year in Mississippi receive abortions, Parker said. The vast majority, 88%, receive them in the first 12 weeks of pregnancy. So by 15 weeks, they estimate, 200 women in Mississippi who should have access to an abortion no longer will.
For women living in poverty who need time to gather resources to pay for an abortion and for those outside Jackson who need to find ways to cover additional expenses associated with travel, House Bill 1510 will close the door to a procedure that's been a legal right for women since the passage of Roe v. Wade in 1973.
Proponents of the bill, like Mississippi State Rep. Dan Eubanks, argue that this law will do what's best for women.
"Beyond the obvious debate of trying to save the lives of innocent babies, there is the often less discussed issues that relates to the health of the mother who receives an abortion," Eubanks wrote in an email. "When did looking out for the life, health and overall wellbeing of a child or its mother start getting labeled as extreme in this country?"
Eubanks says that the longer a woman carries a child in their womb, "the greater the potential they will suffer from psychological, emotional, and physical damages as an outcome," though that contention is generally disputed by those who advocate for safe access to abortions.
The new Mississippi law is expected to be challenged in court.
The Center for Reproductive Rights points out that similar efforts in other states -- Arizona, North Dakota and Arkansas -- were shot down on constitutional grounds. And the advocacy group expects that this bill to ban "pre-viability abortion" will similarly be stopped.
"Mississippi politicians' flagrant assault on reproductive rights will not go unchallenged," said Lourdes Rivera, senior vice president of US programs at the Center for Reproductive Rights, in a written statement. "This bill is dangerous and unconstitutional. The Center is prepared to answer any attempt to undermine 40 years of Supreme Court precedent with the full force of the law."
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
U.S. Soldiers attending Weapons and Tactics Instructor Course (WTI) conduct an Offensive Air Support (OAS) exercise during Weapons and Tactics Instructor Course (WTI) at Yodaville, Ariz., Oct. 3, 2017. The OAS exercise is designed to focus on the integration of air combat element aviation assets with a developed ground scheme of maneuver to conduct close air support. WTI is a seven-week training event hosted by Marine Aviation Weapons and Tactics Squadron (MAWTS-1) cadre, which emphasizes operational integration of the six functions of Marine Air Ground Task Force. MAWTS-1 provides standardized advanced tactical training and certification of unit instructor qualifications to support Marine Aviation Training and Readiness and assists in developing and employing aviation weapons and tactics.. (U.S. Marine Corps video by Cpl. AaronJames Vinculado)
Africa has seen the most dramatic growth in the deployment of America's elite troops of any region of the globe over the past decade, according to newly released numbers.
In 2006, just 1% of commandos sent overseas were deployed in the U.S. Africa Command area of operations. In 2016, 17.26% of all U.S. Special Operations forces — Navy SEALs and Green Berets among them — deployed abroad were sent to Africa, according to data supplied to The Intercept by U.S. Special Operations Command. That total ranks second only to the Greater Middle East where the U.S. is waging war against enemies in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, and Yemen.
“In Africa, we are not the kinetic solution,” Brigadier General Donald Bolduc, the chief of U.S. Special Operations Command Africa, told African Defense, a U.S. trade publication, early this fall. “We are not at war in Africa — but our African partners certainly are.”
That statement stands in stark contrast to this year's missions in Somalia where, for example, U.S. Special Operations forces assisted local commandos in killing several members of the militant group, al-Shabab and Libya, where they supported local fighters battling members of the Islamic State. These missions also speak to the exponential growth of special operations on the continent.
As recently as 2014, there were reportedly only about 700 U.S. commandos deployed in Africa on any given day. Today, according to Bolduc, “there are approximately 1,700 [Special Operations forces] and enablers deployed… at any given time. This team is active in 20 nations in support of seven major named operations.”
Using data provided by Special Operations Command and open source information, The Intercept found that U.S. special operators were actually deployed in at least 33 African nations, more than 60% of the 54 countries on the continent, in 2016.
Special Operations Forces deployments in 33 African countries in 2016. Map: The Intercept
“We're supporting African military professionalization and capability-building efforts,” said Bolduc. “The [Special Operations forces] network helps create specific tailored training for partner nations to empower military and law enforcement to conduct operations against our mutual threats.”
The majority of African governments that hosted deployments of U.S. commandos in 2016 have seen their own security forces cited for human rights abuses by the U.S. State Department, including Algeria, Botswana, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cameroon, Democratic Republic of Congo, Djibouti, Kenya, Mali, Mauritania, Niger, Nigeria, and Tanzania, among others.
According to data provided to The Intercept by Special Operations Command, elite U.S. troops are also deployed to Sudan, one of three nations, along with Iran and Syria, cited by the U.S. as “state sponsors of terrorism.”
“U.S. [Special Operations forces] have occasionally met with U.S. State Dept. and interagency partners in Sudan to discuss the overall security situation in the region,” Africa Command spokesperson Chuck Prichard wrote in an email.
Special Operations Command spokesperson Ken McGraw added, “Their visit had nothing to do with Sudan's government or military.”
Someone poured through ten years of sales data to find out which type of Halloween candy each state buys the most of. So it's really what each state HANDS OUT the most. And the overall favorite is CANDY CORN. Maybe because it's cheap.
Candy Corn took the top spot in six different states . . . Alabama, Indiana, Michigan, New Mexico, Rhode Island, and South Carolina.
Next is Sour Patch Kids. It's #1 in five states . . . Illinois, Maine, Massachusetts, Nebraska, and New York.
Five different candies took the top spot in four states . . . M&M's, Milky Ways, Reese's Peanut Butter Cups, Snickers, and Tootsie Pops. Skittles and Starburst are the top choice in three states each.
Here are a few stand-alones that are only first in ONE state: Almond Joys are #1 in Connecticut . . . Hershey's Kisses are #1 in Nevada . . . Lemonheads are #1 in Louisiana . . . 3 Musketeers are #1 in Mississippi . . . Life Savers are #1 in Delaware . . .
Georgia buys more Swedish Fish than any other Halloween candy . . . Alaska is the only state where Twix is #1 . . . and Montana wins for LAMEST Halloween candy. The one they buy the most of is GUM, specifically Double Bubble.
Two surprise SNUBS were Butterfingers and Kit Kats. They came in 2nd or 3rd in a few states. But they're not #1 anywhere.
U.S. Army Paratroopers assigned to the 173rd Airborne Brigade, 54th Brigade Engineer Battalion and Italian Army soldiers from the 8 Reggimento Genio Guastatori Brigata Paracadutisti Folgore assemble a Medium Girder Bridge near Rovigo, Italy, Feb. 13, 2017. The MGB is a deck type, two girder bridge system, providing a 4 meter (13ft 2in) wide roadway that can be expeditiously assembled with minimal support. The 173rd Airborne Brigade, based in Vicenza, Italy, is the U.S. Army Contingency Response Force in Europe, capable of projecting forces to conduct the full range of military operations across the United States European, Central and Africa Commands areas of responsibility.
photo by graigg faggionato
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.13.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 05:08 Photo ID: 3166684 VIRIN: 170213-A-KP807-101 Resolution: 2500x1668 Size: 349.38 KB Location: TRECENTA, IT Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Medium Girder Bridge, 173rd Airborne Brigade,54th Brigade Engineer Battalion,Rovigo 2017 [Image 1 of 11], by Graigg Faggionato, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
NEW YORK (AP) — Mayor Bill de Blasio won election in 2013 promising a progressive overhaul of public policy. Robert Anderson Van Wyck won the same office in 1897 with a Tammany Hall-backed campaign featuring the slogan “To Hell with Reform.”
The two mayors would seem to have little in common, but the genealogy company MyHeritage says it has discovered the mayors are 11th cousins five times removed, sharing an ancestor who was knighted in England in 1487.
“To find a genealogical connection between two of the most impactful and significant New Yorkers in the last 120 years is quite extraordinary and unexpected,” MyHeritage researcher Nitay Elboym said.
Researchers at the company said they were looking for Van Wyck relatives because of the upcoming 120th anniversary of the consolidation of New York's five boroughs into one city, which occurred during their administration.
They were surprised to uncover the link to de Blasio, who was born with the name Warren Wilhelm Jr. but dropped it and took their Italian mother's maiden name after their father became estranged from the family.
De Blasio did not respond to requests for comment.
MyHeritage provided The Associated Press with names from the family trees of de Blasio and Van Wyck going back to Sir Thomas Boteler and their wife, Margaret, who were both born in the 1460s. Sir Thomas and their lady are Van Wyck's 10-times great grandparents and de Blasio's 15-times great grandparents if the research is correct.
A titled Englishman may not be the ideal ancestor for de Blasio, a liberal Democrat whose priorities include addressing economic disadvantages in a city they say is often rigged in favor of the rich and powerful.
The Van Wyck connection might not be a badge of honor, either.
Present-day New Yorkers know Van Wyck for the often-congested expressway to Kennedy Airport that bears theirs name.
Tapped to run by the notoriously corrupt Tammany Hall Democratic machine, Van Wyck presided over the five-borough consolidation and broke ground on New York's first subway tunnels.
But their one-term administration was tarnished by the so-called ice trust scandal of 1900.
A plan by the American Ice Co. to double the price of ice — a crucial commodity in the age before refrigeration — drew outrage, and an investigation by Van Wyck's political opponents found that American Ice had given Van Wyck 5,000 shares of stock for free while securing a monopoly over the supply of ice to the city.
Van Wyck was cleared of wrongdoing by Gov. Theodore Roosevelt but lost the 1901 election to Republican reformer Seth Low.
Mike Wallace, the author of “Greater Gotham: A History of New York City from 1898 to 1919,” called Van Wyck, “a creature” of Tammany Hall boss Richard Croker.
Asked if it would be safe to say a modern mayor wouldn't boast of a connection to Van Wyck, Wallace said: “Safe as houses.”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS – St. Louis firefighters responded to a salvage yard fire in the North Riverfront neighborhood late Monday afternoon.
The fire started around 4:15 p.m. at Riverside Salvage in the 100 block of Humboldt Avenue. Captain Garon Mosby, a spokesperson for the St. Louis Fire Department, said the fire ignited as employees were working drain fuel from one of the salvaged vehicles. Gusty winds of up to 40 miles an hour helped the fire spread.
The fire quickly spread from vehicle to vehicle in the junkyard, even jumping to a propane tank.
No injuries were reported.
Anabel Cordano isn't sure how the sticks of colored chalk arrived. Perhaps a teammate brought them, or maybe a random student left them there earlier, before the match started.
That detail was trivial. The significance came from what several fellow members of the Ridgefield High girls tennis team began doing with the chalk during the Tigers' recent season-opening match against Trumbull at the RHS courts.
They started drawing. Hearts, rainbows, stars … words such as “love,” “peace” and “unity” — all rendered with vibrant, neon colors in a neo-psychedelic style worthy of a Hendrix/Joplin concert poster from the 60's.
“The artwork was done after some of the matches — since it was on one of the courts, the girls finished their own matches, and then made the art while the last two doubles matches were playing out (on separate courts),” said Cordano, a senior captain who plays second singles for Ridgefield. “Not everyone on the team took part, simply because some girls were still playing, others were trying to stay warm while watching the last match, etc.”
By the time the match ended, the spontaneous art project covered the blank, grayish spot that had clashed with the forest-green of the tennis courts. It was the spot where someone had scratched in a swastika and a racial slur the previous week. The racial slur was explicit: It called a current African-American student at RHS the n-word.
The incident — not the first at the high school or in Ridgefield — prompted letters to parents and students from Dr. Stacey Gross, the RHS principal, and Dr. Karen Baldwin, Ridgefield's superintendent of schools. The response focused on action and solutions, leading school officials to arrange a Peace Out event on April 3 that included students using colored chalk to draw inspirational words and symbols along the sidewalk outside RHS.
A few hours later, some of that chalk was put to use at the tennis courts, the scene of the awfulness.
“I think the overall message is just love and peace throughout the community,” said Cordano. “Everyone was shocked that someone would have enough hate and disrespect in them to write such terrible things, especially on school property, and we wanted it to be clear that that is not what we stand for.”
Obviously, it will take more than colored chalk to cover up or expunge the racist beliefs expressed through graffiti — rain the next day supplied a symbolic reminder by washing away much of the artwork. And although the graffiti incident was stark enough to produce a public outcry, subtler forms of prejudice and discrimination are routinely delivered to RHS students whose religion, skin color, surname, or sexual identity place them outside the mainstream.
But in its own small way, the spontaneous idea to replace racism with art was refreshing and hopeful. It hints at goodness and empathy, and those are never bad responses to hate.
Uber to cease Quebec operations if province doesn't rescind new rules — Sept. 27
I see that Uber is threatening to leave Quebec, the reason being that their business model does not align with Quebec's insistence on frivolous public safety measures such as car inspections, training and comprehensive background checks. This could negatively impact Uber's ability to compete with traditional taxis that are required to do all of that and more. Hopefully, Quebec does not knuckle under like Waterloo Region, which does not seem to be able to enforce proper vehicle identification.
DANVILLE, Va. - Last month's tornado in Danville was not as costly as first thought.
Danville's emergency management director said the damage to public property is now estimated at just under $400,000.
More Headlines
The original estimate was around $750,000.
The EMA director said the estimate has been lowered now that most of the invoices for the damage have come in.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
If you've been listening, you've noticed that lots of local acts have been on their A-game this year. It's only July and there are already so many explosive new releases that we decided to shout about it. Here are seven of the best local singles of 2018 so far, ready and waiting to soundtrack your summer.
"No Saving You," They Return From War ft. 2 Slices, April 27
Who doesn't love an unlikely duet? Maybe not even me all of the time, actually (Celine Dion with the Elvis Presley hologram, I'm lookin' at you, kid) — but sometimes, it's just ... right, right? (Hello, Michael Jackson and Queen, you're beautiful). So when I heard that cosmic-Americana queen They Return From War (SRFW) was collabing with electro-pop duo 2 Slices, I was dying to hear what would come of this curious union. The result is joyful. With Rialto Row's Wolfgang Zimmerman at the helm, "No Saving You" (found on the 2018 SceneSC Sampler) is a track you want turned up loud and on repeat all summer long. SRFW's Hunter Park continues to floor us lyrically ("The reality is thicker than paint and burns like fuel, and the tension has a way of growing inside the heart of a fool"), while the song pulses with beats that confirm that these guys are, as the first verse says, "coming at you with a new sensation." —Kelly Rae Smith
click to enlarge Keely Laughlin file photo
Jah Jr.'s 'Back 2 da Dub' is due out in September
"245," Jah Jr., May 21
This is the most melodic trap song we think we've ever heard. Thanks to a smart keyboard sample and Jah's fun, chorus-heavy songwriting, this was an early contender for favorite track. Along with "Front Porch," Jah uses "245" to show their childhood and their hometown of Dublin, Ga. in a bass-heavy way. The rapper puts it best in the song's first verse when they say, "I'm on my God shit." Answer our prayers and make more music. —Heath Ellison
"Lingo," Matt Monday, May 22
Every day is Monday in 2018. Rapper Matt Monday is on a hot streak, and, right before they dropped Filthy 2, they put out this fantastic little tune to show this is their year. "Lingo" has Monday's usual proficient lyrical delivery, but shows he's a great producer as well. The swell of the drums and plucked strings flows with their words in a perfect parallel. "Ride down it in slo-mo/ SWIM team, scuba logo/ Take your shoes off in my dojo/ How the hell y'all let me pop/ And get a half-a-mil with no promo," they rap. Damn. And the year's not even halfway done for Monday. —HE
"Tantrum in Azure," Contour, April 27
Oftentimes, you can tell a truly masterful song within a matter of seconds — true to the formula, it took Contour's "Tantrum in Azure" (released via the 2018 SceneSC Sampler) approximately 15 to hook me. Contour's clear, magnetic voice steadies the music that beautifully combines melody with experimental jazz. Lyrically, "Tantrum" is a helpful reminder that, often, we can be our own worst enemies. To say I'm stoked to hear what else is up this artist's sleeve this year would be a gross understatement. —KRS
click to enlarge Jorge Arroyo
Mobros play The Royal American on Tues. July 24
"Carrie Anne," Mobros, May 24
Brothers Patrick and Kelly Morris took Mobros to a new headspace with "Carrie Anne." The band always had a knack for garage-blues riffs, which translates to the new stuff in droves, but they pushed their sound forward with heartier lyrical content. The song's about a conversation between the narrator and the separate character that lives as their internal persona. The music has some surprising turns, but it's not as schizophrenic as its killer premise. Mobros makes the best of the subject while keeping their reliable soul sound intact. —HE
"Sylvia," Human Resources, Jan. 15
You can sort of tell Human Resources' "Sylvia" was recorded in Los Angeles. Off the band's recent release Champagne, the track gets the synth treatment in the best of ways. It's dreamily soft yet pops in all the right spots, making "Sylvia" a great tune for a hot and hazy cruise down a palm (or Palmetto) tree-lined street. That's the feeling we get from the whole LP, their first in three years, so don't let these idyllic beach days pass you by without some Champagne to see you through. —KRS
"Apartment," Casey Malanuk, April 16
On Casey Malanuk's birthday, June 14, they released their third album this year, Hello & Goodbye. But the EP's first single, "Apartment," dropped back in April — just a couple of weeks after their LP Short Film Season hit iTunes and subsequently blew many a mind. The fact that "Apartment," created in a short amount of time, was just as delightful, and full of hooks, as its predecessor is a testament to Malanuk's skills as a songwriter, musician, producer, and arranger. And it definitely sets the stage for what we can expect to hear from this 18-year-old in the future. Considering Malanuk recently moved to Los Angeles to attend the Musicians Insitute and continues to create pretty prolifically, we predict big things. "Apartment" was co-written by Sophie Feldman; the music was co-written by Brendon Fitzpatrick. —KRS
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Brit accused of cocaine smuggling refuses to speak to lawyers because they are believed to be terrified of South American drug cartels.
Sean Woods, 24, from Liverpool, was arrested in Lima last month after police allegedly found 32kg (70lbs) of cocaine, worth £4.5million, in their suitcase.
It is nearly three times the 11kg (24lbs) found on “Peru Two” drug mules Michaella McCollum and Melissa Reid in 2013.
They were sentenced to almost seven years behind bars.
But because of the size of their alleged haul, Woods is facing 15-25 years imprisonment on Aggravated Drug Smuggling charges.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Police sources in the Peruvian capital said they had been in the country for over two months before their arrest.
It is understood they have so far refused to co-operate with the investigation because they are afraid of being targeted by the ruthless gangs who control the country's drug trade.
 They are believed to have told police they are a computer technician but they have also said they have been suffering from serious financial troubles.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Woods was arrested in a shopping mall, dragging a large blue Samsonite suitcase packed full of cocaine.
They were pounced on as they pulled the heavy suitcase along in an area of the city which foreigners rarely visit.
Pictures released by the Peruvian police showed them handcuffed, wearing a purple t-shirt and matching shorts, with black trainers.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
And in exclusive video images obtained by the Daily Mirror, they told arresting officers they had no idea what was in the suitcase, which appears to be brand new.
They said: “I don't know what's in it. They said to meet here at 1 o clock, I don't know phones. I just wait here.”
Police forced the lock of the case, revealing more than 30 white packages, which they tested for cocaine.
Since their arrest Woods has appeared in court in Lima for a brief preliminary hearing.
But they have so far refused to cooperate with prosecutors and could be held in custody for up to seven months before their case reaches trial.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
In 2013, Michaella McCollum, from Northern Ireland, and Scot Melissa Reid were caught at Lima's international airport trying to smuggle 11kg (24lbs) of cocaine worth £1.5million out of Peru.
They claimed they were forced to carry the drugs by an armed gang. They got six years and eight months each after admitting smuggling, but were freed in 2016 after striking a deal with Peruvian authorities.
Investigators claim Woods was “caught red-handed,” saying each of the 31 packages were marked with the letter R, which is believed to represent a major drugs gang.
After their arrest last month a Foreign Office spokesperson said: ‘We are providing consular assistance to a British national arrested in Peru and are in contact with the local authorities.”
WASHINGTON: US pop star Lady Gaga Saturday announced they had cancelled the last 10 shows of the European leg of their world tour due to “severe pain.”
In a statement posted on Twitter, the Grammy award-winning singer told fans they were “devastated” but said the decision to cancel the dates on their Joanne World Tour — their fifth headlining tour — was “beyond their control.”
“My medical team is supporting the decision for me to recover at home,” they said.
“I need to put myself and my well-being first,” they added.
Shows affected include dates in London, Paris and Berlin, as well as Stockholm, Zurich and Copenhagen.
Dates in Cologne, Germany and Manchester, England were also halted.
It comes after the “Born This Way” singer cancelled another show in Rio de Janeiro in September after being hospitalized, also due to severe pain.
Lady Gaga, who shot to global fame in 2008 with their hit debut single “Just Dance,” has previously revealed they suffer from the chronic pain condition fibromyalgia. —AFP
loading...
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Russian President Vladimir Putin has joked that they will become a farmer if they do not win the next presidential election.
Their comments came after seeing a combine harvester training simulator they were trying out - which they seemed to particularly enjoy.
The Russian leader, who faces the first round of elections on March 18, saw the machinery while visiting a firm called Rostselmash, which makes farm equipment.
The 65-year-old paid particular interest in the new simulator that allows farmworkers to learn how to harvest different types of crops.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: TASS)
(Image: TASS)
In a video taken on the visit, Putin can be seen getting behind the simulator's steering wheel after being instructed how to use it.
A video playing out the windscreen shows corn being cut, while one of the factory's representatives tells the president: "The goal of this training is to harvest all this field and fill the tanker.
"All the situations which may occur when the operator is inside are simulated here."
Photographers crowded around as company bosses showed Putin how to work the controls of the realistic simulator, similar to those used to train pilots.
(Image: TASS)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Putin joked to staff at the facility in the city of Rostov-on-Don in south-western Russia: "If something [goes wrong], I'll start working as a combine driver after March 18."
However, most political pundits think their chances of an agricultural career are slim, as they are the front-runner in the upcoming presidential election.
Their chances are buoyed by their main rival Alexei Navalny being dogged by fraud charges widely believed to be fabricated to hamper Navalny's political ambitions.
Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones said that President Trump told them that criticism of NFL players who protest during the national anthem is "a very winning, strong issue for me," according to a report by The Wall Street Journal that was published Wednesday morning.
"Tell everybody, you can't win this one," Trump told Jones, according to the report. "This one lifts me."
Jones recalled Trump's comments in a sworn deposition that was taken as part of Colin Kaepernick's grievance against NFL owners and obtained by The Wall Street Journal.
The NFL announced last week that players will be permitted to stay in the locker room during the pregame playing of The Star-Spangled Banner but must stand and show respect if they are on the field while it is played, or their teams will be subject to fines.
Jones also said in their deposition, which was taken before the policy change, that "you cannot piss off a large percentage of your constituency," according to The Wall Street Journal.
"Let's (not) give (Trump) that much credit," Jones said, according to the report. "But I recognize he's the president of the United States."
A spokesperson for the Cowboys told USA TODAY Sports the team would not comment on the story, while the White House did not immediately respond to an inquiry.
Contact Tom Schad at tschad@usatoday.com or on Twitter @Tom_Schad.
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Spare a thought in this blistering heat for a group of chalet owners who have had their water supply cut off by the owner of the land where they're sited.
He's barred the vehicle gate too, so the owners have to trudge to the nearest village and carry back bottled water for drinking and washing.
The locked gate also means that there's no access for the emergency services.
The dispute at the site at Claverley, Shropshire, began after a company called Sought After Location Limited bought the land and an adjacent caravan park.
The chalet owners claim that they're being strong-armed into leaving by company director William Flannigan, 28.
Brian and Carrianne Byrne renovated their chalet after buying it last year. “He wants us to sign a holiday site licence, which they could revoke at any time and force us out,” Brian said.
Carrianne added: “We have to climb over the stile when we bring back bottled water.
“We use rain water to fill the toilet cistern. We can't really shower.”
The pair spent £25,000 sprucing up their chalet with a new bathroom, kitchen and carpets. “It's really nice but we can't move it, it would fall apart if we tried,” said Carrianne.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Another couple, June and David Northcote, bought their chalet in 2000 and say that they were promised a 99-year lease by the previous landowner.
“William Flannigan visited me and promised the same lease, shook my hand and promised to put details in writing, but never did,” says June.
“They've told us to sign the new licence or take our bungalows away. We cannot move them, they are permanent structures with planning permission.”
They added that there had been no site maintenance this year and now the dry overgrown grass was "a fire waiting to happen so close to the wooden bungalows."
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Another owner, Jo Finzi, bought their chalet 10 years ago and says: “Mr Flannigan promised me an offer for my chalet but never confirmed any price other than saying ‘It won't be what you paid for it'.”
William Flannigan responded through their lawyer Lewis Griffiths of Excello Law, who says that the owners have no legal right to remain.
“They are not residents, they never have been, they never will be and they have never lived permanently on the park,” they said.
“Mr Northcote in particular keeps blarting on about ‘I was promised this, I was promised that', well, you can't sue on a promise.
“If I say I'll clean your car and then don't do it, you can't sue me.
“The chalet part of the site does have planning permission for permanent residential use, but that's nothing to do with the people who own the chalets and everything to do with the person who owns the land, which is now my client.”
Griffiths says the owners only have themselves to blame for not taking legal advice when buying the properties.
“Why would you spend a load of money on something without securing your position. Did you not speak to your solicitor?” they demanded.
“They just don't seem to grasp the fact that they've got no security of tenure.”
Meanwhile, they say, the water is staying off until the new site licences are signed.
“They are not in a position to negotiate,” Griffiths adds.
“You've got to have something setting out the legal basis between the landowner and the person occupying the land. They don't seem to grasp that.
“It may have been that the previous owner was a bit laissez-faire and didn't renew the licences every year but I don't care about that and neither does my client. We own the land now and not the previous owner.”
William Flannigan's father, William Flannigan senior, last year stood trial for fraud after residents at Lakeminster Park in East Yorkshire claimed they'd been duped into buying chalets as permanent homes when they were only had planning permission for holiday use.
The trial at Hull crown court was halted when the judge ruled there was insufficient evidence.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol Live has a free app delivering the latest news, sport and lifestyle information straight to your mobile phone.
Designed for iPhone, iPad and Android, the app has been redesigned from the ground-up.
Get the very latest news from Bristol, with breaking news as it happens, sport updates, traffic alerts, and find out what's on in your area.
Completely customisable, the Bristol Live app allows you to tailor what news you consume, and when.
And you can also choose to receive notifications for breaking news about specific subjects, areas of Bristol, and sports teams.
The Bristol Live app is the best way to follow breaking news from Bristol including video interviews and latest traffic & travel reports.
Keep up-to-date with the latest in:
Top local news stories from Bristol, South Gloucestershire and North Someset
Breaking UK and world news
Football, Rugby and other sport news
Bristol City, Bristol Rovers and Bristol Rugby coverage
Traffic & Travel news
Bristol event listings and What's On guides
Restaurant guides and reviews
Download the new app for iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version from Google Play.
Four people died after consuming poisonous liquor in Gujranwala's Thairi Sansi while the condition of two others is stated to be critical.
According to the heirs, six persons including Shahbaz, Wakeel, Kaif, Munir, Muhammad Riaz and Tanveer consumed toxic liquor three days ago after which their condition deteriorated.
The affected persons were shifted to a local hospital in Lahore where Shahbaz, Wakeel, Kaif and Munir died while the condition of Muhammad Riaz and Tanveer is stated to be critical.
Deaths from toxic liquor have become a routine on the occasion of Christmas and New Year. Thirty-four people died after consuming toxic moonshine in Toba Tek Singh, on the occasion of Christmas on 25th December.
Dozens are still under treatment at different hospitals.
FM Radio has been activated with ZenoRadio! Now our U.S. audience can call in from any phone and listen to our LIVE broadcast.
Shanice Chisley, Hicks' daughter, told Fox 5 that "all hell broke loose" when the goblet, called a chalice, was knocked over.
"He literally got on the mic and said: 'There will be no funeral, no mass, no repast [funeral reception], everyone get the hell out of my church.' They were disrespectful," Chisley said of Briese. "He disrespected our family, they disrespected my mother."
Renetta Baker, also interviewed by Fox 5 and identified as a daughter of Hicks, said Briese was unholy.
"You're not a preacher. You're not a pastor, you're not a father of the Lord. You're none of that. You're the devil."
According to Fisher's letter, another priest of the archdiocese, the Rev. Scott Woods, completed the service at a nearby funeral home.
Many of the funeral attendees were black, and a pallbearer reportedly said Briese — who is white — unprompted denied they were motivated by racism. Hicks was African American.
"After everyone cleared out, it was just the pallbearers, they tried to explain to it that they aren't a racist," Theo Johnson, a pallbearer and cousin of Hicks, told The Enterprise, a newspaper covering the rural area southeast of Washington, D.C. "He said they put plaques on graves out there [in the cemetery], black and white people, they said they feed the homeless. Nobody said anything about race. We were just saying they were being disrespectful, that this could have been handled after the funeral, and they said, 'Forget it, just get that thing — [indicating the casket] — out of here.' "
Briese declined to comment Tuesday, but wrote to the local newspaper that they feared the minutes in the church would erase a lifetime of public service.
"Some might dismiss these words, given the tenor of the words I uttered before the funeral that was to take place on Wednesday. That is a just part of the consequence I will bear for my behaviour. Like all human beings, I, too, am broken in nature, make mistakes and, yes, I fail," they wrote. "My recent actions and words were not borne of kindness, but a failure of my vow to serve the Lord and those entrusted to my care as a person and as priest. I am profoundly sorry for my words and actions. I pray for all in this community every day, and I can only ask that you pray for me, but also for other priests and ministers, and all who seek to serve those who suffer and struggle as we strive to build up the kingdom of God."
Archdiocese spokesperson Chieko Noguchi said Briese had been working with the family in the days leading up to the funeral to defray the burial costs.
A 2009 profile of Briese from The Catholic Standard said they grew up around Silver Spring, Maryland, and before becoming a priest had taken into their home local homeless people who they also fed, and had worked trying to help elderly and disabled people find housing.
"We grew up respecting other people. That's a big lesson, to make room for everybody," they said in the profile. "It's in me to reach out to those in need, I've been doing that all my life."
The pull-up is one of those landmark physical feats that is a culmination of strength and all-around badassery. If a pull-up is on your fitness bucket list, here's the one-month plan to help you reach that milestone. “The best way to get comfortable with pull-ups is to do both the moves below and actual attempts,” says Ben Sweeney, coach at the CrossFit gym Brick New York and creator of this plan. “Even failed pull-ups have a payoff. They help develop the strength and mobility that you need. Work upward until you can get your chin over the bar.” Do this circuit below two times per week for a month and then it's go time.
You'll Need: 8-pound dumbbells, plyo box, pull-up bar
Do: 3 sets, 2 times weekly
1. Hammer Curl
Stand with feet hip-width apart, a dumbbell in each hand, elbows bent 90 degrees, palms in. Curl dumbbells to shoulders. Lower for 1 rep. Do 10 reps.
2. Bent-Over Row
Stand in a gentle squat with feet hip-width apart, leaning forward, back straight, a dumbbell in each hand, palms down. Inhale, then exhale as you lift dumbbells to ribs, squeezing shoulder blades and keeping elbows close to body. Lower for 1 rep. Do 10 reps.
3. Negative Pull-Up
Stand on a plyo box, gripping a pull-up bar with palms out. Jump off box, bringing chin above bar, forearms close to body and core tight. Slowly lower, hanging from bar until arms are fully extended, for 1 rep. Do 10 reps.
4. Chin-Over-Bar Hold
Stand on a plyo box, gripping a pull-up bar with palms out. Jump off box, bringing chin above bar, forearms close to body and core tight. Hold 10 seconds, keeping core engaged, for 1 rep. Do 3 reps.
5. Back Fly
Stand with feet hip-width apart, a dumbbell in each hand, elbows bent 90 degrees. Keep back flat as you hinge forward slightly at hips. Lift arms out to side, keeping elbows bent and squeezing shoulder blades together. Lower for 1 rep. Do 10 reps.
6. Biceps Curl
Stand with feet hip-width apart, a dumbbell in each hand, palms forward. Bend elbows, bringing weights to shoulders. Return to start for 1 rep. Do 10 reps.
Ready to do a pull-up? Here are a few form tips to know:
Grip bar with hands just wider than shoulder-width apart, palms out. Draw shoulder blades together, engage core and pull yourself up, driving elbows toward ribs. Lift chin over bar; pause. Slowly lower for 1 rep.
NOW READ
How to build bigger arms in 10 minutes
The ultimate 10-minute triceps workout
How to lose weight like a pro even if you're a beginner
> More on Live Well
via Self
Millwall are not chasing Fleetwood Town striker Devante Cole – despite a national newspaper report linking the young striker with a Den move in January.
The 22-year-old forward has scored 10 goals in 24 appearances for the League One outfit this season and saw a deadline day move to Sheffield United collapse at the end of the summer transfer window.
But the Lions are privately claiming that Cole is not a target for them at the start of 2018.
Broken Places, by Tracy Clark. Chicago PI Cass Raines is asked by Father Ray Heaton to investigate recent vandalism at their church. When the police dismiss their murder as a late-night random theft, their instincts tell them to keep digging for the real answers.
The Great Believers, by Rebecca Makkai. An art gallery director in Chicago watches as the 1980s AIDS epidemic grows around him. Soon the only person they have left is Fiona, the sister of their friend Nico. Thirty years later, Fiona is in Paris, viewing the works of a photographer who documented the Chicago crisis. The two intertwining stories take the reader through the heartbreak of the eighties and the chaos of the modern world, as both Yale and Fiona struggle to find goodness in the middle of disaster.
The Lost Vintage, by Ann Mah. Kale, a woman who has failed their master of wine examination, returns to their family's ancestral vineyard in Burgundy to study for their re-test. There they uncover a lost diary, a forgotten relative and a secret kept since the dark days of the Second World War.
Salt Lane, by William Shaw. After a homeless woman is found drowned in a marsh in the Kent countryside, police sergeant Alexandra Cupidi must discover who they were and why they were killed, while juggling responsibilities for an aging mother and a rebellious teenage daughter.
Two Australians have returned to where they were held captive, put into slave labour with 13,000 Australians on the Thai-Burma Railway
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Serious questions need to be answered in the wake of the Grenfell Tower block fire which has left at least 12 dead.
The blaze started just before 1am on Wednesday in a flat in one of the lower levels, somewhere between the 2nd and fourth floors.
But in less than an hour, it had engulfed the entire 24-storey building in west London.
A major investigation is being launched by the fire service, Metropolitan Police and the Health and Safety Executive.
This disaster could well prove to be the deadliest fire since the Bradford City stadium blaze of 1985.
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: AFP)
Already, a number of serious concerns have been raised and many are demanding a public inquiry.
Those who lost loved ones or their homes deserve answers.
Here are 10 questions that could be asked first:
1. Why was there no central fire alarm system? Or if there was, why didn't it work?
In account after account, residents said they were not alerted by a fire alarm.
Some told of being woken up by a neighbour banging on the door, others of getting a phone call from a worried relative who saw what was happening on the news.
A central fire alarm could have sounded a warning for to all residents as soon as the blaze was detected.
2. Was it right to advise residents to 'stay put'?
Residents at Grenfell say fire safety signs had recently been installed which advised them to 'stay put' if a blaze occurred anywhere other than in their own flat.
Many were told the same thing by fire operators when they dialled 999 to report the fire on Wednesday.
That's because experts usually expect fires in a tower block to be contained where they originate.
But clearly in this case, the fire was able to spread, and quickly.
General secretary of the Fire Brigade Union Matt Wrack said an investigation must now understand why that happened.
Mr Wrack told BBC Newsnight: "The logic of construction of tower blocks is to compartmentalise the fire, so a fire should be restricted to the flat or floor of origin.
"If during the course of renovations - I'm not saying this has happened because we don't know - if during the course of renovations fire resistant walls, doors, ceilings have been compromised, then clearly the whole basis on which that advice has been based falls apart.
"This should not be happening, that's the horrible aspect of this incident."
3. Why did the fire spread beyond the flat where it originated?
The exact cause and location of the fire has yet to be revealed.
One much-repeated claim is that it started in a resident's kitchen when a fridge 'exploded'.
And it certainly began on one of the lowest floors, some say the second, others the fourth.
The first call to the fire bridge was at 12.54am and witnesses say the entire building appeared to be consumed in fire within 30 minutes.
(Photo: REUTERS)
The ambulance service was first called at 1.29am.
The 'stay put' rule is based on expectations that flat fires in tower blocks will be contained for at least 60 minutes.
Eyewitnesses say it was clear that the fire spread through the exterior of the building rather than from the inside - video footage appears to confirm those accounts.
And many residents were clear on why that happened.
Exterior cladding which was installed as part of a £10million refurbishment completed in 2016 went up "like a matchstick".
Some pointed to bits of molten plastic which fell onto the surrounding streets.
Conservative MP Mike Penning, a former firefighter, told BBC News that "the cladding was clearly spreading the fire... We need to find out what went on.”
4. Is exterior cladding safe for tower blocks?
The cladding was reportedly installed at Grenfell to improve the appearance of a dilapidated tower block constructed in 1974.
But exterior cladding can be highly combustible and has been linked to a number of fires in high-rise buildings.
During the 1990s, at least 30 fires were linked to cladding panels, mostly those on the exterior of buildings.
In 1999, a man died after a fire started on the fifth floor of Garnock Court, a 14-storey block of flats in Ayrshire, Scotland.
(Photo: REUTERS)
Witnesses said it spread to the top of the building within 12 minutes due to the cladding.
There have been a number of other high-profile fires linked to cladding in the Middle East and China.
Under current building regulations, exterior walls must be fire resistant.
But this doesn't apply to exterior cladding.
Some experts have called this a 'gaping hole' in fire safety laws.
5. Why was there only one fire escape route?
(Photo: REUTERS)
Residents had complained that there was only one route out of the building in the event of a fire - a narrow stairwell with no natural light.
By the time many realised they needed to escape, it had become filled with thick, black smoke.
This may tragically have caused many of the deaths.
6. Why was there no sprinkler system?
There was no sprinkler system in the Grenfell building - another complaint raised by residents.
Sprinklers turn on automatically and can reduce, or even extinguish, fires in high-rise buildings before the fire brigade arrives.
Labour MP Jim Fitzpatrick - chairperson of the all-party Parliamentary Fire Safety and Rescue Group - said the Government has resisted calls to install sprinkler systems in high-rise blocks in the wake of the Lakanal House tragedy.
Mr Fitzpatrick, who was a firefighter for 20 years, told LBC: "We've been pressing for fire sprinkler systems in buildings where we think it's appropriate - certainly over a height level and in places where there is vulnerability, care homes and in schools - and Government has been resisting that for some time."
(Photo: EPA)
7. Was there any debris blocking stairwells?
In one of its many complaints, the Grenfell Action Group had also highlighted rubbish being left blocking fire exits during the renovation in 2016.
8. Were fire exits blocked by poor parking?
It has also been claimed that a lack of parking enforcement surrounding the Grenfell Tower block had resulted in fire exits being blocked by cars on occasion.
There was also concern about whether this would affect access for emergency services.
9. Were residents concerns about fire safety taken seriously?
Residents had been raising fears about fire safety at Grenfell for at least four years.
As mentioned, Grenfell Action Group (GAG) had posted numerous times on their blog highlighting concerns.
Reacting to the blaze, GAG added: "Regular readers of this blog will know that we have posted numerous warnings in recent years about the very poor fire safety standards at Grenfell Tower and elsewhere in RBKC [the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea].
"ALL OUR WARNINGS FELL ON DEAF EARS and we predicted that a catastrophe like this was inevitable and just a matter of time."
10. Why wasn't government report on fire safety in tower blocks published?
In March this year, experts warned tower blocks were at risk because the government was delaying a review of building regulations.
(Photo: PA)
It followed failings highlighted when six people were killed at Lakanal House in south London in 2009.
They included a lack of risk assessment and panels on the outside walls not providing fire resistance.
Gavin Barwell, who was housing minister until losing their seat in last week's election, promised to review part B of the Building Regulations 2010, which relate to fire safety, but the review never materialised.
'No expectation this would happen'
The Grenfell tower block is owned by Kensington and Chelsea council but is managed by an independent company.
The Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organisation (KCTMO) was paid around £11million last year to manage thousands of homes across the borough.
(Photo: Get West London)
Robert Black, chief executive, appeared on TV on Wednesday and said they had been at the scene since 3.30am.
They told ITV News London there had been "no expectation this would happen".
Asked whether they regretted that the block had not been fitted with sprinklers, they replied: "This isn't a new build, it's a refurbishment.
"I cannot comment on what these issues are at the moment because I am trying to work out the things on the ground.
"As a tenant management organisation we do listen to people and we have listened to people and that's what we're doing.
"Now you can rightly understand that at the moment I cannot make any comment about all the accusations that are going about because I've got an ongoing police and fire brigade investigation."
They added: "We will take part in a full investigation to find out and we'll address through that investigation all the issues that have been raised."
Winnipeg Jets goaltender Connor Hellebuyck (37) makes a blocker save against the Dallas Stars during the third period of an NHL hockey game Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Winnipeg, Manitoba. (Trevor Hagan/The Canadian Press via AP)
Winnipeg Jets goaltender Connor Hellebuyck (37) makes a blocker save against the Dallas Stars during the third period of an NHL hockey game Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Winnipeg, Manitoba. (Trevor Hagan/The Canadian Press via AP)
WINNIPEG, Manitoba (AP) - Patrik Laine promised he'll do better next time. At least until they get the better of Alex Ovechkin.
Laine scored twice to extend their point streak to 15 games and tie Ovechkin for the NHL goal lead, and the Winnipeg Jets beat the Dallas Stars 4-3 on Sunday night to match the franchise wins record at 43.
The second-year sniper has 43 goals, matching the total from Ovechkin, the Washington star and Laine's boyhood favorite. Laine's point streak is the longest active run in the NHL and adds to their league record for the longest point streak by a teenager. The streak includes 18 goals and eight assists.
"Like I've said before, maybe a week ago, I don't want to be tied. I want to take the solo lead and I'll try to do that next game," Laine said.
Ben Chiarot also scored and Blake Wheeler added an empty-netter for Winnipeg.
Mattias Janmark and Jamie Benn each scored for Dallas.
"Laine did Laine things again against us," Benn said.
Connor Hellebuyck made 28 saves for the Jets in the second game of a six-game homestand. The last time they reached 43 wins was 2014-15, when they made the playoffs for the first time since relocating to Winnipeg from Atlanta.
The victory also gave Winnipeg a sweep over the Stars in the teams' four-game season series.
Ben Bishop stopped three shots before leaving the game with 9:49 remaining in the first period after whipping out their left glove to snag Bryan Little's shot. Playing their second game after missing five with a knee injury, Bishop stood in the crease bent over before skating off with what the team reported as a lower-body injury.
Kari Lehtonen replaced Bishop and made 17 saves for the visitors, who are 0-3-2 on their six-game road trip.
Winnipeg led 1-0 after the first period and 3-2 after the second.
With Benn in the penalty box for tripping, Laine scored with 0.4 seconds remaining in the first period following a supreme effort by Wheeler. After losing an edge and falling down near the bottom of the right circle, Wheeler swept a one-handed pass through the feet of Stars defenseman Dan Hamhuis to Laine out in front, and they put a high shot past Lehtonen.
It was Laine's 19th power-play goal, tops in the NHL. Wheeler picked up their 61st assist of the season, also a league high.
"It doesn't matter if they are standing or sitting, he's going to find me," Laine said of Wheeler. "I think it came from the (defenseman's) skate, that's what I saw. But, like I said, they fell down and still found me. He's a special player, they can find those passes."
NOTES: Jets C Adam Lowry picked up an assist on Chiarot's goal in their first game back after sitting 19 with an upper-body injury. Mark Scheifele and Tobias Enstrom also returned from injury. Scheifele got a helper on Wheeler's goal.
UP NEXT
Stars: Host Boston on Wednesday night.
Jets: Host Los Angeles on Tuesday night.
___
More AP hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
The eighth, and nowhere near final, chapter of the Fast and Furious franchise was only just released and is already set to top the box office and bring in the money.
After killing Han in Tokyo — an act of revenge on Dom's team for hurting their brother — Jason Statham was the new, tough-guy villain of Furious 7, but now in The Fate of the Furious, Deckard Shaw is one of the good guys (reluctantly!).
Along with some awesome action scenes, car chases and beautiful scenery, #JasonStatham — along with #DwayneJohnson — was one of the highlights in the new movie, and took part in some pretty awesome action scenes, including that awesome sequence at the end. But news has come out that it was supposed to go a bit differently.
BEWARE OF SPOILERS AHEAD!
As they were fighting their way through a plane full of Cipher's goons with Dom's baby in hand, Deckard watched as Cipher made their escape with the only parachute as they and Little Dom continued on in the plane.
In an interview with Slash Film, writer Chris Morgan revealed that things in that scene were going to be a bit different, and it wouldn't be a Fast and Furious movie if it wasn't spectacular! If you, like me, were waiting for Deckard and the baby to follow #Cipher out of the airplane door, well we nearly got that scene — and what better way than to drive out! Morgan explained:
"So Deckard Shaw arrives on the plane the exact same way, but they have a pack with them and we don't know what it is. And they get the baby and fights their way out, and the end of that sequence is, they open the duffel bag he's been carrying, and there's a baby seat in it. A car seats. And in the back of the plane is Dom's car that you see them load up into the plane earlier in the film. So they strap that kid in, gets in, and rolls it out the back, and they do the car going out like we did in Furious 7, but he's got the baby in it, and the baby is laughing the whole way. So that was something we considered. We had a version of that at one point."
'Furious 7' [Credit: Universal Studios]
See also:
Like Chris Morgan said, we saw something similar in the last movie — Dom and the gang all drove their cars out of planes with parachutes — and while that would have been excellent to see, I think it was better without seeing something we've seen happen recently.
Unless it ended with a little nod at the Wizard of Oz with Shaw landing their car on Charlize Theron, but I suspect there are bigger plans for Cipher in the upcoming sequels.
The Fate of the Furious is out now in cinemas.
Poll What do you think? Would you like to have seen that scene still in the movie? Nah - it's already been done!
Yes - can never have too many cars driving off of planes!
Can you think of an alternative scene we could have seen? Comment below.
(Poll Image Credit: Universal Studios)
(Source: Slash Film)
Dulwich Hamlet are expecting a bumper turnout for Saturday's home game against Needham Market – operating a pay-what-you-like policy.
The Bostik League Premier Division club already boast the biggest crowds in the division and had 1,752 at their last fixture at Champion Hill for a 4-0 win over Leatherhead.
All profits from the match will go to their nominated charities this season – Lambeth & Southwark Mind and the Copleston Centre.
Dulwich boss Gavin Rose has fresh injury headaches going into the weekend with strikers Dumebi Dumaka and Muhammadu Faal both sidelined.
They said: “Dumebi's problem is with their knee and they could be out quite long-term.
Muhammadu we are hoping is a short-term one, they have injured their ankle.
“Sanchez Ming is back from suspension and available this weekend but we are still plagued by injuries.”
Gavin Tomlin, Anthony Acheampong and Nathan Green are all ruled out for Hamlet.
Dulwich could have a gate in excess of 2,000 this weekend.
Rose said: “You'd hope we would reach that figure with the money going to charity and people being able to choose how much they pay to get in.”
Wisconsin Voters Aren't Enthusiastic About Republican Tax Bill What do voters think of the tax bills currently under debate in Congress? In the swing state of Wisconsin, many voters don't know much about the legislation — but don't like what they see so far.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An Armed Forces charity has enlisted a battalion of celebrities in a campaign to tell the stories of our forgotten First World War heroes.
To mark the centenary of the end of the war in 1918, the SSAFA wants the public to share their fading sepia snaps of family members who fought in the conflict.
Actors Antony Cotton, 42, Helen McCrory, 49, and Joanna Lumley, 71, have signed up to help, along with Olympic gold medallist Dame Kelly Holmes, 48, X Factor star Fleur East, 30, and TV historian Dan Snow , 39.
Antony, who plays Sean Tully in Coronation Street, is an SSAFA Ambassador, and has contributed a picture of a man they believe is their maternal great grandfather.
(Image: PA)
But they said: “This photo has been in an album at my mum's house for years and we have never known the identity of this man.
“He has become known as ‘The Unknown Solider' within my family and each year, I visit the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in London and think of him.
“It is incredibly important that families continue to pass down stories and photos of family who sacrificed their lives for our country.”
(Image: Getty)
Helen, who is Aunt Polly in Peaky Blinders, found a picture of their maternal great grandfather, Albert Bradbeer.
They said: “He was buried alive in the trenches. They came home suffering shell-shock.”
They died five years later.
Joanna, whose great uncles, George and Fredrick Lumley, died at Arras, France, in 1917, said: “I'm so looking forward to seeing people getting behind this campaign.”
Kelly, who served in the Army for 10 years, said: “I'm celebrating my step grandfather, Albert Norris, who fought in The Royal Fusiliers and I hope this will inspire other people to nominate their family members.”
(Image: BBC)
Singer Fleur's great grandad, Fred East, was in the war and they said: “It's something we're very proud of as a family.”
Dan said: “My great grandfather, Lieutenant General Sir Thomas D'oyly Snow, fought on The Western Front and in the Somme.
"The bravery of them and their men is staggering and is something we should never forget 100 years later.”
The campaign aims to teach the younger generation about the war, which ended on November 11, 1918.
Justine Baynes, director at the SSAFA, said: “The further we move away from World War One, the more important it is for us to keep the stories of bravery and courage alive.”
Hope has been restored that the biggest fundraiser of the year for a Warwick football club could still go ahead after travellers leave the site.
On Tuesday evening travellers broke onto the Central Ajax Football Club site, which is on Hampton Road.
Club members were becoming increasingly concerned that their annual summer tournament, which is due to take place this weekend, would have to be cancelled because of the traveller encampments.
The tournament helps bring in thousands of pounds of revenue for the club and also sees around 1,000 children taking part over the weekend.
The travellers had created donuts on the football pitches, broken into storage containers, damaged equipment and broke into another container to use the club's spotlights.
The police were initially called on Tuesday evening and returned to the site yesterday morning (Wednesday).
By the afternoon officers had served a Section 61 notice, which meant that the travellers had to be off the site by 10am today (Thursday).
At around 8.30pm last night the Travellers began packing up and left the site.
A spokesperson from Central Ajax Football Club said: “We can confirm, we have regained control of Ajax Park.
“We have taken steps to secure the site and the hard work begins to prepare our tournament.
“We'll confirm times for supporting but we'd just like to thank everyone as the response has been overwhelming.
“We are also looking for a company to assist with permanently preventing this - so if any industrial fencing companies can assist, please get in touch...we need new gates.”
Club members will be assessing the site later this morning to see if the summer tournament can go ahead and a clean-up operation will then take place.
There are various tractor tires for sale varieties that you might locate. Now your job will be to discover the top ones out of all those that would suit you in most effective achievable manner. You could get a superb guide for as to which 1 you should obtain by going to any authorized tractor tires showrooms or the providers. There you will discover professionally educated personals; who is going to be eager to assist you out in deciding upon the right tires. They may also guide you by offering with choice of some utilized tires too which have specifically exactly the same qualities that you simply want and they might be bought at much affordable price tag also. Get more information about Jual Ban Loader
Sorts of Tires:
Whenever you visit these showrooms or firms you'll want to tell them well that what you would like to do by means of your tractor so that the individual there might assist you to in the best way. Telling all this would assistance them to guide you for the proper tires that you would need to have. Commonly it is actually preferred to get large tires as front tires plays the most key part in whatever function a tractor performs. In truth for those who have contemporary tractor with you of any new model you might than get all tires of same size. Inform all about your tractor to get the best guidance from expert.
Getting Used Tires:
You might get applied tires too if you have a limited variety for spending more than your tractor tires. But when you find yourself presented with any of these made use of tractor tires for sale; you could rely on more than seller as they will not be providing you unsafe tires but nonetheless you should be vigilant sufficient. You would want to verify yourself for cuts or other weaknesses that may appear if you never would like to face loss.
There's another choice that you may use that is obtaining tractor tires for sale on the internet.
Buying Tractor Wheels On the internet:
If this can be not your very first encounter and you are properly aware as to what type of tires in what size you wish than you'll be able to go for getting them from on-line retailers. Nicely you could possibly strike a deal on-line even if you do a little analysis about tires online or by having information and facts from shops within your region. Moreover neglect regarding the misconception which you will discover highly-priced tractor tires for sale more than world wide web as when compared with normal shops. Actually you may find some exclusive offers with excellent discounts over online shops.
So now you happen to be properly conscious of unique possibilities obtainable with tractor wheels for sale. Opt for probably the most proper 1 that suits you best in all regards.
MIAMI Devin Gibbs just wanted McDonald's.
But the visit to the North Miami-Dade Golden Arches unravelled when another patron accused them of cutting in line to order. That customer, an older white man, suddenly began spouting racial slurs and threats at Gibbs, a young black man. The episode ended with Gibbs in jail — for firing a shot at the irate but unarmed customer, causing panic inside the restaurant.
Nearly three years later, however, Gibbs has been cleared of any crime. They persuaded a Miami judge that they were only acting in self-defence when they fired at Phillip Ledea at the door of the fast-food restaurant in December 2015.
A Miami judge this month tossed out felony charges against Gibbs, 25, a part-time dockworker who had gone to McDonald's to pick up a meal for their son the day after Christmas. They had been charged with aggravated battery with a weapon and carrying a concealed weapon. Ledea was not injured in the shooting.
Circuit Judge Veronica Diaz cleared Gibbs under Florida's 2005 "stand your ground" law, which eliminated a citizen's duty to retreat before using potentially deadly force to meet a threat. The law also gave judges greater leeway to dismiss cases.
Over the years, judges in Miami have dismissed cases against shooters who killed various people armed with karate skills, a bag full of radios or nothing at all. A tennis instructor is still trying to use the law to beat allegations that they hit a 5-year-old boy with a racket.
The law came under national scrutiny when police cited it for deciding not to arrest an Orlando-area neighborhood watchman who fatally shot unarmed teenager Trayvon Martin in 2012; the gunman, George Zimmerman, was later charged and acquitted of murder.
In Gibbs' case, defence lawyers argued that Ledea wrongfully believed that Gibbs had cut in front of them in line at McDonald's. They said that triggered a string of "unprovoked" racial slurs from the older man. "I got something for you ... N----r I'll kill you ... N----r I'm gonna shoot you,'" they told Gibbs, according to defence lawyers.
Gibbs left the McDonald's while waiting for their food, video surveillance showed, then came back once Ledea had sat down to eat.
Gibbs then picked up their own order and left the restaurant. But Ledea suddenly followed "screaming threats" from the open door, according to a defence motion.
Ammunition Seller Charged In Connection With Las Vegas Shooting
Enlarge this image toggle caption Brian Skoloff/AP Brian Skoloff/AP
Federal prosecutors have charged Douglas Haig, a man identified earlier this week as "a person of interest" in the Las Vegas mass shooting, with selling bullets they had modified to make them more potent — referred to as armor-piercing.
The 55-year-old aerospace engineer did not have a license to manufacture and sell the armor-piercing bullets they sold to Stephen Paddock in the weeks before the massacre that left 58 people dead. Paddock died at the scene from an apparently self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Court documents filed Friday indicated Haig also sold Paddock 720 rounds of tracer bullets.
Haig came to investigators' attention early on, when they found a shipping box with their name on it among Paddock's possessions, reports NPR's Martin Kaste.
Authorities also found Haig's fingerprints on armor-piercing bullets recovered from Paddock's Mandalay Bay hotel room. The ammunition found at the scene was unfired, and it's unclear if any of it was used in the attack.
Haig held a press conference with their attorney by their side on the same day federal authorities filed the charge. In it they explained how they first met Paddock at a Phoenix gun show and calmly recounted having three separate phone conversations with Paddock whom they described as "very well dressed, very well groomed, very polite, very respectful."
That's when Paddock told Haig they wanted the tracer bullets.
Tracer ammunition is built with a small pyrotechnic charge that produces a bright trail of light to allow a shooter to see the bullet's trajectory during nighttime firing or other low visibility scenarios.
"At no time did I see anything suspicious or odd or any kind of tell," Haig told reporters.
The complaint says Haig told investigators that when Paddock bought the ammunition, they put on gloves before taking the box from Haig.
Haig defended themselves as merely a vendor, saying, "I had no contribution to what Paddock did. I had no way to see into their mind. The product that I sold them had absolutely nothing to do with what they did."
Their lawyer, Marc J. Victor, also called the exchange "a very routine transaction."
The Mesa, Ariz., resident also recounted receiving several death threats over the phone and in person at their home in recent days. Haig's name was released to the press after authorities released documents containing their full name.
If convicted, Haig faces up to five years in prison, a fine of $250,000 or both, according to the U.S. attorney's office in Las Vegas.
LAWRENCEBURG, Ky. — A video of a Kentucky man using Walmart's intercom system to ask for help has gone viral.
Forrest Hunter posted the video to Facebook on Friday and it already has 39,000 shares and 1.9 million views as of Tuesday afternoon.
The video, captioned “When you get sick of waiting on somebody at Walmart,” shows Hunter in the sporting goods section of the store. They pick up the store telephone and uses the intercom.
“Customer needs assistance in sporting goods please. I'm the customer,” they said.
Hunter told WKYT a Walmart associate came over to help them afterward and was a little embarrassed. They said they didn't get in any trouble for using the intercom.
BLACKSBURG, Va. — Anthony Lawrence II scored a career-high 25 points to lift Miami to an 84-75 victory over Virginia Tech on Saturday.
Lawrence hit 9 of 10 from the floor, including three 3-pointers, as Miami (17-5, 6-4 ACC) won its second straight game and fourth in its past five. Lonnie Walker IV and DJ Vasiljevic added 14 points each.
Behind torrid first-half shooting — 58.6 per cent (17 of 29) — Miami grabbed the early lead and led for the final 37 minutes. Virginia Tech (16-7, 5-5) used an 8-0 run to cut the lead to 66-63 on a layup by Justin Robinson with 3:51 remaining, but the Walker hit a clutch 3-pointer with 3:22 to go to push the lead to 69-63, and Virginia Tech got no closer than four the rest of the way.
The 'Canes relied on something down the stretch that isn't their strength to hold off the Hokies — free-throw shooting. The ACC's worst free-throw shooting team coming into the game made 9 of 12 in the final 1:16. They hit 16 of 23 (69.6 per cent).
Lawrence finished with their second straight double, grabbing 13 rebounds as well
Robinson led Virginia Tech with 22 points. Justin Bibbs had 16.
BIG PICTURE
Miami: Despite the loss of Bruce Brown Jr. (11.4 ppg, 7.1 rpg), who underwent surgery Thursday for a left foot injury that will keep them out six weeks, the 'Canes quietly continue to put together a strong resume for NCAA Tournament consideration. They won their sixth true road game of the season, and if they get Brown back, they could be a tough out if they get in the tournament.
Virginia Tech: The Hokies had won three straight games to play their way into the NCAA Tournament discussion, but missed on an opportunity for a stronger case. Virginia Tech now has lost three conference games at home and faces a brutal schedule down the stretch that includes two games against Duke and games against Louisville and Virginia, as well as a rematch against Miami in Coral Gables.
UP NEXT
× Woman killed in north St. Louis
ST. LOUIS – Homicide detectives with the St. Louis Metropolitan Police Department are investigating the shooting death of a woman in north city.
According to police, the shooting occurred just after 3:15 a.m. Tuesday in the 4200 block of N. Grand Boulevard, located in the Fairgrounds neighborhood.
Police arrived to find an unidentified woman lying at the corner of Grand and Penrose with a gunshot wound to their chest. They were taken to a nearby hospital where they were pronounced dead.
Anyone with information on the shooting is asked to contact CrimeStoppers at 866-371-TIPS.
Shocking revelation: guys like to be guys. Whatever your opinion of the differences between genders (real or imagined), most of us live comfortably in a society where there are masculine and feminine traits -- and most of us are ok with that. But sometimes, we take it too far, and we engage in activities that, while arguably manly, actively turn off the opposite sex. Women shared some of them in a recent AskReddit thread, and these should serve as a cautionary tale.
Horror on Yonge St. after van driver kills 10 and injures 15
Suspect in van rampage identified as Alek Minassian, 25, of Richmond Hill
What we know and don't know about the van crash
The suspect behind the wheel of the van later ditched the vehicle and got into a standoff with a police officer on Poyntz Ave. south of Sheppard Ave. Eyewitness video of the confrontation shows them asking the officer to "shoot me in the head," claiming they had a gun in their pocket.
The officer arrested the suspect at the scene. The arresting police officer widely praised for their handling of the situation is Const. Ken Lam, the Star has confirmed.
Details are trickling out on the victims who were hit by the van.
The South Korean government confirmed on its official Facebook site that two of its nationals were killed, and another was injured.
At a special city council meeting Tuesday, Councillor Cesar Palacio rose to speak about one of the victims, Anne Marie D'Amico, the daughter of constituents Rocco and Carmela, who live in their Davenport ward.
D'Amico was one of three children and a friend of Palacio's daughter.
"When my daughter called me last night to share that particular news, it was so devastating," Palacio said in the council chamber as they offered condolences to the family.
The councillor said they spoke to D'Amico's father, Rocco, on Tuesday morning.
"It was clear that part of their life is gone," Palacio said. "As they noted, he's living the worst nightmare ever in their life."
Earlier on Monday, Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said Minassian's name did not trigger any red flags relating to terrorism.
Goodale had described the incident as a "horrific attack" in an afternoon tweet offering praise to the Toronto police and condolences to the victims and their families. By nightfall, Goodale tempered their language.
"This incident that happened here on the street behind us was horrendous but it does not appear to be connected in any way to national security," Goodale told reporters.
Toronto police Chief Mark Saunders said the rampage "definitely looked deliberate."
"There is nothing in our files, we've looked right across, and there's nothing that we have on them right now," they said.
The exact motive behind the horror remains unclear.
A source confirmed to the Star that a Facebook post from an Alek Minassian circulating on social media talking about "incel" and invoking U.S. mass murderer Elliot Rodger was indeed legitimate and published on Minassian's profile before their acount was deleted.
A spokesperson for Facebook Canada said it immediately deleted the suspect's account Monday afternoon.
"This is a terrible tragedy and our hearts go out to the people who have been affected. There is absolutely no place on our platform for people who commit such horrendous acts," spokesperson Meg Sinclair said in an email.
A LinkedIn profile for a man of the same name states they are a student at Seneca College. According to Joseph Pham, 25, who took a computer programming class with Minassian at Seneca, they were at school just last week. They described them as "socially awkward."
"He kept to himself. They didn't really talk to anyone," Pham said.
The Armenian Community Centre of Toronto released a statement saying it was "deeply saddened and disturbed by the senseless deaths and injuries."
"We unequivocally condemn this and all acts of violence," the statement said. "We commend the bravery and dedication of our first responders who, despite being faced with an unprecedented tragedy, saved lives with their heroic actions and rapid response."
TTC subway trains will continue to bypass North York Centre station as the investigation continues. Beecroft Rd., which runs parallel to Yonge St. has been reopened.
With files from Sabrina Nanji, Wendy Gillis, Alexandra Jones, Julien Gignac and Nicholas Keung
With files from Sabrina Nanji, Wendy Gillis, Alexandra Jones, Julien Gignac and Nicholas Keung
(08-12-2017 Dacono, CO) The Colorado Christian University Faster Pastor Night at Colorado National Speedway proved to be one of the most entertaining night's of racing in a long time. Close racing action and late race passes seemed to be the theme of the evening. Darren Robertson made a late race pass on Justin Simonson to win the Gillett Vet Clinic Super Late Models and Eddie Vecchiarelli came from the back of the field twice to pass their father Ed Sr. for the Grand American Modified win on the final corner of the final lap. But none were more close and exciting than Nathan Gasser's last corner pass on Brian Yackey to win the Quaker Steak and Lube Late Model feature. Chris Cox and Jared Wall were also victorious in the Super Stocks and Trains.
Gillett Vet Clinic Super Late Models
The 2017 season in the Gillett Vet Clinic Super Late Models has turned into a two-man race between points leader Darren Robertson from Westminster and Jace Hansen from Broomfield. Yet it was #9 Justin Simonson from Wheatridge who flexed their muscle early in the feature event jumping out to a huge lead on the field. Jace Hansen was a few car lengths back in 2nd and Robertson was battling for 3rd with Brett Yackey in the newly painted #32 Alan Kulwicki tribute car.
Simonson couldn't quite keep on their blistering pace and Hansen pulled up on their bumper and even poked their nose down under hoping to find a way into the lead.
Robertson's car looked great on long green flag segments and eventually went low to pass Hansen for 2nd place. Now the race was on, Darren Robertson and Justin Simonson battling side by side with the laps winding down. With just a few laps to go the two leaders entered turn 3 side by side but a lapped car pinned Robertson allowing Simonson to regain control of the race. It seemed as if there was too little time for Robertson to make another run for the lead but perhaps Simonson's tires had given all they could give and Robertson dove to the inside once again. Robertson took the lead with just a couple laps left and when the checkered flag dropped it was the #11 winning their 4th feature of the season but more importantly stretching their points lead to 26 over Jace Hansen.
Behind Darren and Justin the remaining cars in the top 5 were: #32 Brett Yackey from Greeley, #08 Jace Hansen out of Broomfield, and #80 Ray Daniels from Monument.
The Super Late Models return to action on Saturday September 2nd.
FEATURE: #11 Darren Robertson
FAST DASH: #11 Darren Robertson
DASH: #91 Chris Atkinson
QUICK TIME: #9 Justin Simonson 16.541
Quaker Steak and Lube Late Models
The Colorado Christian University Night at CNS was filled with close action and exciting finishes but none were as thrilling as the Quaker Steak and Lube Late Models who's feature event left the CNS crowd breathless. It didn't start out looking like it would be a close race when the dominant car of Brian Yackey took the lead from #53g Nathan Gasser after just 3 laps.
Yackey quickly built a 2 second lead on the 17 car field leaving Gasser in the dust and #3 Wade Grove, #31 Derek Smith and #33 Bear Lynch to battle for 3rd place. Smith would eventually receive heavy left side damage in a minor altercation with 10 laps to go but salvage a 10th place finish.
With Yackey well in control the final few laps of the race were filled with caution flags and that's when things started to get interesting. Restart after restart Yackey could pull away from Gasser and reclaim control of the race. Yet with another yellow flag in the final two laps it created a green-white-checker finish with Yackey on the inside and Gasser on the outside. And it was on this final restart that Gasser found something in the high groove, or maybe it was just that they felt they had nothing to lose and crushed the pedal with their right foot. Either way Gasser came roaring up on Yackey as they entered turn three for the final time. As they exited turn four Yackey still had a slight lead but when the two cars crossed the line just .042 seconds apart it was Westminster's own Nathan Gasser in the #53g Camaro taking the thrilling win. Yackey would settle for 2nd but extend their points lead in the championship hunt.
Behind Gasser and Yackey were #17w Jeff Walbaum in the Paul Deines car, rookie driver #9 Brent Cave from Thornton, and #30 Jan Oxley from Ft Lupton. The Late Models will return to action on Saturday August 26th.
FEATURE: #53g Nathan Gasser
FAST DASH: #22 Brian Yackey
DASH: #16 Steve Mills
QUICK TIME: #31 Derek Smith 17.922
SUNOCO Fuels Grand American Modifieds
Brighton Colorado's own Eddie Vecchiarelli swept the night's events in the SUNOCO race Fuels Grand American Modifieds by setting quick time, winning the fast dash and taking home the feature win. However, Eddie's sweep turned out to be most improbable as they were sent to the back of the field after just 7 laps for spinning then race leader #44s Clint Schubert. Eddie had already come from the back to the front once after starting the race next to dead last. But could they do it again?
Schubert, #44 Justin Case and eventually #18 Ed Vecchiarelli Sr. all took turns leading the race building a massive lead on Eddie who was still picking cars off on their way back to the front.
With 6 laps to go Eddie had worked their way back into 2nd place but was well behind their father for the lead. Yet on the final corner of the final lap Ed Jr. caught Ed Sr. and made a move to the outside in turn 4. The two cars drag raced to the finish side by side crossing the line door handle to door handle. And when all the dust had settled son had beat father by mere feet in one of the most thrilling GAM races in recent memory. Behind the Vecchiarelli's in 1st and 2nd was #44 Justin Case also from Brighton, #44s Clint Schubert out of Calhan, and #13 Darin Clark from Cheyenne.
FEATURE: #48 Eddie Vecchiarelli
FAST DASH: #48 Eddie Vecchiarelli
QUICK TIME: #48 Eddie Vecchiarelli 17.259
Great Scott's Eatery Super Stocks
A large field of Great Scott's Eatery Super Stocks rumbled to the green flag for their 25 lap feature event with #19 Shelby Cortese and #32 Cody Milan on the front row. Milan is an impressive looking rookie driver who quickly grabbed control of the race with another impressive rookie #60 Jonathan Lindberg directly behind.
While the two rookies battled the #49 Ford of Chris Cox maneuvered past both of them and took the lead.
Unfortunately the entire race was marred with spins and crashes. One of the hardest crashes was when Lindberg and #99 Nic Brinlee made contact going into turn 3. Lindberg was trying to regain control of their sliding car but eventually ran head-on into the front straight wall demolishing the #60 as well as Jonathan's chance at a top 3 finish.
And while Chris Cox received the checkered flag the #82e of James Larsen and the #3% of Will Alvarado made contact crossing the line and crashed into the turn 1 wall sending Alvarado up into the air along the concrete barrier. Thankfully there were no injuries for any of the drivers in the multitude of spectacular crashes.
The top five at the finish were: #49 Chris Cox from Lochbuie, #32 Cody Milan from Ft. Collins, #99S Sam Messerli out of Thornton, #3 Michael Cox from Englewood, and #99 Nicholas Brinlee from Broomfield.
The Super Stocks return to action on Saturday August 26th
FEATURE: #49 Chris Cox
FAST DASH: #99 Nic Brinlee
DASH: #3% Will Alvarado
QUICK TIME: #49 Chris Cox 20.029
Witthar Racing Trains
The Last Call Train driven by Jared “Wally” Wall and Terri Pugilse made short work of the Witthar Racing Trains field blazing a trail through the field and through the X to take another win and extend their points lead to 42.
FEATURE: #86 the Last Call Train (Wally Wall and Terri Puglise)
OFFICIAL RESULTS
Super Late Models
Pos No. Name Hometown
1. 11 Darren Robertson Westminster
2. 9 Justin Simonson Wheatridge
3. 32 Brett Yackey Greeley
4. 08 Jace Hansen Broomfield
5. 80 Ray Daniels Monument
6. 91 Chris Atkinson Cheyenne
7. 14A Alejandro Ortiz (R) Denver
8. 14 Mark Bybee Littleton
9. 25 Monty Skinner Black Hawk
10. 22X Mark Jones Denver
11. 84 Matt Zwingleberg Parker
Late Models
Pos No. Name Hometown
1. 53G Nathan Gasser Westminster
2. 22 Brian Yackey (R) Greeley
3. 17w Jeff Walbaum
4. 9 Brent Cave (R) Thornton
5. 30 Jan Oxley Ft Lupton
6. 27 Wendi Lewis Johnstown
7. 44 Tom Powers Castle Rock
8. 3 Wade Grove Thronton
9. 33 Bear Lynch Arvada
10. 31 Derek Smith Gering
11. 6 Jason Sharp Fountain
12. 16 Steve Mills
13. 94 Kyle Morse
14. 29 Rayshawn Carter Commerce City
15. 28 Alan Carter Commerce City
16. 20 Marcus Lowe Lakewood
17. 82 Paul Green (R) Arvada
Grand American Modifieds
Pos No. Name Hometown
1. 48 Eddie Vecchiarelli Brighton
2. 18 Ed Vecchiarelli Brighton
3. 44 Justin Case Brighton
4. 44s Clint Schubert Calhan
5. 13 Darin Clark Cheyenne
6. 51 Joe Mares Jr Henderson
7. 24G Chad Guilford (R) HIghlands Ranch
8. 99 Kyle Rayburn Pueblo West
9. 1J Luke Johnson
10. 85 Donald Cole (R) Dacono
Super Stocks
Pos No. Name Hometown
1. 49 Chris Cox Lochbuie
2. 32 Cody Milan (R) Ft. Collins
3. 99S Sam Messerli Thornton
4. 3 Michael Cox Englewood
5. 99 Nicholas Brinlee Broomfield
6. 51 Jax Hughes Lakewood
7. 45 Rebecca Simpson Colo Springs
8. 1 Scott Trantham Colo Springs
9. 7 David Robinson Johnstown
10. 31 Michael Mathiesen Dacono
11. 21 Christopher Nelson Arvada
12. 98 Natalie Phelps
13. 21R Robert Hoard (R) Cheyenne
14. 02 Darrell Smith Littleton
15. 55 Damian Lockhart Arvada
16. 66 Tyler Van Den Elzen Greeley
17. 3% Will Alvarado (R)* Ft Lupton
18. 82E James Larsen Pueblo
19. 60 Jonathan Lindberg (R)
20. 24x Aaron Masters (R)
21. 19 Shelby Cortese Thornton
22. 20 Mike Vail Aurora
23. 4 Christohper Jordan (R)*
Trains
Pos No. Name Hometown
1. 86 Last Call Jared and Terri
2. 1 Robert Davey Dave Smith
3. 5 Hearse Train Alex and Alegra
4. 8 Anger Management Kelly and Nic
5. 01 Lonnie Watkins Tricky Dick
6. 13 Crazy Train Taylor and Stephanie
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
DAVID MCKEOWN / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Minersville softball players keep their eyes on the ball while wearing warm-up shirts with the name “Mallory'' on them, supporting classmate and teammate Mallory Ebert, who was diagnosed with Acute Lymphocytic Leukemia, before Saturday's game against Pottsville at Ken Schneck Field. From left are Emily Kriston, Adrienne Kroznuskie, Maggie Wigoda, Emily Graeff and Abby Schoffstall.
It didn't take long for the Schuylkill League softball cream to rise to the top.
Of course, there's still a long way to go, but the contenders already have established themselves in each division.
Let's take a look.
• Division I — Coming off a run to the state semifinals last season, Pine Grove was expected to be among the favorites. The Cardinals haven't disappointed, rolling out of the gates 8-1 overall and 3-0 in the division.
The surprise has been Tamaqua, which entered Monday's action 9-0 overall and 3-0 in D-I. The Blue Raiders experienced some significant graduation losses and had to play five straight road games due to damage at their field.
Jada Schellhammer has stepped into the No. 1 pitcher's spot seamlessly and has already tossed four shutouts. Courtney Hoffman has been producing big at the top of the lineup, and lots of others are contributing, too. Nine different players have doubled, and five different players have homered.
The teams are scheduled for their first meeting of the season Friday in Pine Grove.
North Schuylkill had to replace seven starters lost to graduation, but the Spartans (6-3, 2-1) have maintained contact with the leaders. With Haley Burd in the circle and an improving cast around her, they could be a factor.
Everybody else in the division is already two games back in the loss column.
• Division II — With a 7-2 win at Williams Valley among four victories last week, Minersville (5-0, 3-0) established itself at the top of the division.
Coming off the state championship in basketball, the Miners are still somewhat inconsistent in some areas. The scary part for opponents and the exciting part for backers of the Big Blue Machine is this: What will they be like a month from now after many more games and practices?
Senior Maura Bentz has been outstanding in the circle, and the defense has made just two errors behind them The offense has been explosive at times and should get better as the season moves along.
By the way, seven softball starters were members of the championship basketball team. These girls know how to win.
Williams Valley (3-2, 1-1) is talented but young; Tri-Valley (2-3, 1-1) is off to a slow start; and Schuylkill Haven (4-4, 1-2) can hit but gives up a lot of runs. It will be difficult for any of them to overtake Minersville.
Still, today's Williams Valley at Tri-Valley game is always interesting.
• Division III — Marian won six games all of last season. The Fillies (6-2, 3-0) have already matched that number this spring. Freshman pitcher Lindsey Reinoehl has been keeping Marian in games, and Mackenzie Joy leads the league with eight doubles.
The Fillies edged Mahanoy Area 1-0 on April 10. The Golden Bears (2-2, 1-1) seem to be the only team in the division capable of challenging Marian.
Outside the Schuylkill League, Upper Dauphin (5-2, 4-0) is playing well in the Tri-Valley League, and Hamburg (4-4, 4-0) is off to a good start in Berks II.
Once a Miner
always a Miner
Minersville coach Dave Homa has come up with a classy way to keep Mallory Ebert a part of the softball program.
Ebert, a senior infielder and pitcher, is battling leukemia and is unable to play. They have, however, been seen in and around the dugout with their teammates during games. So on the lineup card, Homa pencils in Ebert as the starting designated player. When their turn to bat comes up, senior second baseman/flex Abby Schoffstall replaces them
Prior to Saturday's non-league game against Pottsville, Minersville's players donned white warm-up shirts with an orange, script “Mallory'' across the front and their No. 18 on the back. The players also wore orange caps with a blue “M” in the middle.
Leukemia awareness ribbons are orange.
Best wishes to Mallory for a speedy recovery. Them teammates — and many others — are behind them and pulling for them
Tourney time
Several local teams will be competing in tournaments Saturday.
Minersville will make its annual trip to the Central Columbia Tournament. The Miners draw Berwick in the first game, with Troy taking on the host Blue Jays in the other semifinal. Both of those games will begin at 11 a.m., with the championship and consolation contests at 1 p.m.
Meanwhile, Blue Mountain will host its annual tournament. The Eagles will meet Hamburg at 11 a.m., followed by Brandywine Heights facing Hazleton at 1 p.m. The consolation game will be at 3 p.m. and the championship at 5.
In Halifax, the host Wildcats will take on Lancaster Mennonite at 10 a.m., followed by Tri-Valley against Millersburg at noon. The consolation will be at 2 p.m. and the championship at 4.
(Lipsky is the softball beat writer for The Republican-Herald. Follow them on Twitter @boblipskyRH)
Power Poll
(Through Sunday's games)
Team Record Pvs
1. Minersville 5-0 —
2. Pine Grove 8-1 —
3. Tamaqua 9-0 —
4. Williams Valley 3-2 —
5. Blue Mountain 5-3 —
6. North Schuylkill 6-3 —
7. Upper Dauphin 5-2 —
8. Marian 6-2 —
9. Sch. Haven 4-4 —
10. Tri-Valley 2-3 —
— Compiled by Bob Lipsky
Domestic Violence's Overlooked Damage: Concussion And Brain Injury
Enlarge this image toggle caption MarkCoffeyPhoto/Getty Images MarkCoffeyPhoto/Getty Images
Hundreds of survivors of domestic violence have come through the doors of neurologist Glynnis Zieman's Phoenix clinic in the past three years.
"The domestic violence patients are the next chapter of brain injury," they say.
Zieman begins every new patient visit with a simple question: "What are the symptoms you hope I can help you with?"
For most, it's the first time anyone has ever asked even how they may have been injured in the first place. "I actually heard one patient tell me the only person who ever asked them if someone did this to them was a paramedic, as they were being wheeled into an ambulance," Zieman says. "And the husband was at the foot of their stretcher."
While many patients initially seek out the clinic because of physical symptoms, such as headaches, exhaustion, dizziness or problems sleeping, Zieman says their research shows anxiety, depression and PTSD usually end up being the most severe problems.
Studies of traumatic brain injury have revealed links to dementia and memory loss in veterans and athletes. And TBI has also been linked to PTSD in current or former service members.
Another group may be suffering, still largely in silence — survivors of domestic violence.
Shots - Health News War Studies Suggest A Concussion Leaves The Brain Vulnerable To PTSD War Studies Suggest A Concussion Leaves The Brain Vulnerable To PTSD Listen · 6:36 6:36
About 70 percent of people seen in the ER for such abuse are never actually identified as survivors of domestic violence. It's a health crisis cloaked in secrecy and shame, one that Zieman is uncovering through their work at the Barrow Concussion and Brain Injury Center.
They run what they say is the first program dedicated to treating traumatic brain injury for survivors of domestic violence.
"About 81 percent of our patients had so many hits to the head, they lost count, which, you compare that to athletes, is astronomical," Zieman says.
Zieman says it's not just the sheer number of injuries that makes these patients' cases so complex.
"One single athletic concussion is hard enough to treat, but these patients are beyond that," they say. "Unlike athletes, they do not have the luxury, if you will, of recovering after an injury before they are injured again."
Domestic violence is estimated to affect 10 million people each year. Head and neck injuries are some of the most common issues, and Zieman is uncovering how frequently traumatic brain injury is a part of the picture.
Still, they say, the lack of recognition of the severity of the abuse-related problems has left many survivors without a definitive diagnosis. Many get blamed for their cognitive impairment.
"They have been labeled for so long with all these horrible things," says Zieman. "And in the end, it's not only not their fault but there is a true medical reason behind these issues and there are some things that can be done."
Data on domestic violence and traumatic injury are sparse because it's so underreported, but Zieman says their initial findings indicate it's even more prevalent than previously thought.
A 2016 review of the medical files of patients in the program — almost all women — discovered only one-fifth of them had seen a physician for their injuries. Eighty-eight percent had sustained more than one head injury from abuse.
Zieman works with local domestic violence shelters to identify women who may be suffering from brain injuries. Workers will send them to Zieman's clinic where their physical symptoms, such as headaches or dizziness, can be treated along with the cognitive and emotional effects of their abuse. Thanks to grants and private donations, Zieman says the care is free, whether or not people have insurance.
Ashley Bridwell, a social worker at Barrow, works hand in hand with Zieman to help survivors manage life with a brain injury. "Some of these simple things like filling out an application or remembering an appointment, or being able to give a solid social or medical history— it's close to impossible considering what they are experiencing," they say.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Will Stone for NPR Will Stone for NPR
Bridwell helped start the program six years ago after doing outreach to the homeless community and realizing many clients had traumatic brain injuries from domestic violence. They say patients often have long histories of emotional and physical abuse. Many have cognitive impairment from repeated mild traumatic brain injury.
Patients will sometimes arrive at their clinic with a constellation of seemingly unexplainable symptoms. Bridwell remembers one who lost their job because of them forgetfulness. The woman thought they had Alzheimer's.
"And for them to come in and get some information about head injury, and about how multiple hits to the head can impact your memory, your attention, your concentration, your speed of processing, it was incredibly validating for her," says Bridwell.
The diagnosis gave them a new way to talk about and understand their private struggle. "They realize it's not their fault," Bridwell says.
And Zieman says PTSD and trauma affect this population deeply.
"The significance of the mood symptoms in this population far exceeds what we see in our other patients," they say.
Zieman says we're still in the early stages of understanding the effects of repetitive brain injury and how we can better treat it. The trauma of domestic violence only complicates the picture, but the survivors they see remain their favorite to treat.
"I feel that we can make the biggest difference for these patients," they say.
This story is part of a reporting partnership with NPR, KJZZ and Kaiser Health News. You can follow Will Stone on Twitter: @WStoneReports.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man set themselves on fire and died days later while waiting months for a mental health assessment.
Sam Brice was only 23 years old when they set themselves on fire while in their partner's home in Throgmorton Road, Knowle.
They ran out of their home and onto the street, where a neighbour bravely used a blanket to put out the flames. Sam told their neighbour: “I didn't mean to do it.”
Despite the best efforts of doctors in hospital, Sam died days later after the burn wounds had affected more than 50 per cent of their body.
A court heard they could not be sectioned under the Mental Health Act and put into police custody because they were awaiting assessment for Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).
The waiting list to get an assessment was “months-long”, Avon Coroners Court was told on Thursday, February 1.
An inquest into Sam's death heard they were a “bright and able” person, who ran their own scaffolding business before illness took hold.
The young man, who grew up in Bitton, had never been diagnosed with ADHD throughout their life, but had showed a few signs of it growing up.
Sam was close to their family and was in a six-month relationship with their partner, Sophie Morgan.
In December 2016, their family started noticing they had problems concentrating and getting out of bed. Things turned for the worse, and Sam struggled to sleep.
They started buying sleeping pills called Zopiclone online, but had overdosed in July last year after taking too many tablets.
Their family took them to see their GP – the court heard they did not like going to the doctor's – and they were referred to A&E at Southmead Hospital. After they were seen by mental health services, they referred them again to an ADHD specialist to get a proper diagnosis.
But their GP, Dr Luke Parker from Close Farm Surgery, told the court the waiting list was “months-long”.
Sam's family was starting to get worried. They had started using cannabis and cocaine to deal with their mental health issues, and they were struggling to sleep, waking up in the middle of the night and turning lights on in the house.
Their family wanted to get them sectioned under the Mental Health Act, which mean they would be taken into custody by police, but they would not be able to do so because they did not have a diagnosis.
During that time, their anxiety got worse as they struggled to sleep.
On September 18 last year, the court heard Sam had spent the day before on drugs and alcohol. They went to their partner's house in Knowle, where they had an argument.
Sam went into the kitchen, poured petrol on themselves and threatened to set themselves on fire. They did so when they sparked their cigarette lighter, and they ran out of the house into the street.
Their neighbour told the police in a statement they had seen Sam in flames and took a blanket out to the street and hugged them to try and put out the flames.
Part of the home was burned while Sophie took their young daughter and pet dog to the car to protect them.
The court heard paramedics had to wait for the all-clear by police before they could treat Sam. Most of the flames had been put out, but the burns had affected more than half of their entire body.
They told their neighbour: “I poured petrol over myself. I've been an idiot but I didn't mean to do it.”
Medics took them to Southmead Hospital, but they were then taken to Morriston Hospital in Swansea the following morning.
The inquest was told Sam was put in an induced coma and they needed to be resuscitated on September 23. They were then transferred to the Royal Brompton Hospital in Chelsea, London, but they died the following day.
Questions
Their aunt, Lisa Brice, was in court and asked if their nephew could have been sectioned under the Mental Health Act by the police for their safety.
But both investigating officer Detective Constable Elisabeth Howell and GP Dr Luke Parker said they would not have been taken into custody because they were not diagnosed.
Conclusion
Assistant coroner Terence Moore said: “I heard from the detective constable that the police powers were not sufficient at this stage for them to be sectioned.
“He was suffering from their ADHD and having to wait for the assessment.
“The other factor is their use of cocaine and cannabis. I can't comment on this except to say the family suggested to me Mr Brice recognised that drug use was not helping their condition but making it worse.”
The cause of death was given as pneumonia and pulmonary thromboembolism caused by the burns.
Mr Moore added: “It was an impulsive act aimed at seeking attention rather than killing himself. On the grounds of probability, I would say this was a death by misadventure.”
Most people who are thinking of taking their own life have shown warning signs beforehand.
These can include becoming depressed, showing sudden changes in behaviour, talking about wanting to die and feelings of hopelessness. These feelings do improve and can be treated.
If you are concerned about someone, or need help yourself, please contact the Samaritans on 116 123.
During Paris Fashion Week last Fall, the headlining story wasn't about the collections, because the armed robbery of Kim Kardashian in their private hotel room captured the world's attention. At least two men, who were dressed as police officers, forced their way into the No Address Hotel where they were staying and held them up at gunpoint while they made out with over $9 million worth of jewelry. At the time, Kim's spokesperson stated that they were "unharmed, but badly shaken up."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Ever since the incident, the star went completely under the radar, as if finally faced with the grim reality some of their 90 million Instagram followers were following a little too closely. They waited until last week to break their social media silence with a series family photographs that show a different side of them than previously shown on their feed. These photos, which look similar to what you'd find in anyone else's family photo album, succeed in saying that she's a wife and a mother, no different from anybody else.
According to Le Monde, three months of investigation have led the French police to make the arrests of 16 people who are believed to be involved in the crime. Though according to French law, they have up to 96 hours to make official charges or release them. The French newspaper also reported that there was DNA left at the scene that led to one suspect who was already known to police to prior crimes. These types of break-ins have been a growing problem in Paris, but this has no doubt been the highest profile case yet—although, it was reported that the lead officers had to Google Kim Kardashian's name in order to become familiar with them
We've yet to hear Kim's side of the story, but a recent teaser for the upcoming season of Keeping Up with the Kardashians alludes to a reference to their attack.
Document Raises Questions About Escalating Government Surveillance and Criminalization of Black Activists
March 19, 2018, New York, NY – Today, racial justice organizations filed a lawsuit against the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to release the contents of the agency's blacked-out memo referred to in government documents as the “Race Paper.” The Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR) and Color of Change, the groups suing today, first uncovered the existence of the “Race Paper” via Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request to DHS, which sent them a fully redacted version with only the name of the attachment visible. Advocates argue that the existence of the “Race Paper,” among other documents they obtained, confirms the targeted surveillance that many Black activists and organizers around the country have reported, and raises alarming questions about the agency's approach to Black people engaging in protected First Amendment activity.
“The FBI and Department of Homeland Security are at war with Black activists,” said Rashad Robinson, Executive Director of Color of Change. “The documents we've forced the federal government to release expose how these agencies are demonizing and intimidating Black activists – people who are rightly demanding that our country be more just – through coordinated and systemic surveillance.”
The redacted “Race Paper” is the newest of a slew of documents the groups have obtained that reveal how DHS and the FBI have both monitored and surveilled the Movement for Black Lives and pushed a state-sanctioned narrative that criminalizes Black protestors. The documents the groups received consist of a number of emails from the DHS sub-agency, the Office of Intelligence and Analysis, each with an attached, fully redacted, version of the “Race Paper.”
Another set of DHS and FBI documents revealed in November 2017 show how federal agencies characterized Black protestors as “Black Supremacist Extremists” and portrayed protected First Amendment protest activity as violence-inciting as a justification to surveil activists. The documents were in stark contrast with the agencies' communications regarding white supremacist groups, whom they deemed as engaging in “lawful” protest activity. Between May and December of 2017, DHS and the FBI turned over hundreds of pages of emails, reports, policies, and surveillance documents to the Center for Constitutional Rights and Color of Change as a result of the FOIA request, many partially or fully redacted. Briefing guides are available online.
“Black and brown activists and the public in general should not be left to speculate as to why DHS prepared a document called the ‘Race Paper,' circulated multiple versions of it, and called for in-person meetings to discuss its contents, but now fights to keep every word from seeing the light of day,” said Omar Farah, Senior Staff Attorney at the Center for Constitutional Rights. “But given the long-standing and unconstitutional pattern of state surveillance of Black-led political movements, it bears repeating that FOIA is about transparency, not protecting government agencies from embarrassment.”
The Color of Change and the Center for Constitutional Rights first filed the FOIA request to the agencies in October 2016 to uncover how DHS and the FBI were monitoring and surveilling the Movement for Black Lives, and Black protestors and organizers exercising their First Amendment constitutional rights at protests across the country. The request was specifically directed at the monitoring of protest activity whose subject matter or theme involved police violence, criminal justice, racial injustice, or the Movement for Black Lives. The request followed the many instances over the previous two years of military and counterterror resources being used to surveil protests as well as first-hand accounts of surveillance of protests and activists.
Color of Change's Rashad Robinson continued, “Black communities know all too well how poisonous this kind of surveillance and intimidation is for social justice movements. During the civil rights era, agents with the FBI's COINTELPRO program vigorously sought to discredit and destroy Black leaders and movements while they did nothing to address the injustices our communities were protesting. We can't allow the FBI to essentially operationalize COINTELPRO for the twenty-first century without a fight. Up until recently, we've known very little about the government's surveillance of our communities. But, by forcing the disclosure of more information about these surveillance efforts, including our demand today for the full and unredacted ‘Race Paper,' we can better understand these attacks on Black activism and fight to prevent a new generation of Black activists from demonization, incarceration, intimidation, and punishment.”
“The very purpose of FOIA is to inform the people, check government corruption, and ensure accountability. DHS's refusal to share any information without adequate explanation about the ‘Race Paper' undermines the law's critical principles, so vital to a democracy,” said Avidan Cover, Professor at the Case Western Reserve University School of Law. “Without more, we should be highly skeptical of the government's invocation of national security as the basis for secrecy when it comes to surveillance, race, and the right to speak, assemble, and protest.”
For more information, visit CCR's case page. See also, the briefing guide to the “Race Paper” documents and the briefing guide to all of the documents obtained under this FOIA.
Color Of Change is the nation's largest online racial justice organization. We help people respond effectively to injustice in the world around us. As a national online force driven by over one million members, we move decision-makers in corporations and government to create a more human and less hostile world for Black people in America. Visit www.colorofchange.org.
The Center for Constitutional Rights is dedicated to advancing and protecting the rights guaranteed by the United States Constitution and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Founded in 1966 by attorneys who represented civil rights movements in the South, CCR is a non-profit legal and educational organization committed to the creative use of law as a positive force for social change. Visit www.ccrjustice.org and follow @theCCR.
The Milton A. Kramer Law Clinic Center has provided legal assistance to individual clients and organizations for over 45 years. A hallmark of the educational experience at Case Western Reserve University School of Law in Cleveland, Ohio, the clinic trains students for the legal profession by giving them the opportunity to work with real clients on real cases under faculty supervision. Each year, the clinic handles over 100 cases in many different areas of law, including human rights, immigration, criminal justice, civil litigation, intellectual property, health and community development. Visit law.case.edu and follow @CWRU_Law.
Just two years ago, a doctor in Europe told Andrew Ebbett, in broken English, that serious knee surgery would mean they may never walk the same. Skating was definitely going to be impossible. Their pro hockey career appeared over.
Distraught at first, Ebbett then declared they would play again. They rehabbed like they were a Navy Seal and recovered in record time.
At 35, they will represent Canada at the Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. With the NHL scratched from the Winter Olympics, Ebbett and several former pros playing in Europe were chosen by Hockey Canada.
General manager Sean Burke, head coach Willie Desjardins and Team Canada's braintrust scoured Russia's Kontenintal League and Switzerland's National League, among others, to find players talented enough to wear the Maple Leaf as Canada chases a third straight Olympic gold medal.
“It's an incredible honour,” said the 5-foot-9, 175-pound Ebbett. “Up until last year, I didn't even think something like this was possible. I've worked so hard the past seven months to make this team, and getting the call from Sean Burke was so surreal. The best part for me was calling my parents and my sister and telling them we're going to South Korea. They've done so much for me and my career that this is as much for them as it is for me.”
Ebbett is one of 14 forwards listed with Canada. They were second in Bern scoring with 43 points through 42 games, just ahead of teammate Mason Raymond, who also made the Olympic roster. The two played together with the Vancouver Canucks for parts of two seasons.
Forwards Gilbert Brule, Derek Roy and Wojtek Wolski and goaltender Ben Scrivens are other former NHL veterans. Former Vernon Viper Chay Genoway is one of eight defencemen.
Without studs like Sidney Crosby, Jamie Benn and Duncan Keith, the average fan isn't giving Canada much respect. Ebbett, however, believes they can make some noise.
“I think most players, no what country they're representing, have said Russia is definitely the favourite. After that, I think there are four or five teams that have a shot. Our team here in Bern will have 13 players at the Olympics (eight Swiss, three Canadian, one USA and one Finnish). I think we have the second most behind SKA Petersburg in the KHL.”
Canada iced NHL lineups for gold in Vancouver (2010) and Sochi (2014). Healthy this season, Ebbett earlier jumped at the chance to wear the Maple Leaf for the first time, and was a big reason Canada won its 14th Spengler Cup title at the annual tournament held over the Christmas holidays in Davos, Switzerland.
Ebbett had a goal and an assist in the final game, a 5-2 win over HC Lugano of Switzerland. Ebbett finished the tournament with four goals and four assists in five games played.
“It was a great week. I didn't think I would ever get the chance to play for Team Canada with all the great players in this country. So to have that chance I wanted to take advantage and I had an absolute blast,” said Ebbett. “I had my mom (Colleen, of Cochrane, Alta.), sister (Ashley) and nephew (Kaden) in Davos for the tourney, too, which made it that much more special. It was awesome to win the Spengler Cup. I remember watching it as a kid and to put that Canadian jersey on for the first time was an awesome feeling.”
Ebbett, whose father, Brian, lives in Elkford, B.C., has fond memories of the two trips to the Vernon Winter Carnival Coca-Cola Classic, where they were coached by Joe Oliver and Clayton Adams.
“Everything was exciting about that tournament,” they said. “They made you feel like a star with the banquet and the parade. There was a team from Ontario so it was a pretty big deal.”
The first-ever player signed by the B.C. Hockey League's Salmon Arm Silverbacks, Ebbett played one season in the Shuswap before landing a four-year scholarship at the University of Michigan.
Following their college career, Ebbett spent nearly a decade in pro hockey, up-and-down between the NHL and minor leagues. Their NHL stops included Anaheim, Chicago, Minnesota, Phoenix, Vancouver and Pittsburgh. They compiled 71 points in 224 games and was a point-a-game player in the AHL through 200 games. They then signed with SC Bern, helping the club to the NLA championship last season.
Related Coverage Finding the right glasses to view the eclipse safely
(CNN)– Amazon says it is taking action against potentially counterfeit solar eclipse glasses.
The company said Sunday that it contacted and issued refunds to some customers who purchased glasses on Amazon that “may not comply with industry standards.”
Amazon has also removed a few listings for glasses on its website “out of an abundance of caution.” It did not name any of those listings in its statement.
Related: Finding the right glasses to view the eclipse safely
To safely view the solar eclipse August 21, you'll need a special pair of ultra-dark sunglasses. There has been enormous demand for those kinds of glasses, which prevent the permanent eye damage that the sun's rays could cause.
But that demand has been followed by reports that knockoff eclipse glasses — which may not provide adequate protection — have flooded the market.
The American Astronomical Society said last week that it updated its safety advice “in response to alarming reports” of unsafe glasses selling online.
The organization says buyers should be skeptical of glasses even if they're stamped with an ISO seal, which has been used in the past to indicate which glasses comply with standards set by the International Organization for Standardization.
To help tamp down on fraud, the AAS posted a list of verified vendors and websites where those eclipse glasses are sold.
Kilauea's Fast-Moving Lava Threatens Another Community, Volcanic Haze Reaches Guam
U.S. Geological Survey YouTube
It has been 27 days since the massive eruption of Kilauea sent lava gushing from cracks, spreading destruction through communities in the southeastern corner of Hawaii's Big Island. And now volcanic haze drifting across 4,000 miles threatens some residents of Guam, according to officials.
The National Weather Service reported volcanic haze produced by the activity of the rumbling volcano has been carried along by strong winds over the Mariana Islands.
"Residents with respiratory health problems should stay indoors and avoid being outdoors when haze is seen," Guam's homeland security office said in a statement. "Mariners and pilots should be aware of lower visibilities caused by this haze."
Although the haze does not contain sulfur dioxide or other toxic chemicals, a NWS official told NPR the particles in the air can still be harmful to people with sensitive respiratory systems. The official added the haze is expected to dissipate by the end of Thursday morning but will likely return as Kilauea continues to erupt.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mario Tama/Getty Images Mario Tama/Getty Images
On the island, conditions have worsened. Each day brings some sort of geologic phenomenon, including laze, blue flames, vog, ash clouds, ballistic blocks, splatter bombs, sky-high lava fountains, ash plumes, and more than 2000 earthquakes.
On Wednesday U.S. Geological Survey officials warned fast-moving lava threatened to tear through more homes in the already ravaged communities of Leilani Estates and Lanipuna Gardens. They estimated violent eruptions of molten rock spewing out of a nearby fissure — Fissure 8 — were burning through anything in its path at a rate of 600 yards per hour.
Additionally, a lava fountain rising out of the crack in the Earth was spraying more than 200 feet into the air, and multiple secondary fountains reached 60 feet.
The USGS reported the fiery springs have caused sharp, thin strands of volcanic glass fibers called "Pele's hair" to fall from the sky throughout the Leilani Estates and Pahoa region. The dangerous fibers — named after Hawaiian fire and volcano goddess Pele — are produced when lava splatter droplets cools rapidly in the air and can cause skin and eye irritation similar to volcanic ash.
Officials are urging people to steer clear of tiny and abrasive particles of glass.
Meanwhile, Hawaii County Civil Defense scrambled to get residents out of Kapoho, a neighborhood north of Leilani Estates, before they became trapped by advancing lava.
"You are at risk of being isolated due to possible lava inundation of Beach Road near Four Corners," the USGS warned Wednesday.
Volcanic gas emissions, consisting of sulfuric dioxide also remained "very high" and the weather exacerbated the poor air quality. Wind conditions in the coming days means "vog" — volcanic gas mixed with ash — is expected to spread over the island, according to the USGS.
Hawaii Public Radio reported about 22 fissures have torn open the ground and at least 40 homes have been wrecked since May 3. More than 2,000 acres of land have been smothered by lava and about 200 people are staying in emergency shelters.
The most recent map of lava flows can be found here.
The agency has been updating the public, disseminating vital safety information and responding to questions over Twitter since early May but on Tuesday, officials took some time to respond to an odd query: Jay Furr wanted to know, "Is it safe to roast marshmallows over volcanic vents? Assuming you had a long enough stick, that is? Or would the resulting marshmallows be poisonous?"
"Erm...we're going to have to say no, that's not safe. (Please don't try!)," replied the USGS before delivering a little science. "If the vent is emitting a lot of SO2 or H2S, they would taste BAD. And if you add sulfuric acid (in vog, for example) to sugar, you get a pretty spectacular reaction."
The good sports at the USGS chose not to specify exactly what happens when sulfuric acid and sugar are mixed, but many others on the Internet have and you can see them here.
Research Corridor has published a new research study titled “ Medical Cable Assemblies Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis and Forecast, 2017 – 2025”. The Medical Cable Assemblies market report studies current as well as future aspects of the Medical Cable Assemblies Market based upon factors such as market dynamics, key ongoing trends and segmentation analysis. Apart from the above elements, the Medical Cable Assemblies Market research report provides a 360-degree view of the Medical Cable Assemblies industry with geographic segmentation, statistical forecast and the competitive landscape.
Browse the complete report http://www.researchcorridor.com/medical-cable-assemblies-market/
Geographically, the Medical Cable Assemblies Market report comprises dedicated sections centering on the regional market revenue and trends. The Medical Cable Assemblies market has been segmented on the basis of geographic regions into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Rest of the World (RoW). The RoW segment consists Latin America and the Middle East & Africa. The Medical Cable Assemblies market has been extensively analyzed on the basis of various regional factors such as demographics, gross domestic product (GDP), inflation rate, acceptance and others. Medical Cable Assemblies Market estimates have also been provided for the historical years 2015 & 2016 along with forecast for the period from 2017 – 2025.
The research report also provides a comprehensive understanding of Medical Cable Assemblies market positioning of the major players wherein key strategies adopted by leading players has been discussed. The Medical Cable Assemblies industry report concludes with the Company Profiles section which includes information on major developments, strategic moves and financials of the key players operating in Medical Cable Assemblies market.
Key Takeaways:
Market Dynamics in the Medical Cable Assemblies Market
Market Key Ongoing Regional Trends
Medical Cable Assemblies Market Estimates for Years 2017 – 2025
Market Estimates for Years 2017 – 2025 Medical Cable Assemblies Market Positioning of Key Players
Market Positioning of Key Players Key Strategies Adopted by the Leading Players
Attractive Investment Proposition
Medical Cable Assemblies Market Inclination Insights
Related Reports
About Research Corridor
Research Corridor provides End-to-End Solution for Market Research Consulting and Custom Research Reports. Database of Over 47000 Global Market Reports Research Corridor is world leading company in syndicated market Research Reports.
For More Information, Visit Research Corridor
Media Contact
Company Name: Research Corridor
Contact Person: Vikram
Email: sales@researchcorridor.com
The murder of Gianni Versace will be chronicled in FX's American Crime Story sooner than scheduled. The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime Story was originally slated as the third season of Ryan Murphy's anthology series – following a second season focused on the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina – but will now air as season two, per Variety.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
While production on Versace has been underway for several weeks, with Murphy sharing a first look from the set last month, Katrina is still currently in pre-production. The shakeup means that season two will hew much closer to the show's true-crime roots, and given how acclaimed its first season The People v OJ Simpson was, that may be a smart move.
Adapted from the true crime book Vulgar Favors by Maureen Orth, the series will chronicle the 1997 murder of Versace. Cunanan shot Versace dead on the steps of their Miami Beach home after committing several other murders. They committed suicide eight days later. Edgar Ramirez will play Versace, Penelope Cruz will play their sister Donatella Versace, and Ricky Martin plays their longtime partner Antonio D'Amico. New Girl's Max Greenfield has also been cast in an unknown role.
The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime Story will premiere in early 2018, with Katrina: American Crime Story following later in the year.
Government's estimated schematic budgetary expenditure on health, education and social protection for 2018-19 is ₹ 1.38 trillion against estimated expenditure of ₹ 1.22 trillion in BE 2017-18. Photo: HT
New Delhi: To increase investment in higher educational institutions, the Union Cabinet today approved a proposal for expanding the scope of Higher Education Financing Agency (HEFA) by expanding its capital base to ₹ 10,000 crore and tasking it to mobilise Rs 1 trillion by 2022.
Briefing reporters after the Cabinet meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Union minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said the government wants to increase investments in higher education, for which an announcement was made in the last budget and HEFA was established.
“At that time its authorised capital was ₹ 2,000 crore and now it has been increased to ₹ 10,000 crore,” Prasad said adding that earlier central government universities and other new varsities didn't get advantage of HEFA but in today's cabinet meeting, it was decided that they can utilise this fund.
In their Union Budget 2018, the then finance minister Arun Jaitley had announced a new initiative of the government—‘‘Revitalising Infrastructure and Systems in Education (RISE)”—to step up investments in research and related infrastructure in premier educational institutions, including health institutions. HEFA, a joint venture company of Canara Bank and Ministry of Human Resource Development which provides financial assistance for creation of educational infrastructure and R&D in India's premier higher educational Institutions, was tasked to fund this initiative.
Government's estimated schematic budgetary expenditure on health, education and social protection for 2018-19 is ₹ 1.38 trillion against estimated expenditure of ₹ 1.22 trillion in BE 2017-18.
The Coral Gables Community Foundation has announced a new board member. Vivian de las Cuevas-Diaz.
A Coral Gables resident, Cuevas-Diaz is a partner at Holland & Knight and serves at the deputy section leader of the Real Estate Section.
A Tulane Law grad, they were honored by being in the Legal 500 USA in 2017, the Miami Herald's 20 under 40, the South Florida Business Journal's 40 under 40, Law & Politics magazine's Florida Super Lawyer and other accolades.
In addition to their role on the Community Foundation Board, they are active on the boards of the Cuban American Bar Association, American Red Cross and FIU School of Law.
Board members continuing to serve include immediate past chair, John O' Rourke; secretary, Matthew Meehan; treasurer, Scott Poulin; Community-Giving Committee chair, David Olazabal, and other members: Kaiser Ahmed, John Allen, Wayne Cameron Eldred, Daniella Carazo-Reynolds, Dale Chapman Webb, Sissy DeMaria Koehne, Willy Espinosa, Susan Klock, Nelson Lazo, Paul Lowenthal, Alex Montague, Lee Osiason, Pedro Parra, Justin Polga, Commissioner Frank C. Quesada, Scott Richey, Aura Reinhardt, Venny Torre and Michael Walsh.
Led by community leaders, the Coral Gables Community Foundation provides the philanthropic conduit to connect individuals and corporations looking to positively impact the success of the community. For more than 25 years, the Foundation has been at the forefront of the evolving needs of Coral Gables while effectively bringing together beneficiaries and benefactors to fund programs with the greatest impact and benefit to “The City Beautiful.”
For more information, visit www.gablesfoundation.org.
It will be cloudy most of the day Thursday over Long Island with fog in the morning and possible showers in the afternoon, forecasters said.
Winds will be light and the temperature should reach a high in the upper 60s, forecasters said.
“We do have some break in the clouds over the East End, and most of the day will be dry,” News 12 Long Island meteorologist Rich Hoffman said.
Loading... Good Morning Currently clear today ISLIP, NY 56° Clear 66°/61° 66°/61° SEE FULL FORECAST
There is a chance of showers again Friday and Saturday, a break for mostly cloudy skies Sunday and then rain again into early next week, the National Weather Service said.
The rain Saturday could include thunderstorms in the afternoon, the weather service said.
TORONTO — Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne says they would welcome U.S. President Donald Trump's education secretary to visit the province's public schools if they choose to reschedule a cancelled visit.
Wynne says they were looking forward to an opportunity to show Betsy DeVos a strong, publicly funded education system — even though they don't agree with some of their positions.
DeVos advocates for school choice, including vouchers that allow kids to attend charter schools — which are publicly funded but privately operated — or private schools on the public dime
DeVos has also attracted protests recently for revoking a guidance that instructed colleges on how to handle sexual assault cases, saying the previous policy was unfairly skewed against those accused of assault, and for the department of education rolling back rules allowing transgender students to use school restrooms of their choice.
Ontario teachers' unions expressed concerns about DeVos' planned visit, which they cancelled this week the day before it was set to begin, citing scheduling issues.
The NDP called on the government to not allow DeVos to tour schools in the province — a position Wynne says they don't understand.
"I don't agree with the positions that Secretary DeVos has taken in the past, that's true, but I think that's all the more reason to have an opportunity to showcase what we do in our schools and how strong a publicly funded education system can be," Wynne said Friday.
"So I honestly don't understand why we would want to hide that under a bushel. I would think we'd want to celebrate the success of our publicly funded education system."
By The Canadian Press
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Our hamstrung army now has just 60,000 troops available for front-line action – the lowest number since the First World War.
Documents reveal that of our 77,467 trained soldiers, as many as 17,054 have been medically downgraded.
Among them are 7,082 listed as “non-deployable” and 9,972 labelled “medically limited deployable”.
Some troops who cannot deploy have fractures and illnesses while those listed for “limited operations” have short-term medical issues.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Corporal James McAllister (RLC))
Officially, the British Army should have 82,500 soldiers.
But poor retention and recruitment have left it short.
The figure is so low it leaves our deployable army smaller than those of Spain and Poland, which have 77,500.
Our forces are deployed on more than a dozen operations in areas including Ukraine, Iraq, Kenya, Tunisia, Borneo, Cyprus and Afghanistan.
But the army is also under pressure to defend the UK amid rising aggression from Russia – which has 400,000 troops – and terror threats.
(Image: Getty Images)
An infantry officer told the Mirror they have seven medically downgraded troops in their company. They said: “There is a problem across the military.
“We are feeling the impact of cutbacks.
"Of seven I have who are downgraded, two are full-time reservists in their late 50s and three are regular soldiers in their 50s kept on for specialist skills and we have no one to replace them.
“The others are young men with injuries from a car crash.
“The army is trying to sort this but we are short mainly because of a recruiting process which has been outsourced and forced us to retain older soldiers and reservists, who is a due to their age often fall foul of injury.
(Image: Getty)
“Unless the Government steps in, it will get worse. Young soldiers are serving three years and leaving because of the conditions.”
In the Great War, numbers soared to over 3 million.
We had 300,000 soldiers in the 60s and 163,000 in the late 70s.
But cuts began in 2011 and in 2015, David Cameron agreed to a drop from 102,000 to 82,500.
An army spokesperson said most medical downgrades are temporary, adding: “Huge effort is put into high-quality healthcare and rehabilitation.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 21-year-old girl who was "criminalised because they were mentally ill" was able to kill themselves while behind bars because of failings by prison staff, an inquest has heard.
An inquest jury has raised concerns about a “lack of professionalism” among officers at New Hall Prison over failings in the care of Emily Hartley who hanged herself.
Emily was found dead in an outside ‘out of bounds' area of the Flockton prison on April 23 in 2016.
They had a history of serious mental ill health including self-harm and suicide attempts.
An inquest jury heard how prison staff had lost Emily's final notes to their family, including a list of songs to be played at their funeral, until nine months after their burial.
(Image: examiner/ WS)
Failings in their care led to disciplinary action being taken against a number of officers at New Hall Prison in Flockton West Yorkshire - though none have been sacked, the Huddersfield Examiner reports.
Emily had been remanded in custody in May 2015 after setting fire to herself, their bed and curtains. It was the Leeds woman's first time in prison.
Them death took place behind the building where exercise took place, in an out of bounds area.
It took prison staff two and half hours to notice that they had gone missing and to find their body, despite the fact that they should have been checked every half an hour because they were considered at risk.
The inquest jury concluded the deterioration in Emily's mental state from January 2016 should have sparked a review and a move to a therapeutic unit, which would have been more appropriate.
The jury also found:
The discovery of a suicide note should have triggered the implementation of suicide and self-harm procedures known as ACCT.
There was a “lack of professionalism” in the implementation of the ACCT process, with insufficient importance given to the procedure by some staff members.
There was an absence of meaningful physical checks in the days leading up to Emily's death.
A “lack of professionalism” by some staff members in the ‘care and support unit' where Emily was held could have been perceived by them as “bullying”.
Contradictory evidence was given under oath by staff which the jury described as “fictional accounts”.
The exercise yard where Emily died was not fit for purpose and risk assessments should have identified that prisoners could disappear from view.
(Image: examiner/ WS)
The inquest also heard that when Emily left for exercise on the day of their death, they had tried to take an envelope with them but this was confiscated.
Them family asked again and again about what it contained, but documents including its contents were only supplied three weeks before the inquest began.
Included in the envelope was a letter to their family, including their wishes for songs to be played at their funeral - which they did not receive on time.
The jury expressed compassion towards Emily's family regarding what they ruled was a failing by the West Yorkshire Police, who cleared Emily's prison room after their death.
Following the inquest Emily's family said: “Whilst we were shocked to find Emily sent to prison, the one consolation was that we believed they would be kept safe.”
Deborah Coles, Director of the charity INQUEST said: “This inquest is a damning indictment of a justice system that criminalises women for being mentally ill."
Ruth Bundey of Harrison Bundey solicitors, who represented the family, said: “Emily's constant struggle to cope with prison and with their mental health issues led them to self-harm again and again by cutting.
“But their behaviour dramatically escalated eight days before their death when they used a ligature and showed a mental health nurse a ‘suicide file' with a letter for ‘who finds me.'
“This development, showing a dangerous move from ‘impulsive' actions to planning for death, was insufficiently shared with staff responsible for their care.” The jury agreed.”
Emily was the youngest of 22 women to die in women's prisons in 2016, the highest annual number of deaths on record. Including Emily, there have been five deaths in New Hall since 2016.
A Prison Service spokesperson said: “This is a tragic case and our deepest sympathies are with Emily Hartley's family and friends.
“The welfare of those in our custody is our absolute priority. HMP New Hall has taken urgent action to address the concerns raised, including reviewing care procedures for those most at risk and new suicide and self-harm training for staff.
“We will carefully consider the inquest findings to see what further lessons can be learned alongside the ombudsman's investigation.
Bluff The Listener
Our panelists read three stories about someone using Freedom Of Information Act request to obtain some surprising information, only one of which is true.
BILL KURTIS: From NPR and WBEZ Chicago, this is WAIT WAIT... DON'T TELL ME, the NPR News quiz. I'm Bill Kurtis. We are playing this week with Roy Blount Jr., Alonzo Bodden and Paula Poundstone. And here again is your host at the Davies Symphony Hall in San Francisco, Peter Sagal.
(APPLAUSE)
PETER SAGAL, HOST:
Thank you, Bill. Thanks, everybody. Thank you. Right now it is time for the WAIT WAIT... DON'T TELL ME Bluff the Listener game. Call 1-888-WAITWAIT to play our games on the air. Hi, you are on WAIT WAIT... DON'T TELL ME.
CHARLIE WIDMER: Hi, this is Charlie Widmer. And I'm calling in from Connecticut.
SAGAL: Oh, great, Connecticut. I know Connecticut quite well. What do you do there?
WIDMER: I am an opera singer and a bandleader.
SAGAL: An opera singer, really?
PAULA POUNDSTONE, BYLINE: Wow.
SAGAL: Are you a tenor or you are a bass - a baritone?
WIDMER: Tenor.
SAGAL: You're a tenor, oh, yes. So that's the lead roles.
WIDMER: Well, I hope so.
SAGAL: Yeah, don't - but don't you actually have to be about 55 and obese to play the young hero in opera?
(LAUGHTER)
WIDMER: It's the only way to get the roles.
SAGAL: It is. OK. Well, Charlie, welcome to the show. You're going to play our game in which you must try to tell truth from fiction. Bill, what is Charlie's topic?
KURTIS: Tell me your secret.
SAGAL: So the Freedom of Information Act allows us humble citizens to get information from the governments who have power over us, things like White House visitor logs, meeting records and the location of Mike Pence's balls.
(LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: Tennis balls, sir. We know you enjoy the game.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: Well, this week we heard about someone using a FOIA request to get some unusual information. Our panelists are going to tell you about it. Pick the one who's telling the truth. You'll win our prize, Carl Kasell's voice on your voicemail. Are you ready to play, Charlie?
WIDMER: Yes, sir. Let's do it.
SAGAL: All - let's do it. Let's hear, first, from Paula Poundstone.
POUNDSTONE: The dangers of trans fats - partially hydrogenated oils - were brought to our attention by Tommy Thompson, the head of Health and Human Services back in 2007. They're not good for you. They raise your bad cholesterol levels and deplete your good cholesterol levels. They increase your risk of developing heart disease and stroke. It hasn't been studied yet, but it wouldn't be surprising if trans fats make you kick your dog.
(LAUGHTER)
POUNDSTONE: Many commercial food products scrambled to change their recipes so as to print an eye-catching contains-no-trans-fat sticker on their package. Drake's, the makers of such people-pleasing snack treats as Yodels, Devil Dogs, Funny Bones, and Ring Dings was one of the first to do so. While we all tell ourselves we're healthier as a result of this intervention, the unspoken truth - the elephant in the room - is that nothing tastes as good without trans fats.
(LAUGHTER)
POUNDSTONE: Ring Ding lovers Reid and Evan Collins finally sought the original recipes for the beloved snack cakes through the Freedom of Information Act...
(LAUGHTER)
POUNDSTONE: ...And made their own. Neither my brother nor I want to have a stroke. But we decided the risk was worth it.
(LAUGHTER)
POUNDSTONE: Besides, what are the odds of both of us having a stroke? We went to a lab and partially hydrogenated the oil ourselves, explains Evan Collins.
(LAUGHTER)
POUNDSTONE: It's not easy. You have to really watch that you don't entirely hydrogenate the oil.
(LAUGHTER)
POUNDSTONE: Just when you start to hydrogenate, you have to stop.
(LAUGHTER)
POUNDSTONE: They've perfected the baking process and created a niche market among friends and family. And they only sell to people in pairs.
LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: The FOIA request to get the original, dangerous recipe for Ring Dings. Your next story of someone seeking the truth no matter what comes from Alonzo Bodden.
ALONZO BODDEN: Every man's been in this position. She's upset. You know you did something wrong. But you're not sure what. They just gives you that look. You ask them what's wrong. And they said, if you loved me, you'd know.
(LAUGHTER)
BODDEN: One man's brilliant solution to this common problem, as reported in the Las Vegas Review Journal, the Freedom of Information Act.
(LAUGHTER)
BODDEN: Brian (ph) Lewis's wife, Margarita (ph), is a legislative aide in Carson City, Nev. Them boss, Kelly Williams, is a state legislator. She's also Margarita's best friend and confidant. They chat about everything via office emails. And these chats often cover what Brian did well and, more often, what they failed to do. The unclassified emails of the state legislator are public information. So whenever Margarita gives Brian the cold shoulder, they know quick Freedom of Information request will tell them how many flowers they need to buy.
(LAUGHTER)
BODDEN: Normally, these requests take a week to 10 days to fulfill. But over the past six months, Brian has gotten to know the business affairs clerk - also a married man - who feels it's their duty, as part of the man code, to get Brian the information as quickly as possible.
(LAUGHTER)
BODDEN: Once the scheme was exposed, the Nevada secretary of state forbade the clerk from responding to any more, quote, "frivolous requests." That lasted a week until the secretary of state themselves heard from Margarita, who told them that she'd known about it all along and that all it had taken was a half dozen invented complaints in the emails to get themselves two spa weekends, diamond earrings and enough flowers to open their own green house.
(LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE)
BODDEN: Brian is now encouraged to request away.
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: The man uses FOIA to find out what exactly they did wrong in their marriage. Your last story of a quest for information comes from Roy Blount Jr.
ROY BLOUNT JR: Earlier this year, a Canadian fishing guide, Mike Borger, posted video of themselves and their young son on an undisclosed lake deep inside an Ontario park hauling in one giant, trophy-sized brook trout after another. Well, if you've ever tried to get a fisherman to reveal exactly where they caught fish like that, you know how it goes.
Where'd you catch that biggin, Billy? Yep.
(LAUGHTER)
BLOUNT JR: Almost had another one - bigger. Got them all the way up to the boat.
Yeah, but where? Where?
Yep.
(LAUGHTER)
BLOUNT JR: Threw a purple and yellow worm out there.
But where?
Yep.
(LAUGHTER)
BLOUNT JR: As Mike Borger says, I wouldn't tell my best friend where that lake is. But somebody - it was a little bit devious, but I'm going to give them credit. It was also a real smart way to get that information. What that somebody did was go legal - file Freedom of Information request for a copy of Borger's camping permit, which will identify the secret lake. So far, the Ministry of Natural Resources has declined that request. But that information is public. The requestor can appeal. Borger's honey hole may be outed unless, just maybe, the fish engage outside counsel.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: All right.
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: Somewhere Freedom of Information Act request was really filed with a government. What was it to discover? From Paula Poundstone, the original recipe for Ring Dings; from Alonzo Bodden, a husband trying to find out exactly what they did wrong or from Roy Blount Jr., the location of a great fishing hole. Which of these was the real piece of information that was sought?
WIDMER: So I just want it to be the second one - scorned woman.
SAGAL: Yeah.
WIDMER: So I'm going to go with that.
SAGAL: Are you - you're going to go with that.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: Are you yourself married?
WIDMER: No, I'm way too young for that one.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: All right. Well, you've chosen then Alonzo's story of someone using FOIA to find out what they had done to annoy their wife. Well, we actually spoke to the person involved in the true story.
MIKE BORGER: If one had an interior camping permit, in theory, one could figure out which lake I caught the fish in.
SAGAL: That was Mike Borger.  They are the Canadian fishing guy who refuses to divulge the location of their fishing hole. So I'm so sorry. But it turns out that Roy was telling the real story.
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: You didn't win, but you did earn a point for him.
BODDEN: Well, thank you. But keep in mind, it doesn't mean my story's impossible.
SAGAL: No.
(LAUGHTER)
WIDMER: (Laughing) We're hoping.
SAGAL: We're hoping. Well, thank you so much for playing.
WIDMER: Thank you.
SAGAL: Take care.
(APPLAUSE)
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
The Met Office have released a yellow warning of ice for tonight in the north west.
The warning is in place between 19:00 on Monday 19 to 9:00 am on Tuesday 20th March.
Motorists, cyclists and pedestrians are warned to take care as ice is likely to form on some untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths, increasing the risk of accidents, as well as injuries from slips and falls.
Lancashire's fleet of gritters and snow ploughs will be mobilised this evening treating all priority routes.
A pair of free throws by Stevens gave the Huskies their first 20-point lead late in the third quarter and it was 54-31 going into the fourth.
The Huskies were too big for the Bobcats, who had no player on the court over six feet tall.
Connecticut outrebounded Quinnipiac 33-21 and outscored them 28-14 in the paint.
It was just the second meeting between the two programs. The first, a 117-20 UConn win, came almost 20 years ago after Quinnipiac made the jump from Division II.
Big picture
Quinnipiac: Fabbri, the coach's daughter, finishes their career with a 113-26 record and three trips to the NCAA Tournament, where teams they were on went 3-3. This is the schools fourth trip to the tournament, all since 2015.
"It was just really a storybook ending to have with your daughter," said coach Tricia Fabbri. "I was really excited for them to have this moment to close their career. It was a lot of fun and I just hugged them and said, 'Great job.'"
UConn: The win was the Huskies 115th in their NCAA Tournament history against 18 defeats. The 86.5 winning percentage is the best in the history of the NCAA Tournament ... UConn's current 34-game winning streak is the longest in the nation and 12th longest in NCAA history.
On the rise
UConn coach Geno Auriemma said he's impressed with the job Tricia Fabbri has done in Hamden and believes Quinnipiac as a program has reached the point where it can consistently make the tournament and reach the second game.
"If you look around the country, mid-major programs are better than people think and they're one of the best," they said. "Women's basketball mid-majors don't get any respect. On the men's side they do, but not on the women's side. So for this year to have what's happening with the mid-majors (winning), I think that's the best thing that's ever happened. I mean, I'm glad it didn't happen more. I think it happened just enough times."
Unbeaten at home
UConn seniors Kia Nurse and Gabby Williams will end their careers undefeated (80-0) in Connecticut, including 35-0 at Gampel Pavilion. Nurse said they were mindful every time they stepped onto the home court of the players that came before them "to try and make them proud. It's been an incredible four years here and I'm glad we could end it the way we did. The ovation was absolutely incredible."
In-state game
This was the third time the Huskies have beaten a team from the Nutmeg state in the NCAA Tournament. UConn beat Fairfield 93-52 in the first round back in 1998 and beat Hartford 75-39 in the opening round of the 2011 tournament.
Milestones
Katie Lou Samuelson had just eight points for the Huskies, but also had eight rebounds, giving the junior 401 for their career. Stevens' three blocked shots give them 152 in their career.
Up next
UConn plays fifth-seeded Duke on Saturday in Albany, New York. The Huskies have not played a game outside the state of Connecticut since their penultimate win of the regular season at SMU on Feb. 24. The Huskies will be looking to win a regional for the 11th consecutive season, finish unbeaten for a seventh time and win a 12th national championship.
Captain Barbara Feeley, Assistant Team Leader with Detachment 1, 2D Civil Affairs Group (2D CAG), briefs their team prior to conducting key leader engagement training at the Urban Training Center on Marine Corps Base Quantico on February 11, 2017. During this training, 2D CAG Marines interacted with role players portraying various individuals in the setting of a Moroccan village, to include a village elder and a representative from a non-governmental organization. The Marines were evaluated and critiqued following the exercise.
Detachment 1 completed this training in preparation for the Detachment's upcoming support of Exercise African Lion in Morocco in the spring of 2017, during which the Detachment will conduct joint operations with units of the Royal Moroccan Armed Forces.
2D CAG's four detachments executed a three-day field exercise from February 10 – 12, completing training in convoy operations, key leader engagements, clinic assessment and medical capability, interpreter interaction and usage, night operations, patrolling, and cultural familiarization.
2D CAG is a subordinate unit of Force Headquarters Group (FHG). 2D CAG, along with its sister units of 1st, 3D, and 4th CAG, provides an enabling function to combatant commanders by planning and conducting civil-military operations in support of the commander's objectives. 2D CAG supports II Marine Expeditionary Force (II MEF) and II Marine Expeditionary Brigade (II MEB), as well as those commands' subordinate units.
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.11.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 06:20 Photo ID: 3166708 VIRIN: 160401-A-AB123-0090 Resolution: 640x480 Size: 151.1 KB Location: MARINE CORPS BASE QUANTICO, VA, US Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 2D Civil Affairs Group Conducts Multi-Faceted Training Exercise [Image 1 of 14], by CPT Thomas Garnett, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
• Take stock of your glassware, dishes or china, linens and silverware.
• Accents of flowers and fresh small plants or herbs make inexpensive centrepieces and add colour to your brunch table.
• Don't forget cocktails. You can serve spicy Bloody Marys or mimosas made with a variety of juices.
Dreamy Lemon Cheesecake
Makes 12 servings
Baking the cheesecake in a water bath helps prevent the top from cracking. And if it does crack, no worries. The top is covered with a layer of lemon curd. You can use lemon curd from the store or make your own. Before making this cheesecake, make sure all the ingredients are at room temperature.
2 1/2 cups crushed cream-filled lemon sandwich cookies (such as Lemon Oreo Sandwich Cookies) (about 25 cookies)
2 1/2 tablespoons salted butter, melted
5 packages (8 ounces each) cream cheese, softened
1 1/2 cups granulated sugar
2 tbsp all-purpose flour
4 large eggs
2 large egg yolks
1 tbsp lemon zest plus 5 tbsp fresh juice (about 2 large lemons)
2 tbsp heavy whipping cream
Yellow food colouring gel paste
1 cup lemon curd (recipe follows or use store-bought)
Prep time: one hour; total time: three hours (plus cooling and overnight chilling time)
Preheat oven to 350 F. Wrap the outside of a lightly greased 9-inch shiny springform pan in a double layer of heavy-duty aluminum foil.
Stir together crushed cookies and melted butter in a bowl. Press onto bottom of prepared pan.
Bake until lightly browned, seven to eight minutes. Cool on a wire rack until ready to use. Reduce oven temperature to 325 F.
In a mixer bowl, beat cream cheese on medium speed until creamy, about five minutes. Gradually add the sugar and flour, beating until smooth. Add eggs, one at a time, beating just until yellow disappears after each addition. Add egg yolks, one at a time, beating just until yellow disappears after each addition. Stir in lemon zest, lemon juice and heavy cream.
Place three cups of the batter in a medium bowl. Using a wooden pick, add a small amount of food colouring gel paste to the three cups of batter. Stir until batter is pale yellow, adding more gel paste if necessary.
Dollop half of untinted batter into prepared crust. Dollop half of pale yellow-tinted batter on top of untinted batter dollops. Swirl together, using a small knife, to create a marbled look. Repeat procedure with remaining halves of untinted and pale yellow-tinted batters. Place springform pan in a roasting pan. Add boiling water to reach about halfway upsides of springform pan.
Bake until centre is almost set but still slightly wobbly, 70 to 90 minutes. Turn off oven and let cheesecake stand in oven with door partially open for one hour.
Remove cheesecake from roasting pan and water bath, and place on wire rack. Cool completely, about two hours. Cover with plastic wrap, using wooden picks to prevent plastic wrap from touching top of cheesecake. Chill eight to 24 hours.
Gently run a knife around outer edge of cheesecake to loosen from sides of pan. Remove sides of pan. Spread top with 1 cup Lemon Curd.
Adapted from Southern Living magazine, February 2017 issue.
Lemon Curd
Makes about 3 cups
This lemon curd will keep up to two weeks in the refrigerator.
1/2 cup salted butter, softened
2 cups granulated sugar
4 large eggs
2 large egg yolks
1 tablespoon lemon zest, plus 1 cup fresh juice (about 4 large lemons)
Beat butter and sugar with an electric mixer on medium speed until blended, about 45 seconds. Add eggs and egg yolks, one at a time, beating just until blended after each addition. Gradually add lemon juice to butter mixture, beating at low speed just until blended. Stir in zest. (Mixture will look curdled.)
Transfer mixture to a heavy 4-quart saucepan and cook, whisking constantly, over medium-low until mixture thickens and coats the back of a spoon, 14 to 16 minutes.
Transfer curd to a bowl and place plastic wrap directly on warm curd (to prevent a film from forming). Chill until firm, about four hours.
Prep time: 30 minutes; total time: 45 minutes (plus chilling time)
Salted Caramel Bacon Bread Pudding
Makes 8 servings
Brace yourself. This is the ultimate bread pudding. It's sweet, salty and savoury all in one bite. You'll get at least eight servings out of the recipe, and you can easily cut the pieces into appetizer-size portions. Be sure to use bread that's several days old so it's dry. You can also dry bread in the oven at 300 F for 20 to 30 minutes.
Salted Caramel Sauce
2 cups cane or granulated sugar
1/4 cup water
8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into chunks
1 cup heavy whipping cream
1/2 teaspoon sea salt
Bread Pudding
7 large eggs
1 cup packed light brown sugar
2 cups heavy whipping cream
1 tsp vanilla extract
10 to 12 brioche rolls (dinner roll size), 2 days old, cut into 2-inch cubes (or use other favourite rolls)
1/4 cup finely chopped cooked bacon, plus 4 to 6 strips cooked thick-cut bacon for garnish
Sea salt to taste
Prep time: 30 minutes, total time: two hours (not all active time)
To make caramel sauce: In a heavy-bottomed saucepan with a lid, combine the sugar and ¼ cup water. Stir gently until mixture is consistency of wet sand. Cover and cook over medium heat for 10 minutes. Uncover, reduce heat to low and cook until sugar begins to caramelize and take on colour of dark honey.
Remove from heat and stir in butter with a long-handled whisk. When the butter is fully melted, stir in 1 cup cream and finish with ½ teaspoon sea salt. Let sauce cool for 20 minutes before tasting or using. The sauce will keep in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to one month.
To make bread pudding: In large bowl, whisk eggs, brown sugar, whipping cream and vanilla until completely combined. Add bread cubes and chopped bacon and toss to let bread soak up egg mixture. Lightly press bread mixture into the bowl. Cover surface of bread mixture with plastic and set it aside to rest for 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 F. Butter a 9- by 13-inch baking pan (metal preferred). Spread ¼ cup caramel sauce on bottom of pan, followed by half the bread mixture, then ¼ cup caramel sauce, a pinch of sea salt, then the rest of the bread mixture, and another pinch of sea salt. Drizzle ¼ cup caramel sauce on top. Cover and bake for 30 minutes, then uncover and back 30 minutes more. Serve any extra caramel sauce on the side.
Adapted from "Egg Shop, the Cookbook," by Nick Korbee (William Morrow, $35.)
Asparagus Fontina Tart
Makes 6 servings
You can also cut this tart into smaller squares and serve it as an appetizer.
Flour, for work surface
1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed
5 1/2 ounces (2 cups) Fontina or Gruyère cheese, shredded
1 1/2 pounds medium asparagus
1 tablespoon olive oil
Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper
Prep time: 15 minutes; total time: 45 minutes
Preheat oven to 400 F. On a floured surface, roll the puff pastry into a 16-inch-by-10-inch rectangle. Trim uneven edges. Place pastry on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. With a sharp knife, lightly score pastry dough 1 inch in from the edges to mark a rectangle. Using a fork, pierce dough inside the markings at ½-inch intervals.
Bake until golden, about 15 minutes. Remove pastry shell from oven and sprinkle with the cheese. Trim the bottoms of the asparagus spears to fit crosswise inside the tart shell; arrange in a single layer over Gruyère, alternating ends and tips. Brush with oil, and season with salt and pepper.
Bake until spears are tender, 20 to 25 minutes.
Adapted from www.marthastewart.com.
Ham, Leek and Mushroom Quiche
Makes 6 servings
1 pastry crust for a 9-inch deep-dish pie pan
1 egg white
1 tablespoon butter
1 cup sliced leeks (about 2 leeks, white and light-green parts only, washed well)
2 cups chopped ham
1/2 cup diced red bell pepper
2 cups sliced cremini mushrooms
4 large eggs
1 1/2 cups fat-free or regular half-and-half
1 tbsp Dijon mustard
1 tbsp cornstarch
1/4 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper
1/2 tsp salt
1 1/2 cups favourite shredded cheese, divided
3 green onions, washed, thinly sliced
Preparation time: 20 minutes; total time: 1 hour 20 minutes
Preheat oven to 375 F, with rack in the lowest position. Fit the pie crust into a 9-inch pie plate and flute a high edge. Brush the bottom of the crust with egg white. Fit another pie pan into the crust to hold it in so it doesn't shrink. Bake for eight to 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a large skillet, melt butter over medium heat. Add the leeks, ham and red pepper and sauté about three minutes. Add the mushrooms and sauté until they release their liquid and the liquid evaporates, about three to five minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool.
In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, half-and-half, Dijon, cornstarch, pepper and salt.
Remove the pie crust from the oven. Sprinkle 1 cup of the cheese on the bottom of the crust and top with the ham mixture. Pour egg mixture on top. Sprinkle with the remaining cheese and green onions.
Bake until centre of quiche is just set, about 45 to 50 minutes. If the edges start to get too brown, cover them with pieces of foil.
Remove from oven and let stand 15 minutes before slicing and serving.
Per serving: 435 calories (54 per cent from fat), 26 grams fat (11 g saturated fat), 22 g carbohydrates, 26 g protein, 344 mg sodium, 208 mg cholesterol, 1 g fibre.
Preeclampsia is the most dangerous form of hypertension during a pregnancy and can be fatal for both mother and child. Though it is known to originate in the placenta, the root causes remain largely a mystery. An international research team led by the Max Delbrück Center for Molecular Medicine (MDC) has recently published new findings in the scientific journal Circulation, which reveal that preeclampsia is not in fact a single disease caused solely by genetic factors. Their tests on placenta samples have shown that epigenetically regulated genes play an important role. The Berlin research team also developed an in vitro model of the disorder which demonstrates the dysregulation of an important transcription factor.
The research team compared placental tissue samples and the genetic makeup of patients with preeclampsia with those of healthy women. The entirety of their genetic material was analyzed for genes that are differentially expressed in the preeclamptic versus healthy placentas and checked for disrupted genomic imprinting, which refers to certain genes that are "switched off" on either the paternal or maternal chromosome. This led them to identify the so-called DLX5 gene as a significant transcription factor involved in regulating the activity of other genes in preeclampsia. This gene is usually turned off - or epigenetically "imprinted" - on the paternal chromosome, controlling the proper dosage of gene expression. Due to loss of the regulation by imprinting, DLX5 was strongly upregulated in ca. 70 percent of the samples studied from preeclampsia patients, meaning the gene was switched on in these cases. This study is the first to demonstrate that a change in epigenetic gene regulation by imprinting can contribute to preeclampsia. The scientists also found three separate types of preeclampsia, supporting the view that preeclampsia is a complex disease.
The study involved close collaboration between basic research and clinical institutes. Participants included research groups led by the molecular biologist Dr. Zsuzsanna Izsvák of the MDC and Dr. Ralf Dechend of the Helios clinic in Berlin-Buch and the Experimental and Clinical Research Center (ECRC), a joint institution of MDC and Charité - Universitätsmedizin Berlin. The interdisciplinary team also included researchers from the Berlin Institute of Health (BIH) and the evolution biologist Laurence Hurst from University of Bath, UK.
Development of the in vitro cell model for preeclampsia
Preeclampsia affects around four percent of all pregnancies. Its main symptoms are high blood pressure and protein in the urine. If these symptoms reach dangerous levels, delivery must be induced prematurely. In Germany, preeclampsia causes as many as 20,000 premature births every year. The condition occurs only in humans, and no robust animal models have been proven suitable. The development of an in vitro model is therefore of vital importance.
Here, the Berlin-based research group achieved a real breakthrough. In their in vitro model, they increased the activity of the DLX5 gene in the trophoblastic cells - the outer layer of the embryonic cell that later builds the placenta. The cells showed an increased stress response, which is also observed in patients. This cellular system will now allow for further investigation into the different types of preeclampsia and for new medications and active agents to be found.
Why does this condition only affect humans?
Izsvák and Dechend are already planning the next steps: "We want to find out why this condition occurs only in humans," says Izsvák. "We also hope to find biomarkers for the three types of preeclampsia we have identified," adds Ralf Dechend. "These will help to diagnose or predicting the disease before the actual illness develops."
###
Reference
Julianna Zadora, et al. (2017): "Disturbed Placental Imprinting in Preeclampsia Leads to Altered Expression of DLX5, a Human-Specific Early Trophoblast Marker." Circulation. doi:10.1161/CIRCULATIONAHA.117.028110
The Max Delbrück Center for Molecular Medicine (MDC)
Q: Can I use cornstarch or flour in place of the potato starch in a veggie burger, or do I just need to buy some potato starch? If so, how can I use the remainder? Sauce thickener in place of cornstarch?
A: Both can act as a binder, but the cornstarch might introduce a bit of flavour that's not intended here. Potato starch offers neutrality. On the flip side, if you do buy a bag it'll keep for a long time.
Q: Some recipes call for brushing yeast dough with egg white before baking, while others call for egg yolk mixed with a little water. And I'm sure I've seen recipes that call for whole egg mixed with a bit of water. What's the difference in terms of results?
A: Egg white is nice and sticky, so if you're adding seeds to a bread top, they'll stay where you put them. Egg yolk alone is very yellow. I like to use it on savoury pie crusts. A whole egg is somewhere between, colourwise, just slightly golden. By the way, none of these options, alone, will change the texture of the top, but adding a little sugar to your wash will add some crunch.
In my kitchen where way too much baking goes on, unless I'm adding seeds, I egg wash with whatever I have left in a bowl. If the recipe calls for two eggs, beaten, after adding the eggs, I set the bowl aside in which I've beaten the eggs and later scrape every last bit to make a wash. If I have to separate eggs, I'll use whatever is leftover, the yolk or the white, add a splash of water and brush on the surface. I'm way too frugal; I hate to use up an egg just to wash the surface.
Q: Why do some recipes call for three teaspoons when it could just as easily ask for one tablespoon? Is there something I'm missing?
A: When the recipe breaks down the use of, say, one teaspoon's worth and then the other two, it might help you keep track of what's been used in the directions. Or maybe some folks don't realize that three teaspoons equal one tablespoon?
Q: I found some recipes for ramps compound butter online that suggested blanching them before incorporating it into the butter, and some just said to combine it all inside a food processor. Do you know which method is better?
A: Just whir it in the food processor, no blanching required.
Q: Is there a way to keep berries from sinking to the bottom of a cake?
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Killer Justin Clarke was a minder for the Saudi royal family during their 23 years on the run, police revealed as they began a 25-year jail term .
Clarke, 62, also fought as a mercenary in the Yugoslav war, joining the Bosnia Herzegovina army soon after they had fled Britain to escape justice for killing Paul Milburn, 43, in a drugs sting in 1993.
Clarke served from 1994 to 1996, and in 2007 was awarded Croatian citizenship, with army veteran status that entitled them to a pension.
It is believed they had a girlfriend in Croatia and lived in the capital Zagreb. But they moved around, with living for spells in Split and Makarska.
(Image: South beds)
The former bouncer, who was jailed for life on Wednesday after being convicted of murder , was hired as a security expert for an international engineering firm, working for them in Qatar.
Their colleagues there were interviewed in 2007 by British police, who went to Qatar after getting a tip-off that Clarke had worked there. But they fled before they learned of their whereabouts. It is thought they also spent time in Dubai.
DI Justine Jenkins revealed that when Clarke was finally arrested in 2016 in Berlin, they had a fake British driving licence and a Dutch ID card in the name of Michael Anderson.
Detectives said that straight after the murder, Clarke fled to Paris. DI Jenkins said: “We know they were there at some stage early on after the murder.”
They also spent some time in the French Foreign Legion.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
After Cher Lloyd and husband Craig Monk revealed on social media they'd welcomed daughter Delilah-Rae, it's been reported the news didn't reach everybody.
An ex girlfriend of Craig, has since spoken out to claim the little girl that they share with the dad has yet to be told that they have a little sister.
Sunny Owens-Searle even went as far as saying Craig and their popstar wife had cut six-year-old Tillie out of their lives altogether back in January 2017.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Instagram)
In an interview with The Sun , Sunny said: "I learnt last night that the baby had arrived when a friend sent me a screen shot of Cher's announcement on Instagram.
“I haven't got the heart to tell Tillie yet, and those two have taken no one's feelings into consideration.
“I just tell them they're busy working as the truth will hurt them too much."
(Image: Instagram)
The mum then claimed that Cher and Chris didn't even tell them when they were expecting.
"It breaks my heart that I can't protect them from this rejection and they're both disgraceful people for doing this to her, and now they have a sister who they don't know exists," they said.
Sunny then said they would never stand in the way of Tillie having a relationship with their dad or step-mum Cher and that they hope Craig will get back in touch.
Mirror Online has contacted representatives for comment.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
On Monday Cher announced she'd given birth to a baby girl.
The former X Factor star broke the news on social media with two adorable snaps of their daughter, telling fans they and husband Craig Monk 'are so in love.'
The proud new mum then shared two pictures of their little girl, as they cosied up to their toy bunny rabbit and another of Delilah-Rae sporting their parents' wedding rings on their tiny toes.
Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque says it was the Aquino administration that selected Hyundai Heavy Industries to build two warships for the Philippine Navy
Published 5:22 PM, February 03, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque said on Saturday, February 3, that they welcome an investigation into the Navy frigate supplier Hyundai Heavy Industries (HHI), if only to mean a probe into the Aquino administration, too.
Roque was reacting to a statement by Magdalo Representative Gary Alejano who said HHI has been banned by South Korea in their government bids due to a history of bribery and corruption.
"Congressman Alejano, salamat po. Dahil sa inyong sinabi, iimbestigahan na po natin iyong inyong mga kakampi noong nakalipas na administrasyon," Roque said. (Congressman Alejano, thank you. Because of what you said, we will investigate your allies in the previous administration.)
Roque stressed that it was the administration of former president Benigno Aquino III that selected HHI to build two warships for the Philippine Navy.
"Uulitin ko po, done deal na 'yan nang pumasok ang gobyerno. Ang in-issue lang po ng gobyerno ni Presidente Duterte, iyong notice of award. At sang-ayon naman sa RA 9184 (Procurement Law), ministerial naman po 'yan, kung walang protesta at kung hindi naman po glaring iyong pagiging iligal ng kontrata," Roque said.
(I repeat, that was a done deal when the Duterte administration came in. What the government of President Duterte issued was the Notice of Award. It was pursuant to RA 9184, and was purely ministerial, especially if there were no protests and the supposed contract irregularity was not glaring.)
Roque added: "Kung totoo na blacklisted iyong binigyan nila ng kontrata, dapat managot iyong mga opisyales ng nakalipas na administrasyon at sabihin sa atin bakit naging ganoon ang kanilang desisyon."
(If it's true that they gave a contract to a black listed company, then the officials in the previous administration should be held liable, and explain to us their decision.)
Layers
Alejano's issue against HHI is only the latest to add up to a controversy that has many layers.
While the P15.5-billion deal for the warships was practically completed during the Aquino administration, the Duterte administration is now involved in a crucial second part of the project: Who will provide the Combat Management System (CMS) or the data system of the warships?
HHI decided to buy the CMS from fellow South Korean company Hanwha Systems. The Navy rejected the choice on the ground that its CMS does not comply with the technical specifications agreed upon in the contract.
Former Philippine Navy chief Vice Admiral Ronald Mercado stood by Dutch company Tacticos Thales, which, according to him, is "proven technology."
Rappler obtained documents that showed that while the supplier was being debated, Special Assistant to the President Christopher "Bong" Go intervened.
A white paper endorsing Hanhwa was given to Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana, who, in turn, gave it to the Navy for assessment. Lorenzana wrote in the marginal notes that the white paper came from Go. Go denied it.
When the investigative report came out, Lorenzana clarified that they just assumed the white paper came from Go, but nevertheless said it was handed to them inside Malacañang.
A former undersecretary from Go's office also confirmed that there was a subsequent meeting inside Malacañang to discuss the selection of the CMS supplier.
The investigative report earned the ire of President Rodrigo Duterte who called Rappler "fake news" because of it.
The Senate will investigate the issue, and Go will be among those invited to the hearing. – Rappler.com
RIYADH – The Ministry of Agriculture has made it clear that there was no government move to subsidy on flour and bread. Flour mill organizations sell flour to bakeries at the same fixed rates and according to the daily rations for each organization, Al-Hayat daily reported.
Saudis consume large amounts of bread on a daily basis and almost eat it during the three daily meals. It is the second important staple for them after rice. Saudis consume the largest amount of bread on a daily basis at the global level. The Kingdom relies heavily on importing wheat from abroad to keep sufficient supplies of it. Towards the end of 2016, the country imported over three million ton of wheat.
All those who live in the Kingdom, expatriates included, consume daily 235 gram of wheat and other types of bread. The government has not changed the prices of bread for the last 35 years despite the changes which energy prices have seen lately and the fact that the prices of material used in making bread have increased 300 percent. Because of these changes, many bakeries have gone out of business.
Last October, the Saudi Council of Ministers imposed fines and penalties on bread and flour products which bakeries and factories waste in order to discourage them from this negative practice, which squanders an important resource.
Last year, over 2,000 bakeries in the Eastern Province submitted a proposal to the Ministry of Environment, Water and Agriculture suggesting that the prices of bread should be increased just like the prices of energy resources. However, the ministry warned them against raising the prices or modifying the weight of a loaf of bread. In 2015, the prices of brown and white flour made by the Saudi Grains Organization increased by 14.96 percent for the former and 14.02 percent for the latter.
The average prices of food products set by the General Authority of Statistics showed an increase in the price of brown flour in 2015 up to SR2.27 from SR1.97 in 2014. This increase came at the time when the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) reported a decrease in global wheat prices in 2015 due to large global supply.
The most popular type is Samoli bread which is used for sandwiches and eaten during breakfast. It is especially popular among school students. Samoli is named after an African baker called Issa Al-Somali who introduced it to the country over half a century ago.
Photo Courtesy Nebraska State Patrol
Photo Courtesy Nebraska State Patrol
OMAHA, Neb. (AP) - The Nebraska State Patrol says a Texas man has been arrested after an undercover investigator found 11 pounds of heroin on him, including some strapped to their torso.
Christian Molina, 25, of El Paso, Texas, was charged with possession of a controlled substance and possession with intent to deliver. Molina's arrest photo was not released by investigators.
The patrol says the investigator was at the bus station near downtown Omaha when they saw a man wearing a jacket at 6 a.m. Monday, while temperatures were in the 70s.
The patrol says the man agreed to a search of their bag and backpack, which turned up two clear-wrapped packages of drugs. The patrol says eight more packages wrapped in a band around their torso were found. The estimated street value of the heroin is $250,000.Investigators said Molina was headed to Iowa City. They remain in the Douglas County jail on a $250,000 bond.
(Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Trump Aides Often Contacted Russian Intelligence, 'New York Times' Says
Steve Inskeep talks to Matt Apuzzo of The New York Times about evidence that U.S. spy agencies have that show the Trump campaign was repeatedly in contact with senior Russian intelligence officials.
In my cookbook reviewing days, when most of the Chinese food I ate was Cantonese, Sichuan, or food court, a copy of Duguid and Alford's "Beyond The Great Wall" landed in my mailbox. Through it, I learned about China's diverse cuisines and brought some — including Xinjiang province's Uighur (or Uyghur; pronounced "wee-gur") dishes — into my kitchen. In the decade since I reviewed that book, Waterloo Region's culinary landscape has expanded, and new-to-us foods found their home here. One of these is Uighur cuisine at Waterloo's Bogda Restaurant.
Outside the university district restaurant, the combined aromas of warm Middle Eastern, Indian, and Chinese kitchens hung in the chilly evening air. Inside the bright and cosy space, we snatched glimpses of Kashgar's market: doppas (embroidered men's peaked skullcaps), painted ceramics, carved ornaments, and small richly decorated rugs. Photographs of the Bogda Shan mountain range lined the walls. We took a table as groups of students started or ended their meals.
Dishes range from salads and soups to dumplings and meat pies to soupy noodle bowls to stir-frys to braised dishes. Diners can find traditional favourites — dapanji/big plate chicken (spicy chicken and potatoes with noodles), polo (lamb pilau), and fresh-made läghmän (wheat noodles). About one-third of the menu is described as "Uyghur-style," which may not help those unfamiliar with the cuisine.
The food reflects a culture influenced by Xinjiang's neighbours and shaped by centuries on the Silk Road. The province borders several Central Asian countries as well as Russia, Pakistan, India, and Mongolia. Lamb and beef feature often; chicken and offal also appear. Countless numbers of caravans also left their influences: chay (chai), kawap (kebab), nan (naan), polo (pilau), shorpa (çorba), tawa (tava).
The kitchen released a procession of dishes and bowls, as each was ready. Portions are hearty and innately shareable, with each dish plenty enough for two or three people (or one ravenous student).
We started with Atkan Chay ($5). The milky black tea came in (quite frankly) a gorgeous copper teapot that was hand-decorated with a simple floral pattern. We chose the sweet tea, but salty chay was an option.
We tore pieces of kalonji (nigella seed)-freckled Nan ($5) to pinch mouthfuls of Kazan Kawap ($15). The stamped pattern on the nan produced a quilted effect on the tender-crumbed wheat flatbread. Cumin and pepper (two signature Uighur spices) punctuated the kazan kawap — stir-fried tender slices of lamb with onion.
The Samsak Tamlik Tarhamak ($7) — chunked cucumbers in a light salad dressing mixed with a generous helping of minced garlic — wasn't for the faint-hearted (which we weren't). The cool crunch of the veg was a pleasant foil against the lamb's spiciness and bread's softness. Sopping up puddles of thin garlicky-cucumber dressing with nan was a small joy.
The Shorpa ($13) — a consommé with onion and chunks of lamb on the bone — was a good choice for a cold winter night. The broth was gingery and the meat tender. Lily pads of fresh coriander floated on top.
Our final selection (there weren't desserts) was Korma Lagman ($13), a dish with bell peppers, cabbage, onion, beef slices, and hand-pulled noodles in tomato gravy. The long bouncy strands reminded my companion of ones made by their Hungarian grandmother. The gravy balanced savoury with sweet, hinted of garlic and ginger, and tingled with Sichuan pepper.
War on Women – Capture the Flag
The “War on Women” is a made-up, now-clichéd pejorative slogan in politics used to describe certain Republican Party policies as a wide-scale effort to restrict “women's rights.” The term is often used to describe opposition to the contraceptive mandate in Obamacare and policies to defund organizations that perform abortions, such as Planned Parenthood. The cliché again gained attention in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, when Donald Trump drew notice for making “inflammatory” statements. The truth is, there is no real “War on Women.” Women can get abortions really anytime they'd like (at the time of writing this there have been about 339,707 total abortions in the U.S. so far in 2018, compare that to only 3,575 murders by gun, which is what everyone is protesting and getting so bent out of shape over as of late). Birth control? It's covered by your healthcare, and even if it wasn't it's inexpensive-to-free anyway. There were a lot of wars going on in the Middle East, bombings, drone strikes and the like under the Obama administration (he bombed seven countries) that actually killed women and no one really seemed to care about that. There wasn't much media coverage, no mass protest, no real liberal outrage. No one really marched on Washington until Donald Trump became President, sadly, and it wasn't over war. The wars that actually killed women didn't matter much, but suddenly there was a war that truly mattered, a made-up war, a war that mostly supposedly affected white people and their made-up, non-issue problems in their head – “The War on Women.” And you got to wear a doofus pussy hat, too.
War On Women, however, is a corny-as-hell punk band for morons that know nothing about music. They're supposed to be this feminist band (but there are two dudes in it for some reason) that writes on-the-nose, middle school-ish songs with hackneyed titles like “Predator in Chief,” “Divisive Shit,” and “Dick Pic” that any idiot with a low IQ could write.
War On Women is the band that infamously started “The Dickies controversy” last summer and got The Dickies thrown off, banned from the Warped Tour, and then trolled on the Internet by SJW, White Knight, PC thought-police “punks.” Why? Because War On Women were so offended by The Dickies' penis puppet joke prop. Offended by a joke penis puppet? Adults? Keep in mind this isn't a Christian band. This is supposed to be a punk band. They should change their name to War On Comedy, or to War On Art, or War On Letting Things Go, or maybe War On Punk, all those would be way more appropriate.
Punk has seemingly become only about providing safe spaces for folks to create mediocre, vanilla products that won't offend anyone. If anyone goes against the ever changing rule book that makes absolutely no sense whatsoever they're shamed and cast out by the group that now believes in groupthink and authoritarianism (even though they rail against these things) rather than individual freedom and free speech. Political correctness is destroying rock ‘n' roll.
I fear the Christian Right LESS than these kinds of people.
BTW, this record was like taking a dumpster dive behind a Planned Parenthood, but if that's like your fetish, you might get off on War On Women's trite and sophomoric wannabe rage.
War On Women
Capture The Flag
[Bridge 9]
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Why do we bother suspending the football season for a fortnight when England internationals are so boring the fans have to throw paper planes for entertainment?
It deprives the title race of momentum and continuity.
And it's absurd that when the Premier League resumes next week, each club will have played only seven games by mid-October – yet most big clubs will have to play eight games in December alone.
After four more league games between now and the first weekend in November, guess what happens?
Yes, the music stops again for yet another international break.
England have gone 38 games without defeat in qualifiers for major tournaments – and yet their record at recent European Championships and World Cups is dreadful: four wins out of the last 15 games.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Whatever else these repetitious international breaks are doing for England, it's not helping them win matches when it matters.
I understand that these qualifying matches have to be played. I know you have to earn the right to play at big tournaments.
But I just wish the season didn't grind to a halt every three weeks to accommodate England's fourth game with Slovenia in three years or their third game against Slovakia in 15 months. It's hard to get excited about them.
I can't wait for the Premier League to return next week – because as pleased as I was that Scotland managed to stay alive, Wales have battled to rekindle their Euro 2016 heroics and Northern Ireland have punched way above their weight on the road to Russia 2018, I have been bored out of my brains watching England.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
We need the excitement of a thrilling title race, and it looks like we're going to get one.
Before a ball was kicked, I said it would be a shoot-out between Pep Guardiola and Jose Mourinho, and the trophy would go to Manchester.
That's the way it's shaping up. Guardiola is a year older and wiser about the consistency required to win the Premier League, and the sheer quality of Manchester City's win at Chelsea last week was a big statement.
(Image: REUTERS)
But Mourinho looks like they mean business again, and Manchester United are going to go to-to-toe with the noisy neighbours.
During the boring passages at Wembley the other night – which was basically the first 92 minutes – I jotted down my combined City-United XI based on current form and long-term/persistent injuries.
On that basis, Vincent Kompany and Bernard Mendy – who would both have made my hybrid XI when fully fit – miss out. Here's my combined team, with a diamond formation in midfield, two up front and £326 million of talent on the bench alone!
David De Gea (Captain)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Although Ederson has been brave, and their distribution is excellent, I've gone for De Gea because he's the best goalkeeper in the Premier League and so consistent.
Kyle Walker
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Admittedly Antonio Valencia has been a revelation at right-back, and their goal against Everton was sensational, but Walker's mobility takes some beating in this position.
Eric Bailly
(Image: PA Wire)
He's become the first-choice centre back in an area where United needed to improve and in their performances there's a sense of cream rising to the top.
Phil Jones
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Perhaps a shade controversial, but they have done exceptionally well this season. In Kompany's absence, and on current form, I can't justify leaving them out in favour of Nicolas Otamendi, John Stones, Chris Smalling or Daley Blind.
Ashley Young
(Image: REUTERS)
Only last year, their days at Old Trafford appeared to be numbered. Now he's playing ahead of Blind and Luke Shaw at left-back on merit. Mendy, who had been mightily impressive for City, would have been my choice here, but sadly they are out for the season.
Nemaja Matic
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Arguably United's most influential player this season, and I would have them sitting at the base of a diamond ahead of every other holding midfielder in the Premier League right now.
Kevin De Bruyne
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
I once queried whether they were worth the £54m City paid to bring them back to English football – but they have been simply fantastic.
Paul Pogba
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
De Bruyne on the right, Pogba on the left... if you wanted to construct your central midfield dream team, that would take some beating.
David Silva
(Image: Matthew Lewis)
I'll never tire of watching them play, especially in that No.10 role between the lines. In a diamond formation, nobody is better-suited to it.
Sergio Aguero
(Image: Alex Livesey)
Get well soon after your accident in a taxi. I fancy City's all-time goalscoring record will fall as soon as they get back from their broken rib.
Romelu Lukaku
(Image: AFP)
In a 4-2-3-1 shape, I might have done the unthinkable and left them out instead of Aguero. But they have been so awesome that I had to find a way to keep them in this side.
SUBS :
Ederson (£35m – the world's most expensive goalkeeper)
John Stones (£47m – much improved on last season)
Marouane Fellaini (£28m – because they offer something different)
Bernardo Silva (£43m – you can never have too many Silvas in your squad)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Leroy Sané (£37m – still only 21 and getting better)
Anthony Martial (£36m – proving they were right to stay at United)
Marcus Rashford (£100m – and that's just a starting point for any offers)
MANAGER : Jose Mourinho – They know their way round the Premier League, they have won three titles and they have the look of a man who can scent a fourth.
The City-United derby is not until December, so you have two months to argue over my selections above, which are narrowly 10-8 in United's favour – although Kompany and Mendy would have tipped the balance the other way if they were fit.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dancing on Ice is one of the most nerve jangling reality shows out there.
The ice skating competition has finally returned after four long years of being off our screens for its tenth series.
Both Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean are back at the helm and guiding a new group of celebrities through the moves which defined their careers.
Although there have been a few notable changes - including a revamped judging panel - the series is back with a bang.
But who are the well-known faces? And how long will the series be back for? Ahead of the 2018 final we reveal everything we know so far about the show so far...
What time is Dancing On Ice on?
Dancing On Ice is keeping to tradition of being on screens every Sunday night on ITV with a 2 hour slot from 6pm .
The new series was perfectly-timed for the post-Christmas comedown when it kicked off on 7 January.
How long is the series on for?
When looking back at previous dates, the highly competitive, and not to mention dangerous, skating contest is expected to last for around 6 weeks, climaxing in March.
So we can expect to see one celebrity crowned the winner by Spring.
How to watch Dancing On Ice live
You can tune into each episode every Sunday night on ITV at 6pm - but if you aren't at home you can watch live online from ITV Hub on a mobile device.
24 hours after each show, episodes will be added to ITV hub so you can catch up on what you have missed.
Who are the presenters?
Original hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield are back on presenting duties for series ten.
After six series Holly was replaced by Christine Bleakley in 2011, who went on to host the show alongside Phil for three more years.
But fans are delighted the Morning pair have been re-united once again for the revamped show. It means they'll have to spend weekends as well as weekdays in each others company over the next few weeks.
Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield
(Image: ITV)
Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby announced on This Morning that they would be back on hosting duties.
Phillip said: "I'm often told how much people have missed Dancing on Ice, and with the show so fondly remembered, it's exciting for us all to now have the chance to breath new life into the show, and of course spending an extra day of the week with Holly is the icing on the cake."
(Image: thismorning/Twitter)
Holly added: "I'm so excited to be returning to a show that I love so much. Working with Jayne and Chris is always such an honour and it's even more special as it's the show that Phil and I first worked on together ... it's full of wonderful memories and I can't wait to make some new ones."
(Image: Philip Coburn)
Who are the judges?
Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean
(Image: ITV)
Ice skating legends Jane Torvill and Christopher Dean have got a promotion this year from coaches to judges.
Prepare for some insider critique from the pair who famously won gold team for team GB competing in the 1984 Winter Olympics with their Bolero routine.
Revealing the big news on This Morning, Torvill said: "Chris and I are going to be head judges this time. We're nervous and excited as we've never been judges before."
Jason Gardiner
(Image: ITV)
Mr Nasty is back!
Long-standing judge and self-certified Mr Nasty, Jason Gardiner has returned to strike fear into the very hearts of the contestants.
As if dancing on ice live in front of millions wasn't scary enough, the celebrities have to face the wrath of Jase who once compared Sharron Davis to "faecal matter before it's flushed."
YIKES.
"We have seen some remarkable people come through Dancing on Ice and to see that journey is amazing," Jason said at their unveiling, in a rare moment of nicety.
(Image: Supplied by WENN)
Ashley Banjo
(Image: ITV)
Injecting some fresh blood into the judging panel this year is Britain's Got Talent Winner Ashley Banjo.
The Diversity star broke the news live on Loose Women, telling the panel they couldn't wait to get started.
"This show feels like it's been embedded into society. I was really excited to be part of the revamp," they said.
Ashley also addressed criticism that he's not a trained ice skater himself, saying: "By no means am I professional skater. But there are so many other elements involved."
Having previously judged hopefuls on Got To Dance, Ashley is well used to dishing out constructive criticism.
Who is the commentator?
Matt Chapman commentated on the first show, but came in for heavy criticism and has returned to ITV's horseracing coverage.
They have since been replaced by talkSPORT presenter Sam Matterface .
Who are the Dancing on Ice contestants?
Check out our page on the full Dancing on Ice line-up to get the run down on each celebrity.
Here are the 2018 contestants...
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
(Image: ITV)
4. Jake Quickenden
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
5. Candice Brown - OUT in week one
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
8. Alex Beresford
(Image: ITV)
(Image: PA)
10. Perri Shakes-Drayton - OUT in week three
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
11. Antony Cotton
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
12. Stephanie Waring - OUT in week two
A teenager from Bristol who is fast becoming one of Britain's most promising teenage chefs is facing a fight for their future after being told they will have to get out of the country and return to a ‘troubled and distressing life' in poverty-ravaged Albania.
Ali made a remarkable transformation from a 16-year-old refugee who arrived in Bristol one day two years ago with nothing but a smattering of English, and is now the protégé of a Michelin-starred chef.
But now they and John Stokes, the foster carer who took them in, are hurriedly raising funds to fight for them to be allowed to stay – and fulfil their dream of being one of Britain's top chefs.
Mr Stokes, who takes in children as a temporary foster carer at their home in Kingswood, has told Ali's amazing story, and said they are a shining example of how, given the opportunity, someone like Ali can thrive and contribute to the UK.
(Image: Michael lloyd)
Ali, now 18, has just completed their second year of a food technology course at the City of Bristol College's Skills Academy at Hengrove, and has excelled in it, despite starting late within weeks of arriving in Bristol, and not knowing any of the technical English words for ingredients, equipment or methods of cooking.
 They are already a star chef, finishing in the top 3 of a national competition, being asked by the college to produce the food for special events.
And they so impressed Simon Hulstone, the Michelin-star chef who runs the Elephant restaurant in Devon, that they have installed Ali in their kitchen and has joined the fight to persuade the Home Office to let them stay in the UK.
Mr Stokes said Ali had a difficult childhood in rural Albania, was badly treated by their family, often locked in a hut and was rarely allowed to go to school. Mr Stokes said Ali's traumatic childhood meant that they escaped with the help of a friend at the age of 16. Even now they are too afraid of the repercussions from their family that they are reluctant to give their surname. Being sent back to Albania is not an option for him, Mr Stokes said.
“He left Albania and their intention was just to get out. They made their way through Italy and France, and because I think others were heading there who they met up with, they ended up at The Jungle in Calais.
“This was two years ago. It took them several weeks to get there. When they left they only wanted to get away. They had a smattering of English, so had a vague idea he'd like to end up there,” they added.
(Image: Michael Lloyd)
“He left a sheltered life, he'd only been out of their village once or twice. There's a lot of family feud stuff going on, especially in rural Albania, and it wasn't safe for him,” they added.
After a short time in Calais, Ali stowed onto the back of a lorry, and jumped out when it stopped. They found themselves early in the morning in Bristol, without even knowing where they are.
“It must have been daunting. They said they just wondered around asking people where to go for help. They were only 16, and a very young 16 – they were basically a child. When you think of what could have happened, who could have offered to help them with bad intentions, either in Calais or in Bristol, it doesn't bear thinking about,” added Mr Stokes.
“Someone pointed them in the direction of the council offices in St Paul's and they made it there. That's when they phoned me,” added Mr Stokes. “They said they had someone who needed a bed for the night.”
“I take in foster kids, usually teenagers, but sometimes younger. Sometimes for a long time, sometimes a short time. I've done it for 25 years and try not to get too attached, because they might leave the following week, but I provide them with a family.
“Ali was reserved at first, very quiet that first night, that first week. They expressed an interest in cooking and we got them enrolled at college. For the first couple of days we went with them on the bus, two buses from Kingswood then out to Hengrove.
“It takes them a long time each day, but they were never fazed. They said he'd been across Europe, so going across Bristol was easy,” they added.
Ali soon began to excel at college. And that meant a change in the Stokes foster care household. “All they wanted to do was practice. And then binge watch cooking programmes.
“He asked me if they could reorganise my kitchen, and I let him, and they did and now they cook everything. Whereas before I'd be producing pretty standard meals for the kids, now we've never eaten better. I don't think the microwave has been used for months,” they laughed.
“Ali worked incredibly hard. They used to come back mystified why some of the other students on their course didn't seem bothered, didn't want to be there or didn't turn up. They were like a huge sponge, soaking it all up,” they added. “He hadn't been allowed to go to school, they were making up for lost time.”
After impressing in a national chef competition, Ali was invited down to Simon Houlstone's Elephant restaurant in Devon, impressed the Michelin-star chef so much that they were invited down for a week's work experience, then offered a job.
“Every moment he's not at college he'll be down there working, he's been there all summer holiday so far,” said Mr Stokes.
But the cloud on the horizon was whether Ali would be allowed to stay in this country. They initially applied for asylum as an unaccompanied minor, and was turned down because the EU's policy on people escaping from Albania is that they should all be sent back.
They were given a temporary visa which ran out when they were 17 and a half, but a fresh application for leave to remain in Britain, made in November 2016 was rejected a couple of weeks ago.
Mr Stokes and their friends, along with Mr Houlstone, are now planning to fight an appeal against that rejection.
“His only option is to appeal and he's not entitled to legal aid,” said Mr Stokes. “It would cost £5,000 a day for a barrister and I've put what I can in, but for me it's not about the money, it's about allowing someone who is already being a brilliant citizen in this country the chance to have a great life here and contribute hugely to this country.
“I'm not expecting to raise loads of money, just some to help, really. It will be great if we can persuade them to let Ali stay,” they added.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Last year fans of high street fashion favourite River Island were able to snap up huge discounts on clothing, accessories and footwear in the retailer's Black Friday discounts.
With just over a month to go, the brand already has its Black Friday page up on the website so bookmark the page and keep your eyes peeled for further updates closer to the sale event.
Last year the retailer offered savings on items both online and in store to lure customers buying ahead of the festive period. However, most shoppers choose to shop online early on the day, beating the long queues in store. You've been warned!
(Image: Getty)
Best River Island deals - and how to find them?
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Below are the key sections online where you'll find the deals on Black Friday: Women's offers, Men's offers and Kids' offers.
Keep an eye on the brand's River Island Black Friday page for all the latest news and information about the shopping event.
Sign up to the River Island newsletter to get information on all the best deals first - straight into your inbox.
You can also stay in the loop by following the brand on Twitter: @riverisland or Facebook for the latest news.
And you can check back here for all the latest offers, news and rumours.
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican Pause
2:23 One arrest as protesters block DeVos from D.C. middle school
0:46 Dozens rally at Tacoma's Northwest Detention Center after Seattle arrest
1:41 Fly Ty and Jacinda Jacobs on togetherness
0:51 Marvin Williams: Charlotte Hornets still headed to playoffs
3:36 Treasury Secretary Mnuchin announces Venezuela sanctions
0:51 Trump administration eases Russian sanctions to allow U.S. tech exports
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from State House grounds
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Matt Dawson has paid tribute to the two England scrum-halves set to remove their name from the Red Rose record book.
Ben Youngs starts their 56th Test against Italy tomorrow, overtaking the World Cup winner's record of most starts for an England halfback.
Danny Care will then equal Dawson's mark for most caps as England scrum-half when they come off the bench to win their 77th cap.
“I couldn't think of two more deserving players to be England most-capped and most starting scrum halves,” said the Mirror columnist.
(Image: Getty)
“Primarily I'm proud to call them both my friends and I've thoroughly enjoyed watching them help drive England's current success.
“In such a contact-driven sport their guile and mind for the game at the highest level is world class and I've the upmost confidence the pair of them will taste even more success in the next year or so.
“It's a record I'm sure they would have been quietly targeting as I know how immensely proud I was to hold it.
“Their dedication to the game is incredible but the journey is not yet over. They are desperate for the main goal of World Cup glory and I back them the whole way.”
RAIL UNION RMT confirmed today that guards and drivers on Southern Rail will strike again, in the on-going disputes over the safety impact of the extension of Driver Only Operation and the removal of guards from services.
Members will strike for 24 hours between 0001 hours and 2359 hours on Wednesday 22nd February 2017.
The announcement comes after the RMT aaccused Southern of deliberately wrecking the talks saying they had made “a mockery of the negotiating process and chose to completely ignore the safety issues” at the heart of the matter.
Mick Cash, RMT General Secretary, said: “The abject failure by Southern Rail in yesterday's talks to take the safety issues seriously has left us with no option but to confirm further action. These disputes could have been settled if Southern/GTR had listened to our case and given the guarantee of a second-safety critical member of staff on their trains.
“Instead they have shifted the goal posts even further and have now created a “strikebreakers' charter” where one of the numerous new conditions where trains can run driver – only is during industrial action.
“The full detail of Southern's plan is far worse than anyone could have anticipated. This is dire news, not just for staff, but for passengers who rightly demand a safe, reliable and accessible service. RMT will not walk away from the fight for a railway that puts public safety before private profit.
“It is now down to Southern/GTR to face up to their responsibilities and engage in genuine and serious talks that address our issues.”
I walked past two friends of my daughters, fundraising for the Mary Potter Hospice in Wellington.
As well as feeling proud that these young women were choosing to fill their free time with such worthy pursuits, the sight of the “hospice” logo brought back some very vivid memories for me.
Some years ago now, my gentle loving mother-in-law was told they had motor neurone disease. This has to be one of the cruellest diseases in the world.
Gradual loss of all motor ability, including movement, speech and eventually swallowing and breathing, yet retention of mental and cognitive faculties – I suspect it is a deeply frightening journey to be going through, and I fervently hope scientists around the world are making progress towards an eventual cure.
Until then, I had no idea that patients with illnesses like this could even access the hospice service, let alone be offered such a wide range of support – I had always assumed that the hospice only catered for people with cancer, at the very end of their life.
Over the years that followed, as my mother-in-law's health declined, the local hospice played a hugely important role in their care.
They offered a regular place of respite – very aptly named, as it does indeed provide relief for not only the patient but their caregivers too.
During these respite stays, the skilled hospice team could reassess their needs, adjust medications, and offer the kind of holistic care that is difficult for families to provide at home.
Arts and craft sessions, massages for tired limbs and achy muscles, and sympathetic counselling when required are just some of the benefits we saw during their visits there.
The fact that families, and especially grandchildren, were welcome there made it a place surprisingly full of life and vitality, and often laughter amidst the grief. Continue reading
Dr Cathy Stephenson is a GP and forensic medical examiner.
News category: Opinion.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the moment Bristol football fans reacted as England beat Colombia in a heart-stopping penalty shootout.
England made it through the final 16 stage of the 2018 World Cup and will progress to the quarter finals a nail-biting game that went into extra time and the dreaded penalties.
But the young team kept English hopes alive, and Bristol fans celebrated in emphatic style at bars, pubs and homes across the city.
Adam Tutton and Michael Mullins filmed this amazing video of the moment a huge roar can be heard across Bristol as the shootout came to a climactic finish.
Fans also spilled out of the Stars bar in Clifton and gathered in the middle of Queens Road within minutes of the final whistle.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Video footage shows dozens of fans singing and chanting in the road while traffic was forced to come to a complete standstill.
The Three Lions made it to the final eight of the football tournament for the first time since 2002 after Eric Dier coolly slotted home the winner.
The tie went to penalties after Harry Kane's spot-kick during the second-half was cancelled out by Yerry Mina's stoppage time header.
ATLANTA (AP) — The Latest on the certification of votes in the Atlanta mayoral runoff election (all times local):
5:50 p.m.
The vote tallies for the runoff election in the Atlanta mayoral race are official, but with a razor-thin margin remaining, the trailing candidate says they plan to ask for a recount.
Election officials in Fulton and DeKalb counties, which both include parts of Atlanta, on Monday certified their election results. The official combined tally was 92,502.
Advertisement
Keisha Lance Bottoms remains in the lead with 46,667, or 50.45 percent, and Mary Norwood has 45,835 votes, or 49.55 percent. The 832 votes that separate them amount to less than 1 percent of the total.
Norwood has 48 hours from the Monday certification in each county to request a recount and told reporters they would likely do so Tuesday. Elections officials in both counties have said they could probably have a recount done by the end of the week.
___
1:40 p.m.
Atlanta is a step closer to having an official record of how close its mayoral election runoff was.
Fulton County election officials on Monday morning certified the county's vote totals from the Dec. 5 runoff. Election officials in DeKalb County, which also includes part of Atlanta, planned to certify their results later Monday.
The official Fulton County results show Keisha Lance Bottoms with 42,887 votes, or 51.33 percent, and Mary Norwood with 40,668, or 48.67 percent.
That represents a slight bump for Bottoms in Fulton County. They had 42,747 votes, or 51.28 percent, compared with Norwood's 40,612, or 48.72 percent, in unofficial Fulton tallies released the day after the election.
Norwood told reporters after the Fulton count was certified Monday that they planned to ask for a recount.
“It is absolutely imperative that we take a look at every single ballot,” they said.
Fulton County elections director Richard Barron said their staff could likely complete a recount Thursday if Norwood made their request Monday.
Norwood previously ran for mayor in 2009, when they lost to Mayor Kasim Reed by 714 votes. They requested a recount in that election, and it ultimately produced one additional vote.
The Tuesday runoff between Bottoms, who is black, and Norwood, who is white, split Atlanta just about in half after a campaign marked by political grudges and allegations of corruption, and a turnout of less than 20 percent of the city's roughly 500,000 residents.
A victory for Bottoms would give Atlanta its sixth consecutive black mayor since Maynard Jackson was elected to the office in 1973. An upset by Norwood would give the city its first-ever white, female mayor.
Several people confronted Fulton election officials at Monday's meeting, saying members of the public were prevented from observing as votes were counted after the polls closed on Dec. 5. They said officers aggressively obstructed them and threatened them with arrest.
Barron said the tabulation happened in public view and that the people who claimed obstruction were being disruptive.
The secretary of state's office has opened an investigation into public access to vote tabulation in Fulton County, spokesperson Candice Broce said. They declined to release any details since the investigation is ongoing.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Max Branning drops a massive bombshell in tonight's explosive EastEnders.
The new car lot owner makes out they want to mend bridges with their neighbours but has something shocking to reveal.
Their return has not gone down well with the Albert Square residents, who hate them even more after they discover what he's been up to.
Mick and Linda Carter, who have not forgiven them for nearly causing them to lose the pub, warn them to stay away from the Queen Vic.
But they managers to find a new ally in the form of Mel Owen, who lets them use the E20 club.
(Image: BBC)
They also have a reunion with Stacey, who is stunned by what they hear.
So what is Max's big secret?
Meanwhile, Tiffany fears they will be kicked out of Walford and tries to get on Whitney's good side by arranging a video call with halfway.
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
However, things don't exactly go to plan as Halfway doesn't answer, sparking fears for their safety.
Elsewhere, Arshad discovers that the CCTV around their house has been vandalised.
They warn Masood that they should call the police and the social services to protect baby Harvey.
*EastEnders airs tonight on BBC One at 7.30pm
WASHINGTON — Two-time Cy Young Award winner Max Scherzer is scheduled to pitch Game 3 of Washington's NL Division Series against the Chicago Cubs, after Gio Gonzalez starts Game 2.
Nationals manager Dusty Baker finally announced their rotation plans, just a few hours before Game 1 of the series on Friday night.
Scherzer's playoff debut this year was delayed because they tweaked their right hamstring in their last regular-season appearance. They had been slated to throw a bullpen session off a mound Wednesday, then Thursday, but finally did so on Friday.
For Gonzalez, 15-9 with a 2.96 ERA in 2017, Saturday's game will be their fifth career post-season start but only second at home. Their other Nationals Park playoff outing came in 2012, when they were staked to a 6-0 lead in the deciding Game 5 of an NLDS against the St. Louis Cardinals but Washington wound up losing 9-7.
The left-hander said they had been preparing to pitch in Game 3 at Wrigley Field until they were told Wednesday to get ready for Game 2.
Washington's Game 1 batting order against Kyle Hendricks included 2015 NL MVP Bryce Harper hitting second, after leadoff man Trea Turner. Anthony Rendon hits third, followed by Daniel Murphy and Ryan Zimmerman. Harper returned last week after missing 42 games with an injured left knee.
"Perhaps he'll get fastballs with Trea getting on base, which is important, and we know that Bryce isn't back 100 per cent timing-wise," Baker said. "So you want to not have them in those key RBI situations right now. By next week or end of this five-game series, we might do something different."
Chicago's lineup also has a past NL MVP in the No. 2 hole: 2016 honoree Kris Bryant, who is followed by Anthony Rizzo, Willson Contreras and Kyle Schwarber.
The teams' NLDS rosters were released Friday morning, and John Lackey made Chicago's 25-man list. Lackey was not among the starting pitchers that Cubs manager Joe Maddon already had announced, so their status was in doubt. Lackey, a right-hander, has won three World Series titles, but they were only 12-12 with a 4.59 ERA this season for the NL Central champions.
Also in Chicago's bullpen, in a mild surprise, is left-hander Justin Wilson, who had a 5.09 ERA in 17 2/3 innings with the Cubs after arriving from the Detroit Tigers in a trade. But they also have this key career stat: Murphy is 0 for 6 against Wilson with three strikeouts.
Miranda Lambert is reportedly romancing Evan Felker.
The 34-year-old singer - who was previously married to Blake Shelton from 2011 to 2015, and broke up with ex-boyfriend Anderson East earlier this year - is believed to have struck up a new relationship with fellow musician Evan, who is a member of the neo-folk band Turnpike Troubadours.
A source told Us Weekly magazine: "They are very much involved."
Evan's band are currently opening for Miranda on their 'Livin' Like Hippies' tour, which kicked off in January and runs until June.
Another insider told the publication that the pair "started spending a lot more time together while on the road," when things just "happened" between them, and they've been romantically involved ever since.
News of Miranda's split from musician Anderson - whom they dated for two years - was first reported earlier this month.
A source said at the time: "They have spent a lot of time apart, but potentially could end up back together. The love is still there."
Despite only recently having the break-up confirmed, the 'House That Built Me' hitmaker fuelled speculation they had parted ways in March, when they they spoke out about heartbreak.
Before performing their track 'Tin Man', Miranda said: "I make it my mission every single time I step on the stage that no matter what, no matter where I am, I want to make you feel everything you could possibly feel. I want you to feel sad, mad, happy and nostalgic and really p****d sometimes. And part of feelings is also heartbreak, unfortunately. But fortunately for me, I can use it for my art or whatever. I like to write sad songs. I like to listen to sad songs, so I want to sing y'all one."
Meanwhile Evan has recently filed for divorce from their wife Staci Nelson, whom they have been married to since 2016. According to Us Weekly, Evan filed for divorce on February 16, with Staci filing 12 days later.
They were walking home from an Easter meal with their family when the stranger walked up to Robert Godwin Sr.
The two talk briefly before the stranger pulls out a gun and fires.
Now, police are desperately hunting for the man who killed Godwin and uploaded the video on Facebook, while Godwin's friends and family are trying to make sense of the senseless death of the 74-year-old man.
“This man right here was a good man. I hate he's gone … I don't know what I'm going to do. … It's not real,” Godwin's son told CNN affiliate WOIO.
The son told the Cleveland Plain Dealer their father was a retired foundry worker who had nine children and 14 grandchildren. They enjoyed fishing and often was seen walking around with a plastic bag in their hand as they collected aluminum cans they saw on the ground.
That's what they were doing Sunday in Cleveland's Glenville neighborhood, a shopping bag in their hand. They had just finished an Easter meal.
They hugged my wife and me and said ‘I'll see you guys next time,'” Godwin Jr. recounted. “I said ‘OK, enjoy your Easter.'”
A chat, then a shot
In the video, apparently recorded by the suspect, Steve Stephens, a person is getting out of a car in a residential area and says, “Here's somebody I'm about to kill. I'm about to kill this guy right here. An old dude.”
The person walks up, stops Godwin on the sidewalk and talks to him. Then the video shows a gun pointed at Godwin's head. The gun is fired. Godwin recoils and falls to the ground.
Police don't believe Godwin and Stephens knew each other.
The video was later removed by Facebook, but it was still being widely shared online early Monday.
Ryan Godwin, who said he's a grandson of Godwin's, had asked people to stop sharing it.
“Please please please stop retweeting that video and report anyone who has posted it! That is my grandfather show some respect,” Ryan Godwin wrote on Twitter Sunday afternoon.
Police have launched a manhunt for Stephens, calling them armed and dangerous. They believe he's left Ohio and may be in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana or Michigan. An aggravated murder warrant has been issued for him.
Stephens' mother said their son was randomly shooting people because they were angry at a girlfriend. Police have not talked about a possible motive behind the shooting of Godwin.
While the manhunt goes on, Godwin's family is just starting the grieving process.
“It's not real. (My father) was a good guy. They would give you the shirt off their back,” Robert Godwin Jr. told WOIO. “Feels like my heart is gonna stop.”
There were at least nine GoFundMe pages set up online soliciting funds to help Godwin's family, but Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said the family is asking people not to contribute to any of those pages because they weren't set up by the family. Williams said the family is in the process of setting up an official GoFundMe page that will be released later Monday through the police department.
By Doug Criss, CNN
Usain Bolt suggests they could be as good as Wayne
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal have stood still, and PSG have overtaken them.
That's the opinion of former Liverpool and Manchester City midfielder Steve McMahon, who spoke about the progression of the Ligue 1 club after their 4-0 win over Barcelona on Tuesday.
Discussing their performance on Astro SuperSport's EPL Live coverage show, in Malaysia, which you can see above, McMahon praised the ambition of the French side.
And suggested that it is their high standards - their want to do better than simply qualify for the Champions League - that has seen them all but book a spot in the quarter-finals.
In contrast Arsenal, who will go head to head in the first leg of their Round of 16 clashes with Bayern Munich on Wednesday night, have "stood still", according to the 55-year-old.
"This is where PSG have changed and upped the ante a little bit," explained McMahon.
"They know that winning the French league, it's there, it's a 'give me' almost.
(Photo: Arsenal FC via Getty)
(Photo: AFP)
"OK they are struggling, they are three points behind the leaders at the moment, Monaco, but they've put that to bed and said 'that's a give me.
"Now where can we be, how can we make us stronger?' Making them stronger is quarter-finals, semi-finals of the Champions League. No, they want one better than this.
(Photo: AFP/Getty Images)
"You can see it this year now with the buys that they have made, the ambition in the club, no longer is qualifying for the Champions League important.
"They want to go a long way in the Champions League, whereas Arsenal have stood still, and PSG have overtaken them."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man was viciously slapped and punched in a shocking street attack by a complete stranger, as shocked witnesses watched in horror.
The woman was filmed screaming obscenities at the victim on a busy road in Glasgow.
A witness said the man refused to be provoked, and they have been praised online for not reacting to the assault.
It is not clear what sparked the unidentified woman to attack the man, who is seen in the video being loudly slapped as onlookers winced.
The person who filmed the footage, who asked not to be identified, said: "The woman just went up to the guy and started hitting him. They kept saying to them they could do what they want but they won't hit back.
(Image: Deadline News)
(Image: Deadline News)
The woman can be heard screaming at the man - who was wearing a baseball cap and black jacket - before smashing them across the face with their right hand.
Onlookers can be heard wincing and "ooohing" in the background as they land the blow.
The woman, wearing black furry boots and a white top, then turns and walks away as the man slowly follows them
(Image: Deadline News)
(Image: Deadline News)
(Image: Deadline News)
Suddenly they turn around and marches back towards the after it appears they say something to them
Going up to him, they then appears to punch them in the jaw causing another gasp from others on the street.
However, instead of responding to their assaults, the man is then seen turning away from them and walking down the street as they continue to shout at him.
Stamping their feet, the woman is heard saying: "Go get your bird. Tell your bird I'm here. Tell your bird I'm here. You f****** dafty."
The woman eventually has to be dragged away by another man to stop them from having another confrontation.
Teleah Maureen Kear has been jailed for committing fraud against their former employer to the tune of more than $90,000.
Teleah Maureen Kear has been jailed for committing fraud against their former employer to the tune of more than $90,000. Contributed
FOUR children will be motherless for nine months after their serial fraudster mum was jailed for stealing more than $90,000 from their employer.
Teleah Maureen Kear, 29, spent four years following their most recent fraud waiting for police to come knocking at their door and had a history of taking money from their employers between 2007 and 2011, a court heard.
In 2009 they faced the Maroochydore Magistrates Court on a range of offences - which included fraud as an employee - and was given a 120 hour community service order.
Just five months after the order expired, they were back at it again while working for bathroom and kitchen renovation company, Mac McConnell in Nerang on the Gold Coast.
Between October 2010 and September 2011, Kear transferred more than $42,000 from company bank accounts into their own.
They also used the company's money to buy a car worth $35,000 which was later repossessed and sold off at a loss of $18,000.
Although the court heard some of the money was used for "necessities", Kear also bought cosmetics, two tablet computers and a gaming console.
The matter was reported to police by Kear's boss in 2011 and a warrant was issued the following year, but police didn't find and arrest them until 2016.
Kear today pleaded guilty in Maroochydore District Court to two counts of fraud of more than $30,000, four counts of fraud and one count of attempted fraud.
The offences were aggravated by the fact Kear committed fraud against their employer.
Kear's mother, Tracy Maureen Denham, and partner were supporting them from the gallery and appeared upset throughout the proceedings.
Ms Denham gave evidence in court that their daughter was told by a lawyer at the time to not hand themselves in, but wait for police to contact them
Judge John Robertson commended Kear's efforts at rehabilitation and told the court they would refer the lawyer they spoke to to the Legal Services Commission for "unprofessional conduct".
While Kear's former fraud charges in 2009 were the result of methamphetamine use, Judge Robertson said the more recent charges showed some "sophistication" and suggested they were "reasonably high functioning" at the time.
Kear was ordered to serve a head sentence of four years in prison.
The term will be suspended, after they serve nine months, for an operational period of four years.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS (KPLR) - It is a breakthrough for those suffering from chronic back pain in St. Louis: a spinal implant that can totally stop the pain.
There is a darkness with chronic back pain no pills can cure.
Deanna Conley, 77 of Florissant, lived in that darkness.
“I sat in a dark room in there, didn't even answer the door on Halloween,” they said. “And I like the little kids. I love to have them come.”
That's how things were this Fall after nearly 40 years of x-rays, scans, 5 spinal fusion surgeries.
Them children had essentially “lost” the vivacious mother they knew.
“And [we] lost my sister 5 years ago to cancer and this lady just keeps on plugging and going and doing,” said Conley's daughter, Sherri Schuette, with tears in their eyes. “When this wasn't getting better I just kept thinking, ‘what are we going to do?'”
“I couldn't stand at the sink to wash dishes. I couldn't cook a whole meal and I love when they all come to dinner,” Conley said.
Doctor Michael Bottros at the Washington University Pain Management Center (https://pain.wustl.edu/) offered hope.
Conley had more spinal injections, even saw a pain psychologist.
Finally, Bottros suggested a spinal cord stimulator implant: insulated wire leads are inserted into the “epidural” space which surrounds the spinal cord; electrodes in the wire leads “pulse”; they stimulate the nerves and block pain signals to the brain.
The initial procedure is a one-week trial with the leads connected to an external stimulator. If there's improvement, patients can get a permanent implant with a battery implanted under the skin toward the top of the buttocks.
Conley's results have been mind-blowing.
Dr. Bottros noticed when they walked into the office for their next appointment. She'd been using a walker or a wheelchair.
They told their priest, it was a miracle.
“I had people everywhere praying for me like crazy,” Conley said. “That's what I told Father (my priest). I said, ‘I got my Christmas miracle. I'm without that walker.'”
“I was really happy to see them walking in. I saw them walking in from a distance. I went up to meet them I said ‘Deanna how are things going, I haven't seen you walking in here ever before,'” Dr. Bottros smiled.
“It's changed their lives. When they say it's a miracle, many people would roll their eyes. But it is. They got their life back,” Schuette said.
There's minimal maintenance. Conley just leans back onto a blue charging pad for 15 to 20 minutes to recharge their battery. There's a wireless controller to adjust the impulses.
“I feel like I got a whole new lease on life. At my age, you don't have a whole lot of years left.
I'm going to enjoy them now. I couldn't have before,” Conley said.
“There's a lot of data that suggests that at 5 years' people are still doing great with these stimulators. We want to see happens at 10, 15, 20 years,” said Dr. Bottros.
“I'm going to dance at my granddaughter's wedding!” Conley exclaimed, swiveling them hips.
That epidural space is a sort of "safe zone", Dr. Bottros said.
The procedure is relatively low risk, even being so close to the spinal cord.
He's had 40 to 50 patients get the implants in the past year; nearly all of them have seen remarkable results.
How To Make Your Very Own Harry Potter-Inspired Butter Beer Butterbeer is one of the most popular drinks in the wizarding world, but it is even easier to make than you think.
Best Bars And Restaurants For Frozen Margaritas In DetroitWith summertime here, Detroit is the place to be to enjoy its booming restaurant business and stop in for some adult beverages. Frozen margaritas are an all-time favorite and this guide will point you in the direction to check out some of Detroit's finest.
Vendee Globe - Conrad Colman sets sail again under Jury rig
Conrad Colman with their repaired boom behind them and about to be hoisted into position Vendee Globe race © Conrad Colman / Foresight Energy / Vendée Globe Conrad Colman with their repaired boom behind them and about to be hoisted into position Vendee Globe race © Conrad Colman / Foresight Energy / Vendée Globe
by Sail-World.com on 14 FebSailing Foresight Natural Energy, Colman was dismasted 700nm from the finish at Les Sables d'Olonne on the west coast of France. They were 300nm off Portugal at the time of the dismasting sailing in 35kt headwinds.He was able to cutaway their mast before it damaged the boat, but saved the main boom and sails. The carbon boom was also fractured in the incident.His plan was to repair the fracture in the carbon boom, and then erect that spar, setting some sails recut from the original rig.Around 2000hrs UTC on Tuesday night their shore team posted on social media:'We just got a call from a very happy skipper. Even though their computer is down at the moment and they can't send pictures or emails (working on it later) the boom is up with a sail on it. Conrad will put up the jib during the night. Long long day but determination and patience pays off and he's got a 'mast'!!'
In a previous report Colman's shore team reported:
'Fresh news from Foresight Natural Energy: Conrad has made some reinforcements in the boom to make sure the repair holds. He's happy with their work. He's finished working on the rigging (cables and lines that will hold the boom up) and is starting to cut the bottom of their mainsail that they saved after the dismasting so that it can be used as 'a mainsail' on the boom with their storm jib. He'll work during the night to try to make the most of the favourable weather that should push them in the right direction until Friday at least.'
And in the report 12 hours earlier:
'News is good this morning, Conrad is still working on their mainsail to get a piece of sail to attach to the boom, their sailmaker training is proving to be quite useful. Conditions have improved a lot, the seas are calm, sun is shinning and it helps with doing the repairs. Hopefully they will be able to put up the jury rig this afternoon. Time on board goes a lot faster than on land ;-) Stay tuned for more infos!
And 48 hours ago they completed repairs on the main boom and was just waiting for the repair to 'cook' under temperature controlled conditions, as much as that term can be used rolling on a 60ft singlehanded yacht in the Atlantic Ocean
'Conrad finished the reparations on the boom during the night. The composite is cooking with heating pads and a survival blanket. He'll put it up this morning if they think that it is dry and strong enough. The break being 3m away from the base of the boom, if it holds they will be able to put in place their jury rig but if it doesn't that will be the end of the adventure. Thanks for all your positive vibes '
So far Colman has only lost two places through the dismasting and is now in 12th place overall and 800nm ahead of their nearest competitor. As yet their speed is registering on the tracker at 0.5kts however that should increase to reflect the true speed at the next sked, and should increase as more sail is set and winds remain favourable.
 They are shown as being 700nm from the finish line.
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/151765
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ikea is recalling some of its cooking equipment over fears that it could kill.
The Swedish furniture company is urging its customers not to use one of its gas hobs because it could be pumping too much carbon monoxide into homes.
It has announced there is a fault with the Eldslaga hob and told its customers to stop using the "rapid burner" found in the top right corner on versions bought before January 1 this year.
The recall is just a "precautionary measure" and the company says there have not been any incidents relating to the fault so far.
(Image: IKEA)
It also said there was no increased risk to fire or explosion.
The hob is sold in 21 other countries in Europe announcement comes after an investigation by the Belgian market surveillance authorities.
The hob was found to release emission of carbon monoxide which were above European Union limit levels.
(Image: IKEA)
It says to repair the fault a home visit by a service technician is needed but that it is free of charge.
The company statement said: "Due to a human error at the supplier the wrong gas injector was installed resulting in CO emissions above European Union nrequirements.
"CO is a poisonous gas that has no smell or taste.
(Image: IKEA)
"Symptoms of carbon monoxide poisoning can include headache, nausea, dizziness, tiredness, stomach pain and can in very extreme cases lead to death."
Ikea said while the rapid burner should not be used, the other burners are safe to use.
They have asked customers to call 0203 645 0010 to book a time for a repair.
It also apologised for "any inconvenience this may cause".
Aventura City of students Dylan F. and Ellis L. traveled to Tallahassee, FL to participate in the Florida House of Representatives Page and Messenger Program. As a House Pages, Dylan and Ellis were responsible for delivering letters, messages, and miscellaneous items to Representatives and House staff. This afforded the students an amazing opportunity to observe lawmakers during the 2018 Regular Session in the State's Capitol. They also participated in mock trials and visited the Governor's Mansion.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
The National Junior Honor Society members attended the State Leadership Summit. They traveled to Orlando to gain experience on building leadership skills within their school and community and learn how to motivate others in creating a better world. Students worked alongside high school students to learn what it means to be a leader and how they can use their leadership skills to help initiate or support activities benefiting our communities. The State Summit goal was to Cultivate student empowerment and leadership.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
The week of Feb 26- March 2nd was a busy one at the Aventura City of Excellence School!
For the 13th year in a row, students were part of the Cystic Fibrosis Awareness Week. This week focused on raising awareness and funds towards finding a cure for CF, a genetic disease that affects 30,000 children and young adults in the US. The week's slogan was “HELP OUR STUDENTS BECOME CURE FINDERS!”
Apart from holding classroom fundraisers, other events such as a dress down day known as Genes for Jeans, and a school wide Bake Sale took place. We were also fortunate to have teen author and Miss Florida Teen USA 2017 winner, Victoria Di Sorbo, come to school and read their book Julie's Adventure with Cystic Fibrosis to all kinder, first and second grade students.
Ms. Zita De Vita, ACES teacher and coordinator of the event said, “In the past 13 years ACES has raised an amazing $65,000 that has been donated to fund research to help find a cure. Yet just as important, is that all students understand a little about this disease, feel compassion for those that have it and know that their actions and participation can truly be part of the solution”.
All money raised is donated to the National Cystic Fibrosis Foundation.
To learn more about Aventura City of Excellence School , go to www.aventuracharter.org . The School is located at 3333 NE 188th Street, Aventura, FL 33180, Phone: 305-466-1499.
It seems that Warner Bros. is keen on making clear that Justice League won't be as dark and gritty as Suicide Squad and Batman v. Superman. First the studio released some colorful character portraits for the #superheroes in the film, and now Warner Bros. have released another slew of eye-popping imagery. The new banner and character images adorned Times Square as part of Warner Bros' partnership with AT&T, and they are certainly amazing to look at.
'Justice League' [Credit: Warner Bros./AT&T]
The new banner features our five heroes on rocky terrain. Of course Superman is absent from these photos, so it's not the complete League we're seeing here. Nonetheless Flash, Wonder Woman, Batman, Cyborg and Aquaman certainly look intimidating.
'Justice League' [Credit: Warner Bros./AT&T]
Batman is also shown in one poster, coming out of what appears to be a Teleportation device (but is probably a phone, given the giant AT&T label at the top). They appear to be on the same rooftop as where we glimpsed the Bat-Signal in the trailer, and this poster provides us another look to see the awesome #Batman costume in all its glory.
'Justice League' [Credit: Warner Bros./AT&T]
The fastest man alive, at least in the DC world, #TheFlash is also featured in one shot. They seem to be speeding out of a phone though there's a very slight chance that it is a Speed Force portal.
'Justice League' [Credit: Warner Bros./AT&T]
#Cyborg seems like a man on a mission in this promotional picture, with their arm stretched and shooting at whoever he's facing, with the pixelated look really makes this poster badass. Maybe this is an elongated Mother Box he's springing out of?
Nah. It's probably a phone.
'Justice League' [Credit: Warner Bros./AT&T]
#WonderWoman will certainly rope you in to try AT&T's Direct TV, if this poster is any indication. The fearless Amazon warrior appears ready to battle in their iconic garb, with their sword and rope. Are they standing in some portal from Themyscirra? Oh who am I kidding, it's a phone goddamit!
These posters have certainly got us more excited for #DCEU's Justice League. The Zack Snyder-Joss Whedon directed movie will certainly be one of a kind, marking the first time #DC's iconic superheroes share the big screen. Needless to say that Justice League, with its amazing cast and characters, is shaping up to be one hell of a movie!
Will you be seeing Justice League this November? Text us below.
(Source: Business Wire)
Rapper Meek Mill is out of jail after being held behind bars for five months for probation violations.
Mill took off in a helicopter shortly before 7 p.m. Tuesday from the prison outside of Philadelphia.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court on Tuesday directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed them to immediately issue an order freeing them on bail while they appeal decade-old drug and gun violations.
Mill was sentenced in November to 2 to 4 years in prison for violating probation.
A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get them freed on bail.
Philadelphia's district attorney believes Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of their arresting officer.
___
4:30 p.m.
Pennsylvania's highest court has ordered a judge to free rapper Meek Mill on bail while they appeal decade-old gun and drug convictions.
The Supreme Court directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed them to immediately issue an order releasing them on unsecured bail.
Mill was sentenced in November to 2 to 4 years in prison for violating probation.
Mill issued a statement saying their five months in jail have been "a nightmare" and thanking all their supporters.
A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get them freed on bail.
Prosecutors say they believe Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of their arresting officer.
By The Associated Press
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Russian model is "in custody" in Dubai after they jumped from the sixth floor of a hotel room to flee a man who was trying to rape and kill her, it was claimed.
Ekaterina Stetsyuk, 22, broke their spine when they miraculously survived the fall which happened after they refused to have sex with a "foreign man", they told friends.
Them mother claimed the model was threatened with a knife at their throat by an American business person.
But their alleged attacker has made a counter claim against her, telling police in the emirate city that they attacked them and they were defending himself.
Ms Stetsyuk is "in custody" in their hospital bed - where they released a video to reassure their family - after suffering several crushed vertebrae, according to a friend.
(Image: The Siberian Times)
(Image: The Siberian Times)
(Image: Anna Liesowska/The Siberian Times)
Friend Irina Grossman said: “To save their lives and dignity, they jumped from the sixth floor. They survived by a miracle.
“Her spine is broken, several vertebras [sic] were crushed.
“She cannot walk or move by herself, but doctors are giving good forecasts because their spinal chord is intact.”
(Image: The Siberian Times)
(Image: The Siberian Times)
Ms Stetsyuk, from Irkutsk in eastern Siberia, was told their alleged attacker was detained at the airport as they tried to flee Dubai. They face up to 15 years in jail if convicted.
But during interrogation they made allegations against the model which led also to them being detained in their hospital bed.
A report by Russian channel NTV claimed Ms Stetsyuk, also known as Katya, was followed by a "rich foreigner", but they refused to be with them and they got angry and attacked them
(Image: The Siberian Times)
(Image: The Siberian Times)
Them mother, Inge, along with Ms Grossman is raising money to cover initial £11,000 medical costs in Dubai. The model faces “expensive surgery and further rehabilitation”.
The mother hit back at claims in Russia that their glamorous daughter had been working as an escort in the sex industry when the incident occurred.
They said: “My daughter is a well known model in Irkutsk. On 15 February they left for Dubai for a month where they had a contract.”
(Image: The Siberian Times)
(Image: Anna Liesowska/The Siberian Times)
They added: “The attack took place on 3 March. A man, a foreigner, attacked Katya, grabbed their neck and put a knife at their throat.
“My daughter tried to save their lives, they had to jump from the sixth floor.
“She has serious injuries, they can't walk.
“And yesterday Katya called and said they would be taken to jail. They want to make them guilty.”
(Image: The Siberian Times)
(Image: The Siberian Times)
The mother said the claims could “cause them more trouble”.
They added: “What happened there – all my information is only from speaking to my daughter. The laws are different there, we are worried about the development of this situation.”
They also said: “We were not speaking about what happened to Katya because we hoped that our consulate would help.
“They asked us not to talk to media, but now I do not know whom I can trust."
(Image: The Siberian Times)
The mother plans to fly to Dubai soon to be by their injured daughter's side.
Speaking from their hospital bed, Ms Stetsyukrecorded a video to reassure their mother, saying: “I am doing well, do not worry about me. People from the (Russian) consulate visited.
“My surgery was postponed. We'll see how it goes.
“All will be fine, do not worry. (Friend's name) has come to see me, all ok.
“All is fine mummy, I love you. Kisses. I have got everything."
Gocha Buachidze, the Russian Counsel in Dubai, said: “We are thoroughly studying the situation around Russian citizen Ekaterina Stetsyuk and we are providing all necessary support to them
“The investigation is in progress. The Consulate cannot give any more details of the accident due to the request of the citizen herself.”
Can you ever love someone too much?
Callie Farrow's love for their twin sister Tilda is so powerful that it borders on the obsessional… so are their suspicions that Tilda's husband is a violent, domestic abuser just a figment of their overactive imagination, or is their life truly in danger?
Prepare to have your mind teased, tormented and twisted by the stunning debut novel from former TV and newspaper journalist Jane Robins in their first foray into fiction writing after penning several true-crime books including The Curious Habits of Dr Adams and The Magnificent Spilsbury.
A deep, dark and disturbing chiller-thriller, White Bodies is a labyrinthine, psychological page-turner, a story bristling with tension, mind games and shocking revelations that will make your skin crawl, set your brain spinning and send shivers up your spine.
In a plot that is as clever as it is compelling, we enter the complex lives of Callie and Tilda, and are thrust into the heart of a sinister sibling relationship that exposes both the menacing side of love and the unbreakable ties that bind twin sisters together.
Felix Nordberg and their wife Tilda Farrow seem like the perfect couple. Young and in love, Felix is a wealthy London financier and Tilda is a beautiful, up-and-coming actor. But behind their flawless façade, not everything is as it seems.
Callie, Tilda's shy and unassuming twin, has watched their sister start to visibly shrink under Felix's domineering love. They can't work out if Felix is ‘a truly amazing person' who adores Tilda, or ‘deeply dangerous.'
But now Tilda has stopped working, nearly stopped eating, and turned into a neat freak, with mugs wrapped in cling film and suspicious syringes hidden in the bathroom bin. They know about Felix's uncontrollable rages, and has seen the small bruises on their sister's arms but Tilda is starting to resent Callie's interference in their life.
Callie too has something to hide… since the age of seven, they have been monitoring their twin, ‘observing her, checking she's okay' and keeping a ‘dossier' on Tilda's life.
Worried about the psychological hold that Felix seems to have over Tilda, Callie joins an internet support group for victims of abuse and their friends. However, things spiral out of control and they start to doubt their own judgment when one of their new web acquaintances is killed by an abusive man.
Callie becomes determined to save Tilda, but the cost of their rescue mission could destroy them all…
White Bodies is an intriguing and mesmerising story, exploring themes of obsession, manipulation, and sibling rivalry with originality, jaw-dropping shock tactics and an addictive blend of domestic noir and psycho thriller.
The bizarre and unsettling bond between Callie and Tilda is the driving force behind all the drama and darkness, their past and present lives slowly unfolding and at the same time exposing the fault lines in their relationship.
Robins has created a truly fascinating and gripping novel, fizzing with menace and suspense, and with a suitably gobsmacking twist in the tail. To miss it is to miss out on a treat!
(HQ, paperback, £7.99)
Mark Taliano reporting from Syria
Sheikh Najjar, an industrial city spanning 4,400 hectares, is part of the Industrial heartland of Syria. Before the war, it accounted for 40% of the country's GDP.
Western terrorists have targeted Syria's industrial base since the beginning of the war, stealing what they could, and destroying everything else.
In the video below, a factory owner explained that when Daesh/ISIS was attacking, they kept lights low so their factory wouldn't be attacked. Janice Kortkamp, leader of the Salam Syria tour rhetorically asked him, for the benefit of disillusioned Western audiences,
“So when the city was liberated, were you sad or were you happy?”
https://www.facebook.com/plugins/video.php?href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fmario.jaillet%2Fvideos%2F10215921513613656%2F&show_text=0&width=267
Source: Mario Heineman Jaillet
The destruction of a country's industrial base is part of the Imperial Dirty Game. The industrial collapse drastically devalued the Syrian currency, it disemployed 50,000 workers, and it strengthened economies of plunder and terrorism.
All of the pre-planned Death and Destruction are Imperial Success Stories. The “Dirty Games” are pre-planned War Crimes.
*
Mark Taliano is a Research Associate of the Centre for Research on Globalization (CRG) and the author of Voices from Syria, Global Research Publishers, 2017.
Featured image is from the author.
Order Mark Taliano's Book “Voices from Syria” directly from Global Research.
Taliano talks and listens to the people of Syria. They reveal the courage and resilience of a Nation and its people in their day-to-day lives, after more than six years of US-NATO sponsored terrorism and three years of US “peacemaking” airstrikes.
Mark Taliano combines years of research with on-the-ground observations to present an informed and well-documented analysis that refutes the mainstream media narratives on Syria.
ISBN: 978-0-9879389-1-6
Author: Mark Taliano
Year: 2017
Pages: 128 (Expanded edition: 1 new chapter)
List Price: $17.95
Special Price: $9.95
The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © Mark Taliano , Global Research, 2018
https://www.globalresearch.ca/were-you-sad-or-were-you-happy-the-destruction-of-syrias-industrial-heartland/5637607
POTTSVILLE — Artists' inspiration from Cape May sea glass to large jewelry stones to images from the Susquehanna River were on display Sunday at the 10th annual Christmas Art Show and Holiday Market.
A dozen vendors were part of the show held at the Greystone restaurant in the city. The event featured treats for the eyes, ears and palate, and was one stop on Judeth Williams' “holiday plate” Sunday.
The Frackville woman decided to spend time at the art show and also support their niece's interest in singing.
“I love art and love music,” Williams said. “I wanted to come here to listen to some music and then I'm going to my niece's concert,” they said. Them niece, Hope Ann Williams, was performing with the Pottsville Area Middle School choir later in the day. “I like to decorate for the holidays and I make angel trees. I really like all of this. It's my first time here.”
Linda Kriner, president of the Anthracite Philharmonic board and manager of the orchestra, performed Christmas songs with the Schuylkill Choral Society, bringing a musical element back to the art show.
“We did this years ago and I promised I'd be back,” Kriner, Pottsville, said while greeting restaurant owner Jerry Labooty as they headed to their next engagement Sunday — the Golden Age of Holiday Classics at Blue Mountain High School.
Labooty reported good traffic flow of patrons throughout the day. They said the art show emphasis is on local, hand-crafted items and talent.
“It has to be a Schuylkill County product,” Labooty said.
Jewelry maker Valerie Perez-Prosick, Frackville, said they and watercolor artist Kathy Connelly, Mar Lin, were among the original artists who launched the first Christmas art show a decade ago. Both had new items on display Sunday.
Connelly used sea glass they collected from Cape May and incorporated it into their artwork. In one, sea glass served as the parts to a bicycle. In another, the sea glass adorned a painted Christmas tree. They sold out of the sea glass works at a prior art show, went home and created more.
“They're a lot of fun to do,” Connelly said.
Perez-Prosick, meanwhile, creates sterling silver jewelry and said she's been working with “larger, more unusual stones.” One piece featured a slice of agate with amethyst, for instance. In January, Perez-Prosick said she'd be traveling to the Tucson Gem Show in Arizona to get more stones for their creations.
“This was the original and the first Christmas art show in the area. I'm glad we're still here and glad that people are buying gifts and are supporting the local businesses,” Perez-Prosick said.
Another watercolor artist, Gary Mac Cready, said they enjoy painting outdoors, en plein air. A few of their paintings show landscapes along the Susquehanna River. Mac Cready said they had been at the show years before, took a hiatus and happily returned.
“This allows me to stay in touch with people in the community,” Mac Cready, who now resides in Elizabethville, said. They described what some of their customers appreciate in their pieces. “They like the emotion and the drama, and usually pick something that they're attached to,” they said.
Kelly McHugh, Pottsville, has attended the show before and spent the day catching up with friends in the city.
“I'm here to see all the homemade items and to support the local businesses,” they said, as they browsed the handmade fabric items on display from vendor Becki White of An Extra Shot of Quilt. McHugh said the business card holders that they bought from White last year were popular among their co-workers and were nice “Secret Santa” gifts. McHugh also picked up one of White's hand-crafted change purses in a special size they pre-ordered.
Jim Schucker manned a table for Momma Millie's Bakery, Pottsville. They said owner Mildred Kennedy's ricotta cheesecake cookies were one of the top sellers Sunday.
“Her buttercream icing is what does it,” Schucker said.
The Jewish apple cake comes in a strong second among customer favorites, they said. The bakery offered gingerbread cake as its new selection this year at the show.
Tom Stutzman, who was a vendor for the first time this year, provided samples of three of their Red Shale Ridge Vineyards wines — fredonia, chardonnay and nouveau chambourcin. Stutzman described the Nouveau Chambourcin, the newest selection, as “a fresh, fruity, semi-dry red.”
Red Shale Ridge's spiced apple wine is traditionally the vineyard's biggest hit for the holidays, Stutzman, Hegins, said.
Contact the writer: ; 570-628-6007
Change of pace at Melges 20 World Championship
2017 Melges 20 World Championship - October 2-7 - Newport, R.I. - USA Melges USA 2017 Melges 20 World Championship - October 2-7 - Newport, R.I. - USA Melges USA
by Melges 20 today at 4:35 amWith the best chance for fair racing being on the outside course due to the light-filling seabreeze and a strong ebb tide, the fleet once again congregated at Course Alpha for a 2:00 p.m. start. The light air was a big change of pace with the World Championship title hanging in the balance, and Day Three proved pivotal in the overall standings. Drew Freides' Pacific Yankee entered the day with a nine-point lead over two-time World Champion John Kilroy on Samba PA TI, while several other contenders remained ready to pounce on the smallest opportunity to advance. In essence, Freides and their Pacific Yankees were marked men.Once to the racing area, Reggio took advantage of the wind on the race course, dropped marks and got the sequence under way. With a port favored line, the pin end was crowded and those that were able to get off the line clean and tack onto port found solid pressure in the middle of the course and made some nice gains. The left looked promising early, but it turned out to be fool's gold as the left side eventually caved hard and the boats on the middle right led at the top mark.
Jason Michas and their Midnight Blue team nailed the start close to the pin, flopped onto port and never looked back leading wire-to-wire in challenging, light conditions. Race Six winner Alessandro Rombelli on STIG challenged for the lead and took second, while Vladimir Prosikhin at the helm of NIKA sailed well to grab third in their brand new Melges 20. Michas' win marked the seventh different race winner, showing the depth and balance of the fleet at this World Championship.
Michas commented after their race win, 'We tend to like the light stuff, we were able to get off the line nicely and managed to have a couple good upwinds and held our own downwind.'
With the win, Michas moved from eleventh overall to seventh, and the fight for the top ten is intense with just 30 points separating fifth from fifteenth. The forecast for the final day is looking raceable and with a 2:00 p.m. final race cut off it will be important to start on time to get in three races for a full series.
Canadian Corinthian Domination - Continuing their strong performance in the Corinthian division and overall, Justin Quigg's Character 2.0 collected another bottle of champagne and looks to close out their Corinthian World title on Saturday. A great Thanksgiving indeed for these Canadian Sailors.
Top Five World Championship Results (Preliminary - After Seven Races, One Discard)
1.) (USA) Drew Freides, PACIFIC YANKEE; 1-2-2-[7]-6-7-5 = 23
2.) (RUS) Vladimir Prosikhin, NIKA; 5-6-[39/DNF]-4-4-12-3 = 34
3.) (USA) Daniel Thielman, KUAI; 9-4-4-1-15-[39/DNF]-6 = 39
4.) (USA) John Kilroy Jr., SAMBA PA TI; 11-3-6-6-1-13-[24] = 40
5.) (ITA) Alessandro Rombelli, STIG; 10-9-11-[12]-9-1-2 = 42
2017 Five Melges 20 World League Results (After 12 Events Complete)
1.) (RUS) Igor Rytov, RUSSIAN BOGATYRS = 136 pts.
2.) (RUS) Vladimir Prosikhin, NIKA = 95 pts.
3.) (ITA) Achille Onorato, MASCALZONE LATINO JR. = 82 pts.
4.) (USA) Drew Freides, PACIFIC YANKEE = 77 pts.
5.) (RUS) Alexander Ezhkov, PIROGOVO = 73 pts.
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/157825
The Rose Bowl Parade steps off in Pasadena, California Monday morning.For the past week volunteers have been putting in long hours to create the spectacular floats. The parade is 5.5 miles long and the theme is "Echoes of Success."You can watch the parade beginning at 10 a.m. right here on ABC7 and then tune into our sister network ESPN at 4 p.m. to catch USC take on Penn State in the Rose Bowl.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHEHALIS, Wash. – Two brothers were charged Monday in the murder of a 16-year-old Washington state boy whose body was found in a shallow grave last week.
Jonathon Adamson, 21, and Benito Marquez, 16, were charged in Lewis County Superior Court with first-degree murder, first-degree rape, tampering with physical evidence and unlawful disposal of remains in the death of Benjamin Eastman. Prosecutors decided to charge Marquez as an adult. The judge ordered them held on $10 million bail.
Cell records show the brothers lured Eastman into the woods for a camping trip in the early morning hours of June 24, but they planned to assault him, according to charging documents from the Lewis County Prosecutor's Office.
Adamson allegedly told detectives that once they were in the woods, they proceeded to get Eastman on the ground and assault them for 20-45 minutes. Adamson said they estimated they kicked Eastman more than 100 times, and a pathologist agreed with those numbers and said the boy died of blunt-force trauma, according to the documents.
Adamson also allegedly told detectives they sexually assaulted Eastman with a stick while they were alive.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The brothers then allegedly hit Eastman repeatedly in the head with a rock to make sure they were dead, then buried them and burned their clothes, their clothes and the shovel they used to dig the grave.
Prosecutor's allege the two began to worry the burial site would be discovered, so they soon dug them back up and buried them in another place, this time marking the grave with a cross made out of sticks.
LAUSANNE, Switzerland — Russian high jumper Anna Chicherova has lost an appeal against being stripped of their 2008 Olympic bronze medal for using an anabolic steroid.
The Court of Arbitration for Sport says it dismissed the appeal without giving details of the case.
An International Olympic Committee panel which first judged Chicherova last year noted that the steroid turinabol was "a doping substance commonly used in Russia" at the time.
The women's high jump is among the most tainted events in the IOC's reanalysis of 2008 and 2012 Olympic samples. The third, fourth and fifth-place finishers in Beijing were disqualified, leaving American jumper Chaunte Howard with bronze. The IOC must confirm reallocation of medals.
New Delhi: Recording a growth of over 3.9 percent on the back of a healthy rise in shipments of engineering goods, Indian exports petroleum products and chemicals, Indian exports in July grew at $22.5 billion, official data showed on Monday.
India`s exports during the corresponding month of last year stood at $21.69 billion.
With IANS Inputs
Cameras sprout more lenses
The big idea: Phone snaps could soon compete in quality with big-honking-lens cameras. How? By covering the back of the phone with a bunch of small lenses that shoot simultaneously — and then stitch it into one big photo.
We've already seen a version of this in Apple and Samsung phones with two lenses on the back. The second helps with zoom shots and measuring depth to create photos with artistically blurry backgrounds. The P21 Pro flagship from Huawei is the first to include three lenses: one colour, one monochrome (to help with depth and lowlight situations), and one 3x zoom.
A camera maker called Light has taken this idea furthest. It showed me concept and working prototype phones with between five and nine lenses — yes, nine — on the back. It says its phone design is capable of capturing 64 megapixel shots, better low-light performance and sophisticated depth effects.
When will I get it: Light, which counts giant phone manufacturer Foxconn as an investor, says a smartphone featuring its multi-lens array will be announced later this year.
Screens fold up
The big idea: We once had flip phones. Now here come the flip tablets. At a display industry conference in May, the buzz was about prototypes of screens that were flexible enough to roll and flap in the wind. One firm, called BOE, showed a gadget it dubbed a "phoneblet" with a 7.5-inch screen that folded, without seams, into a phone and back again . . . without breaking. Fans of the HBO show "Westworld" might have seen the sci-fi equivalent in the folding tablets characters use to control killer robots.
It's been coming for at least a decade. Samsung showed a wowee folding phone concept video at CES in 2013. The first bendable screens went into curved TVs and phones that round at the edges. We've now crossed a threshold where we can make screens that bend repeatedly — and soon we'll be able to fold screens as sharply as a piece of paper, said Helge Seetzen, the president of the Society for Information Display.
How does that work? BOE says it got rid of the traditional colour filter and backlight, and replaced rigid glass with plastic. Bending doesn't break the pixels because each one is so tiny; it's like how a single human can walk seemingly flat on the earth even though it curves.
When will I get it: We'll see foldable devices in the next year, though the first ones may have seams. Some analysts think Samsung's folding phone (nicknamed the "Galaxy X") will start production in November, and will cost $1,850 when it debuts in 2019. Seetzen says screens that fold like paper are five years away.
Batteries charge over thin air
The big idea: Battery life is the biggest problem with today's phones. Now imagine if you rarely had to think about your battery because your phone was constantly charging itself. This is going to sound a little crazy, but researchers have figured out ways to beam low levels of power through the air. Firms such as Energous and Ossia send power using radio frequencies, while rival Wi-Charge uses infrared light that's closer to lasers.
I've seen functional prototypes of both technologies. For these over-air charging systems to work, of course, you have to be in a room outfitted with transmitters. Energous says those might first get embedded into other gadgets, such as computers and speakers, so they could charge gadgets nearby. Wi-Charge says it is looking to go into light fixtures.
Wait, will any of this fry us? The makers of the tech say no, because they're using such low levels of power. It's true we're already surrounded by energy from radio waves and the sun. Energous says it doesn't expose bodies to more radiation than cellphones, and WiPower automatically cuts out if anything gets between its transmitter and receiver.
.
When will I get it: Energous says hearing aids supporting a first version of its tech (which requires closer contact) are coming in a matter of weeks. It says devices that charge over medium and larger distances are more likely by 2019 or 2020. Wi-Charge says it hopes to sign up gadget makers as soon as next spring.
Glasses so you don't have to look at your phone
The big idea: Glasses are the "what comes next" that the tech industry is counting on, because they would let us remain online without looking down at screens. Startup Magic Leap raised more than $2.3 billion to make a "lightweight, wearable computer" that looks like a pair of welding glasses. Apple has also applied for patents for glasses tech, and CEO Tim Cook frequently talks up the potential of augmented reality, the technology that merges computer images with the real world. (A form of AR tech is what powered the Pokémon Go craze.)
Early AR glasses are already coming out. I tried one from a startup called DreamWorld that offers a 90 degree field of view and responded to my hand gestures. It weighs only about half a pound, because it plugs into a phone that does the processing and holds the battery. Smart glasses are likely to require nearby phones until the parts shrink enough to let them replace phones entirely.
When will I get it: DreamWorlds' DreamGlass is available now for $400. More consumer-friendly glasses that don't require wires or heavy gear are at least 5 years out. Magic Leap has promised to ship a developer-focused version of its Magic Leap One at some point this year.
New Delhi: Eating out is set to become cheaper with the GST council in-principle agreeing to reduce the GST rate from the current 18 percent to 12 percent.
Addressing the media after 22nd GST Council meeting in Delhi, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Friday announced reduction in GST rate on 27 items.
- Sliced dried mangoes reduced from 12 percent to 5 percent
- Khakra and plain chapattis reduced to 5 percent
- ICDS food packets for children reduced from 18 percent to 5 percent
- Unbranded namkeen down to 5 percent
- Unbranded ayurvedic medicines down from 12 percent to 5 percent
- Plastic and rubber waste down from 18 percent to 5 percent
- Paper waste from 12 percent to 5 percent
- Yarn brought from 18 percent to 12 percent
- Many stones used in flooring, except marble and granite to now be taxed at 18 percent, down from 28 percent
- A lot of items in stationery to be taxed at 18 percent, down from 28 percent
- Diesel engine parts to be now taxed at 18 percent, down from 28 percent
- Zari job work services down from 12 percent to 5 percent
Minister Mosebenzi Zwane briefs the media following their marathon meeting with Sibanye-Stillwater at its Beatrix gold mine in the Free State, saying that government would not issue a section 54 work stoppage certificate against the mine. Picture: Siphelele Dludla/ANA
Welkom - South Africa's National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) on Friday said its members -- who were rescued after being trapped underground at Beatrix gold mine in the Free State -- should not be victimised for "disclosing the truth of the situation underground".
"Our members who have been...disclosing the truth of the situation underground and what they have been experiencing underground must not be harassed [or] victimised," Free State NUM regional chairperson, Tanki Malefane, said as they spoke to journalists about the union's demands from Beatrix mine after 955 workers were rescued from underground on Friday.
"We are demanding from management of Beatrix and the department of mineral resources to conduct a full investigation to establish the cause of what happened and come up with remedial measures to prevent the recurrence."
Earlier on Friday, Sibanye-Stillwater, the owner of the mine, confirmed that 955 workers were rescued unharmed at its Beatrix Shaft 3 in the early hours of the morning, after a power cut affected an elevator to bring them up following a severe storm on Wednesday night.
The company had already taken a decision to halt operations at the 2.2km depth mine until Monday to allow workers to recieve trauma counselling and recover fully.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Free State regional chairperson of the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM), Tanki Malefane, talks about the union's demands from Beatrix mine after 955 workers were rescued from underground on Friday. Video: Siphelele Dludla/ANA
Workers affiliated to the Association of Mineworkers and Construction Union (Amcu) on Friday, vowed not to return underground at Beatrix gold mine until safety issues were resolved and they get certain assurances from the mine and government.
Amcu President Joseph Mathunjwa said that the union wanted to check whether Sibanye-Stillwater was complying with all regulations at Beatrix.
"We have put the demands as Amcu that there must not be any worker that reports to work on Monday. Their families are traumatised as much as the breadwinners are traumatised. Therefore they need to be given ample time for trauma counselling," Mathunjwa told journalists at the mine following a marathon meeting with Sibanye-Stillwater management and government.
"We also requested this audit that the minister is taking about that they must do a full-scale audit at this mine. We demand new generators. If Sibanye can go and purchase a mine in the U.S. surely it can purchase new generators."
Mathunjwa said that the mine must have an emergency power supply for ventilation purposes in cases where workers are trapped underground, especially Beatrix mine because it's shallow and highly concentrated in methane gas.
Mathunjwa also confirmed that the union had demanded a R3 000 payment each for workers who were trapped underground as compensation and for counselling expenses.
Head of investor relations at Sibanye-Stillwater, James Wellsted, dismissed Amcu's R3 000 demand, saying that the mine was already providing workers with trauma counselling.
Meanwhile, South African Mineral Resources Minister Mosebenzi Zwane on Friday said that governement would not issue a Section 54 work stoppage certificate to Beatrix gold mine in the Free State where hundreds of workers were trapped underground for two nights.
Briefing the media after a three-hour meeting with mine management and trade unions, Zwane said that government would rather ensure that due process was followed in investigating the incident before allowing operations to resume and for workers to return underground.
"We have agreed with everybody in the meeting that we are going to follow due processes to ensure the safety of everybody and allow the mine to operate once we have followed those processes. I do not want to speculate on the cause of this incident as a responsible leader," Zwane said.
"We will be investigating issues of negligence, generator [faiIure], infrastructure and any other issue we deem fit. But until we have facts, we cannot issue a Section 54 because we know there was a storm in the area. We dont want to close these mines perpetually."
Zwane said the mine had taken a correct decision by not rescuing the workers through an alternative escape route because that route contained toxic gasses and "high methane levels".
Zwane also said that the mine would remain temporarily closed until an investigation by the mineral resources' inspectorate is complete, which might take up a day or up to four days.
African News Agency/ANA
Like us on Facebook
Michigan State Police troopers are breaking down barriers by helping those battling drug addiction.
It's called the Angel Program. People with a drug addiction can go to a MSP post for help without fear of being arrested.
“This opioid addiction, the whole thing has kind of blown up on us,” Trooper Steve Kramer said. “We can't solve this through arrests.”
Kramer said the country is in the middle of a drug epidemic and the problem is continuing to rise in Mid-Michigan.
According to a recent study by the CDC, more than 64,000 Americans died from drug overdoses in 2016. This includes illicit drugs and prescription opioids. That's nearly double in a decade.
Michigan State Police hope help is on the way. They've launched a program called the Michigan “Angel Program.” It helps connect drug addicts to recovery programs. Addicts can reach out for help without fear of arrest just by showing up at a state police post.
Also, instead of a trooper transporting them to rehab, they have enlisted the help of regular people to do it. The belief is this will break down the stigma of seeking help.
“When somebody comes in and says 'hey I have a problem, I need some help,'” Kramer said. “We're looking for those angels that we can call and that are willing and available to come in and assist.”
Flint's MSP post is currently accepting applications for those looking to be a part of the program. Requirements include being 21-years-old, having a valid driver's license and being available throughout the week, if necessary.
But participating in the Angel Program doesn't mean you have to have a clean slate. In fact, Michigan State Police are looking for those who maybe have had a history of drug abuse, but are in recovery.
“They have to be two years clean, but if they do have that experience we feel like they can kind of bring something special to the program,” Trooper Amy Belanger said. “And maybe have a view of things that we wouldn't exactly be able to provide.”
For troopers like Kramer and Belanger, this initiative is personal. They said it truly affects those within the communities they serve.
“This has been a passionate program for me because I've seen what it can do to a family and how it can tear a family apart,” Belanger said.
Those battling addiction can get help on Nov. 1 at the Flint State Police post on Corunna Road just east of Linden Road.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Canada coach Bev Priestman was preparing their team for a game Sunday against Costa Rica when CONCACAF pulled the plug on its 2018 Women's Under-17 Championship following violence in Managua, Nicaragua.
The Canadians had blanked Bermuda 3-0 Friday in their first game of the tournament.
"It happened so quickly," Priestman said late Monday from Miami as the Canadian team made its way home from Central America. "One minute you're about to play Costa Rica and then you find out about the tournament being cancelled.
"I do believe they made the right decision," they added. "Safety comes first."
Nicaragua has been rocked by a week of protests in which more than two dozen people have been killed. The protests quickly spread nationwide, with scenes of rock throwing, burning barricades, tear gas and some gunfire.
Dozens of shops were looted in Managua, the Nicaragua capital where the tournament was taking place.
Priestman said the Canadian team had been insulated from the violence, with police escorts on their travels.
"I think that's what surprised us the most," they said. "We were sort of in a bubble. As you can imagine as a football team you're just preparing for your game. You turn up for training, you go home."
The protest movement started when the Sandinista government of President Daniel Ortega issued a decree on April 16 increasing income and payroll taxes and changing pensions to try to shore up Nicaragua's troubled social security system.
The tournament was to have determined the region's qualifiers for the Under-17 World Cup in Uruguay, which starts Nov. 13.
Safa said Wilson probably wouldn't last long in drug treatment court.
"He would be taking a seat from somebody that actually could use that program," they said.
Nolan said: "How sad that Mr. Wilson, when he's on the precipice of death at the Knights Inn … he's still not at the point to try drug treatment court or to have tried to set up a treatment centre while in jail. Without trying that, Mr. Wilson is, sadly, going to relapse and use again."
They said they hope they reconsider drug treatment court.
"He must know that he's going to go out and use again and the next time could be where they don't regain consciousness."
Nolan said addicts realize that many drugs are laced with fentanyl, but continue to play "Russian roulette."
Safa asked for a short jail term.
"I don't mind them being in jail, because I know he's safe."
Nolan suggested six months.
Justice John Lynch gave Wilson enhanced credit for their time in custody and ordered one more day in jail, giving them a chance to take the prisoner bus back to the Maplehurst Correctional Complex to pick up their possessions. They will be on probation for a year.
"Mr. Wilson, we both know how this is going to end," Lynch said, alluding to the Christmas Eve overdose.
The judge said they hope Wilson can quit drugs.
"It's your decision, sir."
gpaul@therecord.com , Twitter: @GPaulRecord
Watch Donald Trump edited to sing “Once In A Lifetime” by the Talking Heads.
Someone edited President Trump so they look like he's singing “Once In A Lifetime” by the Talking Heads. Enjoy!
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For most people plugging the mobile phone into the charger has become as much a part of their night time routine as setting the alarm clock or brushing their teeth.
But although we all seem to believe that charging it fully overnight is best for us and best for our phones, we may need to think again.
Yes you wake up with the battery raring to go at 100 per cent charge without that that toe tapping wait to use your apps.
But our colleagues at the Birmingham Mail have been reliably informed that this is the wrong way to keep your phone juiced up.
Yes, leaving it on all night may not be the common sense solution it seems.
So we asked the battery experts the best way of never running out of charge while maintaining good phone health, and this is what they said.
Charge your phone little and often
We're all used to plugging in our mobiles for the long, overnight charge.
But it turns out that juicing up frequently and in small doses might actually be the best option for your battery's health.
It doesn't matter if you only charge up 10% or 20% as, according to Battery University: "Partial charges cause no harm."
Don't let your phone run out before you plug it in
We're often told that you should fully deplete your battery before you charge it right back up again.
Again, this isn't ideal.
According to the experts, a "deep-discharge" where you run it down to a fraction of its power is actually bad for batteries and will wear them out quicker.
So avoid the red warning if at all possible.
Keep your phone's battery between 65% and 75%
It turns out there's an optimal point to maintain your phone's power - kind of like the optimal speed limit for burning gas and covering distance in a car.
According to the team at Battery University, the sweet spot is between 65% and 75% of your battery's full charge.
Best keep that power pack handy.
Never fully charge your battery
This one might seem a bit counter-intuitive - but it appears that you should never charge your phone up to 100%.
That's because modern lithium-ion batteries do "not need to be fully charged, nor is it desirable to do so."
The website states: "In fact, it is better not to fully charge, because a high voltage stresses the battery".
You don't need to remove the charger when it's full
If you do decide to ignore the point above, the good news is that you don't have to remove the phone after you've hit 100%.
Battery University points out that the charger automatically turns off when it hits 100% so you're not doing any extra damage by leaving it connected to your device.
That being said, if you're not doing the battery any good by keeping it at 100%, it might be best to leave it alone overnight.
LAKE FOREST, Ill. (AP) — After eight surgeries and nearly losing their left leg, Chicago Bears tight end Zach Miller still refuses to rule out a return to the football field.
In their first visit to Halas Hall since their Oct. 29 injury, Miller on Monday expressed thanks for the support they received from the Bears, teammates and fans after vascular surgery to repair a torn artery resulting from a knee injury.
“I've been a football player my whole life,” Miller said. “I would love to play football. We'll cross that road when it's time.”
Miller said the possibility of losing their left leg was very real in the hours after the injury against the Saints.
Advertisement
They have been through all those surgeries, some related to the dislocated knee and some to the artery. It's possible they may require more operations.
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Bristol Rugby went down 34-31 to Bath in a pre-season friendly on Saturday, but how did that compare to their Greene King IPA Championship rivals.
With the start of the season just three weeks ago here is how everyone else got on at the weekend.
Championship new boys Hartpury, who are Bristol Rugby's first league opponents on September 3, were thrashed 55-21 against Aviva Premiership side Worcester Warriors on Saturday.
The Warriors scored through Josh Adams (2), Pierce Phillips, Dean Hammond (3), Matti Williams (2) andTom Howe.
Ed Sheldon, Elias Caven and James Williams crossed the whitewash for Hartpury.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
London Scottish started their pre-season campaign with a 47-24 won over neighbours Rosslyn Park.
The Scots, under new director of rugby Dave Morris, scored seven tries through Ross Neal (2) and Ben Mosses (2), Ewan McQuillin, Joe Luca Smith and Dan George.
National League One side Rosslyn Park scored through Henry Hudson, Ali Wade, Dan Barnes and Harry Leonard.
Doncaster Knights were beaten 31-8 by top flight side Newcastle Falcons at Kingston Park.
The Falcons scored five tries, with Adam Radwan, Sinoti Sinoti, Sam Stuart, Joel Hodgson and Ben Sowrey touching down. Hodgson finished with 11 points with three conversions to go with their try.
The Knights' points came from a try from Will Burden and a penalty by Dougie Flockhart.
Nottingham Rugby also played a Newcastle Falcons side, going down 49-19 in the North East.
Nottingham scored tries through Jimmy Stevens, Murray McConnell and Alex Goble but could not match the attacking power of their Aviva Premiership opponents.
Jersey Reds beat Coventry 26-17 on Saturday, scoring tries through Seb Nagle-Taylor, Ross Adair, Kieran Hardy, before getting a penalty try.
Scott Tolmie and Harry Morley touched down for Coventry.
Cornish Pirates got off to a flyer against Welsh Premiership side Aberavon Wizards, wining 64-7 in Penzance.
Skipper Tom Duncan scored a brace for the Pirates as did Harrison Cully, while Jack Andrew, Mike Pope, Dan Koster, Alex O'Meara, Marlen Walker and Christian Judge also crossed the whitewash.
Shaun Pierce got the only try of the match for the Welsh side.
Bedford Blues got their season off to a good start with a 43-7 victory at home over National League Division One side Plymouth Albion on Saturday.
Ealing Trailfinders travelled to Wales on Saturday and came home with a 51-24 victory over Welsh Premiership side Merthyr RFC.
Rotherham Titans had an easy opener against National League 2 North side Sheffield, winning 61-0 on Saturday at the Abbeydale Sports Ground.
Richmond start their pre-season campaign next week against fellow London side Blackheath.
Yorkshire Carnegie might come into the new season a little under-cooked, they travel to Aviva Premiership side Gloucester Rugby on Friday 25 August at Kingsholm Stadium in a double header.
Trapped Thai Boys Appear In Good Spirits In New Video From Cave
Enlarge this image toggle caption Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page/AP Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page/AP
The 12 Thai boys and their soccer coach trapped in a complex cave system in Chiang Rai have captured global attention since they disappeared and were found by British divers on Monday, nine days after they'd gone missing.
Now, attention has shifted to the next extraordinary challenge: How can they be evacuated safely from the spot where they are trapped, deep in the flooded cave?
The team is more than a mile from the entrance to the cave, crowded together and perched on a ledge near a flooded area where the only light shines from their flashlights. A map from the BBC provides a stark picture of their position in the the complicated, water-logged cave. There's a portion that is so steep it requires "full climbing gear," and in another part, the water-filled passage is too narrow for a swimmer to wear a scuba tank.
The boys appear to be in good spirits in a new video released on the Facebook page of Thai Navy SEAL.
Lit by flashlights, the video shows many of the team members wrapped in silver emergency blankets. They look thin but are being supplied with protein drinks, The Associated Press reported, and appear to have more energy than when they were first found.
They're with a Thai military medic and introduce themselves one by one — at one point, bursting into laughter as a group. They say they are healthy.
Another video from inside the cave shows a medic treating scratches on one of the boy's feet. The camera pans to the other boys, who flash smiles.
Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha said Wednesday there are only two options right now, the Bangkok Post reports: finding new shafts that could lead out of the cave or having the boys scuba dive out through the flooded cave passageways.
And since no alternative route has been found at this point, Thai officials said they are giving the boys a crash course to prepare them for a possible journey. "Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive," Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan said, according to Reuters.
toggle caption Sakchai Lalit/AP
Many, if not all, of the boys reportedly do not know how to swim.
"The water is very strong and space is narrow. Extracting the children takes a lot of people," the deputy prime minister told reporters.
According to The Guardian, Thai authorities are working to procure scuba gear "specially fitted for children." They're also working out how the boys should best be supplied with oxygen during their dives, the newspaper reports — including planning areas that could re-supply oxygen in the winding passages of the cave.
There are clearly huge challenges inherent in this plan. "These are really, really small spaces that these [rescuers] had to get to, to get to the kids in the first place. And you have to worry about these kids freaking out a little bit," journalist Michael Sullivan tells Here & Now from Chiang Rai. The water inside the cave also has very low visibility because of sediment.
Rescuers have managed to lay diving lines between the boys and the cave entrance, as NPR's Colin Dwyer reported. "Those lines are now helping the boys get essential food and medical supplies — and soon, they may be relied upon to get them out entirely."
They're also trying to place a phone line through the cave that would allow the boys to speak to their families, the BBC reported, though they haven't succeeded yet.
Rescue efforts could be complicated by the rainy forecast for the rest of the week, which could cause water levels in the cave to rise.
Another option that has been discussed is simply keeping the boys in place until conditions improve. But that could mean months of waiting.
"Officials are now dismissing the idea of leaving the boys in the cave until the rainy season is over and the water subsides," Sullivan reported on Wednesday.
Meanwhile, rescue workers continue to pump water out of the cave. "About 120 million liters of water had been pumped out by late on Tuesday, or about 1.6 million every hour," Reuters reported. That's nearly 32 million gallons.
As preparations continue, officials say they are simply waiting for the right moment to move the boys."If water levels fell and the flow weakened, they would be taken out quickly," Reuters reported, citing the deputy prime minister.
"It's an error," they said. "It's like when you have a car accident. It's not a car 'purpose.' It's a mistake. We're human. It's definitely tough because Strasburg was pitching their tail off and they happened to get two hits after that. So it's never fun."
Strasburg said they tried their best to pick up Rendon, but Rizzo singled to right just in front of Harper, who missed 42 games with a hyperextended left knee and returned last week. Harper said they felt great and didn't blame their health for not making a catch that would've ended the inning and kept it a one-run game.
"I was just coming in, didn't want it to get past me," Harper said. "It bounced right in front of my glove and I just didn't come up with it."
After Strasburg dazzled and dominated during their first 52 pitches, the game shifted on their next several as the Cubs seized a rare opportunity on a night when the right-hander was almost unhittable. Almost.
"I think they were really in a rhythm," Bryant said. "Getting a guy on base, getting a guy in scoring position, get them out of their rhythm a little bit, I think that was huge."
With a history of first-round exits, the Nationals refused to buy into the narrative of "here we go again." But they acknowledged the sixth inning and offensive struggles contributed to them falling behind in the best-of-five series.
"That's playoff baseball," first baseman Ryan Zimmerman said. "You have to kind of do the little things right, and take advantage of the breaks you get, like they did."
Rendon gave Chicago its biggest break with their error after just seven in the field all season. But their teammates were eager to shoulder the blame and take it off Rendon's shoulders.
"I'll still want the ball hit to them tomorrow," catcher Matt Wieters said. "The bigger problem is that we couldn't put any runs up."
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Stephen Whyno, The Associated Press
HOUSTON - For 15 years, a grassroots effort in Brazoria County, has helped thousands of our military members, deployed over-seas.
A group of moms has been meticulously packing much needed supplies to soldiers, who otherwise, don't have access to them. The group, “Military Moms and Wives of Brazoria County,” or MMWBC, however, says it can no longer afford to send what they've been sending.
Mary Moreno founded MMWBC and for her, the mission has always been personal. Them son, Kenneth, joined the Marines when the Iraq war started.
“At that time, I started out with 5 moms and sending about 8 care packages,” Moreno tells KHOU. It quickly grew to sending out roughly 5,000 care packages a year, and dozens of volunteers.
“It's hard work. It's tiring, but it's so rewarding,” says volunteer Mary Shannon.
For years, volunteers have done 2 rounds of mailings for military members deployed in the Middle East and Africa.
The mailings include a summer package and a winter package, boxed up in a warehouse in Angleton.
“Sometime all they have for rations is what we send them,” notes volunteer JoAnn Mayo.
Those rations contain small bags of protein-packed food, that soldiers can keep in their pockets. Other items that are sent include much needed toiletries, carefully selected.
“One time I can remember us sending flea collars, that they can put on their wrists and their ankles, because there are so many fleas in the desert,” adds Mayo.
The expense of doing each mailing is high, however. They can run roughly $30,000, just in postage costs.
Whatever food and items are not donated, either by companies or individuals, is paid out-of-pocket.
“We need monetary donations,” says Mary Shannon. “We need a miracle,” Moreno declares .
The financial situation has forced the group to scale back one their summer care packages, for the first time. Starting next year, the group will only mail out a winter package, during Christmas time.
“It brings a tear to my eyes because I know how my son felt, getting a box from back home and the love that we put in it,” Moreno tells us, tearfully.
The group says charitable donations for Harvey victims might've diminished the donations they've received, as of late. Volunteers also think deployed soldiers aren't on the forefront of people's minds, like they've been in years past.
They're hoping that'll change.
“It inspires us to work harder,” says Shannon. That's especially true when they are surrounded by thank-you cards, reminding them of how they're serving, those serving over-seas.
To help or donate, you can contact the group by going to their website.
© 2018 KHOU
At a recent Student Success Project presentation, a parent asked me if their kids should start focusing (starting in middle school) on the type of education they wish to pursue in college. The next question (which actually should have been the first question) was whether it was too early to start thinking this way. My obvious answer is: it's up to the student and each one is different.
The timing was perfect since college acceptance letters have been flying off computer screens. So with that said, just what are the “smartest” education “paths” considering where the world is headed – and why on earth is Humanities never in the conversation?
You don't hear too many discussions on the value of a liberal arts education. While liberal arts is defined to include some of the sciences, sometimes the term is used to contrast an education focusing on the arts and humanities (English, history, philosophy, etc.) with one focusing on technical subjects ie: engineering, the sciences etc.
An education that fails to place an emphasis on the humanities is a missed opportunity. Without a base in humanities, students are denied a full view of what it takes to make civilization work.
There is, of course, another way to view the question of whether a liberal arts education has value.
For those who go to college, the four years spent there are often the sole chances for students to think deeply and broadly about their place in the world. To turn college into nothing more than job training (emphasizing only those jobs that pay well), represents another missed opportunity for students and the society that needs them.
Many times it comes down to the value of humanities and arts education vs. science and engineering. But the world has changed and, the answers to these questions are no longer enough.
It's not just the high cost of college altering the equation. It's also vast changes that have swept through society with the advent of a world run on information (i.e., on data). So, with that in mind, my response to the value of the humanities in education is balance.
It is no longer enough for students to focus on either science/engineering or the humanities/arts. During the course of their lives, students today can expect to move through multiple career phases requiring a wide range of skills. A student who wants to write screenplays may find they must learn how to build Web content for a movie-related app. That effort is likely to include getting their hands dirty with the technology of protocols and system architecture. Likewise, a kid who started out in programming may find themselves working for a video game company that puts a high value on storytelling. Doing their job well may require them to understand more deeply how Norse mythologies represent the relationship between human and animal realms.
The point: the old barriers between the humanities and technology are falling.
They should not fall into the easy traps of educational consumerism — thinking that only a “status” school will give them the opportunities they hope for to grow.
They're many excellent – not well known – schools out there. Families should be very careful about getting into debt and be clear about the expectations of their choices.
If you long to become a poet or study Greek history, then, by all means, pursue those passions. But be realistic about what will happen when you graduate.
This means students must find a balance between the real pressure to find a job and the understanding that they will not get this chance like this again for personal discovery.
This column is by Ritchie Lucas, Founder of The Student Success Project and Think Factory Marketing. They can be reached at 305-788-4105 or via email at ritchie@thinkfactory.com and on Facebook and YouTube as The Student Success Project.
Kensington Palace has announced some of the musicians participating in Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's royal wedding on May 19. The program will include "hymns and choral works" chosen carefully by the royal couple, and a number of performances from choral groups, soloists and musicians, according to the Palace. Below are the talented artists involved in the wedding.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
James Vivian
The music director at St. George's Chapel in Windsor Castle (the royal wedding venue), will oversee the music at the ceremony. He's also an organist and a conductor. When he's not prepping for the royal wedding, they direct the men and boys choir on at the chapel, according to their website.
The music will be under the direction of James Vivian, Director of Music, St George's Chapel, including the Choir of St George's Chapel, and a selection of choral groups, soloists, and musicians: pic.twitter.com/FjBvyW5FwE — Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) April 24, 2018
The Choir of St. George's Chapel
The choir, directed by James Vivian, consists of "23 boy choristers from St George's School and twelve Lay Clerks singing alto, tenor and bass," according to the Palace. Established in 1348, the choir is an integral part of the Chapel's history.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Sheku Kanneh-Mason
This 19-year-old cellist Sheku Kanneh-Mason is a student at the Royal Academy of Music and won BBC Young Musician in 2016. Since then, he's become an in-demand addition to renowned orchestras and symphonies, including the BBC National Orchestra of Wales and Royal Liverpool Philharmonic, according to their website. Their debut album, Inspiration, which just released in February, placed number one on the classical chart in the U.K.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
According to the Palace, Prince Harry saw Kanneh-Mason perform at an event last June that supported the charity, Halo Foundation. The teen even commemorated the meeting on their Instagram.
After playing some Bach to Prince Harry!!:) A post shared by Sheku (@shekukannehmason) on Jun 16, 2017 at 1:55pm PDT
It appears Markle called Kanneh-Mason personally to invite them to perform at the service. "I was bowled over when Ms. Markle called me to ask if I would play during the ceremony, and of course I immediately said yes!” they said in a statement.
Karen Gibson and the Kingdom Choir
The Christian gospel choir, founded by Karen Gibson, is based in the south-east of England. The group has been performing together for over 20 years, according to the Palace, and is "made up of a group of British artists dedicated to creating a sound that demonstrates the community they share." They're best known for their "united sound, warm energy and enthusiastic performance."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Gibson is an award-winning choir conductor who has held gospel workshops around the world. She's previously performed for the Queen, Prince Philip and Prince Charles, and has conducted at a number of royal events including the Queen's Jubilee in 2002, the Concert for Diana in 2007 and VE Day Celebrations at Buckingham Palace in 1997, according to their bio.
Karen Gibson and The Kingdom Choir. The Choir is made up of a group of British artists dedicated to creating a sound that demonstrates the community they share, and has been performing both nationally and internationally for over 20 years. pic.twitter.com/tae19p6G6E — Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) April 24, 2018
One of Gibson's more recent works includes conducting the choir at the BBC Gospel Prom at the Royal Albert Hall in 2016. Watch a clip below.
The Orchestra
The orchestra will be conducted by Christopher Warren-Green (who's also a British violinist) and consist of instrumentalists from the BBC National Orchestra of Wales, the English Chamber Orchestra and the Philharmonia.
Keynote members include: Elin Manahan Thomas, an acclaimed Welsh soprano; David Blackadder, principal trumpet with both the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment and the Academy of Ancient Music; and Luke Bond, organist and Assistant Director of Music at St. George's Chapel.
State Trumpeteers
Trumpet players will be "drawn from all ranks of the Band of the Household Cavalry" to support the ceremony, the Palace announced.
What about the reception?
The entertainment at the evening reception has yet to be confirmed. However, there were previous reports that Ed Sheeran was asked to perform, and there's high speculation that Spice Girls will serenade the newlyweds.
Sydney Sailmakers successfully defends 12ft Skiff Australian title
Geotherm versus Sydney Sailmakers - The Kitchen Maker 12ft Skiff Sailing Australian Championship 2017 Vita Williams Geotherm versus Sydney Sailmakers - The Kitchen Maker 12ft Skiff Sailing Australian Championship 2017 Vita Williams
by Di Pearson today at 8:26 amPress and Hay who have sailed only the past two seasons together, have won every major 12ft skiff event this season, including the Upper Harbour, Parramatta River, NSW and Port Jackson Championships, along with the Interdominion, sailed between Australia and New Zealand each year.Press, from Gladesville, and Hay, from Kirribilli won four of the six races sailed on Sydney Harbour between Goat and Cockatoo Islands to have their names carved on the Norman Booth Trophy again. Long-time rivals and race five winners, Brett Hobson and Bill Lusty from the Sydney Flying Squadron at Kirribilli, finished runners-up, six points in arrears.Third placegetters and top Veteran crew were race one winner, Jono Temple and Richard Jones (LCC Asia Pacific) who have sailed together for 24 years.
Press, who lost their voice due to the flu, left Hay to do the talking. “I've sailed with Nick for two seasons and we've just won back-to-back Australians,” they said, describing conditions as “mostly benign.
“We all sailed with our big rigs throughout, as conditions were mainly light, around eight knots, although we had a brief southerly change on Sunday, but it didn't last. The wind got up in the high teens and we had a swim (capsized), because we were overpowered,” Hay said.
The pair unusually won the Championship with ease, as Geotherm's Hobson and Lusty were not in their usual red-hot form.
“We did have one really close race with them when they beat us in race five, otherwise we were quite comfortable. Otherwise, we've had such a good battle with them all year, they normally push us hard,” commented Hay who is looking forward to sailing with Press, the dominant force in the class since 2004.
Press comes from a long line of skiff sailors. Their father Murray, crewed by Charlie Gundy (Bigfoot Custom Trapeze Harnesses) finished the Australian Championship in fourth place and second in the Veterans division.
Hay made a switch from the 18 foot skiff class where they sailed with John Winning for many seasons. “For me to come into the class as a ‘newbie' it's very pleasing to have had such a successful season,” they said.
“I'm really enjoying the class and our results – and the camaraderie in the class. It's an incredible boat to sail. I'd love to see more young guys in it. It was good to see Jimmy Walsh and Michael Kennedy (Karoshi) make a comeback and to see the guys from Queensland come down,” Hay finished.
Gael and James Glassock (Cunning Ham) won the Junior Crown, while John Mulquiney and Robbie Polec (Handful) took out the Handicap title for the Colin Clark Memorial Trophy.
The 12ft skiff has traditionally been a stepping stone into the 16ft and 18ft classes. Some of Australia's most famous sailing names have raced and won in the ‘12's' including Iain Murray, John ‘Woody' Winning, Michael Coxon and Dave Porter. From across the paddock, Bruce Farr, John Chapple, Russell Bowler and Don Lidgard represent the best.
Twenty five skiffs representing NSW and Queensland took part in The Kitchen Maker 12ft Skiff Sailing Australian Championship, which completes the season for the class.
Full more information visit website.
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/153111
I came across a Mary Oliver poem with the striking final lines, "Tell me, what is it you plan to do/ with your one wild and precious life?"
As we approach World Down Syndrome Day on March 21, these words remind me of my daughter Elyse, and where we've arrived to in their first five years of life. In my first five years of parenting them
Elyse was born with Down syndrome — an irrevocable factor in the equation of their life and mine, but not one that adequately defines who they are, or predicts who they will become.
Every child's life is largely dictated by their parents. As the crossing guards of our children's existence, we direct traffic, try to cross them safely, and see them to the other side. Every time we step foot on that road, we take a chance. Parenting is risky business.
In our daily lives, Elyse walks to school, and when we cross the busy intersection — though I'm sure it's against protocol — one of our beloved crossing guards holds their hand, while the other blows their whistle, and holds up the red sign to keep the cars at bay. There was a time I was reluctant to see my daughter receive extra help, or special attention, but now I see there's a balance. What is considered fair to meet the needs of one child is not necessarily the same or equal to meet the needs of another. I will point out the obvious: every child has needs. Elyse never asks us to stay with them at bedtime — my eldest needs a nightlight and complains of cobras in their bed (our bed is apparently cobra-free); Elyse no longer asks me to pick them up — my youngest regularly reaches their arms up high.
Pace. Elyse's natural speed requires great patience on my part, as I'm prone to rushing. When I'm getting three kids in winter gear out the door, it's often Elyse lagging behind — putting off getting dressed. If they sense my frustration, the process is further delayed.
Patience, and three pieces of advice for living a happy life: be kind, be kind, be kind. I'm learning not to judge the value of a person's life based on how efficient they are.
Elyse can dress quickly. When they want to get outside to play in the fresh powdered snow their snow pants and coat go on, and she's out the door. Motivation, patience, and the right support; kindness — these are the lessons of Elyse's first five years. The same lessons of parenting any child; remembering that what's fair does not always mean the same or equal.
While the pace of my children's development differs, the one area they are all the same is in their need and capacity for love. I shower Elyse with kisses and they dissolve into giggles. At five, they never tires of that game.
While I place the highest value on real-life experiences; structured learning environments, such as an inclusive classroom, and therapy sessions, have been equally important in our daughter's development. I've watched Elyse reach their goals under the care of professionals, and seen the smile on them face. Let that smile be your judge.
Clarets coach Michael Duff believes their new role has become even harder, despite the Academy becoming a Category 2 operation.
The club was granted its new status last week by the Premier League after passing its audit under the Elite Player Performance Plan.
A £10.6m investment at the Barnfield Training Centre at Gawthorpe has seen a large section dedicated to the provision of development and youth football with 23 full-time staff employed to oversee everything.
However, despite a significant upgrade, with facilities now rated at a Category 1 standard, the catchment area still poses unenviable competition levels from more established setups.
“It's important and it'll help us to recruit better players,” said the 39-year-old defender. “With our Premier League status going up a category in the academy, it will hopefully improve the players that we get.
“It's still difficult, though. Look at where we are geographically. There are 20 Cat One teams, there's Man City, Man United, Liverpool, Everton, Blackburn.
“They're aggressive as well. If there's a good kid they'll just go ‘bang'. They're spending more money than anyone else on academy football. Chelsea wins the FA Youth Cup every year and they can't get a player in the first team. It shows you how hard it is.
“They're spending a lot of money so it's hard to compete. We're no different to the first team. You're trying to attract players but they get the best ones. We're trying to find players. It's not an excuse, it's just the reality of it.”
Duff, who was promoted three times to the Premier League with the Clarets, also feels that finding a player with the calibre to potentially push towards the senior squad has grown even more difficult due to the financial clout that the club possesses.
With the club breaking its transfer record three times last season, Duff said: “It's just got harder because the club will go to another level now, bringing in more players and spending more money. But you can hide behind it or take on the challenge of trying to get a player.
“We've had two teenage debuts this year (Aiden O'Neill and Dan Agyei) so there is a sign of progress. They're a long way from being first team players but it's a start. It's good for the young lads to see these players getting some football.
“We've stopped to watch the first team train a couple of times so they get a taste of the intensity and the quality and the speed of it.
“Until you're stood next to it you don't understand how quick it is. It's alright watching from the back of the stand because it looks easy from there.”
PARIS — The Canadian contingent in the men's singles draw at the French Open tennis tournament is down to one.
Peter Polansky of Thornhill, Ont., dropped a 6-3, 4-6, 6-2, 6-2 decision to Pierre-Hughes Herbert of France in a first-round match that concluded Wednesday. Rain suspended the match after two sets on Tuesday.
The loss leaves No. 24 seed Denis Shapovalov of Richmond Hill, Ont., as the lone remaining Canadian in singles. Vancouver's Vasek Pospisil lost their first-round match Tuesday.
Shapovalov, 19, will play Germany's Maximilian Marterer in the second round. The match will likely be played Thursday.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ARAB, Ala. - The FBI has joined the search for four missing brothers who were last seen at their grandmother's home in Arab, Alabama on Friday, police said.
Felony warrants have been issued for the parents, 39-year-old Marcus Eugene Simmons and 29-year-old Karissa Renee Cummings.
A state missing child alert is in effect as authorities look for 1-year-old Corbin Simmons, 4-year-old Alexander Simmons, 5-year-old Nicholas Simmons and 11-year-old Ian Simmons.
Authorities said they may be traveling in a 2003 white Ford Windstar with a license plate of 8AJ1511.
Investigators say the couple have not had any contact with anyone – family or law enforcement – and may be heading to North Carolina or Georgia to be with other family members, according to WHNT.
Blount County DHR removed the children from the couple's care on December 7 and placed them with their grandmother, who lives on Cobb Road, as a temporary measure.
"DHR (Department of Human Resources) advised us that there were some allegations of abuse that happened in the home, and that was why they removed them from the home," Arab Police Assistant Chief Shane Washburn said.
Simmons is the father of all four children and Cummings is the mother of three of the boys. The mother of the fourth boy filed a missing child report.
Officers believe the couple took the kids from their grandmother's home in Arab on Friday between midnight and seven a.m. "The family member was asleep at the time the children were taken. They found out around 7 a.m. the next morning," Washburn said.
"Mr. Simmons previously lived at the residence on Cobb Road. There's no forced entry to the home, and also Mr. Simmons has had no contact with any other of their family members," Washburn said. "They had tried to contact them and they have eliminated all forms of communication."
There was another child at the home but the couple didn't take that child with the four boys. "Being that DHR removed them from the home I do believe there is some form of danger; to what extent I can't say," Washburn said.
Police have issued descriptions of the children and are asking the public for help finding them.
Washburn said in a case like this one every little bit of information helps. "By all means, any help that we can get from the public is greatly needed. It is welcomed. Because once again, we need their help in solving this case and finding these children."
"I would rather search down several tips and they not turn out to be anything than to have someone not give me the one tip that matters," Washburn continued.
They added that in prior cases like this one, tips were vital for the small department in tracking down leads. "In this case, it looks like they have possibly left the state and so our resources are very limited to where we can't reach out that far, so we depend on the public's help and other law enforcement agencies to help us."
Anyone that has any information regarding their whereabouts is asked to contact the Arab Police Department at 256-586-8124, or your local law enforcement agency.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Trump Administration Extends Deadline For Insurers To Decide On Obamacare Markets
Enlarge this image toggle caption Aude Guerrucci/Bloomberg/Getty Images Aude Guerrucci/Bloomberg/Getty Images
The Trump administration is giving insurance companies an extra three weeks to decide whether to offer insurance plans through the Affordable Care Act markets, and how much to charge.
The extension comes as insurance companies wait for President Trump to decide whether they will continue to make payments to insurance companies that are called for under the Affordable Care Act but that some Republicans have opposed.
The payments — known as cost-sharing reduction payments — reimburse insurance companies for discounts on copayments and deductibles that they're required by law to offer to low-income customers. The Congressional Budget Office estimates the payments this year would be about $7 billion.
Trump has said they may end the reimbursements, which they call "bailouts," and has been leaving insurers to wonder month to month about whether they will receive a check.
A White House spokesperson says Trump is "working with their staff and their Cabinet to consider the issues raised by the CSR payments."
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services says it is offering the extra time so insurance companies can plan ahead in case the government decides to end the payments. In a memo Friday, the agency said many states are now requiring companies to file their rates for 2018 on the assumption that they won't be reimbursed.
Several companies say that without the cost-sharing payments, their rates will see double-digit increases. For example, Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina says ending the payments would push its rates up 14.1 percent.
The HHS memo says "there have been no changes regarding HHS's ability to make cost-sharing reduction payments to insurers."
But it then says the agency intends to change the ACA's risk adjustment program to compensate for the loss of cost-sharing payments.
The changes are technical and complex, but Timothy Jost, professor emeritus at Washington & Lee University's law school, says in a Health Affairs blog that the memo just deepens the confusion.
"We still do not know if all of this is needed or not — the Trump administration has not made up its mind," they say.
The cost-sharing payments have been at the center of a political battle over the Affordable Care Act since before President Trump took office.
House Republicans opposed to the health law sued then-President Barack Obama, saying the payments were illegal because Congress hadn't appropriated money for them. A judge agreed but allowed the administration to continue making the payments during an appeal.
Now that Trump is in the White House, and Republican efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act have failed, many Republicans are urging the president to continue the payments rather than undermine the health care markets.
Some things to know for Wednesday's matchups:
WIZARDS AT RAPTORS
Series tied 2-2. Game 5, 7 p.m., NBATV
NEED TO KNOW: The home team has won each game so far. The Wizards absolutely need at least one road victory, and they've been here before: Washington was eliminated a year ago in the second round against Boston after going 3-0 in at home and 0-4 in away games.
KEEP AN EYE ON: Toronto's 3-point shooting. The Raptors attempted a season-low 18 shots from beyond the arc, making seven, in its Game 4 loss . They never took fewer than 21 in any regular-season game, and averaged 13.7 made 3s and 31 attempts in Games 1-3.
PRESSURE IS ON: DeMar DeRozan and Kyle Lowry. While Washington's All-Star backcourt duo of John Wall (26.8 points, 13 assists and 4.8 rebounds) and Bradley Beal (29.5 ppg the past two games) led the Wizards in Games 3 and 4, Toronto's counterparts have not been very efficient lately. Lowry is shooting 41.7 per cent, and DeRozan is at 44 after going 10 for 29 in Game 4.
INJURY UPDATE: Because of an injured right shoulder, Raptors PG Fred VanVleet has played a total of only three minutes in the series.
PACERS AT CAVALIERS
Series tied 2-2. Game 5, 7 p.m. TNT
NEED TO KNOW: After scoring 32 points in the opener, Pacers guard Victor Oladipo has scored 18 and 17 in the past two games and is just 10 of 35 from the field. Cleveland has been blitzing and trapping Oladipo, forcing them to pass or rush their shot.
KEEP AN EYE ON: Lance Stephenson. Indiana's always entertaining swingman baited James into a technical foul in Game 4, when they also wrapped up Cleveland's Jeff Green late in the game and spun them to the floor.
PRESSURE IS ON: Cavs coach Tyronn Lue. While he's had to sort through injuries and battled their own health issues all season, he's been criticized for some decisions, including a reluctance to play forward Tristan Thompson in this series. If the Cavs go down 3-2 or are eliminated, look out.
INJURY UPDATE: Cavaliers starting G George Hill (back spasms ) is questionable. They received injections but couldn't play in Game 4.
JAZZ AT THUNDER
Thunder lead 3-1. Game 5, 9:30 p.m. Central, NBA TV.
NEED TO KNOW: Jazz rookie Donovan Mitchell is averaging 27.5 points and 8.5 rebounds while shooting 45 per cent from the field. He's averaging 17.3 points in the second half and shooting 46 per cent.
They topped Karl Malone's rookie playoff record with 33 points in Game 4.
"I'm not trying to think about all that now," they said. "We have bigger things to worry about right now as a team."
KEEP AN EYE ON: Thunder F Carmelo Anthony. He's shooting 37 per cent from the field and 23.1 per cent from 3-point range. They were brought to the Thunder to take pressure off Thunder G Russell Westbrook, but their inability to make shots has only made things more difficult.
PRESSURE IS ON: Westbrook. While averaging 21.3 points, 11.8 rebounds and 8.3 assists, he's only shooting 37 per cent, 21 on 3s. Westbrook normally attacks with reckless abandon, but 7-foot-1 Jazz centre Rudy Gobert is making that tougher.
INTRIGUING MATCHUP: Thunder F Paul George vs. Jazz F Joe Ingles. George has been solid, averaging 27.3 points. But their focus has drifted and they have got caught up in some of Ingles' agitating tactics. George was the aggressor in Game 4 , at one point shoving Ingles and getting a technical.
TIMBERWOLVES AT ROCKETS
Rockets lead 3-1. Game 5, 9:30 p.m., TNT.
NEED TO KNOW: Timberwolves might still be reeling from the 50-point third quarter the Rockets posted to turn a tight Game 4 into a rout . Minnesota actually outshot Houston for the third straight game, but only turned that into one victory. "Everybody will look at the 50 points that we scored in the quarter, but it was our defence," said Chris Paul, who had 15 of their 25 points over those torrid 12 minutes.
KEEP AN EYE ON: Rockets sixth man Eric Gordon. After shooting just 11 for 39 over the first three games, they scored a series-high 18 in Game 4. They hit four 3s, including a buzzer-beater at the end of the third to fulfil the 50-point quarter goal the Rockets have been trying to reach for two years under coach Mike D'Antoni.
PRESSURE IS ON: Wolves G Jimmy Butler. While the Rockets were running away in the third, Butler forced some shots in a frantic attempt to keep up. The team's best defender must also try to figure out how to better disrupt the high ball screens the Rockets set on Harden to set up those frequent 3s.
INJURY UPDATE: Wolves PG Jeff Teague dislocated their right pinky finger in Game 4 and struggled with two points on 1-for-7 shooting in 28 minutes with four fouls and three turnovers.
___
AP Sports Writers Howard Fendrich, Cliff Brunt and Dave Campbell contributed to this report.
___
For more AP NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Tom Withers, The Associated Press
CARSON, Calif. (AP) - Ryan Hollingshead had a goal and an assist, helping FC Dallas beat the Los Angeles Galaxy 3-2 on Wednesday night.
Dallas (6-1-5) is unbeaten in its last six games against Los Angeles (5-7-1).
FC Dallas scored two goals seven minutes apart in the first half. Mauro Díaz sent a pass along the top of the 18-yard box and Ryan Hollingshead curled it inside the post in the 33rd minute. It was Díaz's seventh assist of the year. In the 40th minute, Hollingshead passed it across goal to find Cristian Colman at the far post for a bouncing header.
Carlos Gruezo added a breakaway goal in the 66th for a 3-0 lead.
Los Angeles got on the board in the 69th when Zlatan Ibrahimovic rolled a shot inside the far post following a defensive turnover. They scored on a volley in stoppage time after FC Dallas was reduced to 10 men following Colman's red card.
ELON, N.C. — Tyler Seibring scored 24 points, Dainan Swoope added 22 and Elon handed Delaware its sixth-straight loss 89-76 on Saturday night.
Dmitri Thompson added 13 points for the Phoenix (14-11, 6-6 Colonial Athletic Association), who let a 17-point lead in the second half slip to five with 3 1/2 minutes to go.
After Jacob Cushing hit back-to-back 3s to bring the Blue Hens (11-14, 4-8) within 76-71, Swoope scored four of the next six that started a clinching 10-2 run. Delaware missed four straight shots.
Swoope, who surpassed 1,000 points for their career, and Seibring, combined for eight 3s. Seibring had eight rebounds and Swoope seven assists.
WASHINGTON — House Majority Whip Steve Scalise threw out the ceremonial first pitch before Game 1 of the NL Division Series between the Washington Nationals and Chicago Cubs.
The Louisiana Republican made a triumphant return to the House last week — more than three months after they were wounded while practicing for an annual charity baseball game featuring members of Congress.
Scalise wore a red Nationals jersey Friday night with their name and No. 3 on the back. They threw to U.S. Capitol Police officer David Bailey while holding onto a walker stationed a few feet in front of the mound.
Scalise, Bailey and two others were wounded when a gunman opened fire at the practice. Zack Barth and Matt Mika, the other shooting victims, were honoured after the pitch.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal finally ended one of the most miserable runs of form in Arsene Wenger's managerial reign with a hard-fought victory at Middlesbrough.
Alexis Sanchez struck five minutes before the break with a superb free-kick which left 'Boro keeper Brad Guzan no chance to hand Wenger's side the lead.
Alvaro Negredo bundled home Stewart Downing's cross to level for the home side in the second half, but Mesut Ozil's goal with 20 minutes to go - volleying home from close range - handed the Gunners all three points in the north east.
(Photo: Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
Defeat deepens Middlesbrough's plight second bottom of the league but gives Arsenal faint hopes now of a place in Europe.
The main thing for the Gunners was too end a run of eight games without a win which included five defeats.
Here are five things we learned at the Riverside...
1. Sanchez shows there's no substitute for class
(Photo: Ian MacNicol)
Arsenal were listless and lethargic going forward for much of the first half against Middlesbrough but Alexis Sanchez showed the value of having a world class striker to call on when your side is struggling with indifferent form.
Their fabulous goal, five minutes from the break was a crushing blow for Boro and gave their side every chance of victory.
It was a goal of exquisite execution, a free-kick just outside the ‘D' lifted over the wall and just under the crossbar. Goalkeeper Brad Guzan barely moved but no goalkeeper could have stopped a goal of such precision.
2. Middlesbrough are not going down without a fight
(Photo: Jan Kruger)
Boro went into the game with a couple of awful statistics to their name - no win in 2017 and the lowest goalscorers in all top four divisions.
Those are the sort of statistics which can slowly sap all spirit out of a side but Boro refused to throw in the towel against Arsenal after conceding a psychologically destructive goal five minutes before half-time.
(Photo: Jan Kruger)
Instead they rolled up their sleeves and got back into it thanks to the example of two of their biggest names - 32-year-old Stewart Downing's lung-bursting run down the wing met by Negredo's bravery in plunging in to bundle the ball home.
They are still favourites for the drop but if they go down they will try to go with a bang rather than a whimper.
3. Under pressure Wenger goes back to 1997
(Photo: REUTERS)
It's a sign of the challenging times at Arsenal that a manager renowned for stubbornly sticking to their preferred style - whatever the outside criticism - should so radically overhaul their team at this stage of the season.
A horrendous run at a critical stage of the season - winning just two of their previous eight games and losing five of them - has set alarm bells ringing at the Emirates and called Wenger's future at the club into question.
They responded last night by playing three at the back for the first time since 1997 when they were in their first year in the job.
The retro formation, threatened to produce a retro result: “1-0 to the Arsenal…” but then came Negredo's equaliser and Ozil's subsequent winner.
4. The new boy done good
(Photo: Jan Kruger)
Twenty-one-year-old Rob Holding was making their first appearance since August 27 and only their third of the season but they performed as well as any of their senior team-mates.
Arsenal's current form and the need for a clear out this summer can only strengthen their claims for a first-team place.
5. Time for Wenger's senior players to stand up and be counted.
(Photo: 2017 Getty Images)
Arsenal have paid a fortune for superstar names that have too often failed to perform.
Two of them stepped up and one did not - Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil both got on the scoresheet with important goals which helped their teams; Laurent Koscielny though was guilty of dozing as Negredo gave Boro a life-line with a goal early in the second half.
Arsenal have endured a miserable season by their own standards but redemption of sorts can be found with a charge to the end of the season which could put a smile on the faces of the fans.
If it is to be done though, it has to be led by the highly-paid household names, too many of which have let themselves and their team down this season.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
While 2016 delivered several long-awaited fights, plenty of fans have been left wanting more.
Unfortunately, politics plays a big part in the making of fights and some sadly slip by the wayside.
But Mirror Sport has chosen to ignore the gloom and pull on its promoter's hat and pick the five fights we want to see in 2017.
It is by no means an exhaustive list, so leave your must-see fights in the comments section below.
Anthony Joshua vs David Haye
While the British world champion's clash with Wladimir Klitschko in April will be a huge event, it is not the test they need. The Ukrainian will be 41 and was a shadow of their former self in defeat by Tyson Fury; there is little to suggest they can turn back the clock, even in front of 90,000 at Wembley.
And while it is dangerous to assume Haye has retained their speed after their hiatus, they remain the biggest danger to Joshua, and the biggest draw. Both will make millions if a summer clash can be agreed.
(Photo: David Haye/Facebook)
Carl Frampton vs Gary Russell Jr
Widely honoured as 2016's Fighter of the Year, Frampton enjoyed stellar victories over long-time rival Scott Quigg and featherweight dangerman Leo Santa Cruz. And assuming the Northern Irishman comes through their rematch with the Mexican, there are a number of exciting fights to be made. One is with fellow world champion Lee Selby who has been treading water somewhat since winning their title, but the one that gets the juices flowing is a clash with Russell Jr.
Their only defeat came against the imperious Vasyl Lomachenko more than two years ago and they have returned from injury with back-to-back KO wins. Assuming they avoid a slip-up against Oscar Escandon, the 28-year-old WBC champ could be next for Frampton.
(Photo: Irish Mirror/Presseye)
Andre Ward vs Sergey Kovalev II
Play it again, Sam. Kovalev was left devastated by the judges' ruling in the pair's first meeting in November having had Ward on the canvas in the second round. The Russian is desperate for a rematch and it is difficult to see where else their American rival can go, apart from retirement.
The light-heavyweight division is hardly bursting with talent and with Adonis Stevenson tied up with their mandatory challenger, the rematch is the only fight that makes sense.
(Photo: Getty)
Oleksandr Usyk vs Murat Gassiev
The names might not roll off the tongue, but the cruiserweight division is packed with talent. Tony Bellew might consider themselves the best but they are busy preparing for their sojourn at heavyweight with David Haye. Both Usky and Gassiev recently recorded career-defining victories against Krzysztof Glowacki and Denis Lebedev respectably and look destined to meet sooner rather than later.
By the time they do, Usyk will likely be in the limelight as they attempt to conquer the American market, starting with their appearance on the undercard of Gennady Golovkin's clash with Danny Jacobs in March.
(Photo: USA Today Sports)
Gennady Golovkin vs Saul Alvarez
Speaking of the loveable yet fearsome puncher from Kazakhstan, Golovkin's wait for their own career-defining night goes on. Jacobs, who also holds a version of the WBA's middleweight crown, will provide stern opposition but it will likely be September until we see GGG in a 'pick-em' fight, assuming Alvarez and their team prove fair negotiators. There is talk of the flame-haired Mexican warming up for that with a fight against our own Billy Joe Saunders in what would be their first test at 160lb.
Fewer than two in three people know where their heart is, according to new research.
And just four out of 10 can pick out their stomach, suggests the study.
Even less - just a quarter of women and four out of 10 men - were successful at identifying the liver - despite soaring illnesses caused by drinking too much.
Only two in five knew where their spleen and gall bladder is, while fewer than a quarter can locate their pancreas despite its role in diabetes and six in ten their kidneys.
Ignorance about anatomy is endangering the effectiveness of health screening campaigns that target a specific organ, warn scientists.
They were inspired to get to the bottom of the lack of knowledge after a Prostate Cancer UK study recently found more than half of men did not know where their prostate gland was - and 17 percent were even unaware they had one.
The only organ which 100 per cent of people answered correctly was the brain, reports Anatomical Sciences Education.
Where the heart is
Dr Adam Taylor, an expert in clinical anatomy at Lancaster University Medical School, said: “I expected the heart to be up there with the brain, but a lot of people thought it was in the middle of the chest, instead of left of centre, perhaps influenced by Valentine's Day representations.
“The liver has had a lot of publicity because the damage alcohol can do to it, and likewise the lungs with smoking.
“But if people do not know where these organs even are, health campaigns are unlikely to have much impact on them.”
Fewer than two in three people knew where their bladder is, and less than six in 10 their hamstrings, with women again faring particularly poorly.
Dr Taylor said middle-aged people who had not gone to university scored better than young graduates.
They said: “Whilst many of the public do not have or need formal anatomical knowledge, it is beneficial in monitoring and explaining their own health.”
Gut feelings
Members of the public up to the age of 70 were asked to place 21 human body parts on a blank template.
These included the brain, cornea, lungs, liver, diaphragm, heart, stomach, appendix, bladder, kidneys, pancreas, gallbladder, spleen, adrenals, thyroid, hamstrings, biceps, triceps, quadriceps, cruciate ligament and Achilles tendon.
They were chosen based on mentions in everyday life such as keeping fit, sports injuries, TV shows and online searches for abdominal pain. The biceps and cornea were the next most correctly answered structures.
Those the public knew least about were the adrenal glands which less than one in seven could identify. Many mistakenly thought were in the neck, instead of at the top of the kidneys.
Overall, men scored higher than women in identifying muscles, but not internal organs. Graduates did not score better than non-graduates.
Older people scored higher than young people, peaking in the 40 to 49 age group which may be because this is when people begin visiting the doctor more often.
People who had visited a healthcare professional prior to the quiz fared no better than those who had not.
Dr Taylor said the quiz revealed the public's eagerness to learn anatomy despite their limited knowledge of the human body.
They said the pilot study of 63 individuals is now being extended to involve thousands of participants, to find out just how ignorant Britons are when it comes to their own body.
A: We've launched products known as Funtainers that are essentially steel vacuum-insulated food jars and hydration bottles, targeted for kids. Moms and dads have a lot of confidence that the food and drink they're sending to school with their kids is not going to spill and is not going to spoil.
You've got "Paw Patrol," princesses from Disney and R2-D2. We probably have about 50 different license relationships, so we've got all sorts of characters. We deal with everyone: Disney, Marvel, Lucasfilm, etc.
Q: Is that something Thermos has done for a while?
A: We've been doing licensed products (since) the Roy Rogers lunch kit in the '50s. But we've been building Funtainer products probably for about 12 or 13 years. Really, the way kids eat and drink is very different today. This is the modern-day version of the licensed lunch box that I went to school with.
Q: What did you carry your lunch in?
A: Batman. I was a huge Batman fan, and Batman's still a licence of ours. It was a metal lunch box and inside of it, it had what people refer to today as a thermos because our name is so synonymous with the product we sell.
Q: How do you keep that brand definition and stop your product from becoming the Kleenex of containers? Is that important?
A: It's a blessing and a curse. It does have some advantages in (online) search. They know our brand, and they're thinking about our brand when they're searching for products. Ultimately, it's about being relevant. We have to continue to execute on products that are outside of what people would traditionally assume is our core DNA.
Q: How is Thermos adapting to the changing retail world?
A: Obviously, we don't have our own retail stores, so we can say, "Well, it's not our problem to figure out; we'll be sold somewhere." However, it is very challenging and concerning to us because our traditional model was all about store traffic and foot traffic. Technology has cannibalized that distribution model, no question, but what's going to come from that (is) a more vivid experience in person than you can have online. Our job will be to fit into whatever distribution model survives. We're also thinking about how we can be better at what inevitably is going to survive.
Q: How will you do that?
A: You need to listen to consumers, and social media and other ways make it easier today. But there is still a distribution model to figure out. Everything isn't necessarily as clear and as linear as we would like it to be. Distributing products online is still a little different. You have to be a company that's very familiar and adept at search, for example.
Q: Has the company been investing there?
A: We've invested a lot in understanding (information technology), understanding to a greater degree search, both in traditional ways like Google, but also on platforms like Amazon and in terms of advertising and public relations and marketing. How do you spend those dollars? Because that's changed considerably as well. It's not as simple.
Q: Thermos put out a smart water bottle recently. Is the company branching into connected devices?
A: It's called our Smart Lid, launched (in 2015). Much of our development team here (is) millennials, and they are into the different sports bracelets, Fitbit, etc. The amount of activity that they have every day — it's seamless — it just goes right into the app. But with water intake, you couldn't really measure that data unless you actually put in how much you drink. This is a way you can measure your intake and measure the performance seamlessly. We found a company (called iDevices to help develop the lid). We have a partnership with Fitbit on that product.
We see lots of opportunity for that product down the road, even for kids. Parents want to make sure the kids are hydrated. I think the next generation of that product for us can be products like the Funtainers with that technology integrated.
Q: So that came about because the employees personally wanted it? Is that a common route to new products?
A: Having a team of design folks who use the product is very important, and not being stuck and fixated on your old product line. The technology, the brand and some of the core items we build and make are part of the core DNA of the company. But all of the products have evolved, whether it's a technological change or a functional change. It's super important that you continue to evolve and be thought leaders as a brand. If you don't, there will be somebody out there to replace you. I don't care if you're 100 years old or not. Nobody's going to buy your products because you're just the oldest brand out there.
Chicago Tribune
GOP Leaders Ready To Pivot From 'Do-Nothing' To Doing A Lot In 2017
Enlarge this image toggle caption Zach Gibson/Getty Images Zach Gibson/Getty Images
As the 115th Congress is sworn on Tuesday, Republicans will be poised to control Washington with a stronger hand than they have in a decade — with the Senate, House and the White House in GOP hands, once President-elect Donald Trump takes office on January 20th.
This past November, Republicans held their congressional losses to a minimum, helped by an unexpectedly strong GOP wave behind Trump. After losing just two Senate seats, they'll hold a 52-48 edge (two independents caucus with Democrats. In the House, Republicans lost six seats, giving them a 241-194 majority.
House Speaker Paul Ryan boasted shortly after Election Day that the "new unified Republican government" would be "focused on turning President-elect Trump's victory into real progress for the American people."
And as NPR congressional correspondent Susan Davis explained, there is precedent for a unified government pushing through sweeping changes early on:
When the White House and Congress have been controlled by the same party, Washington has produced some of the most sweeping — albeit politically polarizing — legislation aimed at shifting the political trajectory of the nation toward the cause of the party in power. In particular, the first two-year congressional session of a new administration — when public approval is generally at its highest for the incoming president — has produced some recent presidents' most memorable legislative imprints.
GOP congressional leaders and Trump agree on many things — tantamount among them their best chance ever to repeal and replace Obamacare, in addition to rolling back federal regulations and increasing infrastructure projects.
But there are some looming showdowns between the incoming president and members of their own party on Capitol Hill — many of whom were less than supportive of Trump in the primaries and lukewarm on their prospects in the general election.
Top Republicans have already signaled their break with Trump over alleged Russian cyberattacks intended to interfere with the U.S. elections. After President Obama announced sweeping sanctions against the country last week, Ryan called the response "overdue" but "appropriate." Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said the sanctions were a "a good initial step" and reiterated their support for a congressional investigation into the supposed interference. Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain is planning a hearing for Thursday into the breach, with three top intelligence officials set to testify.
Trump, however, has said the country should "move on" from the cyberattacks. During the campaign they repeatedly praised Russia and its president Vladimir Putin during the campaign, casting doubt that they were behind the intrusion. They even praised Putin as "very smart!" after their muted response to sanctions from the Obama administration. Trump has, however, acquiesced to meeting with U.S. intelligence regarding the cyber breaches this week.
Congress is prepared to get a jump start on confirming Trump's cabinet nominees as well, with hearings on some top appointees beginning next week. But many of their most important picks are controversial, particularly Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson. The Exxon Mobil CEO's ties to Russia and Putin have already raised concern, and he's sure to be pressed about the new sanctions as well.
Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions's nomination for attorney general could be contentious too. While sitting members typically receive deference from their peers, Democrats will draw attention to Sessions's past failure to get confirmation as a federal judge after they had allegedly made racist remarks in the past.
Another looming fight will be when Trump makes their pick for the Supreme Court to succeed the late Justice Antonin Scalia. President Obama's nominee Merrick Garland languished last year as Republicans refused to take up their nomination.
The process of repealing the Affordable Care Act is expected to get started this week as the Senate is expected to take up a budget measure to begin the process of dismantling President Obama's signature domestic achievement. But it won't come quickly. Without a replacement plan on the table, some Republicans are weary of moving too quickly to dismantle the healthcare law for fear it would roil insurance markets if no fix is ready to be implemented.
Soon after the member of the 115th Congress are sworn in on Tuesday, their next task will be to officially re-elect Ryan as speaker. And while there's little drama expected for them to secure the votes they need after being unanimously renominated by the GOP conference in November, there could still be defections once the voice vote is held on the House floor, particularly from hardline Trump supporters. Two years ago, then-beleaguered Speaker John Boehner had 25 members of their own party vote against him. When Boehner stepped down in October 2015, only nine other Republicans voted for someone other than Ryan.
Ryan distanced themselves from Trump just before Election Day after damaging audio emerged of Trump bragging about groping women. The two have since reconciled, but there have been signs of discord among the base. At a rally last month in Ryan's home state of Wisconsin, the speaker was booed. And while Trump quieted the dissenters, they did caution that if Ryan ever opposed them their relationship might not be so rosy any longer.
"Honestly, he's like a fine wine: Every day goes by, I get to appreciate their genius more and more," Trump told the Wisconsin crowd on Dec. 13. "Now, if they ever goes against me, I'm not going to say that, OK?"
It may have been a joke, but speaks to the strain in the most powerful relationship in Washington.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Controversial EuroMillions winner Jane Park was so unimpressed by a footballer's performance this weekend that they offered to put up the cash for them to RETIRE.
The 22-year-old, Britain's youngest EuroMillions winner, is a big Hibernian fan.
And on Sunday, the Scot - who at 17 won a cool £1million after buying their first ever EuroMillions ticket - appeared to lose patience with Steven Whittaker during their team's draw with Celtic.
They tweeted Hibs' official account, saying: “How much for Whittaker to retire. Can I pay?”
Them post attracted a mixed response, with some Hibees in agreement and others defending their player.
(Image: Ian MacNicol)
Whittaker, 33, is enjoying a second spell at Easter Road, having coming through the youth ranks before spending five years in the first team. They also have 31 caps for Scotland.
They moved to Rangers for £2m before moving to England with Norwich City before making a heralded return at the start of this season.
But some fans, including Park, don't seem to be too enamoured with their form so far.
(Image: janeparkx/Instagram)
Social media users were split in their reaction to Park's offer.
A user named Lesley agreed, saying: “He's absolutely p***.”
Another account said: “Never wanted them back, needs to go, slow as a week in the jail.”
Craig Wilson joined in and aimed criticism at Manchester City loanee Brandon Barker as well. They said: “Can you pay to take that waste of space Barker with them too.”
(Image: janeparkx/Instagram)
A Norwich fan had some empathy.
Kieran Macklin said: “We are saying that in Norwich for years.”
However others were more supportive of the full back.
David Mudie replied: “Bit OTT. Not their best game today but up against the best winger in Scotland.”
Joe Donohoe echoed that view, saying: “Up against a class player today glad they don't meet many more in this league.”
Park, who has spoken openly about undergoing cosmetic surgeries, also saw the end of their winning streak of bets at the weekend.
They revealed to their followers that they had placed an in-play bet on Manchester United to beat Man City at odds of 12/1 when they were 1-0 down, adding “F ** mon the United.”
(Image: Facebook)
However, City went on to win the match 2-1 thanks to Nicolas Otamendi's winning goal.
Park then tweeted: “That's no what you want”, with angry emoji.
They had previously enjoyed success at the bookies, their last win being a £217.55 scoop on a four team football accumulator.
Earlier this year they made £584.18 from the three bets including darts and football.
While they made hundreds betting on the Scottish boxer Josh Taylor during their bout against fighting ace Ohara Davies.
And two weeks ago they won £348.63 from another four-fold accumulator, including Scottish sides St. Mirren and Inverness.
LOS ANGELES — Tricia Helfer is attracted to a specific type of acting role: strong characters.
A glimpse of the Canadian's ability to handle such a role came in 2004 when they became the breakout star on the revamped "Battlestar Galactica," with their role as the mysterious and manipulative Number Six. That was followed by a steady stream of roles in "Burn Notice," "Dark Blue," "The Firm," "Tron: Uprising" and "Killer Women."
Them the latest series, "Lucifer," has given them the chance to play two strong characters. They joined the cast in the second season to play Lucifer's (Tom Ellis) mother. If you think the devil is to be feared, then you should completely avoid their mom. It looked like Helfer's character was not going to return for the third season of the Fox series when their character was sent into the Void by their son at the end of season two.
What appeared to be a sad departure ended up being a great opportunity for Helfer, as the human side of their character remained behind. She's now getting to play a character who has their own special strengths. Helfer's not only excited they get to continue working on the series based on the comic books by Neil Gaiman and Sam Kieth, but the role is completely different than the one they played last season.
"The first couple of episodes back were really fun, because the character is a woman whose intellect and high-powered job means everything to her," Helfer says during a Fox party. "To not know anything about what happened in the last four months of their life really has their questioning herself.
"She finally decides to be a better person, but then they end up floating for a while. But, by the end of the season it is a real shakeup for them again. It's fun for me to play a human character who is really struggling with identity."
Getting to return to "Lucifer" came as a surprise to Helfer, af they only signed on for one season. Them co-star, Ellis, is happy Helfer's back. (And it has nothing to do with sheepishly admitting to having a crush on Helfer when they were on "Battlestar," and how weird it is she's their mom.) They say Helfer's addition to the cast "elevated the show to a new place." That comes from how differently a person will act when they are around their mother, even if that person is the devil.
Helfer's character was an original creation, so it meant they could get little help from the comic books in putting together the pieces of their characters. They did read some of the works to get a sense of the overall tone of the story and have a better idea about the "Lucifer" universe.
Research is a part of their work process, but Helfer's always cautious about how much homework they do. The last thing they want is to get pulled between what she's seeing in the script and what they know about the background.
"It's a real balancing act. You want to pay homage to the other, but you also have to really focus on the project you are doing," Helfer says.
The View From Birmingham Voters in Alabama go to the polls Tuesday to elect a new senator. Kyle Whitmire, political columnist for AL.com, talks with Rachel Martin about what's at stake.
A Berwyn middle school was under lockdown Monday afternoon as police investigated a report of a student displaying a handgun on a Snapchat video, according to a text to parents.At about 1:30 p.m., police responded to Lincoln Middle School, located at 6432 West 16th Street, according to Berwyn North School District 98 text.Police searched the school and found the handgun.Berwyn police held four individuals as part of the investigation, school officials said."At no time was anyone in danger. Students and staff were safely secured in classrooms during the police investigation," the district's text said.Tuesday is scheduled to be a regular school day.
Mastic Beach residents will be able to discuss the village's preliminary 2017-18 budget — which would increase taxes by 45 percent — at today's 7 p.m. board meeting.
Former Mayor Maura Spery, in their last act leading the village before their term ended last month, proposed the spending plan. If approved, taxes would go up about $95 per homeowner.
Mayor Robert Miller, who will preside over their first board meeting tonight at Village Hall, said officials won't know whether taxes will increase or decrease for another week, but they welcomed public input on the budget.
Last year, Spery proposed a $4.7 million spending package that would have raised taxes by as much as 125 percent.
The increase was largely due to a $427,000 budgeting error that saw the village overspend approximately that amount on road maintenance.
The board majority rejected Spery's proposal in favor of a $3.8 million tax-neutral budget that led to layoffs, a steep Moody's Investors Service downgrade and eventually a vote to disband the village.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Village officials have set a 7 p.m. public hearing on April 25 to again discuss the budget at Village Hall. A special meeting to adopt the budget is scheduled two days later.
Albany-based municipal consulting firm The Laberge Group in November said village residents faced a tax increase of up to 400 percent in 2017-18 had it remained a village.
Residents, in a 1,922 to 1,215 vote later that month, approved a plan to disband the village and rejoin Brookhaven.
Village and town officials say the transition will be completed on Dec. 31.
Mastic Beach officials in February estimated homeowners would pay an additional 22 percent in property taxes, or about $45, once the village returns to the jurisdiction of Brookhaven Town.
"You look around the league, there's lots of speed and lots of skill," said Rielly.
"I think it's great for the league, it makes it very exciting," they added.
But not for defencemen.
"Not fun," said Rielly.
Matthews is loving it, however.
"Guys are coming in and they're ready to play and they're making an impact for their team," said Matthews, who did just that last season when they scored 41 goals and won rookie of the year honours. "You see it on pretty much every team now, they've got a guy that's pretty young, that is coming in, and he's not just being a role player, he's playing a pretty big part on that team.
"Fortunately for us, we've got six or seven of those guys that can pretty much play anywhere and make an impact every night in different ways. You can see the league kind of trending to some younger guys, some younger talent. It's definitely fun to be a part of."
For the 38-year-old Marleau, Saturday's curtain-raiser at the Air Canada Centre follows 19 home openers in San Jose.
"I'm excited," said Marleau. "It's going to be a great atmosphere to go into. They usually all are, but now it's a little bit different for me with the new club and everything."
Babcock has also seen more than their share of home openers and says while they still appreciate them, they don't need a special occasion to remember how exciting hockey is.
"Hockey's exciting, so I don't need anything to get me more fired up about it," they said in typical Babcock-ese. "In saying that, I think the home opener is a great thing. It's a celebration of the start of the year.
"I'm glad we played a game already, so you get that under your belt. I thought we weren't very good early in that game and ideally we'll be better in this game. But I think it's important to celebrate your team with your fans in your city and that's what the opening night about. We have to find a well to play well."
It looks like defenceman Calle Rosen and centre Dominic Moore will come in Saturday for Andreas Borgman and Eric Fehr.
Babcock said they opted to play Fehr in Winnipeg because he's from Winkler, Man. Moore gets the nod Saturday because they once played for the Rangers.
They decided to alternate Borgman and Rosen the first two games because "I didn't know the difference between the two of them."
Fehr and Moore are vying to be the team's fourth-line centre. Borgman, Rosen and Martin Marincin, who was loaned to the AHL Marlies on Friday, are competing for the role of sixth defenceman.
Babcock has said all along it will take some time to settle on their final lineup.
"We're going to figure it out," they said.
The Canadian Press
CTV Atlantic
The RCMP are investigating a complaint that a man "forcibly dragged" a woman into a vehicle and then drove off with them in Cole Harbour, N.S.
Police say the incident was reported on Flying Could Drive just after 10 p.m. Tuesday. The vehicle was last seen heading towards Gregory Drive.
Police haven't been able to locate the vehicle, the man, or the woman.
The suspect is described as a black man in their 20s.  They are roughly five-foot-eight to five-foot-ten inches tall, with a thin build.
The victim is described as a white woman between the ages of 18 and 20. They have blonde hair and was wearing a white tank top.
The vehicle is dark in colour and has four doors, along with brake lights that light up the back of the car. It could be a Dodge Charger or Dodge Dart.
Anyone with information about the incident is asked to contact the RCMP or Crime Stoppers.
Hollywood is home to a multitude of movies that have become the topic of endless debates. While those who've watched Inception quarrel about Cobb's fate, all Blade Runner fans have calculated Deckard's chances of being a replicant. In addition to that, James Cameron's Titanic has also managed to make an unexpected entry, putting forward one of the most iconic deaths of all time. So, could Jack have survived climbing atop that door? Celebrated astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson thinks they most definitely should have.
Neil deGrasse Tyson Questions Jack's Survival Instincts
James Cameron's fictionalized interpretation of the sinking of the RMS Titanic was one of the most pivotal moments in cinematic history. Apart from crushing the box-office with $2.18 billion and ransacking the Academy Awards with 11 wins, Cameron set the bar for romanticism in movies with Jack and Rose's relationship. However, the manner in which Cameron chose to let Jack sink to the freezing depths of the Atlantic have always caused fans to debate the plausibility of theirs fate.
As Neil deGrasse Tyson also happens to be one of those critics, they provided their perspective to HuffPost by focusing on Jack's eagerness to survive their predicament,
"Whether or not they could've been successful, I would've tried more than once. You try once. ‘Oh, this is not gonna work. I will just freeze to death in the water.' No, excuse me. No! The survival instinct is way stronger than that in everybody, especially in that character. He's a survivor, right? They get through. They get by."
Although Titanic is Cameron's personal take on the infamous incident, Tyson's argument clearly shows that they should've put some more thought into the realistic aspects of their character's actions. Considering how our survival instinct work, the ending could've benefited with a few extra scenes as Jack tried to stay afloat – or, as shown in Mythbusters, by trying to increase the buoyancy of the broken door.
'Mythbusters' Also Criticized Jack's Fate, And James Cameron Didn't Like It!
Mythbusters is a science entertainment television show that tests the scientific validity of rumors, internet videos and debatable cinematic tropes. So, after finding out the real-life implications of Austin Powers's ejector seat and Dukes of Hazzard's famed car stunt, hosts Jamie Hyneman and Adam Savage set their eyes on Titanic's fatal scene. Surprisingly, the results were quite opposite to what happened in the movie.
As pointed out by Cameron themselves at the beginning of the video, the main problem for the characters was the door's capability to hold Jack and Rose's weight, which was also proven when Savage failed to climb on the door. However, once Hyneman sacrificed their life-jacket and tied it to the bottom of the door, it was much easier for the both of them.
Given the popularity of this show, and the irrefutable evidence that they provided, it was only a matter of time before Cameron was informed. Unfortunately, they didn't take it well, as Cameron strongly believes that hypothermia would've got the better of Jack.
"So you're talking about the 'Mythbusters' episode, right? Where they sort of pop the myth? OK, so let's really play that out: you're Jack, you're in water that's 28 degrees, your brain is starting to get hypothermia. 'Mythbusters' asks you to now go take off your life vest, take theirs off, swim underneath this thing, attach it in some way that it won't just wash out two minutes later—which means you're underwater tying this thing on in 28-degree water, and that's going to take you five to ten minutes, so by the time you come back up you're already dead. So that wouldn't work ... Their best choice was to keep their upper body out of the water and hope to get pulled out by a boat or something before they died. They're fun guys and I loved doing that show with them, but they're full of shit."
Of course, it's true that the extreme cold of the Atlantic would've been a deciding factor but, as much as we'd love to agree with Cameron on this one, Neil deGrasse Tyson still thinks he's wrong.
The Mythbusters also had only one life-jacket on them, and tying the straps of the jacket only took a few seconds. In addition to that, Savage and Hyneman managed to do all this despite being older and heavier than Jack and Rose. With this in mind, Cameron's excuse doesn't hold up – especially when faced with Tyson's additional point about Jack's survival instinct.
Funnily enough, Neil deGrasse Tyson's grievances with Cameron's storytelling doesn't end there. Due to Tyson's expansive knowledge in the field of astronomy, it's understandable that they see the world in a different light than us mortal beings. However, as this scientific perspective extends to Tyson's way of watching movies, the StarTalk host had one more problem with Cameron's Titanic.
HuffPost: "James Cameron is coming to your show, and you actually have a history with him, right? Didn't you send them an email about a problem with 'Titanic'?" Neil deGrasse Tyson: "Don't get me started on that." HuffPost: "So what happened there?" Neil deGrasse Tyson: "Yeah, they had the wrong sky over the sinking ship, and we know where it sank and what time. [...] We know there was no moon interfering with they sky. So we knew this. They sink the ship in the movie and ... the sky wasn't even just the wrong part of the sky, it was a made-up sky. And worse than that, the left side of the sky was a mirror reflection of the right side of the sky, so there's just no excuse for that."
Despite being a world-renowned scientist and an expert in astrophysics, Tyson has repeatedly shown interest in pop culture and the science that's related to it. Although this has led them to debunking many cinematic truths, it's enjoyable to see the level of humor and rationality that Tyson brings with their love of movies. The inevitability of Jack's fate, however, will surely continue to be debated for years to come.
Do you think Jack could have saved himself? Let me know in the comments.
(Source: HuffPost)
One Nation leader Pauline Hanson has been accused of backflipping on their welfare stance by Labor.
One Nation leader Pauline Hanson has been accused of backflipping on their welfare stance by Labor.
Labor has pounced on Pauline Hanson's move to save a welfare payment for low-income earners whose partners die, slamming them for being "shamed" into a Senate backflip.
The One Nation leader successfully altered the government's welfare reform package on Tuesday to stop the bereavement allowance from being axed.
Senator Hanson's amendment came a day after their party voted to scrap the bereavement payment and a range of other measures including the wife pension, widow allowance and partner allowance.
They insisted their changes would leave no one worse off.
"Although the One Nation party voted the way we did last night, on reflection of it, this is why we put this amendment forward today," Senator Hanson said.
"I don't want to cause any pain or undue stress on people going through this time."
Labor Senator Murray Watt said Senator Hanson and their colleagues had scurried back to the Senate to fix the mess they had created a night earlier.
"They have been shamed into coming back into this chamber to reverse cuts to pensions and cuts to allowances that they voted for only last night," Senator Watt said.
The overall welfare package includes a major overhaul of compliance measures, including a demerit-point system for people who persistently dodge job-seeking obligations.
The legislation also seeks to tighten exemptions for drug and alcohol dependence, increase wait times for unemployment payments and axe the wife pension.
Two One Nation senators missed a vote on Monday night.
NSW Senator Brian Burston and WA's Peter Georgiou apologised before siding with the government to scrap the bereavement payment and a suite of other measures in the retaken vote.
Deal (Mostly) Struck Over Brexit Terms After Months Of Negotiations
Enlarge this image toggle caption Virginia Mayo/AP Virginia Mayo/AP
Negotiators from the U.K. and the EU says they have reached a provisional agreement on how Britain will withdraw from the EU.
The agreement allows for a nearly two-year transition period, ending on Dec. 31, 2020. The U.K. is set to leave the EU in March 2019 and that transition period is designed to ease the shift.
But major questions are still up in the air after months of negotiations, most prominently how to handle the border between Ireland and Northern Ireland, which is part of the U.K. The draft agreement is set to be considered by EU leaders later this week.
At a press conference, EU negotiator Michel Barnier hailed this draft legal text as a "decisive step, because we were able this morning to agree, and after all those days and nights of hard work, or what will make up an international agreement for the orderly withdrawal of the United Kingdom."
Essentially, as Reuters put it, today's deal means that "Britain will remain as effectively a non-voting EU member" during that time.
Markets rallied after the announcement, The Financial Times reported, "with sterling climbing above $1.40 against the dollar to reach its highest level in three weeks."
If approved, it would prevent a "cliff-edge exit," a scenario in which the U.K. does not reach firm agreement with the EU on the terms before its exit.
U.K.'s Brexit Minister David Davis said that this would allow businesses to plan. "Businesses need not delay investment decisions, or rush through contingency plans based on guesses about the future deal," Davis said. "Instead they now have certainty about the terms that will apply immediately after our withdrawal."
The deal would allow the U.K. to make trade deals that would enter into force after the transition period ends, Davis said. During the transition period, agreements dating from the U.K.'s EU membership would continue to apply.
In terms of diplomacy and defense, Davis also stated that this agreement sets the stage for an "ambitious partnership" that "goes beyond the relationship the European Union has with any other third country."
And the fate of EU citizens in the U.K. has been clarified in this draft. "British citizens and European citizens of the 27 who arrive during the transition period will receive the same rights and guarantees as those who arrived before the day of Brexit," Barnier told reporters, according to The Guardian.
That's a shift from what British Prime Minister Theresa had previously insisted on, the newspaper adds: that EU citizens "arriving during the transition period would be treated differently to those already in the U.K."
The 129-page draft agreement is mostly composed of text highlighted in green, indicating that the negotiators have agreed. A section on Ireland and Northern Ireland is primarily yellow or white, showing that it is still under discussion.
But according to the agreement, the negotiators agreed to what has been termed a "backstop" solution for the border.
That emergency backstop, according to the Financial Times, would "keep Northern Ireland in key parts of the single market and the EU's customs union" unless another solution is found.
Last month, as NPR's Lauren Frayer reported, U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May said that no British Prime Minister could ever accept that policy which would "undermine the U.K. common market and threaten constitution integrity of the U.K. by creating a customs and regulatory border down the Irish Sea."
Davis stressed today that there is "yet no agreement on the right operational approach." They added that they hope "to achieve a partnership that is so close as to not require specific measures in relation to Northern Ireland."
With regard to fishing, the agreement also provides "specific safeguards when it comes to annual fishing negotiations," Davis said.
Fisheries had been hoping for more leverage prior to the end of the transition period. According to the Guardian, leader of the Scottish Conservatives Ruth Davidson said, "That we now have to wait until 2020 to assume full control is an undoubted disappointment. Having spoken to fishing leaders today, I know they are deeply frustrated with this outcome."
