SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Chiefs of Samsung Electronics and Hyundai Motor said Monday their businesses would face increased uncertainties due to growing protectionism.
Samsung Vice Chair Kwon Oh-hyun urged employees in a new year's speech to reform the company by strengthening quality control as growth slows in its key markets and trade protectionism increases uncertainties in the economy and politics.
Samsung is expected to announce this month the findings of its investigation into the Galaxy Note 7, JoongAng Ilbo reported, citing an unnamed company official. The flagship smartphone, released in August, caught fire and overheated, prompting two global recalls and its discontinuation last year. Samsung declined to comment on when it would share the findings with public.
Hyundai Motor Chair Chung Mong-koo also warned about the increased uncertainties this year, citing slow growth in the global economy, the spread of protectionism and the increased competition in the auto industry.
Advertisement
They said that South Korea's largest automotive group aims to sell 8.25 million vehicles this year.
Hyundai Motor and its sister Kia Motors missed their sales target in 2016, selling 7.88 million cars as consumers flocked to sports utility vehicles rather than sedans, Hyundai's mainstay, and the popularity of imported vehicles grew in South Korea. Hyundai Motor workers' strike disrupted local car production, hurting sales.
BOARDS
Douglas M. Nadjari of Sea Cliff, a partner at Ruskin Moscou Faltischek in Uniondale, has been elected chairperson of the board of directors of the Island Harvest food bank in Bethpage.
Friends of Karen, a Port Jefferson nonprofit that supports critically ill children and their families, has appointed two members to its Long Island advisory board.
Patricia Catalina of Miller Place is executive vice president at Arizona Beverages USA in Woodbury.
Louis Karol of East Williston, a certified public accountant, is a managing partner at Karol & Sosnik in Uniondale.
TRANSPORTATION
MTA Long Island Rail Road in Jamaica, Queens, has two new managers of government and community affairs.
Ryan Attard Reilly of Huntington was director of alumni relations and annual fund at LIU Post in Brookville.
Get the Biz Briefing newsletter! The latest LI business news in your inbox daily. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Vanessa Pino Lockel of Miller Place was Suffolk County representative for Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo's office in Patchogue and Hauppauge.
To be included in People on the Move, send information and color photos about job moves, promotions and other work achievements by fax to 631-843-2065, by email to peopleonthemove@newsday.com, or by mail to People on the Move, 235 Pinelawn Rd., Melville, NY 11747-4250.
At least six personnel of Frontier Corps (FC) were wounded when their vehicle was targeted with a bomb blast in Quetta near Western Bypass on Monday.
The personnel were en route to firing range of the training camp when terrorists ambushed their van with a remote-control bomb explosion, leaving six personnel injured.
The wounded have been shifted to Bolan Medical Complex in critical condition.
The security forces cordoned off the entire area and kick-started search operation to track down the miscreants.
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
3:13 Dalworthington Gardens mayor responds to questions about Bill Waybourn
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
WYOMING, Mich. – Police asked a community in Michigan to help find two women who stole flower pots from a front porch.
Home surveillance video from Patricia Quinones showed the two women loading over $100 worth of flower pots from their home into their vehicle. Wyoming police said the theft took place about 5:30 a.m. Tuesday at the home in the 2500 block of Longstreet SW.
Anyone with information should call Wyoming police at 616-530-7300 or Silent Observer at 616-774-2345.
Do you have a great idea and a passion to translate it into something that can contribute to Australia?
There are more than 100 Churchill Fellowships on offer in 2017, and the Winston Churchill Memorial Trust of Australia is calling for South Australians to apply.
The South Australian Churchill Fellows President, Graeme Addock and one of the 2015 Churchill Fellows, Heather Smith joined us this morning.
Produced by Kvitka Becker
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — The American Civil Liberties Union said Wednesday that it will ask an Oklahoma court to review the case of a woman who was sentenced to 30 years in prison for failing to report the abuse of their children by their boyfriend, who received only two years behind bars for the abuse.
Brady Henderson, the legal director for the ACLU's Oklahoma chapter, said the group plans to file a lawsuit that will challenge what it believes was a disproportionate sentence given to Tondalao Hall, who said their boyfriend was also abusing them
Hall, 33, was sentenced to prison in 2006 after pleading guilty to failing to protect two of their children. The boyfriend, 35-year-old Robert Braxton Jr., pleaded guilty to abusing the children and was released on probation having been given credit for the two years they had already spent in jail.
“You cannot sentence one of an abuser's victims to 30 years in prison for failure to stop their crime, particularly when that abuser walks free the day they plead,” Henderson said. “That creates an incredible injustice.”
Advertisement
While living with Braxton, Hall's young children suffered broken bones but no evidence ever indicated that Hall committed any violence or harmed their children, ACLU officials said.
The case has outraged women's rights groups and brought further attention to Oklahoma's high rate of incarceration, particularly of women.
Oklahoma's overall incarceration rate is the second-highest in the nation. It has the highest female incarceration rate, locking up women at a rate that is two-and-a-half times the national average.
“This is not how we protect survivors of abuse,” said Candace Liger, a community organizer with the ACLU. “Tandalao Hall is one of the many women spending time behind bars for the crime of their abuser.”
Women's activist Sarah Adams-Cornell said the plight of Hall, who is black, demonstrates how racial and gender bias and a lack of understanding of domestic violence issues “continues to silence and criminalize women who are being abused.”
Henderson said the ACLU will challenge the constitutionality of Hall's sentence and attempt to force Oklahoma's court system to consider whether sentences under the state's failure-to-protect statute fit the crime. Them previous appeals and a request for clemency were denied.
“Tandalao's case hits on many points of what's wrong in our state,” they said. “What this court case is all about is trying to force the courts to see Tandalao as a person.”
A look at what's happening all around the majors today:
___
STREAKING STANTON
Giancarlo Stanton has homered in five straight games for the Marlins and leads the majors with 43. He's already set the Miami record for homers in a season, topping Gary Sheffield's 42 in 1996.
Stanton has hit 22 home runs in their last 34 games. They take aim on the Giants once again when the series continues at Marlins Park.
PORCELLO TRIO?
Boston righty Rick Porcello tries to win their third straight start when the Cardinals visit Fenway Park. At 6-14 with a 4.63 ERA, Porcello hasn't been able to duplicate the success they enjoyed last year in taking the Cy Young Award. The AL East-leading Red Sox are hoping they can recapture some of that winning form down the stretch.
VERLANDER QUARTET?
Justin Verlander is trying to win four straight starts for the first time in four years. The Tigers star, who is scheduled to start at Texas, allowed one run over eight scoreless innings against Pittsburgh last Wednesday. They have given up only two runs over 21 innings their last three starts (Houston, Baltimore and the Pirates).
The last time the 2011 AL Cy Young and AL MVP winner won four straight starts was midway through the 2013 season. Verlander is 4-1 with a 3.19 ERA in six road starts against the Rangers. They beat them in Detroit earlier this season with seven solid innings.
HEADY HODGES
It will be Gil Hodges Bobblehead Night at Dodger Stadium when Los Angeles hosts the Chicago White Sox. Hodges played in seven World Series for the Dodgers — six times in Brooklyn and also in 1959 when they beat the White Sox for their first championship in LA. An eight-time All-Star, the first baseman hit 370 home runs and, having also managed the 1969 Miracle Mets to their first title, has several supporters who believe they should be posthumously voted into the Hall of Fame.
Alex Wood (14-1) starts for the Dodgers. At 83-34, a win would put them 50 games over .500.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Autoaid/RCIB Insurance Racing driver Mike Epps said that their ten-position storm in race two of the Dunlop MSA British Touring Car Championship at Croft on Sunday was just a glimpse of what he's capable of – suggesting there's more to come following the break.
Epps started 20th in race one, suffering from a lack of running on Saturday following the horror crash that ended the session prematurely. Making up five places in the first two laps they looked set for a points finish, though this was dashed at the end of the next lap when heavy contact at the notorious final hairpin saw them pick up damage and limp home for 22nd.
Race two saw Epps pick up their only points of the weekend, making clean but decisive moves through the field and into a points-scoring twelfth position. Their seventh points finish of the season, Epps was able to demonstrate their true pace for the first time since their career-best eighth at Oulton Park last time out.
Unfortunately race three saw further, heavier contact, with the driver fielding two large shunts in the first three corners; the result being race-ending suspension damage to the Team HARD machine.
“I don't really feel like we got a chance to do anything this weekend to be honest.” Epps said.
“We showed a glimpse of our potential in race two, which proved we've gone in the right direction with the car, but other than that it was really a case of the circumstances going against us.”
“I was racing cleanly with everybody in the opening race but then just smashed off for no real reason at the hairpin, and then race three was over before it had started really as we got bashed around again, so race two was the only one where I was given the chance to show my pace.”
“I think we actually could have had a really good weekend here if things had gone our way, but sadly once again we've seen the poor driving standards of others cost us in two races and the policing of that needs to be stricter as we've reached the point where there's just too much contact.
Share. Short and sweet, but there's not a lot to repeat. Short and sweet, but there's not a lot to repeat.
For the first two hours, Matterfall's exciting, fast-paced action, reflex-testing challenges and unique twists on 2D platforming put it up right there with developer Housemarque's best. Unfortunately, two hours is all it takes to beat all 12 levels, and while games like Resogun and Super Stardust are able to thrive past the length of their campaign through chasing high scores, Matterfall's structure makes earning a place on the leaderboards a chore.
Matterfall's light sci-fi story about a dystopian planet full of robots gone amok is just there to give some light context to exploding hundreds of robots into millions of beautiful bits, which is fine. Housemarque games have always been about the explosions, and Matterfall delivers those in spades. Its twin-stick 2D action-platforming built around two main mechanics: A four-directional dash that can stun enemies and a Matter Gun beam which can detonate screen-clearing Matter Bombs dropped by enemies.
The dash, in particular, is a brilliant mechanic that gives Matterfall its arcadey feel. While dashing you are completely invulnerable, and any enemy hit by the dash and its ensuing shockwave will be unable to damage you for a short time. This allows Matterfall to completely fill the screen with enemies and all kinds of bullet-hell madness without instantly overwhelming you. You're forced to carve out a path with your dash while clearing out an army of constantly spawning enemy robots.
“ At its best, the moment-to-moment intensity is fantastic.
It's a style of gameplay that requires you to be extremely active, as you have to think about managing your dash cooldown, what enemies need to be eliminated first, and what projectiles can be dashed through. When Matterfall is at its best, its moment-to-moment intensity is fantastic.
In addition to your primary blaster, you can unlock 12 slottable augmentations, including four secondary weapons, by finding civilians hidden in each level, and you can equip any three at a time. Housemarque does a great job of making each augmentation offer a substantial change in how you approach combat. For example, my personal favorite combo involves one that increases the chance that an enemy will drop a Matter Bomb, and one that allows me to detonate bombs by dashing into them, leading to a style of a gameplay that's focused on massive area-of-effect damage. Or, if you're the type that prefers a simpler approach of just run-and-gun, there are augmentations that simply increase your gun damage and health.
Matterfall can be a tough game at times because of how much it throws at you at once, but between your dash, powerful secondary weapons, and screen-clearing Matter Bombs you're more than well enough equipped to deal with its difficulty. It's in a sweet spot of neither feeling too easy nor too frustrating. The real challenge comes from trying to maintain a high multiplier, since each hit you take knocks your multiplier down a level.
And that leads into the biggest issue with Matterfall: it's just not that fun to replay levels and try to improve upon your high scores. For one thing, restarting a level causes long load times of around 30 seconds, which wrecked the flow of repeated attempts. Meanwhile, many levels are brought down by frustrating platforming segments that slow down the pace and can unceremoniously ruin a good run with failures that are unrelated to the main test of skill of combat. On top of that, levels are just too long and padded by long stretches of running to make score chasing a good time.
It's such an obvious missed opportunity, and the fact that there's no challenge mode, arcade mode, or a survival mode – any of which would have been a welcome way to take the most exciting parts of Matterfall and condense them into a singular replayable and score-driven experience – just makes it more disappointing.
Matterfall The over-the-top, arcade-style action game MatterFall follows an unexpected hero fighting for survival on a ravished sci-fi world infected by a mysterious and deadly alien material known only as "Smart Matter". Get Deal On PlayStation 4
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. (AP) — Now slugging for the Bronx Bombers, Giancarlo Stanton.
The New York Yankees announced Monday they'd acquired Stanton from the Miami Marlins, getting the NL MVP and cash from Miami for Starlin Castro and two minor leaguers, right-hander Jorge Guzman and infielder Jose Devers.
Stanton was to be introduced later in the day at Major League Baseball's winter meetings.
The 28-year-old outfielder is still owed $295 million over the final decade of their record $325 million, 13-year contract.
Advertisement
The Marlins, with former Yankees star Derek Jeter as their new CEO, are expected to send $30 million to the Yankees if Stanton doesn't exercise their right to opt out of their contract and become a free agent after the 2020 season.
Stanton led the majors with 59 home runs and 132 RBIs last season. Once they put on the pinstripes, Stanton will pair with Aaron Judge, the 6-foot-7 rookie who was second in the majors with 52 homers.
The Yankees topped baseball with 241 home runs last season. The prospect of the daunting duo together in the lineup — and putting on batting practice shows — raised thoughts of their previous powerful 1-2 punches, such as Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig, along with Mickey Mantle and Roger Maris.
Shortly after the Yankees and Marlins agreed to the deal last weekend, Judge, the unanimous AL Rookie of the Year, sent a tweet to Stanton showing a clip from the movie “Step Brothers” with Will Ferrell saying, “Did we just become best friends?”
The Yankees came within one win of the World Series in October, losing the final two games of the AL Championship Series at Houston. The deal is sure to get a legion of fans that already dislike the Yanks railing against Jeter sending Stanton to their old team.
Stanton had a no-trade clause in their contract and last week turned down prospective deals to St. Louis and San Francisco. There was speculation they wanted to play close to home with the Los Angeles Dodgers, but clearly the Yankees were to their liking.
The Yankees haven't had a losing record since 1992. The Marlins haven't had a winning season since Stanton made their big league debut for them in 2010.
Jeter is expected to reduce payroll by at least 20 percent to $90 million or less. The Marlins shed $38 million of salary through 2020 by trading two-time All-Star second baseman Dee Gordon to Seattle last week for three prospects.
Castro is due $10 million in 2018 and $11 million in 2019, plus a $16 million club option for 2020 with a $1 million buyout.
The Yankees' payroll for purposes of baseball's luxury tax was about $209 million this year, and owner Hal Steinbrenner has vowed to reduce it below next year's $197 million threshold, which would reset the team's base tax rate from 50 percent to 20 percent in 2019. That would put the Yankees, under new manager Aaron Boone, in better position for next offseason's free agent class, which includes Bryce Harper, Manny Machado and possibly Clayton Kershaw.
The 27-year-old Castro was an All-Star last season, hitting .300 with 16 homers and 63 RBIs. There's speculation the Marlins will try to trade them to the New York Mets.
The 21-year-old Guzman was 5-3 with a 2.30 ERA in Class A Staten Island. The 18-year-old Devers hit .245 in the Dominican Summer League and the rookie Gulf Coast League.
___
AP Baseball Writer Ronald Blum contributed to this report.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
OTTAWA -
A proposed U.S. border-adjustment tax that has stirred up fears in Corporate Canada would inflict considerable damage on both economies, a new report said Tuesday.
The study was released a day after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau met President Donald Trump and top House lawmaker Paul Ryan, who has promoted the border-tax measure.
The analysis by the C.D. Howe Institute think tank estimated the U.S. policy change would shave nearly a full percentage point from Canada's economic growth.
The study's authors said the plan would reduce bilateral trade in both directions and predicted it would cut nearly 1.3 percentage points from U.S. economic growth.
“It is trade-distorting and economically damaging to the United States and its trading partners,” co-authors Dan Ciuriak and Jingliang Xiao wrote about the border-tax proposal.
“Canada is heavily exposed to the ramifications of a (border-adjustment tax).”
It's unclear whether Trudeau was able to get some clarity — or reassurance — from Ryan on the future of the border tax, which has Canadian firms deeply concerned.
When asked whether Trudeau learned more about the border-tax proposal, a spokesperson in their office pointed to a statement that only said the prime minister discussed trade during their meeting with Ryan.
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said Tuesday that the meetings in Washington confirmed their expectations the fate of the border-tax plan was uncertain.
“This is very much in the early stages and there is a very broad diversity of opinion in the United States around that,” Freeland told reporters in Ottawa.
“It's not appropriate for us to have a position on that until we see where the U.S. lands.”
They noted that the border-tax measure is part of a broader tax-reform plan.
Freeland also said talks surrounding the renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement had yet to begin because appointees for the new U.S. secretary of commerce and trade representative positions still had to be confirmed.
“Therefore, it's not possible for us to start the negotiations at a technical level and we haven't started,” they said.
“Yesterday's conversation with the president was very productive. It's a good start.”
When people think of dentists, the first thing that comes to mind is usually a waiting room and a dental chair. It is often the case that people choose to go to a local dentist because it's easy and convenient. But what about all the other variables, such as cost and timing? Some people might opt for dental treatment overseas with Access Smile instead of staying at home for treatment.
[RATHGAR, 3/7/2018] – Sometimes a person who has an issue with their teeth, such as tooth loss or chipped teeth, might be unhappy with the treatment that is offered by a dentist close to them. The NHS does not cover the cost of most cosmetic or elective treatments. Dental treatment overseas can be more affordable when properly planned with Access Smile, but the cost of flights and accommodation must also be taken into account when planning dental treatment overseas with Access Smile.
Heading to a happier smile
While for some, the idea of dental treatment overseas with Access Smile seems out of the ordinary, it is also necessary for someone who is dissatisfied with their smile. Dental treatment overseas with Access Smile is chosen by people who want their smiles restored and are seeking a more affordable and reliable procedure.
If someone is considering dental treatment overseas with Access Smile, it involves a fair bit of planning, but is worth the possibility of a happier and healthier smile. Access Smile offers detailed guidance for patients seeking dental treatment overseas, answering any questions or addressing any concerns that people might have before they travel for treatment.
It is important for someone to know what they're getting before they opt for dental treatment overseas with Access Smile, which is why a transparent plan of treatment is shown to the patient. This includes photographs of procedures and plans, so that the patient can decide whether dental treatment overseas with Access Smile is suitable for them.
The flight home
Dental treatment overseas with Access Smile doesn't end for someone when they return to home soil. On return from Access Smile dental treatment overseas, aftercare is provided for the patient in their own country. This is to ensure that their teeth are looked after for years to come.
Boulder, CO, – Haiku Designs is one of the most prominent retailers showcasing an exclusive line of furniture online. They are now offering an opportunity to own the traditional Japanese Style floor covering, the Tatami mat made exclusively for Haiku Designs
Haiku Designs has been in business for over 30 years offering an appealing collection of eco-friendly furniture including organic futons, bedroom furniture, dining room furniture, mattress, living room furniture, and much more. Through their quality services and exclusive product range, they've earned the valuable trust and satisfaction of their customers throughout the world.
These special Haiku Designs tatami mats are designed in such a manner that they can withstand many years of heavy use. These mats are not only durable but also offer a beautiful touch of beauty and elegance, wherever they are placed. Due to this reason, these mats are must-have for your meditation rooms, bedrooms or martial arts studios. In addition, these mats provide a unique blend of firmness, support, and comfort.
The Haiku Designs tatami mats are manufactured in Taiwan and are also approved and certified by JAL, for sale in the Japanese market further evidence of the quality of construction making the Haiku Designs Tatami mats the best Tatami mats available in the American market today. One unique benefit of these mats is that they do not contain any toxic materials, pesticide powders or chemicals coatings, as do many similar mats made in China. What that means to you is that you can purchase these beautiful Japanese style Tatami mats assured that you are not exposing yourself to chemical toxins, or dangerous pesticides. Haiku is committed to your health and safety as well as the health of the planet. Another feature of the Haiku Designs Tatami mats is that they do not use wafer board or particleboard. These mats are made with natural rush grass exterior, and rice straw foundation which makes them even more durable and completely organic.
Consider Haiku Designs Kaiteki Tatami mats, certified with JAS and JIS standards that can last up to 20 years with proper maintenance.
About the Company
Haiku Designs is an eco-friendly company that offers Modern, Asian, and Contemporary furniture designed to complement and enhance any home environment. You can buy directly online through their website with low-cost or free shipping to anywhere within the United States and Canada. If you prefer to view the products in person, you can enjoy the touch and feel of their furniture products in their retail showroom located in Boulder, Colorado.
Haiku Designs
Boulder, Colorado
Telephone: + 1-800-736-7614
Fax: + 303-666-5837
Website: https://www.haikudesigns.com
TORONTO (AP) — Russell Martin hit a tiebreaking home run in the bottom of the eighth inning to lift the Toronto Blue Jays to a 7-6 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Wednesday night.
Kendrys Morales homered among their two hits and drove in four runs for the Blue Jays, who won after giving up a three-run lead in the top of the eighth.
Trailing 6-3, the Rays tied it on Logan Morrison's 19th homer, a two-run shot off reliever Joe Smith (3-0) and Derek Norris' sacrifice fly.
Martin then connected for their sixth home run of the season off reliever Jose Alvarado (0-1) over the center-right-field fence in the bottom half.
Advertisement
Roberto Osuna ensured it stood up in the ninth, finally forcing Evan Longoria to pop out to second base to earn their 17th save of the season.
Tampa Bay lost for just the second time in eight games.
Toronto starter Francisco Liriano went seven innings for their longest outing of the season, giving up five hits and two earned runs while striking out nine. The no-decision left them at 99 career wins.
After surrendering two runs in the third, Liriano was on the verge of getting pulled after loading the bases with none out on two walks and a bunt in the fourth inning. However, they escaped the jam, giving up just one run, before retiring the next seven batters in a row.
With the Blue Jays trailing 3-2 in the fifth, Morales hit a three-run shot over the right-field fence into the second deck for their 13th home run of the season and fourth RBI of the game. Morales also had a run-scoring grounder in the third for Toronto's first run.
The home run chased Tampa starter Jake Odorizzi. It marked the ninth consecutive appearance that Odorizzi had allowed a honer, a career high and the second-longest active streak in the majors behind 11 by Jesse Chavez of the Los Angeles Angels.
The Rays had taken the lead in the third inning when Corey Dickerson continued their strong hitting with a two-run triple.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Rays: SS/2B Tim Beckham's knee responded well to treatment, according to Tampa manager Kevin Cash, and is expected to play this weekend in Detroit.
Blue Jays: OF Ezequiel Carrera was placed on the 10-day DL on Wednesday with a fractured right foot. The left fielder suffered fouled a ball off their foot in Tuesday night's loss to the Rays and while X-rays were negative, a CT scan Wednesday showed the fracture. The Jays summoned Dwight Smith Jr. from Triple-A Buffalo to take their place, and they started in left field. . Manager John Gibbons said OF Steve Pearce, out since May 15 with a calf strain, should rejoin the team by the weekend.
UP NEXT
Rays: The Rays visit Detroit for a four-game series beginning Thursday, when RHP Alex Cobb (5-5, 4.29) will take on RHP Justin Verlander (4-4, 4.68).
Blue Jays: After a day off, Toronto will open a three-game series against the White Sox on Friday with a matchup between RHP Joe Biagini (1-5, 3.38) and Chicago LHP Jose Quintana (2-8, 5.30).
PARIS (AP) — A ferry carrying 313 people ran aground Sunday amid high winds off the French port of Calais, interrupting boat traffic across the English Channel. Authorities safely evacuated those on board.
A towing operation, aided by a rising tide, managed to unstick the ferry from a pebble bank it struck just after noon during the bad weather. Six hours later, passengers from the Dover-bound Pride of Kent started disembarking from the vessel when it was pulled to a nearby dock, authorities said.
Authorities from France's Pas-de-Calais region said no injuries were reported.
P&O Ferries confirmed that one of its ferries ran aground and said it hoped “to transfer our passengers to an alternative ship as soon as possible.”
The prefecture said the evacuation was completed Sunday evening and traffic had resumed between France and Britain. Some 60 people were being housed in local hotels while the others were being transported across the Channel, it said.
Storms also knocked out electricity to 15,000 households in the Pas-de-Calais region and an adjacent region.
The national weather warning agency Meteo France had 32 French regions under hazard alerts due to high winds and storms over the weekend.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Did you know that last year nearly 60 percent of the human exposures reported to the Kansas Poison Control Center involved medications or pharmaceuticals? This week is National Poison Prevention Week.
“The Poison Control Center deals with all different types of exposures from cleaning supplies in your home and things like that that we tell parents, we know these are poisonous, keep those out of reach,” said Cherie Sage with Safe Kids Kansas. “Oftentimes, people overlook some of the medications and pharmaceuticals and even things like vitamins and other supplements that are in their home.”
Just because a medicine may be in a child-resistant package does not make it safe to leave out.
“They learn quickly and a lot of times, they learn from watching us,” said Sage. “As we open medications in front of them, they're taking that information in. They can actually open up, whether its gummy vitamins or it's medication that they're taking for a cold, or some other type of condition, they can get these open. It's still important that parents keep these locked up out of reach and out of sight.”
Also, as more medicines and vitamins come into our homes as we age, it's important to remember to keep them in the hands of adults only.
“We have many more medications in our homes these days than ever before,” Sage said. “In fact, we've seen in the last 10 years a 40 percent increase in the number of drugstore prescription and over-the-counter medications that are sold to families.”
If you have any questions about whether a medicine is safe for you or your kids, call the Kansas Poison Control Center at 1-800-222-1222. Program it into your phone in case of an emergency.
A Cherokee County community will soon gather to pay tribute to a local school leader who was killed in a boat explosion while on vacation.
Scroll for more content...
A tour boat in the Bahamas engulfed in flames sending a thick plume of dark smoke into the sky over the weekend.
Maleka Johnson was killed and their husband, Tiran, was critically injured.
For Melvin Grimes of Tennessee, the death of Maleka is personal and painful but they they are trying to stay positive with their faith.
"Maleka would be, I guess what I call a shooting star. They had a life that kind of stayed straight on the course and it was a life that brought a lot of joy and a lot of support and love into the lives of others," said Grimes.
They said they just couldn't believe the heart-breaking news about their daughter.
"In those waiting moments, I actually didn't reach out for anyone in hopes of course that the information that I was getting was not correct," said Grimes.
Maleka grew up in Tennessee. they and their husband Tiran were in the Bahamas celebrating their 15 years of marriage. Maleka's aunt Denise says Tyran was also on that boat when it went up in flames.
"Tiran has severe injuries to their legs. And they can't get to their son and Maleka's first words would have been 'take care of my son," said Denise.
During the vacation, their 12-year-old son Cameron, a rising 7th grader at Mill Creek Middle School was in Tennessee with family. Now family members are just trying to comfort and console him.
"The village surrounds them and whereas we can't fill the void, we can make sure that the memories are there, that the joy is there, and he's able to do everything that their mom would want them to do," said Melvin.
PHENIX CITY, Ala. — Phenix City schools will be open on Monday, August 21 for the solar eclipse, according to the board of education.
In a release, the Phenix City Board of Education says safety is their first priority and each school has established procedures to ensure safety to all students during the event.
Here are a list of precautionary measures from the Phenix City Board of Education.
Each school's principal will approve any solar eclipse viewing and the procedures. Parents will receive notification from the school regarding the event.
Teachers will discuss the hazards of viewing a solar eclipse without proper eyewear and instruct students not to view the eclipse while departing from school or while riding home.
Parents are encouraged to discuss the hazards of viewing a solar eclipse without proper eyewear and instruct students not to view the eclipse while departing from school or while riding home.
Any student participating in the eclipse viewing will be required to have a completed permission form. All solar eclipse glasses will be certified by either NASA or the American Astronomical Society and will comply with ISO 12312-2, the international safety standard for filters. While outside, students will be required to wear the solar eclipse glasses the entire time.
During the eclipse, all physical education classes will be held indoors.
Students who have afternoon recess will have recess indoors.
Parents may choose to opt out of any solar eclipse-viewing event.
Prior to 1 p.m., parents may check students out of school with no penalty. The checkout will be excused.
Students not viewing the solar eclipse may be permitted to view video coverage of the event.
All teachers will provide learning opportunities supporting the asupervisorstioned event.
The solar eclipse will take place Monday, August 21.
And on the eighth day of training camp, Robby Anderson still looked bad. But that has changed.
It was only last week that Anderson looked like a player lost. The second-year wide receiver spent the first few days of training camp struggling with their route-running, dropping passes and otherwise appearing ill-suited to being the second wide receiver on a professional football team.
It was on that eighth day when Anderson found out they wouldn't, in fact, be the Jets' second wide receiver.
He'd be their first.
And on the ninth day of training camp — and ever since — Anderson has found the light.
It's been six days since the Jets announced that their tattered offense would have to skate by without Quincy Enunwa, who's out for the year with a bulging disc in their neck. And much to the surprise of anyone who watched Anderson in those first few days, the undrafted receiver from Temple has responded in promising fashion.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
While no one is saying that Anderson would be the No. 1 wide receiver on any other team but this one, their showing Saturday night in the Jets' 7-3 preseason win over the Titans was an encouraging sign. They made three catches for 71 yards and reeled in a 53-yard beauty that points to big-play potential.
“Speed is a premium in this league, and they have it in droves,” quarterback Josh McCown said. “When you have that kind of speed, the sky is the limit for you and I think — I guess what I'm learning and probably what was underestimated on Robby was their ball skills. They really have excellent ball skills and he's tougher than their [6-3, 190- pound] frame would suggest, so I think, obviously, the sky is the limit for him.”
McCown found Anderson six plays into the game, “when I took my pre-snap read and I saw the coverage and I was confident the coverage wouldn't work,” Anderson said.
What Anderson saw was Titans cornerback Logan Ryan ceding the inside route and employing a bail technique to beat them downfield. It could have worked against anyone slower than Anderson, who turned on the jets and beat not only Ryan but safety Kevin Byard. They finished it off with a smooth catch over their left shoulder, and the Jets scored shortly thereafter.
“I played against them last year because they came from the Patriots, so I think he's familiar with my speed, so I think that that's why they bailed,” Anderson said of Ryan. “But I just ran down the field and outran him.”
Jets videos
And there lies Anderson's strength. They struggled with press coverage throughout training camp but can do significant damage in open space; they did, after all, run a 4.36-second 40 at Pro Day in 2016.
As it stands, anything Anderson gives the Jets is more than they originally expected. Their production last year — 42 catches, 587 yards and two touchdowns — was a bonus from a player whose thin frame and perceived lack of focus made all 32 teams pass on them in 2016.
“Hopefully it's a big weapon,” coach Todd Bowles said of Anderson's speed. “He caught one [Saturday], and that's a good start for him. He's just got to continue to get better week by week.”
TORONTO (AP) — At almost the halfway mark, Auston Matthews is on pace to finish with one of the best rookie seasons in NHL history.
The Toronto Maple Leafs' 19-year-old star scored twice, including the overtime winner, in Sunday's Centennial Classic and leads all first-year players with 20 goals and 32 points through 36 games.
The No. 1 pick of the 2016 draft is on pace for 46 goals, a mark reached by only six rookies in NHL history — Alex Ovechkin the most recent in a mostly Hall of Fame group that includes Teemu Selanne (76), Mike Bossy (53), Wayne Gretzky (51), Joe Nieuwendyk (51) and Blair MacDonald, who was 26 years old when they tallied 46 for Edmonton.
Matthews accomplishing the feat might be more impressive.
Advertisement
Everyone on that group, save Gretzky, was older than Matthews as a rookie.
And Matthews is performing in an era when the goalies are much better and scoring is down substantially.
When Selanne tallied 76 goals for the Winnipeg Jets, for example, teams were averaging 3.63 goals per game with an average save percentage of .885.
Now, the average is 2.73 goals per game with an average save percentage of .914.
Matthews isn't doing most of the scoring on the power play as Ovechkin did with Washington, when power-play opportunities rose substantially amid rule changes following the 2004-05 lockout.
The Russian winger scored 21 of their 52 goals with the man advantage, while adding 28 at even strength.
Ovechkin finished with more than 450 minutes of power-play time. Matthews is on pace for just over 220 with clubs averaging almost three fewer power plays per game.
Matthews is on track for the second-most prolific rookie scoring season at even strength.
He's on pace for 39 even-strength goals, which would trail only Selanne's 52. The Great One had 37.
Eric Lindros, also age 19 for Philadelphia in the '92-93 season, scored 32 goals at even strength in only 61 games, but did so in a league with more offense and power plays and poorer goaltending.
For Matthews to reach these stats in this era at this age, again, makes their potential feats all the more striking.
“I don't think I'm surprised anymore,” Zach Hyman, Matthews' season-long linemate, said. “When you have a shot like they do and their skillset, where he's able to get open, and when you take as many shots as they do — it's hard to get that many shots and he's able to generate tons of shots.
“With their shot, he's going to score a lot of goals.”
Matthews, to that point, is again heading toward mostly uncharted waters in terms of the number of shots, averaging 3.7 per game and on pace for more than 300.
Only four rookies in NHL history have had that many shots in a season: Ovechkin with a record 425, Selanne at 387, Dale Hawerchuk at 339 and Brian Leetch at 308.
Matthews doesn't seem to be overly lucky either. He's scoring on 15 percent of their shots, a fairly sustainable number.
“He's got a skillset that allows them to do things that a lot of other people can't do,” defenseman Morgan Rielly said. “But on top of that he's got a good brain, they work hard and he's been playing with good teammates.”
Perhaps seeking to calm the growing hype, Maple Leafs coach Mike Babcock noted that how a Matthews-led line struggled Sunday at points against Detroit's top unit.
Henrik Zetterberg's line struck for three goals when Matthews was on the ice, including the game-tying tally from Anthony Mantha with 1.1 seconds remaining in regulation.
Despite that, Matthews finished at almost 50 percent puck possession.
The Arizona-born center is struggling in the faceoff circle, among the league's worst at 44.2 percent, following a 41 percent performance against the Wings.
Still, Babcock has started matching Matthews against top lines in recent weeks, an uptick in their responsibility for the Leafs.
Babcock protected Matthews in the early months this season by starting them in the offensive zone as much as possible, often against lesser lines and defensive pairings, but that's stopped of late.
Matthews had a 17 percent offensive zone start percentage against the Wings.
“I don't look after them at all anymore,” Babcock said.
Beyond the potentially prolific NHL marks, Matthews is also consequently on track to shatter the Leafs rookie records for goals and points; Wendel Clark had 34 goals in '85-86, Peter Ihnacak had 66 points in '82-83.
“He's just going to get better,” Babcock said. “He's going to get quicker through the neutral zone. He's going to play with more pace. He's going to understand more. He's just going to get better.”
UPDATE: The Cascade County Sheriff's Office has identified the victim in Friday's fatal accident as Thomas C. Larson, 34, of Dutton. Lt. Bob Rosipal said in a press release Larson was pronounced dead at the scene from injuries they received during the crash. Montana Highway Patrol is still investigating.
The Montana Highway Patrol says a 34-year-old unnamed male driver from Dutton, was headed northbound on I-15 between the hours of one and two.
The driver was in a Ford F-250 when they hit a median, then back onto the road but they were broadside.
MHP then said the truck rolled over multiple times coming to a rest on its roof.
MPH said during the rollover that's when the driver suffered the fatal injury and added that they believe alcohol played a factor in this crash.
The driver was not wearing a seat belt.
The demand for formaldehyde is continuously rising due to its increasing use in the production of various resins. These resins are being used in various industries for manufacturing purpose. Formaldehyde is also being used in producing home building products. Formaldehyde is also known for its preservative and anti-bacterial properties. Hence, medical laboratories and some consumer products are also using formaldehyde as a preservative. The global consumption of formaldehyde is increasing as it is being used on a large scale for construction and remodeling activity and furniture production. Due to the excellent thermal and chemical resistance, formaldehyde-based resins are being used in manufacturing airplane and automobile parts. Formaldehyde is also being used in manufacturing anti-infective drugs, hard-gel capsules, and vaccines.
Get Research Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/formaldehyde-market.html
However, there have been increasing concerns over harmful effects from exposure to formaldehyde on human health. Various studies were conducted to assess the level of risk, however, lack of evidence has resulted in the disagreement regarding appropriate risk assessment for formaldehyde among various unions, government agencies, etc. Moreover, stringent regulations on formaldehyde emissions are also acting as a major restraint in the growth of the global formaldehyde market.
Some of the leading companies in the global formaldehyde market are Johnson Matthey Process Technologies, Foremark Performance Chemicals, Huntsman International LLC, Momentive Specialty Chemical Inc., Dynea AS, Alder S.p.A, Georgia-Pacific Chemicals LLC, Perstorp Orgnr, Celanese AG, and BASF SE.
Global Market for Formaldehyde to Witness Moderate Growth during the Forecast Period 2017-2026
As per the latest study by Transparency Market Research (TMR), the global formaldehyde market is anticipated to experience moderate growth, expanding at 4.8% CAGR during the forecast period 2017-2026. The global formaldehyde market is also expected to reach 36.6 million tons towards the end of 2026.
The global formaldehyde market has been segmented into application, derivatives, end use, and region. On the basis of derivatives, Urea Formaldehyde (UF) resins and concentrates is likely to witness the highest growth in terms of volume throughout the forecast period from 2017 to 2026.
Based on the application, the market is further segmented into resins, drying agents, plasticizers, solvents, fibers, and other chemical intermediaries. Formaldehyde is expected to find the largest application in resins during 2017-2026.
By end use, the market is further segmented into construction, healthcare, automotive, consumer goods, and others. The construction industry is expected to be the largest user of formaldehyde during the forecast period.
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=1367
APEJ to Dominate the Global Formaldehyde Market during the Forecast Period 2017-2026
Asia Pacific Excluding Japan (APEJ) is expected to dominate the global formaldehyde market. Emerging economies such as China and India are witnessing a rapid increase in the demand for formaldehyde for use in various industries. There has been an increase in the use of formaldehyde for producing fuel. Countries seeking a cheaper substitute for oil are driving the demand for formaldehyde. Also, increasing number of companies in China are testing formaldehyde to be used in producing fuel. The development and application of fuel produced using formaldehyde is still in the nascent stage. Meanwhile, demand for formaldehyde is also expected to increase in the U.S. Increasing production of laminates, panels, and pentaerythritol in Central Europe, South America, and the Middle East is also expected to drive the market for formaldehyde. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has also approved the use of formaldehyde as an indirect food additive.
About us:
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations.
Contact us:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
Hormone Replacement Therapy Market report provides the latest market data along with industry future trends, which keeps tracking of users driving revenue growth rate of Hormone Replacement Therapy Market by type (growth hormone replacement therapy, estrogen replacement therapy, thyroid hormone replacement therapy), by route of administration (oral, parenteral, transdermal) market status and outlook of global and major regions, from manufacturers, and end industries. As this report is expected to help key players among the Hormone Replacement Therapy Market it includes the five years Industry analysis and the 6 years annual forecast from 2017 to 2023. Some of the prominent participants in the Global Hormone Replacement Therapy Market are Amgen, Genentech, Novo Nordisk, Wyeth, Bayer, MED-EL, Eli Lily, Merck & Co., Mylan Laboratories, Pfizer and others. The global hormone replacement therapy market is projected to grow with a CAGR between 2.0% and 2.5% during 2017-2023.
Get free Sample Pages of this Premium Report :- https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/790
Market Growth will be driven by Increasing in Incidence of Regularly Monitored Formulations, Technological Advancement in Drug Delivery Systems, and Growing Awareness among the Patients to Improve Overall Survival Rates
The global hormone replacement therapy market was sized over USD 5.97 billion in 2015. The global hormone replacement therapy market is projected to grow with a CAGR between 2.0% and 2.5% during 2017-2023. Increasing in incidence of regularly monitored formulations, technological advancement in drug delivery systems, growing awareness among the patients, reformulation of permitted drugs are the key factors driving the growth of global hormone replacement therapy market. Moreover, injectable hormones need to be stored in cold conditions to preserve their efficiency, high cost of hormone replacement therapy treatment, and the side effect caused by hormonal replacement therapy are the key factors restraining the growth of this market. Increasing frequencies of hormonal imbalance disorders and rising geriatric population suffering from these diseases are likely to bring more opportunities to this market.
Estrogen-Replacement Therapy Accounted For the Largest Market Share of 63.9% In 2015
The report segments the hormone replacement therapy market by type, by route of administration and by region. Market segmentation based on type includes growth hormone replacement therapy, estrogen replacement therapy and thyroid hormone replacement therapy. Moreover, estrogen-replacement therapy accounted for the largest market share of 63.9% in 2015. Oral, parenteral and transdermal is sub-segment of route of administration.
Americas was the Largest Market among the Geographies and Contributed Over 50.9% of the Revenue in the World Hormone Replacement Therapy Market In 2015
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as Americas, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. In this section the key trends and market size for each geography is provided over the period of 2015 – 2023. Americas was the largest market among the geographies and contributed over 50.9% of the revenue in the world hormone replacement therapy market in 2015. Moreover, The U.S. was the largest contributor in terms of revenue in 2015 due to the awareness about the treatment procedures. Furthermore, Europe market is expected to grow steadily because of the increased in inactive lifestyles in the region. Asia Pacific is expected to grow at the highest CAGR over the forecast period due to increase in demand for hormone replacement therapies in countries such as Japan, Australia and China. ROW region is expected to grow gradually over the forecast period.
Major Key Players Mentioned in this Report
The companies covered in the report include Amgen, Genentech, Novo Nordisk, Wyeth, Bayer, MED-EL, Eli Lily, Merck & Co., Mylan Laboratories, Pfizer and others.
Report Highlights:
The report provides deep insights on demand forecasts, market trends and micro and macro indicators. In addition, this report provides insights on the factors that are driving and restraining the demand of hormone replacement therapy globally as well as regionally. Moreover, IGR-Growth Matrix analysis given in the report brings an insight on the investment areas that existing or new market players can consider. The report provides insights into the market using analytical tools such as Porter's five forces analysis and DRO analysis of hormone replacement therapy.Moreover, the study highlights current market trends and provides forecast from 2017 to 2023. We also have highlighted future trends in the hormone replacement therapy market that will impact the demand during the forecast period. Moreover, the competitive analysis given in each regional market brings an insight on the market strategies of the leading players. This report will help manufacturers, suppliers and distributors of the hormone replacement therapy market to understand the present and future trends in this market and formulate their strategies accordingly.
Table of Contents:
1. Preface
1.1 Report Description
1.2 Research Methods
1.3 Research Approaches
2. Executive Summary
3. Global Hormone Replacement Therapy Market Overview
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Market Dynamics
3.2.1 Drivers
3.2.2 Restraints
3.2.3 Opportunities
3.3 Porter's Five Forces Analysis
3.4 IGR – Growth Matrix Analysis
3.5 Competitive Landscape in the Hormone Replacement Therapy Market
4. Global Hormone Replacement Therapy Market by Type (USD Million) 2017 – 2023
4.1 Growth Hormone Replacement Therapy
4.2 Estrogen Replacement Therapy
4.3 Thyroid Hormone Replacement Therapy
5. Global Hormone Replacement Therapy Market by Route of Administration (USD Million) 2017 – 2023
5.1 Oral
5.2 Parenteral
5.3 Transdermal
6. Global Hormone Replacement Therapy Market Analysis, by Region (USD Million) 2017 – 2023
6.1 Americas
6.1.1 Americas Hormone Replacement Therapy Market by Type (USD Million)
6.1.2 Americas Hormone Replacement Therapy Market by Route of Administration (USD Million)
6.1.3 Americas Hormone Replacement Therapy Market by country (USD Million)
6.2 Europe
6.2.1 Europe Hormone Replacement Therapy Market by Type (USD Million)
6.2.2 Europe Hormone Replacement Therapy Market by Route of Administration (USD Million)
6.2.3 Europe Hormone Replacement Therapy Market by country (USD Million)
6.3 Asia-Pacific
6.3.1 Asia-Pacific Hormone Replacement Therapy Market by Type (USD Million)
6.3.2 Asia-Pacific Hormone Replacement Therapy Market by Route of Administration (USD Million)
6.3.3 Asia-Pacific Hormone Replacement Therapy Market by country (USD Million)
6.4 Rest of the World (RoW)
6.4.1 RoW Hormone Replacement Therapy Market by Type (USD Million)
6.4.2 RoW Hormone Replacement Therapy Market by Route of Administration (USD Million)
6.4.3 RoW Hormone Replacement Therapy Market by Sub-region (USD Million)
7. Company Profiles
7.1 Amgen
7.2 Genentech
7.3 Novo Nordisk, Wyeth
7.4 Bayer
7.5 MED-EL
7.6 Eli Lily, LLC
7.7 Merck & Co.
7.8 Mylan Laboratories
7.9 Pfizer
7.10 Novartis
7.11 Abbott Laboratories
Browse Detailed TOC, Description and Companies Mentioned in Report @
https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/healthcare_medical_devices/global_hormone_replacement_therapy_market
May 3 Flowers Foods Inc
* Flowers Foods announces enhanced organizational structure
* Flowers Foods Inc - company will transition to new structure over next several months with full implementation expected during fiscal 2018
* Flowers Foods Inc - new organizational structure establishes two business units (bus), fresh bakery and specialty/snacking
* Flowers Foods Inc - current direct-store-delivery and warehouse segmentation will remain until new structure is in place Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Takashi Oyamada, President of Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Tokyo, Japan, March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
Takashi Oyamada, President of Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Tokyo, Japan, March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
Takashi Oyamada, President of Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Tokyo, Japan, March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
TOKYO Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ (BTMU), a core unit of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG) (8306.T), is in talks with its big corporate customers on potential fee hikes, in a bid to pass on some of the costs of negative interest rates.
Japanese banks, particularly smaller ones, have struggled to eke out profits from lending amid an ultra-low interest rate environment, exacerbated by the Bank of Japan's aggressive negative interest rate policy.
BTMU CEO Takashi Oyamada told Reuters the bank, one of the nation's three megabanks, is reviewing the fee discounts offered to its biggest corporate customers. But discussions with clients have yet to yield "big results".
"In Japan, charging fees is difficult to gain acceptance. It will take time," said Oyamada, who is also the new chairperson of the Japanese Bankers Association.
Banks have not transferred the costs of negative rates to retail customers, fearing a public backlash for charging fees on cash deposits.
Instead, they are trying to offset diminishing returns from loans with fee businesses, such as selling mutual funds to retail customers and providing advisory services to corporate clients. But these businesses have yet to become a driver of profit.
MUFG, Japan's largest lender by assets, expects an 11 percent fall in net profit for the year ended in March, hit by its weak lending business.
Following the BOJ's surprise move last year, lenders cut their interest rates on ordinary deposits to barely above zero, 0.001 percent.
Policymakers hoped their actions would spur spending and investment by lowering borrowing costs, but instead banks have seen a sharp increase in bank deposits.
Outstanding deposits at Japan's major banks rose 6 percent year-on-year during the October-December quarter, BOJ data showed, while loans edged up just 1.4 percent during the same period.
"There are positives and negatives of the negative interest rate policy," Oyamada said.
"The benefits of low interest rates have reached the corporate sector. At the same time, pensions and life insurances have been experiencing falling returns."
(Reporting by Taiga Uranaka; Editing by Randy Fabi)
DODGE CITY, Kan. (August 14, 2017) – After a packed house took in the most recent action at Dodge City Raceway Park on July 28, absolute mayhem is in store for this Saturday night atop the 3/8-mile clay oval in southwest Kansas.
Saturday's tilt at the state-of-the-art facility will feature the Fourth Annual Sport Modified Mayhem event that offers up a $1,000 winner's share for the IMCA Sport Modifieds. The Precise Racing Products DCRP Sprint Cars, IMCA Modifieds and IMCA Hobby Stocks will be in action as well on the card that goes green at 7:30 p.m.
Sport Modified Mayhem hardware has gone to Woodward, OK, over each of the last two years with Kaleb Roach outdueling Dustin Daniels for the win last year after Mike Roach took top honors in 2015. Penokee's Clay Money captured the inaugural Sport Modified Mayhem win in 2014.
The only driver to finish among the top five in all three previous editions of Sport Modified Mayhem at DCRP is current track points leader Jeff Kaup. The Woodward shoe captured runner-up honors in 2014 before finishing third in 2015 and then fourth last year.
On the strength of four wins in six events at DCRP thus far in 2017, Kaup has raced out to a 135-point lead over the duo of Kyle Wiens and Brian May, who are tied for second. Kaup was denied victory lane last time out by Brandon Kenny, who was Sport Modified Mayhem runner-up to Mike Roach in 2015.
A strong contingent of invaders is expected to vie for Sport Modified Mayhem honors with Kaup leading DCRP reps that include the Wiens duo of Kyle and Alex along with Brian May, Jarett Lunow, Joey Maupin, Kohle Ricke and defending track champion Kevin Tabor among others.
While the IMCA Sport Modifieds take the spotlight for the night, the DCRP Sprint Cars, IMCA Modifieds and IMCA Hobby Stocks battle it out as well with just one more night of championship chase action to follow.
Turpin, Oklahoma's Taylor Velasquez leads the Precise Racing Products DCRP Sprint Car ranks into the night with a 50-point advantage over Tyler Knight, Bucklin's Clay Sellard holds a 92-point lead over defending IMCA Modified track champ Nick Link while Reagan Sellard is just four points ahead of Duane Wahrman in the IMCA Hobby Stock battle.
The DCRP Sprint Cars and IMCA Modifieds have both offered up seven different winners in the last seven events while Reagan Sellard matched Wahrman in the IMCA Hobby Stock win column with their second triumph of the season last time out on July 28. Zach Blurton topped the most recent DCRP Sprint Car feature with Mike Petersilie victorious last time out in IMCA Modifieds.
The Fourth Annual Sport Modified Mayhem feature payout is as follows: 1st – $1,000, 2nd – $750, 3rd – $500, 4th – $400, 5th – $350, 6th – $300, 7th – $250, 8th – $200, 9th – $175, 10th – $150, 11th – $125, 12th – $100, 13th – $100, 14th – $100, 15th – $100, 16th – $75, 17th – $75, 18th – $75, 19th – $75, 20th – $75.
Past Sport Modified Mayhem Top Fives…
2016 – 1. Kaleb Roach, 2. Dustin Daniels, 3. Austin Walker, 4. Jeff Kaup, 5. Jeremy Sigler.
2015 – 1. Mike Roach, 2. Brandon Kenny, 3. Jeff Kaup, 4. Clay Money, 5. Dustin Daniels.
2014 – 1. Clay Money, 2. Jeff Kaup, 3. Daniel Gottschalk, 4. Austin Walker, 5. Kameron Gruber.
General admission for Saturday's Fourth Annual Sport Modified Mayhem event is just $15 with children 11 and under admitted free when accompanied by an adult.
The 2017 season at Dodge City Raceway Park consists of 14 total nights of racing action, culminating with the return of the World of Outlaws Sprint Car series for the “Boot Hill Showdown” on October 27-18. The complete 2017 schedule of events at Dodge City Raceway Park is available at http://www.dodgecityraceway. com/schedule/.
Dodge City Raceway Park is located on the south edge of Dodge City, KS, on US 283, then 0.9 miles west on US 56, then 0.1 miles south. For more information, contact the track at 620-225-3277 or check www.dodgecityraceway.com.
Sources: Lonnie Wheatley/Dodge City Raceway Park PR
There are several ways to boost self esteem. Self esteem may be the positive or unfavorable attitude 1 feels about themselves. Portraying yourself to become a particular way within your mind will at some point lead to disappointment. Right here are ten ways that aids to enhance your self esteem. Get additional information about Autostima
1. Steer clear of Negative Men and women
Don't let people's damaging perception of you lead you to start believing those negative thoughts of yours. In regards to self esteem, your opinion will be the only one particular that matters. Stay away from people that treat you badly for this can start off to create you really feel negative towards your self. Surrounding your self about damaging people will only make you act negatively.
2. Stop Attempting to Please Every person
You cannot please every person so never attempt. Wanting to please absolutely everyone will have you feeling unappreciated for those who never get that exact same remedy in return. Even though you'll want to treat others how you wish to be treated, you will not constantly get that exact same remedy in return. Not obtaining the same treatment in return will not be a reflection of you, but them. Everyone's intention will not be exactly the same as yours. Pleasing absolutely everyone is stressful. Do not rely on other people to decide your self worth as a result of rejection. Do not expect issues to always come out the way you expect it to. Be the exceptional person that you're. You do not have to seek validation from any individual. Never ever let the thoughts and feelings of not having the ability to help other people influence you mentally, physically, and emotionally.
3. Occupy Your self
Do not invest time considering something that makes you sad or insecure. Do the factors you adore to complete to occupy your thoughts. In case you are busy carrying out points you adore to perform, you are not going to have the time for you to dwell on negativity.
4. Get Support
It's OK to acquire the help you'll need when struggling with low self esteem. You don't have to do it alone. Having a very good help technique tends to make believing in yourself a whole lot less difficult. Communicating how you truly feel shows that you're in tune with unfavorable thoughts and genuinely want to enable. Getting much more open permits you to express all your feelings that you simply have been holding inside.
5. Forgive
You may have to become capable to forgive. Holding onto feelings of resentment will maintain you inside a state of negativity. Once you forgive your self, you are going to have the ability to commence to forgive others. Often you might have to adjust your viewpoint to determine other's point of view. The past is definitely the previous and also you can not change it so do not reside with regrets. Having that sense of forgiveness can be a relief lifted off your shoulders.
6. Be Confident
Never ever really feel like you're ever worthless. Have self-assurance on each the inside and out. Encourage your self and treat yourself with kindness. The extra you practice treating your self genuinely, self self-confidence will rise. Nobody can see your insecurities and lack of confidence unless you show and tell them. Having sturdy self esteem outcomes from day to day activities and how you handle the negative thoughts. As you focus much more on the present as an alternative to what ought to have, could have and would have, self-confidence will come simply. Are these thoughts factual? Do you definitely believe the factors you consider about your self? Would you say those things about yourself to a person else? In case you would not, then steer clear of saying them to your self. Being really hard on your self whilst having low self esteem will bring about depression.
7. Don't Compare yourself to other folks
Comparing your self to others could make you really feel as if you're not worth it. Just because you really feel an individual has more than you, or is undertaking improved than you in any type of way brings you down. There's no such factor as a life that is far better than yours. Your insecurities should not be a reflection on any and anything that an individual says. Don't be so challenging on yourself if factors don't go exactly as you need them to. Know your individual personal worth.
8. Surround oneself about optimistic
Surround yourself about those who loves, cares, and accepts you just for who you will be. It assists when family and good friends remind you of factors that you do ideal. For those who expect to be treated a particular way, surround oneself around these people. Treat people who treat you negatively tip on how to treat you. People see you differently than you see oneself. Openly accept the sayings from the ones who treat you fantastic. This helps you view oneself in a unique way other than how you view oneself. Hearing what individuals like about you in place of what they don't like about you puts your thoughts at ease. Treat other individuals with kindness along with the kindness will be returned. Being appreciated makes you really feel far better about yourself.
9. Make a list
Make a list of items you feel proud of. Celebrate your accomplishments. No matter how huge or little, it's usually a job well accomplished. When you really feel your self esteem is not high, look at the list to remind yourself of one's good results.
10. Turn unfavorable thoughts to positivity
Damaging talk can cause you to respond negatively. Feelings run high when there's damaging talk about. As opposed to feeling overwhelmed from adverse thoughts, accept them. Do not let unfavorable thoughts to influence your behavior. When you feel terrible, you will only remember negative times. As you continue to think about factors that upset you, it can cause you to act in such a way that's not appropriate. The way you feel includes a major influence on thoughts and behavior. Your self esteem will be started to enhance as you learn to manage adverse thoughts. If you can't manage your thoughts, you are going to under no circumstances be capable of handle your behavior. Learn from past failures and turn it into positives.
Paloma Villicana is a bilingual sports anchor and reporter for ABC WOAY-TV in West Virginia. They report on local, collegiate, and professional sports during the week. Read More
The Newman Triathlon presented by Act-Belong-Commit took place on Sunday, May 20, and there was a sea of smiling faces despite the cold weather.
Individuals and teams competed across three divisions.
The long course was open to those aged 14 and above and involved a 600m swim, 21.6km bike ride and 4.8km run.
The short course was for ages 10 and above and comprised a 200m swim, 8.1km bike ride and 1.6km run. There was also a junior course for seven to 10-year-olds.
Shire of East Pilbara president Lynne Craigie said the people of Newman had a strong commitment to sport and fitness, with the event being another example.
“The triathlon provides a platform to publicly display fitness and physical prowess, but more importantly it's an opportunity for the entire community to come together and celebrate physical health and wellbeing,” they said.
The winners of the long course were Brandon Smith and Denise Boreham in the male and female divisions respectively.
It was a family affair for Boreham, with their son Luke Bourke winning the male short course and their daughter Jessica Bourke winning the junior girls' competition.
Stella Wade won the female short course and Luke Keogh took first place in the junior boys.
“Well done to the winners and all the participants,” Cr Craigie said.
“The day highlighted that it's fun to be fit and active and this helps a community to thrive.”
This report studies the global PV (Photovoltaics) market status and forecast, categorizes the global PV (Photovoltaics) market size (value & volume) by manufacturers, type, application, and region. This report focuses on the top manufacturers in North America, Europe, Japan, China, India, Southeast Asia and other regions.
Request A Sample Copy of This Report at: https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/global-pv-photovoltaics-market-professional-survey-report-2018/request-sample
Solar PV is one kind of device made from crystalline silicon or thin film which converts solar energy into electricity by a process known as the photovoltaic effect. The key indicator for solar PV is conversion efficiency.
In this report, the statistical product is considered from the solar module, the statistical data is considered from the shipment volume.
Solar PV Industry achieved rapid development these years; Global capacity and production have a great development. In 2016, Global Market Size of Solar PV is nearly 38594.78 M USD; the actual sale is about 70546 MW.
The global PV (Photovoltaics) market is valued at 42700 million US$ in 2017 and will reach 105700 million US$ by the end of 2025, growing at a CAGR of 12.0% during 2018-2025.
Browse Full Research Report with TOC on https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/global-pv-photovoltaics-market-professional-survey-report-2018
The major manufacturers covered in this report
Jinko Solar
Trina Solar
Canadian Solar
Hanwha
JA Solar
First Solar
ReneSola
Yingli
SunPower
Eging PV
Chint Group
Shunfeng
Risen
Solarworld
REC Group
CSUN
Hareonsolar
Kyocera Solar
Solar Frontier
HT-SAAE
SoloPower
Geographically, this report studies the top producers and consumers, focuses on product capacity, production, value, consumption, market share and growth opportunity in these key regions, covering
North America
Europe
China
Japan
India
Southeast Asia
Other regions (Central & South America, Middle East & Africa)
On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into
Single Crystal Silicon
Polycrystalline Silicon
Other
By Application, the market can be split into
Police are urging the public not to engage in water-related activities this weekend as the forecast predicts the rough seas will continue as tropical storm rough seas.
In particular, police advise against boating, swimming, diving, surfboarding and scuba diving.
They're asking boat owners to secure their boats, especially along the south and west sides of the island.
Tropical storm Nate was making its presence felt here in Grand Cayman, pounding the island's west side with high winds and heavy seas. The rough waves rolled in, and trees were swaying in the fresh winds.
DAMASCUS, Syria (AP) - Syrian President Bashar Assad visits troops in newly-captured areas in eastern Ghouta near the capital Damascus.
By Brian Ives
Ed Sheeran is starting 2017 off with new music.
In a video that they tweeted late on New Year's Eve, they held up a hand written sign saying, “New Music Coming Friday!”
Earlier in the month, they changed their Twitter profile picture and their twitter page's stage image to solid light blue, a signal that other changes were on the way.
Twitter reacted to the news quickly, with Late Late Show host James Corden among those expressing excitement (some were also excited because One Direction's Harry Styles tweeted “It's 2017. Be Nice. Be Good.”
Well, @edsheeran has already made 2017 epic as far as I'm concerned. #friday —
James Corden (@JKCorden) January 01, 2017
Ed Sheeran releasing new music Friday, Harry tweeted 'It's 2017' https://t.co/qDQqHALkpu —
ℓαяяу αf. (@LarentsParadise) January 01, 2017
EVERYONE CALM DOWN. ED SHEERAN IS RELEASING NEW MUSIC ON FRIDAY AND WE ARE ALL SAVED. THANK YOU, 2017. THANK YOU. —
Alex Goldschmidt (@alexandergold) January 01, 2017
Ed Sheeran is back, Harry tweeted "its 2017" and 4 more words. 2017 is already saved. twitter.com/harry_styles/s… —
nat (@daggertattooH) January 01, 2017
Panthers Ron Rivera: This was one of Graham Gano's biggest kicks for a win
Carolina Panthers head coach Ron Rivera was asked if Graham Gano's game winning field goal was the biggest of their career. The kick is up there on the chart, but there is a home game that may top it.
AHMEDABAD: Half a million Indians have set a new world record by performing a mass rendition of their national anthem, as patriotic sentiment rises under a nationalist government.
The “Jana Gana Mana” anthem was sung by 509,261 people in Gujarat, the home state of Hindu nationalist Prime Minister Narendra Modi, at the opening of a Hindu temple, said Guinness World Records. “The event attracted close to 1 million people according to the auditors, but only the above number could be accommodated in the record attempt area,” the world record-keeper said on its website.
The feat was accomplished in late January but only validated recently by Guinness World Records. It smashes the previous record of roughly 254,500 set in the Bangladesh capital Dhaka in 2014.
“We feel very proud to have achieved this record, which is nearly double that of the previous record,” Paresh Gajera, chairperson of the organising committee overseeing the stunt in the western state, told a foreign news agency.
The patriotic effort comes amid a fiery debate in India over exploitation of the anthem, and concerns about overt displays of nationalism under Modi's right-wing administration.
The Supreme Court ruled in November that cinemas must play the national anthem before screening movies and audiences should stand for it, drawing angry accusations of an assault on civil liberties.
There have been reports of cinemagoers being assaulted for refusing to stand, while others were arrested for failing to obey the ruling. Some liberals say freedom of speech is being stifled by Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party, which came to power in 2014.
Adjuster: Actuals Est. Tckts 1929 1924 1910
NOTE: If daily grosses stop for a movie, it means that the respective studio is no longer tracking it on a daily basis. The exceptions are New Line, Miramax/Dimension and Sony Pictures Classics. They don't do official daily box office, and estimates are made for their movies based on partial data in order to fill out the top 12. Because of this, movies from these studios are more apt to disappear from the daily chart.
StampNews.com is glad to inform our readers that the U.S. Postal Service is to issue a “Love Skywriting” Forever stamp on Jan. 7 with a first-day-of-issue ceremony at the Planes of Fame Air Museum at Chino Airport in Chino, Calif. This new issuance is a cheerful and romantic continuation of the USPS tradition of creating stamps that celebrate love. The Love Skywriting stamp will add a sweet, romantic touch to your letters and cards, not only on Valentine's Day, but all year round.
Let's appreciate the exquisite design of this philatelic item together!
The stamp art depicts the word “Love” written in white cursive script against a blue sky studded with wispy clouds. The edges of the letters are just beginning to blur into the surrounding sky. Underlining the word is a decorative swirl of smoke that emphasizes the message. A small, stylized plane, dwarfed by the giant letters, completes the end of the swirl, with smoke trailing from its tail.
Skywriting had its heyday as an advertising medium from the 1920s to the 1950s, promoting everything from soft drinks to bikinis. Messages are created by a small airplane that emits vaporized fluid from its exhaust system to form letters in the air. Still used occasionally for advertising slogans, skywriting more commonly broadcasts romantic-and very public-declarations of love.
Love Skywriting is appropriate not only for romantic correspondence but also for sending letters to friends, to family, or to anyone you love.
Louise Fili designed the stamp, which was illustrated by Jessica Hische. Derry Noyes was the art director.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — The Tennessee Titans have released cornerback Jason McCourty after eight seasons with the franchise, and a few days after the veteran shared the news themselves on social media.
The Titans announced the move Monday, the first day of the team's offseason program.
General manager Jon Robinson said in a statement they respect McCourty and what they have done for the franchise in their eight seasons as a true professional. Robinson says they talked about having them return for the final season of their contract but could not agree on the right solution.
McCourty was due $7 million for the final season of their contract. The three-time captain started 90 games and had 13 interceptions in their tenure as a sixth-round pick out of Rutgers in 2009.
Advertisement
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
A Mcdonald's worker has revealed a handy trick to make sure you get the freshest fast food.
Kamran Adan, a former employee of a London branch, issued the advice on question and answer platform Quora and said it could guarantee a fresh burger everytime.
The reason for this is simple.
Mystery shoppers - who rate the service and food they're given - ask for receipts for reimbursement purposes.
And, according to to Adan, who wrote on, that means employees are (naturally) eager to make a good impression on them.
Mystery shoppers now use a promotion called ' Food for Thoughts ', rather than the one Adan cites (Gap Busters).
It asks participants to fill out a survey about their experience.
People who use Food for Thoughts are rewarded with with food vouchers for completing the survey (sounds good, right?)
Unfortunately, they can't reap the rewards of their hard work without the receipt.
1:51 Pilot takes down passenger who pushed flight attendant Pause
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
1:03 Oversized coats are winter's ultimate wrap star
Five fearless predictions for Sunday's Carolina Panthers game at Detroit:
1. Ziggy Ansah will have three hits on Cam Newton
And one of them will be a sack. Ansah has been struggling with a knee injury that sidelined throughout training camp, although they had a three-sack game vs. the Giants in Week 2 – their only sacks this season. But Ansah should be able to get pressure against either Matt Kalil, who's questionable with a groin injury and had trouble with Ansah while with Minnesota, or their backup Amini Silatolu. Expect tight end Ed Dickson to help out.
2. One of those pressures will result in an INT
The Lions have been exceptional at creating turnovers, which used to be a strength of the Panthers' defenses. Detroit is tied for the league lead with 11 takeaways, including seven interceptions. One of Ansah's blindside hits on Newton will produce a floater that will be picked off, giving the Lions a short field in a game when field position will be key.
3. Panthers' big receivers will exploit a big mismatch
Detroit's cornerbacks have played well. But both Darius Slay (6-0) and Nevin Lawson (5-9) will be giving up a lot of size to Panthers wideouts Kelvin Benjamin (6-4) and Devin Funchess (6-4). Each receiver will catch at least four passes. And Funchess, who grew up outside Detroit and went to Michigan, will pull down a touchdown pass in the red zone in their homecoming game.
4. Carolina will finally come up with a takeaway
The Panthers' defense hasn't forced a turnover in its past three games, the longest such stretch since 2006. Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford has thrown 137 consecutive passes without an interception. Advantage, Lions, right? Probably, except that the Panthers' pass rush should be able to get to Stafford and at least force them out of the pocket to throw on the move. Stafford will force a pass into coverage during one of those plays and Luke Kuechly will have their second INT of the year.
5. Game will come down to a field goal
It was a big week for Panthers kickers past and present. Graham Gano drilled the game-winner in New England last week a day before Kansas City rookie Harrison Butker, who competed with Gano during the preseason, beat the Redskins with a 43-yarder on Monday Night Football. But this week it will be Lions kicker Matt Prater who will deliver the dagger to the Panthers. Prater, who's already set an NFL record with four field goals of 55 yards or more, won't add to their 55-plus collection. But they will win the game. Lions 23, Panthers 20.
HUTCHINSON, Kan. – Valetin Delgado and Kyra Rodriguez were named Homecoming royalty for fall 2017 at Hutchinson High School.
Delgado was crowned king before Friday's HHS vs. Salina South football game and Rodriguez was crowned queen at halftime.
Other finalists for king were Zane Allender, Joesiah Galindo, Tre Vaughn Jones, Max Ontjes and Brody Smith.
Other finalists for queen were Mariah Cannon, Carson Cox, Ally Lusk, Grace Scott and Raegan Wessel.
Homecoming festivities end Saturday with a dance from 9 to 11 p.m. in the Hutch High Cafeteria.
Award-winning journalist Michael Gordon has died after suffering a suspected heart attack during an ocean swim on Victoria's Phillip Island.
The 62-year-old Fairfax writer was pulled from the water and brought to shore at Cowes about 10.30am Saturday but died at the scene despite efforts to revive him, The Age reported.
Gordon won a Walkley Award - one of the profession's highest accolades - for most outstanding contribution to journalism in 2017, the year during which they left their long-term role as political editor.
They worked at the newspaper for 37 years.
The Age described Gordon as "a giant of Australian journalism" and said they were one of the publication's most loved, respected and lauded writers.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said Gordon was "one of the most wise and calm" journalists and offered love and sympathy to their wife Robyn and family.
"A good friend and great mentor to so many," Mr Turnbull posted on Twitter.
"He left us far too soon."
Opposition leader Bill Shorten said Gordon was simply "one of the good guys".
"A passion for truth-telling, a champion for social justice, their every word was wielded for a cause," Mr Shorten tweeted.
"I'll miss reading them and talking to them immensely."
In addition to their long tenure at Fairfax, Gordon was a former political editor of The Australian and US correspondent for The Herald.
Gordon wrote about their formative years as a cadet in a column published in June 2017, describing how securing the position at age 17 and when their father Harry was the editor was viewed with suspicion by some.
They spent "long spells" on real estate, police rounds and the Trades Hall - the "perfect prelude to observing national affairs" - before moving to the press gallery in Canberra.
Former Prime Minister John Howard was named by Gordon as the catalyst for a focus on the plight of asylum seekers, one of many subjects they covered with passion.
As they left journalism at the same age their father did, Gordon said their overwhelming emotion was one of "immense gratitude".
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
There are nights Aaron Boone truly doesn't know what he's going to get from their rotation.
Except when Luis Severino is on the mound.
“Sevy really continues to cement themselves as an ace in this league,” Boone said late Wednesday afternoon.
That process continued a few hours later as Severino threw seven dominant innings against the defending champion Astros in a 5-3 Yankees victory in front of 45,229 at the Stadium.
The victory allowed the Yankees (35-17) to take two of three from the Astros (35-22) here and five of seven this season.
Severino (8-1, 2.31) struck out seven of the first nine batters they faced and retired the first 11 overall, en route to allowing two runs and four hits. Severino, who struck out 10 and walked one May 2 when they notched their first career shutout in Houston, walked one and struck out 11 Wednesday.
They made one mistake Wednesday, a 99-mph fastball on a 2-and-1 pitch with two outs in the fifth that Max Stassi hit out for a 2-1 Astros lead.
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
But the Yankees rallied against past tormenter Dallas Keuchel, getting a two-run single in the bottom of the fifth by Gary Sanchez, which snapped an 0-for-19 slide and put them back ahead for good at 3-2.
Aroldis Chapman allowed an RBI double to Stassi with two outs in the ninth but struck out George Springer, the potential tying run, for their 12th save.
Keuchel, who went 6-2 with a 1.09 ERA over their first eight career starts against the Yankees before getting hammered in Game 5 of last year's ALCS and then allowing three runs and six hits in seven innings of a loss on May 2, lasted five-plus innings Wednesday. Keuchel (3-7) allowed four runs, seven hits and three walks. The lefthander struck out seven.
After Severino struck out two in a perfect 12-pitch first, the Yankees went to work in a 28-pitch bottom half. Aaron Hicks, hitting leadoff with Brett Gardner getting the night off against a lefthander, drew a walk. Aaron Judge then continued hammering opposing team pitching, especially at home, lining a single to left that put Hicks on third. Judge went 2-for-4 and is 38 for 109 (.349) with 12 homers and 33 RBIs in 31 games at the Stadium this season.
Giancarlo Stanton, in a 1-for-20 skid, ripped one into the gap in right-center where centerfielder Jake Marisnick made a terrific diving catch to rob the leftfielder of a hit. Hicks scored on the sacrifice fly to make it 1-0.
The hardest hit ball the Astros had in the early innings was Tony Kemp's liner that clipped Severino's glove leading off the fourth. Severino retrieved the ball and easily threw them out. After Alex Bregman flied to center, Houston got its first hit when reigning AL MVP Jose Altuve singled to right.
The Yankees rallied in the fifth after Stassi's homer. Austin Romine hit a one-out singe, extending their hitting streak to nine games. After Hicks struck out, Judge flared a single to right, putting runners on the corners for Stanton, who fell behind 0-and-2. Stanton fought back to draw a walk to load the bases. Sanchez fell behind 0-and-2, eventually punching a 1-and-2 fastball to right for two-run single.
After Severino needed eight pitches to retire the Astros in the top of the sixth, Gleyber Torres, whose walk-off in the 10th won Tuesday's game, opened the bottom half with a double to left. They went to third on a wild pitch. Didi Gregorius followed by stinging a fastball to right, the RBI single making it 4-2 and ending Keuchel's night as righty Collin McHugh came on.
After Gregorius was thrown out trying to steal second, Romine walked. Hicks then sliced a blooper to left that Marwin Gonzalez made a dive attempt on and failed. The ball skipped past them for a double, which allowed Romine to come around from first to make it 5-2.
Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador won Sunday's presidential elections in Mexico, scoring a 53% landslide victory, according to a quick count by the electoral authority
This was the third time the 64-year-old left-wing politician had tried to reach the highest responsibility in Mexico. Their historic win was on behalf of the National Regeneration Movement (MORENA).
In their first public appearance after preliminary results were released, the candidate who is widely known by their initials, AMLO, addressed their supporters from their campaign headquarters in Mexico City. They said eradicating corruption and impunity will be the primary mission of their government.
“I reiterate my promise to not betray the confidence millions of Mexicans have placed in me. I will govern honestly and justly; I will not fail you. I will not disappoint you and I will not betray my people,” they said.
Shortly after the official preliminary results began rolling out, the right-wing candidates Ricardo Anaya, from the National Action Party (PAN), Jose Antonio Meade, from the Revolutionary Institutional Party (PRI) and the independent Jaime Rodriguez conceded defeat.
By midnight Lopez Obrador was greeted with rapturous cheers by tens of thousands of supporters at a victory rally in El Zocalo Square in Mexico City.
After the announcement, congratulatory messages started pouring in from around the world, among them one sent by Cuban president Miguel Diaz-Canel Bermudez.
Lopez Obrador will take office on December 1st.
On the same day as Microsoft releasing .NET Core 2.0 , the Mono folks are out with a software update of their own.Mono, the software aiming to make it easier to write cross-platform .NET code, is out with its first post-5.0 stable update. The mono command finally runs as 64-bit by default while there is an argument for restoring 32-bit support. Mono 5.2 also has prep work for the .NET Standard 2.0, various library improvements, optimizations to its runtime, and many fixes.Those making use of Mono can learn more about the v5.2 feature release via Mono-Project.com though the interesting technical bits are mentioned in the release notes
By Sue Pascoe
Editor
I first fell in love with this town and its shops in December 1994. My husband and I had purchased a house here shortly after the January 1994 Northridge earthquake, and it needed major renovations. After a long summer and fall of construction, the project appeared to be nearing completion.
Around Thanksgiving, our contractor promised the house would be ready to occupy in time for Christmas. So, we gave a December 15 notice on our West L.A. rental house and invited extended family from the Midwest to come and stay over the holiday.
My husband then went out of town for six weeks, and I was tasked with overseeing construction. Even though I was there every day with my two toddlers, I seemed to be failing at my task.
It became apparent to me that the house was not going to be done in December and that the large dirt pile in the front yard might be permanent.
I tried to get our rental back, but couldn't because it was going to be painted for the next renters. A hotel for 20 people was out of our price range. So, the kids and I followed workmen from room to room that December, helpless. There wasn't really a place to put a tree up and I didn't have time to go Christmas shopping.
A Margaret River surfer has blasted the State Government's lack of action on sharks after a warning was issued to stay out of the water at Gracetown today, despite a forecast for near-perfect conditions.
A shark alert was issued for beaches from North Point to Ellensbrook after a young surfer reported being “swiped” by the tail of a 3.5m shark 15m from shore about 5.30pm on Monday.
The close encounter, at South Point break near Gracetown, came a week after twin attacks at Cobblestones and Lefthanders.
The surfer in the latest incident was not injured.
Authorities say the closures will stay until at least 6pm tomorrow.
Excellent conditions are forecast for the area today, with light offshore winds and a 3m swell.
Fisheries Minister Dave Kelly last night urged surfers to heed the warning to avoid a repeat of the earlier attacks, which happened when people returned to the water after shark sightings.
“If you see a shark report it. If a beach is closed don't go in the water and if you surf or dive, protect yourself by using an accredited personal shark deterrent device,” Mr Kelly said.
Camera Icon WA Fisheries Minister Dave Kelly. Picture: Nic Ellis
It's been one week since two surfers were attacked in the state's South West. The West Australian Video It's been one week since two surfers were attacked in the state's South West.
The fisheries minister says the 37-year-old knowingly put themselves in harm's way. The West Australian Video The fisheries minister says the 37-year-old knowingly put themselves in harm's way.
Surfer and board shaper Mat Manners said the idea that people should stay out of the water for days every time a shark was sighted was not a real solution.
“As far as the surf goes tomorrow, I can't speak for everyone, but a couple of guys I have spoken to, we will be going surfing,” they said.
“I'm not sure where we will go yet.
“It doesn't seem like the Government is going to do anything any time soon, so what do you do?
“Do you just stop what you are doing and wait for them? It is my livelihood as well.”
The State Government all but ruled out drastic action to manage shark numbers last week, despite a shock decision by world surfing's governing body to cancel the Margaret River Pro.
Mr Manners said there had been an “awful lot” of white shark sightings off the local beaches recently.
“How many people need to be taken before the Government does something?”
Augusta-Margaret River shire ranger co-ordinator Mick O'Regan said people who ignored closures could be fined.
“Given we know the surf is looking good for tomorrow and there are a lot of visitors in our region ... we feel another temporary closure is warranted,” they said.
I guess we should have known. Despite knowing through painful experience that we should never get our hopes up – let alone buy into the ‘bookies' favourites' tag – many of us really thought that England might win the Champions Trophy.
Yeah right.
The bottom line is, and always was if we're being honest, that our white ball revolution was hollow. And this was cruelly exposed yesterday at Cardiff.
When the wicket's good for batting, England is a good side that can out-hit the best of them. But when conditions are trickier, and intelligence is required, our white ball specialists just can't hack it.
I guess that's what excessive range-hitting, and a dereliction of proper batting skills, will do to you.
England's white ball revolution has been exposed as a brainless one. It has created a side that only has one gear; a side that cannot think on its feet; a side that can only succeed on belting wickets. And is it really a surprise? England are, after all, a team of belters rather than proper players (with one or two notable exceptions).
The uncomfortable truth for Andrew Strauss, whose has prioritised the creation of this supposedly modern white ball side, is that England might have won this game – or at least made it more competitive – if the old guard had been playing.
I doubt a team with proper batsmen like Ian Bell (still our record ODI run scorer), Jonathan Trott and, dare I say it, Alastair Cook, would have capitulated so meekly when confronted with a pitch that was tired but hardly a minefield.
I was never Ashley Giles's greatest fan, but their team probably would have posted 270 or 280 on this pitch, and given themselves a chance of putting Pakistan under pressure. It's worth pointing out, of course, that Giles's team reached the final of the Champions Trophy last time it was played on our shores.
Andrew Strauss, thus far, has therefore failed. Sacrifices have been made, more English players are playing in the IPL, yet we lost in humiliating fashion to a country that doesn't have any players in the IPL at all.
And we still sit, rather modestly, in 4th place in the ICC rankings … having just lost at home to a side ranked 8th … a side derided before this tournament as an anachronism.
Pakistan are, after all, exactly the type of old fashioned team that Andrew Strauss didn't want England to be: a side that rarely scores 300. Sure England are a flashier side these days, but are they actually any better? Good on Pakistan I say.
When I met Atherton, Hussain, Lloyd and Botham at Lord's last month, I asked them whether Strauss would prefer to win the Champions Trophy or the test series against South Africa this summer. They all looked thoughtful and struggled to give a definitive answer. Make no mistake about it; Strauss was heavily invested in winning this tournament. And England has failed badly when it mattered most.
Of course, if England win the world cup in two years time, then nobody will care what happened yesterday in Cardiff, and Strauss will be completely vindicated. However, on yesterday's evidence it looks like a long shot. Let's hope that England manage to find a plan B over the course of the next two years.
I don't want to go into too much detail about the specifics of yesterday's game as you all know the story: too many poor shots from a team that panicked when it realised a total of 300 was getting out of reach. The shots played by Alex Hales, Eoin Morgan and Moeen Ali were particularly lamentable.
When it came to Pakistan's innings, they cruised to victory because they knew exactly what score they were aiming for. England's big mistake was failing to figure out what a good score was.
I think it's safe to say that England's batsmen are all brilliant at using the muscles in their arms. But when it comes to using the muscle that matters most – the one between their ears – they're about as useful as a punctured diaphragm.
James Morgan
The Castries City Council officially launched its city night festivities on Saturday, December 9.
The family-oriented street party is the brain-child of Mayor Peterson Francis.  They are on a mission to revive the comatose night-life in the capital.
VIGO COUNTY, Ind. (WTHI) - A Chicago man accused of leading police on a chase through Terre Haute in a stolen car made a court appearance.
Scroll for more content...
That man was identified as 31-year-old Tremaine Wilson.
According to court documents, the chase happened Friday afternoon.
That is after police say they attempted to stop the vehicle Wilson was driving in southern Vigo County.
Wilson allegedly continued to pass several vehicles on the shoulder.
The pursuit ended near 3rd and Chestnut Streets after police used stop sticks.
Wilson remains in the Vigo County Jail on a number of charges, including auto theft, refusal to self-identify, and resisting law enforcement.
Could Ireland's border be the stumbling block for Brexit? James Anderson on carrots and sticks and collateral damage.
What are Britain's Brexit negotiators up to on Ireland's borders? We still don't know, nearly two years after the Brexit vote and less than a year before the UK exits the EU. It's a major sticking point, and unsurprisingly many in Ireland and among ‘Remainers' in Britain have been quick to conclude that the British Government is so divided it doesn't know what it wants. However perhaps too quick – it's never wise to underestimate an opponent. Possibly they have a rabbit to pull from the hat, though maybe later rather than sooner as they focus on getting to the exit in March 2019.
On substantive issues, Britain's negotiators have actually been quite consistent, if coyly unspecific, about what they want. They have talked about technology to avoid a ‘hard' border, but no examples of this exist where the two sides are in different customs unions, and most take it with a large pinch of salt. It's true the British side have shown a remarkable lack of interest in securing their land border with the Irish Republic and implied if anyone creates a ‘hard' border it will not be them but rather the Irish Government and the EU to protect their Single Market. So much for “taking back control of our borders” to stop unwanted immigration, but here the British know the leaky Irish land border is unfit for purpose and they can always fall back on the Irish Sea border with checks at their ports and airports in Britain.
More seriously, they've also said they want a customs ‘arrangement' where they ‘mirror' or ‘shadow' EU standards and regulations, presumably to argue that they should therefore have access to the Single Market. Moreover as they are explicitly not in a customs ‘union' they could further argue that they should also be able to make their own trade deals with other countries, such as the USA. This could be what ‘having their cake and eating it' really means.
Many will dismiss this as totally implausible, already ruled out by the EU to protect its Single Market. But what if we see the negotiators bargaining in relative terms with the British getting some limited access to the Single Market and some new trade deals, by using the Irish border as a ‘carrot and stick'. The merely ‘implausible' becomes ‘perfidious', indeed Machiavellian. It would provoke opposition – which may explain British delays on being specific. But in a weak position it may be their strongest bargaining ploy.
The ‘carrot' is the claim that the UK getting what it wants removes the need for a ‘hard' border which it is widely agreed would be a disaster – disrupting the integration of the all-island economy and the Good Friday Agreement that brought relative peace, still leaking like a sieve and providing a smugglers' bonanza (not Single Market protection), and an attractive target for dissident republican paramilitaries. The ‘stick' is the UK not getting what it wants and handing the EU and the Irish Republic the ‘hard' border disaster. Northern Ireland would be collateral damage, with its Democratic Unionist Party collaborators in supporting the British Government.
Of course such a ploy may not work. Indeed some Brexiters may already conclude as much and are simply waiting for the exit date without an overall deal, or want out just as soon as ‘an unreasonable' EU can be blamed for their exit. This is probably why the EU and the Irish Government tried to force the UK to agree the ‘fall-back' position of Northern Ireland staying in a customs union or in alignment with the Single Market in the event of ‘no deal', and the British negotiators seemingly agreed to this so talks on trading arrangements could start.
But the Democratic Unionist Party opposes any separate or ‘special' status for Northern Ireland because it necessitates an Irish Sea border. This, they claim, would undermine the UK's sovereignty and territorial integrity. However, the reality is that Northern Ireland's constitutional position as part of the UK can only be changed by referendum votes in both parts of Ireland. On Brexit the DUP does not command a majority in Northern Ireland where 56% (including a third of unionist voters) voted Remain, and they could be vulnerable if it emerged they'd been ‘DUPed' into supporting a British ploy where Northern Ireland was collateral damage. A very uncertain future could boil down to an Irish land border disaster versus an Irish Sea border as the more practical solution. It's still all to play for.
James Anderson is a Emeritus Professor of Political Geography, Queen's University Belfast
Like this: Like Loading...
Former Socceroo Ivan Franjic will sign with Perth Glory after being released from A-League rivals Brisbane Roar.
Their versatility will be invaluable for new coach Tony Popovic as they set about rebuilding Glory for a tilt at the premiership in their first season.
The triple championship winning defender will be officially announced by Glory tomorrow.
Franjic, 30, who has made 20 Socceroos appearances, won three titles in their first stint with Roar playing in grand finals in 2011, 2012 - against Glory where they scored an own goal - and 2014, before signing a three-year deal with then newly-promoted Torpedo Moscow in the Russian Premier League.
However they quit a year later after not being paid and returned to Australia and joined Melbourne City for three years.
After two injury plagued seasons they were released and signed with South Korean club Daegu before again returning to the A-League last season for their second stint with Roar.
They played 16 games last season and scored two goals.
Franjic started their senior career with Victorian club St Albans before joining Roar in 2009 on a short term injury replacement contract.
They made their Socceroos debut in 2013 against Hong Kong in the East Asian Cup qualifier. They were selected for the 2014 World Cup finals but their campaign was cut short when a hamstring tear ended their first and only game against Chile in Brazil.
They were a member of the Socceroos 2015 Asian Cup squad, starting in the final before being injured in the second half, and was forced to watch as Australia beat South Korea 2-1 in extra time.
Franjic had doubts about their soccer future two years ago after heart inflammation threatened their career.
Oil is used in various industries such as automotive, marine, aerospace, manufacturing and production. The demand for oil in these industries is always high, leading to growth in oil cleaning market. Oil can be used repetitively as long as it's clean. Motors and machinery are important parts in any industry. Oil aids in the smooth functioning of motors and machinery. The filters used to refine oil get degraded over time causing impurities in oil. Oil cleaning removes various impurities in oil such as acids, sludge, solid particles, water contaminants and minute traces of fuel. Oil cleaning systems are used to purify oil. Oil cleaning machines are bypass system; they can be installed on the oil supply pipe towards the engine. An oil cleaning machine sends oil to its purifier by using the engine oil pressure.In this first stage of filtration contaminants greater than one micron are removed and gravity helps oil to travel back into the engine. The filters of the purifier are changed on reaching the contamination parameters and these filters are now recyclable.
The oil cleaning market is developing with decrease in equipment prices and increasing consumer awareness. New entrants in this market will find high opportunity and diversifying firms will have a chance to ascertain firm control over the developing market.China, Europe, United States, Japan and South Korea are the major markets for oil cleaning. Industries in these countries are undergoing a gradual shift towards increase use of oil cleaning market as this equipment cut the oil procurement cost by half.
The global oil cleaning market is segmented on the basis of technology, application and geography. Various oil cleaning technologies such as centrifugal separator, offline filter, glass fiber pressure filter, magnetic filtration, hydraulic bypass, electrostatic filter and vacuum filter are used. Centrifugal oil cleaning is the widely used technology for oil cleaning. Magnetic filtration and hydraulic bypass technologies are the latest innovations in this sector. Oil cleaning systems are used to clean oil in motors, turbines, gears and engines in industries such as machinery manufacturing, bearing, automotive, steel manufacturing, cement, plastic modeling, sugar, auto ancillaries cement, mining, offshore, die casting and forging, aerospace and defense, steel casting and forging. North America and Europe including the U.S, U.K, France, Germany, Spain, and Canada have major share of global oil cleaning market. Asia Pacific and Middle East including China, Saudi Arabia, Japan, UAE, and South Korea have a growing share in global oil cleaning market. China and India are predicted to drive the further growth of oil cleaning market.
Frequent demand of oil in the manufacturing and production industry has led to a growing market of oil cleaning. Customizations in oil cleaning machines have increased the demand of oil cleaning equipment.Minimization of expenses, availability of high quality oil, minimization of industrial discharge and emphasis on recyclable technologies are growth factors helping the oil cleaning machine market to generate more revenue. However, lack of awareness about oil cleaning technologies is likely to hamper the growth of oil cleaning market. Increasing industrialization, modernization and raising awareness predicts a good growth trajectory for oil cleaning market during the forecast period.
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=7123
Some of the major players in oil cleaning are KlassicKlarol Filters Private Ltd., Puradyn Filter Technologies Inc., Triple R Co. Ltd., Kleenoil Filtration Ltd., Ferrocare Machines Pvt. Ltd., Trident Engineering, Kleentek, and Clean Oil Technology AB.
About us:
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations.
Contact us:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
UMBC made more than history in the NCAA Tournament.
By becoming the first No. 16 seed to beat a No. 1, the Retrievers made about $1.7 million for the America East Conference. Loyola-Chicago's buzzer-beating run to the Sweet 16 will be worth double that to the Missouri Valley Conference. Nevada's consecutive comebacks were also worth about $3.4 million for the Mountain West. The MVC and Mountain West will pocket at least as much from NCAA Tournament units as the Pac-12, which had three teams in the field, all bounced after one game each.
Units are what the NCAA calls its revenue distributions from the basketball performance fund, which rewards teams for tournament performance. The NCAA Tournament generates more than $700 million in revenue for the association and its schools, the vast majority from its media rights deal with CBS and Turner.
Units for this year's tournament are worth approximately $273,000, according to the NCAA, but their value ends up being greater than that.
The units are paid out annually each of the next six years, increasing in value each year by about 2-3 percent. The payout system means that one upset by UMBC should be worth more than $1.7 million. Units are earned every game a team appears in, with the exception of the first game played by an automatic qualifier and the NCAA championship game.
The money goes to the conferences, unless the school is an independent in basketball. The NCAA encourages equal distribution by conferences among its members, but it is not required. Most do.
The Missouri Valley has in the past received multiple bids, but only champion Loyola-Chicago got in as an automatic qualifier this year. The MVC distributes the units revenue equally among 10 members - though the NCAA Tournament participants receive an additional half-share to cover travel expenses, MVC spokesperson Ryan Davis said Sunday.
The Atlantic Coast Conference has been rolling in units in recent years, with a total of 64 from 2015-17, worth more than $100 million . This season, the ACC got nine teams into the field, more than any other conference, and placed four teams in Sweet 16. Two of them - Duke and Syracuse - play in the regional semifinals, limiting the conference's earning potential.
The Big 12 also placed four teams in the round of 16. The Southeastern Conference and Big Ten each have two.
For the ACC - and other Power Five conferences - NCAA units account for less than 10 percent of conference revenue. The ACC reported $373.4 million in revenue for fiscal year 2016 - most of which comes from a television rights deals with ESPN - and paid out about $25 million to each of its members.
For low-major Division I schools such as UMBC and the eight other members of the America East, those units are real money.
UMBC's athletic budget for 2017 was $9.3 million. NCAA records from 2010-15 show the America East earned a total of eight units and $2,086,514 in basketball revenue.
Over that same period of time, the Missouri Valley earned 21 units and $5,477,099. The Mountain West earned 33 and $8,606,870.
All that money helps explain why the American Athletic Conference lured tournament-regular Wichita State from the MVC last year, despite the Shockers not having a football team, and why the Mountain West is trying to strike a similar deal to pull Gonzaga out of the West Coast Conference.
The Shockers went out in the first round, upset by Marshall, Conference USA's only tournament team. But Gonzaga is back in the Sweet 16 after padding the WCC coffers with a Final Four appearance last year.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org ; https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
According to reports, shortly after 11:00pm, Wednesday 31st, January, 2018, officers from Drug Enforcement Unit acting on information, went to Saunders Beach, West Bay Street, where they recovered a 36ft Go-fast Intrepid vessel with three 300 Yamaha engines. The vessel was reportedly stolen on Tuesday 30th January, 2018 from a dock in Abaco. It is valued at $400,000.00.
Five adult males, believe to be from Bimini, were taken into custody and are assisting police with this investigation.
Internet shopping sensation Shopify Inc. posted record sales in both its most recent quarter and for the full 2016 fiscal year as merchants continue to migrate over to the Ottawa company.
Shopify, which provides online stores and support for businesses, reported revenues of $130.4 million, up 86 per cent over the same quarter one year ago. The fourth quarter, which includes Christmas and holiday shopping is typically the company's strongest quarter of the year.
However, Shopify also reported a net loss of $8.9 million during the period, higher than the $6.3 million during the same time period in 2015, as the company continued to ramp up spending to keep pace with the increased demands for its products.
It was a similar picture for the full 2016 fiscal year.
Shopify reported $389.3 million in revenue during 2016, a 90 per cent increase over the $205.2 million it reported during the 2015 fiscal year. Net losses were reported as $35.4 million for the full 2016 year, as compared to $18.8 million in 2015.
Shopify finished the year with$392.4 million in cash and cash equivalents, more than twice the $190.2 million it had in cash on December 31, 2015.
Russ Jones, Shopify's chief financial officer, said they expect much of the same in 2017 as the company continues to spend more to develop new services and expanding the company's infrastructure to support more clients.
ALSO:Ottawa's Shopify tops best places to work in Canada employee survey
In 2016, more than 133,000 new merchants opened stores on Shopify, bringing the total number of stores hosted by the Ottawa company to 377,500.
“Throughout 2017 we will continue to build out our ability to seize this opportunity,” said Jones. “These investments are timely, as we expect the number of merchants on Shopify to continue expanding rapidly.”
The company's solid financial news comes asthe companydeals with a controversial decision to continue hosting the Internet retail store of Breitbart news.
Breitbart, known for its often questionable news reports, is chaired by Steve Bannon, chief strategist for President Donald Trump. The decision to remain neutral over which sellers can use the Shopify platform has sparked a boycott by some political groups opposing Trump.
DNA Model Management doesn't think it can be blamed for model Adwoa Aboah defecting to rival agency Lions.
In urging a Manhattan Supreme Court to dismiss Lions' September allegations that DNA poached Aboah, with the help of their fashionably connected mother, in breach of their representation contract, DNA said the model was simply “unhappy” and only switched agencies after their deal with Lions was terminated.
“This is not the first case where one model management firm, being angry because a model was unhappy and left for a competitor, commenced an action against the new firm,” DNA wrote in its filing.
DNA went on to argue that Lions' sole interference with contract claim is “rote” and “conclusory” with no basis for relief, because the agency is “entitled to compete fairly with rival management companies”
As for the claim being also made against its cofounder, David Bonnouvrier, DNA said the law clearly protects individuals against personal liability in relation to corporate business decisions.
“The complaint is devoid of any allegation Bonnouvrier acted outside the scope neither of their authority nor for their own personal interests,” DNA wrote. “The complaint only alleges Bonnouvrier was aware Aboah was a party to a ‘valid and enforceable contract' with plaintiff. The fact that plaintiff represented Aboah was not a state secret.”
DNA added that it never discussed representing Aboah until after their agreement with Lions was terminated, which was done with the help of an attorney, because they were “dissatisfied.” The idea that Aboah didn't have the right to terminate their contract is also not mentioned in Lions' complaint, according to DNA.
Under New York law, employment is deemed “at will” by both parties, meaning either can end an employment agreement at any time without explanation, unless contractually specified otherwise.
“Models are not indentured servants and are free to move from one management firm to another,” DNA added. “If they have a contract with the prior firm, that is between the model and the prior firm.”
In its complaint, Lions also accused Camilla Lowther, founder of CLM Agency and Aboah's mother, of participating in a concerted effort to get the model a deal with DNA.
Lions pointed out that Aboah's mother Lowther is a personal friend of Bonnouvrier, and claimed that they told the agency that Lowther is “very powerful in the fashion industry” and if Aboah was not released from their contract, they would “attempt to harm the Lions business.”
CLM represents creatives across the fashion editorial industry, including photographers Tim Walker and Juergen Teller, and stylists Katie Grand and Venetia Scott, who recently took up the style director position at British Vogue left open by the clamorous exit of Lucinda Chambers.
Lions also claimed that during its representation of Aboah, they went from getting “virtually no modeling fees” to being “one of the top models in the United States,” and that as recently as July, they expressed “being very happy” with the agency.
During their time with Lions, Aboah got their first Vogue cover and has modeled for the likes of Fendi, Calvin Klein, Alexander Wang and many others.
For More, See:
Ex-Gucci Employee Launches $10M Sexual Harassment Suit
Chanel Wants to Put an End to ‘Shanel' Retailer
Adidas Exec at Center of College Basketball Bribery Scheme
Siemens announces technology push for improved power plant efficiency
Siemens is paving the way for the next level of efficiency with the development of its HL-class. In June 2017, Siemens announced the company will validate the technologies of its HL-class at Duke Energy's Lincoln County site in North Carolina.
Siemens is developing this class in an evolutionary development step derived from its proven SGT-8000H technology. The advanced Siemens HL-class gas turbines combine a series of new but already tested technologies and design features with the best of past experience – resulting in a technology carrier to the next level of efficiency and performance. The HL-class is clearing the way to efficiency levels beyond 63 percent with a mid-term goal to reach 65 percent.
Furthermore, Siemens is gaining speed to drive technological upgrades and competitiveness by transferring newly developed key technologies to its entire gas turbine portfolio. In the near future, all customers will benefit from further efficiency and performance increases. This approach is part of a series of activities to help Siemens' customers compete in a rapidly changing market – working to significantly reduce lead and construction times through standardization and modularization.
The new Siemens HL-class consists of three engines: SGT5-9000HL, SGT6-9000HL and SGT5-8000HL. In simple-cycle operation the air-cooled SGT-9000HL gas turbine will provide a capacity of 545 megawatts (MW) for the 50-Hertz market and 374 MW in the 60-Hertz version. SGT5-8000HL will provide 453 MW in simple-cycle operation. All engines reach more than 63 percent combined cycle efficiency.
To achieve top performance, the turbines operate at high combustion temperatures. For this purpose, Siemens' specialists have developed advanced combustion technologies, innovative multi-layer coatings, super-efficient internal cooling features as well as an optimized water-steam cycle. Furthermore, optimized sealings minimize cooling and air leakage. At the same time, evolutionary 3D-blading is enabling higher aero-efficiency for the compressor. Predefined and prefabricated solution elements as well as pre-selected vendors and products allow a significantly reduced construction time and a fast start for projects. The turbines are designed to plug in to Siemens' digital offering for plant operators and utilities alike, incorporating connectivity to MindSphere, the cloud-based Siemens operating system for the Internet of Things. MindSphere offers access to powerful analytics from Siemens and its partners – using intuitive insights in engine operation and decision support to deliver benefits to customers.
“Driven by digitalization, speed in technology development is rapidly gaining momentum in the power generation arena,” said Willi Meixner, CEO of the Siemens Power and Gas Division. “It took us 10 years from 2000 to 2010 to increase the efficiency of our combined cycle power plants from 58 to 60 percent, a further six years to reach 61.5 percent in 2016 and now we are taking the next step to 63 percent and beyond. That´s amazing. But we know that speed and efficiency alone are not sufficient – reliability and cost effectiveness of our solutions as well as partnership, support in financing and insurability are also key to our customers,” said Meixner.
To minimize customer risk, Siemens is following an extensive and thorough validation and testing approach. After component testing and prototype testing in Siemens-owned facilities, the company is now pursuing validation under real field conditions. “With the new HL-class our customers will be prepared for whatever digitalization brings in the future,” Meixner added.
“Worldwide we see renewables are growing rapidly, but gas-fired power plants will still play a vital role in the energy mix for the next decades,” said Meixner. “With the growing share of fluctuation power from renewables, flexibility will be a key feature of gas turbines. Our HL-class offers a simple-cycle ramp-up of 85 MW per minute. Therefore, highly efficient and flexible gas turbines like our HL-class are the perfect fit to energy systems with a rapidly increasing share of fluctuating renewables,” said Meixner.
Source: Company Press Release
The New England Patriots signed offensive lineman Ulrick John, the team announced Tuesday.
Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed for John, who has appeared in 10 games over four seasons with four different teams, including a career-high five with the Green Bay Packers last season.
The 6-foot-5, 307-pound John was a seventh-round draft choice of the Indianapolis Colts out of Georgia State in 2014. They spent parts of two seasons with the Colts, Miami Dolphins and Arizona Cardinals.
John made three starts for the Cardinals in 2016 and started the 2017 season on the team's practice squad before winding up with Green Bay.
TORONTO/NEW YORK Chevron Corp (CVX.N), the second-largest U.S.-based oil producer, is exploring the sale of its 20 percent stake in Canada's Athabasca Oil Sands project, which could fetch about $2.5 billion, according to people familiar with the situation.
The company has discussed with investment banks the prospect of selling the stake in the western Canadian oil sands project, a source said.
The possible sale comes after Royal Dutch Shell (RDSa.L) last month agreed to sell most of its Canadian oil sands assets to Canadian Natural Resources Ltd (CNQ.TO) for $8.5 billion.
Chevron does not find the oil sands business appealing in the current environment, as low oil prices make it more challenging for global producers to generate profits, the people said, declining to be named as the matter is confidential.
The California-based company is close to making a decision, taking into account factors such as price, the sources added.
Canadian Natural is seen as a logical buyer as it will be the majority owner and operator of the Athabasca Oil Sands project once the Shell deal closes, the people said.
A Chevron spokesperson and a Canadian Natural spokesperson declined to comment.
The move comes as international players are pulling back from the Canadian energy market, particularly the capital intensive oil sands. A range of factors are contributing to investor apathy toward Canada, including weak oil prices, the higher cost of Canadian operations compared with cheap U.S. shale plays and limited export pipeline capacity out of western Canada.
Asked on Thursday about Chevron's possible sale and whether their government would consider tweaking policies to be more business friendly, Alberta Premier Rachel Notley told reporters: "What's going on frankly in the oil sands is you're seeing a reorganization, you're not seeing people pull back investment per se."
In March, ConocoPhillips (COP.N), the largest independent oil producer, agreed to sell its oil sands and natural gas assets to Calgary-based Cenovus Energy (CVE.TO) for about C$17.1 billion ($12.9 billion).
Chevron, which posted its first annual loss since 1987 last year, is working on a two-year plan to sell $5 billion to $10 billion in assets in 2016 and 2017. It is expecting to see several growth projects long in the planning, including Australian liquefied natural gas (LNG) projects, to come online this year.
The company is also boosting spending on its low-cost Permian shale operations, all with the goal of making Chevron cash-flow neutral this year.
(Reporting by John Tilak in Toronto, David French in New York and Ethan Lou in Calgary, additional reporting by Ernest Scheyder in Houston, Nia Williams in Calgary and Jessica Resnick-Ault in New York; editing by Denny Thomas and Tom Brown)
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - The protests will be staged on or around February 23 to coincide with the 115th anniversary of the opening of the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base, where the military prison is located.
Co-coordinator of the United National Antiwar Coalition (UNAC) Joe Lombardo told Sputnik that Anti-war activists in the United States would stage a series of protests across the country this month to demand the closure of the notorious Guantanamo Bay military detention center.
"The antiwar movement in the US is gearing up for protests in cities across the country to demand that Guantanamo be closed and the land be returned to Cuba,” Lombardo said. "The United States has no right to have a military base in a country where the government does not want them to be,” Lombardo added. "This, in itself, is an act of aggression. It does not make the people of the US, Cuba or the rest of the world safer, but brings us closer to war."
The United States may transfer new detainees to the Guantanamo Bay prison in Cuba if needed, according to the executive order signed by Trump. Moreover, Decisions about what will happen to terrorists detained at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base will be made on a case-by case basis, the White House said in a release following Trump's signing of the executive order, titled "Protecting America Through Lawful Detention Of Terrorists."
“Trump said that they want to keep it open as a place to keep 'terrorists' who are captured. This means they intend it for additional prisoners,” Lombardo said. “The US admits that most who are in prison there now are not guilty of any crime. Keeping them off of US soil allows the US to not afford them the rights that other prisoners in the US have. All who are there now are Muslim. This is part of the US attack on the Muslim religion, which is used to support its so-called 'War on Terror.'”
Lombardo said Trump's decision on Guantanamo dovetails with a broader administration strategy of US military expansion and aggressive foreign policy.
"Under Trump, the US military budget has been expanded, as has NATO, and the US military presence in Asia and Africa. The US is now proposing a permanent military force of 30,000 troops in Syria, has provocatively declared it will move its embassy to Jerusalem and is continuing its threats at N. Korea and Iran,” Lombardo said. “The decision to keep Guantanamo open is a continuation of this aggressive posture."
In 2014, the US Senate Intelligence Committee produced a 6,700-page report that detailed appalling incidents of wrongful detention at prisons run by the Central Intelligence Agency, including a CIA facility at Guantanamo. Prisoners were routinely subjected to "brutal" abuse, including water boarding, extreme sleep deprivation and forced rectal rehydration, according to the report.
In December 2017, United Nations Special Rapporteur on Torture Nilis Melzer criticized the United States for failing to hold the perpetrators of the abuse accountable and reiterated a long-standing request to visit the Guantanamo detention facility and interview detainees.
The demonstrations come on the heels of US President Donald Trump's announcement that they signed an executive order to keep the facility open. Former President Barack Obama tried but failed to close the Guantanamo detention center, which gained worldwide notoriety after evidence emerged of widespread torture and abuse of detainees.
Feb. 2 (UPI) -- The Transportation Security Administration intends to use specially trained dogs to assist screen passengers at Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport this weekend, when it expects up to twice as many travelers as usual thanks to Super Bowl LII.
The TSA said Friday it projects 69,000 people will pass through the security checkpoint Monday, up from an average of 34,000 passengers on on a normal day.
The agency will use 20 dogs to help detect explosives and explosive components to expedite the screening process for travelers departing from the airport.
"Passenger screening canines are able to work in large crowds in a busy transportation environment and can pinpoint the source of an explosive odor," said Cliff Van Leuven, TSA federal security director for Minnesota. "We are thrilled to add this additional layer of security during what is guaranteed to be a peak travel period at MSP."
The TSA said the dogs will be used at the security checkpoint, making travelers eligible for expedited screening.
"If a dog alerts its handler to something suspicious, TSA follows an established procedure to resolve the alarm," a news release from the agency said. "The use of these canines are an effective tool in detecting explosives, which are known to be the greatest threat to the aviation system."
And while Ebbers, Eette and Auntie Llenoir might be the most adorable TSA workers passengers have ever seen, the TSA advises travelers not to get too friendly with the pooches.
"While they are sociable, they are working canines so they should not be petted or fed by anyone except their handlers," the release said.
NIAGARA FALLS, N.Y. (AP) — The aerialist wife of daredevil Nik Wallenda will perform a series of maneuvers — including hanging by their teeth and toes — while on a hoop suspended from a helicopter above Niagara Falls in a stunt that will break a record set by their husband, the family said Wednesday.
Erendira and Nik Wallenda said they are excited to again showcase Niagara Falls on the fifth anniversary of Nik Wallenda's televised tightrope walk over the brink. The stunt is planned for Thursday morning.
“She's a ballerina in the air,” Nik Wallenda said during a press conference with their wife at the Seneca Niagara Casino.
Erendira Wallenda will be tethered by their waist to comply with a state law that requires safety harnesses for performers more than 20 feet in the air, Nik Wallenda said, but the cable won't aide them performance.
Advertisement
“It is just as much of a challenge, in fact more of a challenge often, because you're worried you're going to get tangled up in it,” they said.
Like their husband, Erendira Vazquez Wallenda traces their daredevil roots back generations. There are eight generations of performers on their mother's side who have been part of the third-oldest circus in Australia, they said, and seven generations on their father's side, which tours in Mexico City.
The idea for Erendira's stunt emerged as the Wallendas were discussing how to maintain their connection with Niagara Falls, where they one day hope to open a Wallenda-themed entertainment center. Nik Wallenda thought the only way to top their own stunt was to redo it without the tether that they had objected to wearing in 2012. That seemed unlikely.
“Remember that world record that you set years ago hanging by your teeth under a helicopter about 200 feet above the ground?” Nik Wallenda recalled their wife saying. “Well, why don't you allow me to do it 300 feet above the falls?”
“I was like, ‘Absolutely. That's amazing. That's awesome,'” they said.
The Niagara County Legislature last month approved spending $35,000 for the act.
Wallenda hung on by their teeth 250 feet above Silver Dollar City in Branson, Missouri, in 2011. Erendira plans to break the height record by performing 300 to 350 feet in the air.
The altitude will take the mother of three above the mist and wind of the roaring falls.
“What is against her,” Nik Wallenda said, “is that your mind — the higher you are, the harder it is to let go and hang on by your teeth.”
Erendira Wallenda said their training in the rain and mist of Florida, where they live, helped prepare them for the conditions expected on Thursday. They said their dentist made them a mouth guard that they will wear, but they will use their jaw muscles to avoid falling.
“Obviously, my dentist doesn't want me to do this for the rest of my life,” they said.
“Our dentist is a very understanding person,” their husband added.
Five members of the Wallenda circus troupe fell from a high-wire in Sarasota, Florida, in February while practicing an eight-person pyramid. Everyone survived.
Vitamin World, the Holbrook-based retail chain that filed for bankruptcy protection in September, has received a $28 million offer from an affiliate of a Chinese dairy producer to acquire its 156 remaining stores after a previous bid fell through.
The new bid calls for Valuable Hero International, based in the British Virgin Islands, to pay $28 million cash, assume liabilities of about $1.2...
TOKYO (AP) — Share prices were higher in Asia on Monday, lifted by encouraging employment data from the U.S. that took the Standard & Poor's 500 index to its third straight weekly gain on Friday despite weakness earlier in the week.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index climbed 0.6 percent to 22,983.73 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index gained 1.0 percent to 28,923.94. The S&P ASX 200 in Australia edged 0.1 percent higher to 6,030.01 and the Shanghai Composite index added 0.9 percent to 3,318.87. South Korea's Kospi picked up 0.3 percent at 2,471.49. India's Sensex rose 0.2 percent to 33,329.96 and shares in Southeast Asia also were higher.
WALL STREET: U.S. shares climbed after the jobs report showed that employers added 228,000 jobs last month and the unemployment rate remained at a low 4.1 percent in the latest evidence that the U.S. economy continues to improve, in sync with the rest of the world. The S&P 500 rose 0.6 percent to 2,651.50, another record. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 0.5 percent to 24,329.16 and the Nasdaq composite added 0.4 percent to 6,840.08.
ANALYST VIEWPOINT: “Asia markets looks set to commence the week with a positive start, lifted by the tail winds from last Friday's rally in the US. Having said this, we are at the fore of a week filled with event risks and it would be of little surprise to see investors exercising caution ahead,” Jingyi Pan of IG said in a commentary.
Advertisement
GEOPOLITICS: An agreement that allows talks to continue to the next stage for the United Kingdom to leave the European Union has reassured investors investors hoping for a smooth exit that does not disrupt global trade. Another potential source of worry for investors dissipated after Congress passed a spending bill that prevented a government shutdown. It keeps the U.S. government running only until Dec. 22, though, when another deadline looms.
ENERGY: The price of oil fell back, with benchmark U.S. crude losing 11 cents to settle at $57.25 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It gained 67 cents to $57.06 per barrel on Friday. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 8 cents to $63.32 per barrel. It rose $1.20 to $63.40 per barrel on Friday. That helped energy stocks in the S&P 500 rise 0.9 percent.
BITCOIN: The first-ever bitcoin future jumped as the increasingly popular virtual currency made its debut on the Chicago Board Options Exchange. The futures contract that expires in January surged more than $3,000 to $18,500 in during Asian trading hours after it was launched on the Chicago Board Options Exchange. The price of an actual bitcoin has soared since beginning the year below $1,000. As of 0700 GMT it was at $16,660.43 on the private exchange Coindesk.
CURRENCIES: The dollar slipped to 113.43 Japanese yen from 113.48 yen late Friday. The euro rose to $1.1785 from $1.1774, and the British pound dropped to $1.3423 from $1.3465.
The founder of the Nicholson Clinic for Weight Loss Surgery talks about the benefits of Weight Loss Surgery
Dallas, TX – Known for giving those struggling with weight loss, a new lease on life, and a clear path to healthier living, the Nicholson Clinic offers several effective treatment options to patients in the Dallas Fort Worth area, allowing them to lose weight for good and take control of their diet. TheDallas abdominal surgery clinic, which has several locations and boasts a skilled staff of surgeons, nurses and other clinicians give prospective patients further access to its life-saving procedures, including:
● LAP-BAND®
● Gastric Bypass
● Sleeve Gastrectomy
The Benefits of Weight Loss Surgery
Excessive weight has been linked to high blood pressure, diabetes, heart disease, shortness of breath and many other illnesses. For patients who have not had success losing weight by traditional means, abdominal surgery gives them a fighting chance in their weight loss battle.
What sets the Nicholson Clinic apart from other weight loss centers?
At Nicholson Clinic for Weight Loss Surgery, the staff realizes that every patient has a unique path to recovery, requiring a custom action plan that addresses both their physical and emotional needs. Nicholson Clinic provides its patients with ongoing post-surgery support. In addition to its team of qualified abdominal surgeons, Nicholson works with fitness experts, clinical psychologists and nutritionists to provide patients with enjoyable and informative workshops. “We know that success in terms of weight loss is really built in many layers,” explains Dr. Nick Nicholson, founder and lead surgeon at the Nicholson Clinic for Weight Loss Surgery, “So we have a very comprehensive program, giving our patients several opportunities to succeed.”
The Nicholson Clinic specializes in putting people on the path to weight loss success. To learn more about the Nicholson Clinic, its locations and the weight loss services it provides, visit it online at www.nicholsonclinic.com.
About Nicholson Clinic
Founded by Dr. Nick Nicholson, one of the country's leading weight loss surgeons and co-author of “Weight Loss Surgery: The Real Skinny,” the Nicholson Clinic for Weight Loss Surgery offers a variety of options to help patients gain control of their weight and their lives.
Old City fire aftermath is bad for business
Old City fire aftermath is bad for business Mar 15
If late-night food matters to Amazon, Philly is No. 7 on list
If late-night food matters to Amazon, Philly is No. 7 on list Mar 19
Michael Klein has written about Philadelphia's restaurant scene since 1993 in their Inquirer column, “Table Talk,” and on their Philly.com blog, “The Insider.”
The 24-hour classic diner Little Pete's at 17th and Chancellor Streets on December 2, 2016. It is now a hole in the ground, as a hotel will be erected on the site.
The retail behemoth Amazon has 20 cities on its list of possible locations for its so-called HQ2.
Numbers-crunchers everywhere have been hard at work, assessing various data to handicap each city's chances. (See this nifty interactive graphic, for example.)
Demographics, shmemographics.
The data divas at the marketing agency Digital Third Coast dove into the crucial category of after-work options, specifically late-night restaurants in terms of quantity and quality.
Digital Third Coast's assessment weighed the number of late-night restaurants, the variety of cuisine, the average Google score, average closing times, the number of 24-hour restaurants, and the transit system.
By that combined measure, Philadelphia came in seventh.
The top city was D.C., followed by New York, Digital Third Coast's hometown of Chicago, Miami, Boston, and L.A.
You might think that New York City — home of 15 round-the-clock eateries — would be a shoo-in for the top spot. But Digital Third Coast cites “middling” restaurant reviews and an earlier average closing time.
D.C. got props for its transit system, a huge variety and volume of restaurants, and high Google reviews of restaurants.
You can see the list here.
Now wait.
The researchers counted only one 24-hour restaurant in Philly. Admittedly, Philly is not the 24-hour town that it once was (after the closings of Little Pete's and Midtown II) — which is not saying much — but there are a few options.
A Digital Third Coast rep says researchers looked at the first 50 restaurants in Google Maps when using the filter “open Saturday after 1:30 a.m.”
What came up was not the Melrose Diner or the South Street Diner or the Midtown III Diner, but Oregon Steaks, the takeout window at 10th Street and Oregon Avenue.
“There may be more 24-hour restaurants in the city, but this Google search tends to show the more popular/visited restaurants in the first 50 searches,” they said. Also, they said, the average restaurant rating on Google also takes into account the first 50 restaurants under that same filter.
There also will be a chicken-or-egg scenario. Wherever Amazon locates, savvy restaurateurs will open late-night restaurants to meet the demand. Amazon's hometown of Seattle has no shortage of them.
For that matter, keep an eye on Logan Square, where Comcast is building its Comcast Technology Center, which will house about 4,000 workers.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Marcus Hayes is a sports columnist for the Daily News and Inquirer. Hired more than 20 years ago as a features writer, they have since covered the Eagles, Phillies, and Sixers beats as well as Big Five basketball, college football, golf, and the Olympics.
CLEARWATER, Fla. — It would make for a nice, neat story:
Kid gets cut from the team one year because he's a little too green, goes down to the minors and gets hurt, rehabs like crazy, reports to camp this year fitter and readier, and plays even better.
Makes the team, right?
Let's hope not.
For the good of the franchise and the good of himself, second baseman Jesmuel Valentin should start the season in triple A. Again.
They won't like hearing that, and they shouldn't, because every player should want to be in the big leagues as soon as they can get there. The most invested Phillies fans — the ones who already know Valentin's backstory — might not like to hear it, either, because they generally want to see every kid in the bigs as soon as possible. But a little extra marination didn't hurt Ryan Howard, and extra triple-A time didn't injure Chase Utley, and it won't hurt Valentin, either, no matter how good they look. And they look really good.
He's hitting .281 with a .361 on-base percentage and a 986 OPS. On Sunday, they hit their third home run, tying them for the team lead with fellow prospect (and fellow second baseman) Scott Kingery.
“I'm trying to do anything in my power to stay here,” Valentin said. They are.
Like Kingery, Valentin isn't playing only second base — he's playing all over the field, part of manager Gabe Kapler's versatility initiative. Valentin on Sunday played right field, their fourth outfield assignment this spring. They played third base for the fourth time Friday. They have played shortstop twice.
But Kingery is the second baseman of the future, and Cesar Hernandez is the second baseman of the present, so, two weeks ago, the Phillies asked Valentin to diversify further.
They began taking extra work at catcher. They warm up pitchers in the bullpen during games and warms up pitchers at the plate between innings. In the morning, they put on starter Jorge Alfaro's mitt and backup Andrew Knapp's protectors and heads to the batting cages, where, masochistically, they block balls fired from a pitching machine. Then they head to the half-field to practice throwing out baserunners.
Valentin has dabbled at catcher when they play winter ball, too, and they even caught an inning during a scrimmage in Puerto Rico when the regular catcher started cramping.
Kapler plans to carry only four bench players, and keep an extra pitcher, for most of the season. So every line on the resume helps. Valentin is doing everything right to enhance their resume.
And they should keep on doing it. Every day. For Lehigh Valley. It makes little sense to give Valentin 25 at-bats a month in Philadelphia when they could be getting 25 every week in Allentown. He's a shortstop by trade and by birth; their father, Jose, parlayed their shortstop-based skills into a 16-year career as a utility man, and Jesmuel has handled every position with aplomb.
But he's just 23, and they have only 201 triple-A at-bats. They need more, if only to harness the newfound power in their 5-foot-10, 180-pound frame. Perhaps they developed the power from their eight years of sessions with famed Puerto Rico-based trainer Josue Lionel Rivera, a body-and-soul guru whose methods include having their clients push a minivan through sand on a beach.
There wasn't much van-pushing for Valentin this offseason. They were coming off surgery to repair the labrum in their left shoulder that they first dislocated while playing winter ball in Puerto Rico, then did it again in late May with Lehigh Valley. So, Rivera said in a telephone interview, they concentrated on Valentin's scapula and manipulated their vertebrae. The Phillies told Valentin they wouldn't be able to play with their club in Puerto Rico, but the recovery went so well — after their regular sessions with trainers, Valentin went home and worked on their strength and mobility at night — they were cleared to play in January.
“I was, maybe, 60 percent,” they acknowledged.
They were 100 percent in early February, when they played shortstop and helped Puerto Rico defend its Caribbean Series title. They reported to Clearwater in fine fettle. Cool. The team doesn't exactly need them right now, especially if Kapler keeps only four bench players.
The Phillies just added veteran utility player Pedro Florimon to their 40-man roster. Roman Quinn, 24, is an outfielder with infield play in their background — they played shortstop Sunday — and lightning in their legs. Knapp will be the backup catcher. Aaron Altherr will be part of the four-man outfield rotation.
Kapler won't betray their intentions.
“Everyday reps at the minor-league level are incredibly valuable,” they said, “but because a guy is on the bench at the major-league level, that doesn't mean their development is stunted by any stretch. Because he's getting a different kind of experience.”
More intense experience, perhaps, but less experience, assuredly.
Valentin needs to play, because they certainly have the pedigree. The Dodgers made them a supplemental first-round pick in 2012, 51st selection overall, and they landed with the Phillies as a player named later in the Roberto Hernandez deal. He's been a high-profile personage playing with pros in America for six years. Kapler and Valentin both insisted that their six years of winter ball should not be discounted, either.
“There are a lot of salty veterans. A lot of cockiness. It's not like you play baseball for fun there,” Valentin said. “They play really hard and really dirty.”
Stateside and on the the island, they have played pretty well. They have hit a combined .263 with a .342 on-base percentage in the minors and winter ball combined. Those are good numbers, but nothing like their numbers this spring, or last spring, when they hit .336 with a .422 on-base percentage and a .934 OPS.
But he'd gotten only 105 at-bats at the triple-A level, so off to Allentown they went. And that's where they should go again.
He's just too good to keep.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Behind the scenes at 'Bjork Ballet' S.F. Ballet blasts off to Planet Björk with choreographer Arthur Pita and costume designer Marco Marco
Behind the scenes at 'Bjork Ballet' S.F. Ballet blasts off to Planet Björk with choreographer Arthur Pita and costume designer Marco Marco
The shoe room at San Francisco Ballet seems to be in chaos as Arthur Pita, the self-described David Lynch of dance, throws mannequins and pointe slippers throughout the space. The South African-born Portuguese choreographer (“The Metamorphosis,” “Salome”) is deciding whether the gold body forms are better upright or on their sides. They scatter a mixture of both before arranging a group of wiry, palm-like sculptures.
“These are unpainted pieces that are going to be used onstage in ‘Björk Ballet,'” says Pita, 45. “Secretly, I'm the set designer on this piece even though I haven't credited myself. I wanted to create a space for the costumes.”
Likewise, Pita also became the set designer for this exclusive first look at the costumes for “Björk Ballet,” set to the music of the singer, which premieres on April 26 as part of San Francisco Ballet's Unbound new works festival.
Fashion designer Marco Marco enters the room. The 38-year-old designer known for their sexy men's collections and costumes for pop stars like Nicki Minaj, Britney Spears and Katy Perry (he designed their famous cupcake bra) is carrying an armful of leotards and vividly printed tights.
Photo: Peter Prato / Special To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Image 1 of 5 “Bjork Ballet” choreographer Arthur Pita (left) and costume designer Marco Marco at the San Francisco Ballet School. “Bjork Ballet” choreographer Arthur Pita (left) and costume designer Marco Marco at the San Francisco Ballet School. Photo: Peter Prato / Special To The Chronicle Image 2 of 5 “Bjork Ballet” choreographer Arthur Pita (left) and costume designer Marco Marco. “Bjork Ballet” choreographer Arthur Pita (left) and costume designer Marco Marco. Photo: Peter Prato / Special To The Chronicle Image 3 of 5 Dores André and Luke Ingham will appear in the world-premiere “Bjork Ballet,” at the S.F. Ballet School in San Francisco. Dores André and Luke Ingham will appear in the world-premiere “Bjork Ballet,” at the S.F. Ballet School in San Francisco. Photo: Peter Prato / Special To The Chronicle Image 4 of 5 Costume designer Marco Marco works with dancer Dores André at the S.F. Ballet School. Costume designer Marco Marco works with dancer Dores André at the S.F. Ballet School. Photo: Peter Prato / Special To The Chronicle Image 5 of 5 Dores André and Luke Ingham, dancers who will appear in the world-premiere “Bjork Ballet,” at the S.F. Ballet School in San Francisco. Dores André and Luke Ingham, dancers who will appear in the world-premiere “Bjork Ballet,” at the S.F. Ballet School in San Francisco. Photo: Peter Prato / Special To The Chronicle Blast off to Planet Björk with choreographer Arthur Pita and costume designer Marco Marco 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
“I brought more costumes to add to the mix on the ladder and floor,” says Marco (born Marco Morante), arranging a rainbow of socks on the ladder's railing. “I bought something from my runway show for you, Arthur.”
They hold up a black mesh tracksuit with color-dotted sleeves. Pita is excited, then notices the mesh's see-through quality.
“I guess it's good I'm wearing my Marco Marco underwear,” they joke. After Pita changes, they and Marco are joined by San Francisco Ballet principal dancers Dores André and Luke Ingham, both wearing their gold- and silver-veined, near-harlequin patterned bodysuits from the ballet.
The shoe room has been turned into a kind of otherworldly forest, and André and Ingham are the extraterrestrial inhabitants of this Björklandia.
“We've been saying our concept for the ballet's design has been Planet Björk,” Pita says. “The dancers are like gods living on this Björk planet. It's a celebration of life, death, sex, romance, love, heartbreak. It's all that stuff Björk encompasses in their world.”
Pita's half-hour “Björk Ballet” is the first time the artist has let their music be used for a project of this kind, a major coup for the choreographer and San Francisco Ballet. The Icelandic singer-composer has been pushing the boundaries of alternative and electronic music for almost 30 years, with songs like “Human Behavior,” and elaborate concerts. Them 2001 Academy Award performance of their nominated song from the film “Dancer in the Dark” became instantly iconic when they wore a Marjan Pejoski-designed swan dress, complete with egg purse.
“Usually, Björk just says no because they get something like 150 requests a day to use their music,” says Pita, who is the partner of fellow choreographer Sir Matthew Bourne. “I asked Helgi (Tomasson, San Francisco Ballet's artistic director) if they knew Björk. There's, like, two famous people from Iceland: There's Björk, and there's him. The two of them obviously have a deep respect for each other as artists.”
The Chronicle sat down with Pita and Marco to discuss their collaboration in this first-of-its-kind piece, and how they established the look of Planet Björk.
On their history with Björk
Marco: I've always followed their work, but I tried not to pull from what I've seen too much. I didn't want to mimic it. It's been done before, and I didn't want to do the original pieces a disservice.
Pita: Björk's visuals are equal to their music. She'll even say in interviews how important what she's wearing and the videos are to the story. I thought the choreography, the music, the design will be equal in this piece, so I better bring in a great designer.
On the music in the ballet
Pita: We've got the overture from “Dancer in the Dark,” “Always Full of Love,” “You're Flirting With Me Again” in Icelandic, “Bachelorette,” “Vokuro,” (and) a little bit of “The Gate,” which is the new one. I thought it was important to have Björk right now, even just the essence of it, then we go to “Hyperballad,” which is a big number. And then “Anchor Song.” We have a character who is the comedy and tragedy of the theater and of life, and I guess you could say the narrative is of them trying to find their happiness.
On each other
Pita: I know Marco's work through watching “RuPaul's Drag Race,” but there was also a clip online of guys voguing in Marco's clothes, and I was amazed by what they were wearing.
Marco: Arthur's interested in jumping into the minutiae of the show. What's really been fun has been being able to create a set of rules for this world we're building and creating outfits for those conditions. It's simple things like: Are the lines fluid, is everything symmetrical or not. It's been an intense eight months of work.
On costumes in the ballet
Pita: A costume is a huge moment in theater. When someone comes on wearing something, you breathe it; it lives in the space so it's very important.
Marco: As a student at CalArts, I started hanging around the dancers and designing for their shows. (For) my first piece, I grabbed a bag of bras from my best friend who was a stripper and I safety-pinned all their old costumes together to make an outfit. I learned pretty fast dancers don't like to dance covered in safety pins.
On creating for famous female performers
Pita: I saw Marco's work for Katy and Britney and Nicki and others and I thought, “That's great — he's made them interesting.”
Marco: I've been blessed to work with people who have given me an opportunity to be creative. I think it was Katy who wanted cupcakes, and candy breasts for the girls.
On whether Björk will see the ballet
Pita: I'm sure it would be very touching to have them there, but at the same time it's such a gift having them music. You can only hope if they watched it she'd be moved to see what you've done.
Marco: You hope you can do justice to this music, this performer that people love and have been listening to for 20 years. But at the same time, for me, there would be a level of terror involved with them seeing it.
On the ballet's lasting themes
Pita: Technology and nature are the two components you want to plug into each other in Björk's world. You've got to take everything personal and make it universal, like their music. There's quite a spirit of San Francisco in that. (On) Easter Sunday, I went to see the Hunky Jesus contest and it was so fantastic. There was a woman there wearing a purple tinsel jacket and I took a picture for Marco. This ballet is in the spirit of San Francisco. If someone walks down the street naked or with a Christmas decoration on their heads here, no one minds.
Marco: It's like an Easter egg you get to find!
Tony Bravo is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: tbravo@sfchronicle.com
“Bjork Ballet”
Dinh La Thang, second from right, former chairperson of state energy giant PetroVietnam, and other defendants stand trial in Hanoi, Vietnam, Monday, March 19, 2018. Thang was accused of alleged mismanagement while they headed PetroVietnam. Thang was sentenced to 13 years at another trial in January financial wrong doing and was the first former Politburo to be jailed in decades. (Vietnam News Agency/Doan Tan via AP)
Dinh La Thang, second from right, former chairperson of state energy giant PetroVietnam, and other defendants stand trial in Hanoi, Vietnam, Monday, March 19, 2018. Thang was accused of alleged mismanagement while they headed PetroVietnam. Thang was sentenced to 13 years at another trial in January financial wrong doing and was the first former Politburo to be jailed in decades. (Vietnam News Agency/Doan Tan via AP)
HANOI, Vietnam (AP) - A court in Hanoi began a criminal trial Monday of a former Politburo member accused of mismanagement at state oil giant PetroVietnam that cost millions of dollars.
PetroVietnam and the banking sector have been at the center of the country's recent crackdown against corruption with scores of executives being put on trial.
Dinh La Thang, formerly the chairperson of the state oil giant, already was the first former Politburo to be jailed in decades in another case earlier this year. They were sentenced to 13 years in jail in January for mismanagement involving the construction of a thermo power plant, costing the state millions.
In the current case, Thang is accused of deliberately violating economic management regulations by investing $35 million to buy 20 percent of shares in Ocean Bank without approval from the board of directors, the official Vietnam News Agency reported. The investment was lost when the bank was later acquired by the State Bank at no cost, it added.
"Defendant Dinh La Thang as head of PetroVietnam bears the highest responsibility in managing and safeguarding the investment of PetroVietnam," the agency quoted the indictment as saying.
The trial of Thang and six other former senior PetroVietnam executives is expected to last 10 days. Thang would face a jail term of up to 20 years if they are convicted.
Thang was once a rising political star but was dismissed from the all-powerful Politburo in May and was subsequently fired as Communist Party secretary of the southern commercial hub of Ho Chi Minh City. They were arrested on Dec. 8.
The ruling Communist Party has recently stepped up its crackdown against corruption to an unprecedented level under the watch of General Secretary Nguyen Phu Trong who was re-elected to another five-year term at the party's congress in January 2016.
Via, a new-ride share company, debuted in Arlington on Monday. Using an app, residents or visitors can hail rides in certain part of Arlington. City of Arlington Courtesy
Gamers Bay, Cayman's only e-sports tournament kicks off Saturday (7 October) at the Arts and Recreation Center, with more than 12 hours of gaming and more than $10,000 in prize money up for grabs.
Organizer Lance Jefferson says they hope Government agencies like the Department of Tourism share their optimism and work together to capitlide on what they say is a great opportunity.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Aston Martin, Red Bull, Cosworth, Ricardo, and Multimatic. Seems like a match made in hypercar heaven. The first two have joined forces to create a high-performance machine that will have a magical 1:1 power-to-weight ratio. Speaking of power, Cosworth will be in charge of engineering a tailor-made 6.5-liter V12 naturally aspirated high-revving engine set to take advantage of the company's F1 knowhow.
The newly developed twelve-cylinder is going to be linked to a paddle-shift, seven-speed transmission created specifically by Ricardo for the AM-RB 001, which is all set to use a carbon fiber MonoCell representing the work of Multimatic.
There's yet another company name worth mentioning: Rimac. The Croatian-based marque behind the blazing fast electric Concept One will be responsible for providing the hypercar's lightweight hybrid battery system.
The list of partners doesn't end here as Bosch is also an important member of the team since it will supply the AM-RB 001's ECU and traction control unit, as well as the ESP. Stopping power will be provided by Alcon and Surface Transforms working on super-light brake calipers matched with carbon discs, while the full-LED headlights and taillights will come from UK-based Wipac.
An exact weight number has not been released, but the Aston Martin / Red Bull joint-venture hypercar is expected to tip the scales at 1,000 kilograms (2,204 pounds) considering AM's chief designer Marek Reichman, has revealed the powertrain will deliver 1,000 horsepower. That will be enough V12 muscle to grant the AM-RB 001 with a sprint to 200 mph (322 kph) in approximately 10 seconds en route to a top speed of more than 250 mph (402 kph).
Aston Martin wants to keep it exclusive which is why only 150 units (including prototypes) are ever going to be made, along with 25 track-only cars. The production version will retain 95 percent of the concept's design and will receive a proper name. Customer deliveries at around $3 million a pop are slated to commence in 2019. Needless to say, all road-going units have already been pre-sold, while some of the race cars are presumably still available.
Meanwhile, Mercedes-AMG will unveil its F1-engined Project One in September at the Frankfurt Motor Show, and Audi might also do a hypercar in the years to come to capitalize on the strong demand for multi-million-dollar halo cars.
Source: Aston Martin
By The Associated Press
Balanced Fund 11353.55 – .05 + .64 + 10.86
Corporate A-Rated Debt 1966.69 – .11 – .08 + 4.86
Emerging Markets 339.71 – .08 + 1.57 + 29.33
Equity Income Fund 11073.81 – .20 + .85 + 11.29
GNMA 717.85 – .10 + 1.43
General Municipal Debt 1293.73 + .11 + .12 + 4.98
Gold Fund 265.14 + 1.15 + 2.29 + 11.25
High Current Yield 2109.35 – .03 + .16 + 7.05
High Yield Municipal 595.33 + .04 – .03 + 6.53
International Fund 1849.35 – .04 + .19 + 22.32
Science and Technology Fund 2260.17 + .40 + 1.77 + 31.23
Short Investment Grade 352.52 – .04 + 1.71
Short Municipal 182.69 + .02 + 1.61
US Government 641.43 – .05 – .08 + 1.84
-0-
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
DETROIT (AP) — Aaron Rodgers danced all over the Ford Field turf, avoiding sacks, keeping plays alive and eventually lifting Green Bay to the NFC North title.
The Packers' quarterback certainly looks healthy, and there wasn't much the Detroit Lions could do to stop him.
Rodgers threw for 300 yards and four touchdowns, and Green Bay beat the Lions 31-24 on Sunday night to edge Detroit by one game for the division. The Packers finished the regular season on a six-game winning streak, and Rodgers threw for 18 touchdowns with no interceptions in the final seven games.
Detroit is also headed to the playoffs as a wild card.
When their team was 4-6, Rodgers said they thought Green Bay could “run the table” — and the Packers did just that for the rest of the regular season.
“That's what you have to do sometimes as a leader. You have to exude confidence even in a situation where it seems to the outside world that confidence shouldn't exist, and that's kind of what I did,” Rodgers said. “I believe in myself and my abilities, but I also believe in this team.”
Rodgers finished the regular season with 4,428 yards passing, with 40 touchdowns and seven interceptions. He's dealt with a sore right calf but showed no ill effects while smoothly eluding Detroit's pass rush all night.
Green Bay (10-6) will open the playoffs at home against the New York Giants next Sunday, and Detroit (9-7) plays at Seattle on Saturday.
The Lions were trying to win their first division title since 1993 but came up short, losing their final three games and settling for a wild card.
“Obviously, guys don't like to lose. They're competitors,” Detroit coach Jim Caldwell said. “But the fact of the matter is though that we have an opportunity. When you look at the alternative, this is 1,000 times better than that.”
Here are a few things we learned from the final game of the NFL regular season:
ON A ROLL
Green Bay's offense is operating at a very high level. The Packers have scored at least 30 points in four straight games, and they finished with 448 yards and 28 first downs against the Lions. From the second quarter on, it seemed like penalties were the only real obstacle for Green Bay.
A STEP BELOW
The Lions could end up beating Seattle for their first postseason win in 25 years, but it would be an upset. Detroit is the lowest-seeded team in the NFC playoffs and hasn't measured up against the league's best. The Lions are 0-5 against other teams that are headed to the postseason.
RUNNING THREATS
The Lions and Packers lean on their passing, but there were some hints of more balance Sunday. Detroit's Zach Zenner ran for 69 yards and a touchdown, and Green Bay's Aaron Ripkowski had 61 yards on only nine carries. The Packers rushed for 153 yards as a team.
SWOON
For a second straight game, Detroit fell flat in the second half. Against Dallas, the Lions were tied 21-all at halftime before losing 42-21. Then Detroit led Green Bay 14-10 after two quarters before the Packers scored 21 of the game's next 24 points.
SCARY MOMENT
Green Bay cornerback Quinten Rollins was carted off with a neck injury in the second half after tumbling out of bounds on the Detroit sideline. The Packers said they were conscious with movement and was being evaluated at the hospital.
“He was communicating and everything — looked positive before they left the field,” coach Mike McCarthy said. “I think with that, our players had confidence that they were going to be OK.”
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL .
___
Follow Noah Trister at www.Twitter.com/noahtrister
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Wheat Seed Coating Agent Market Report by Product Type (Suspended Agent, Emulsions, Wettable powder ) by Application /End User (Single Application, Compound Application ) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends, and Forecast 2018–2026.
This report studies the Wheat Seed Coating Agent Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Wheat Seed Coating Agent Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Wheat Seed Coating Agent (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Wheat Seed Coating Agent Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/wheat-seed-coating-agent-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Wheat Seed Coating Agent Market: Product Type
• Suspended Agent
• Emulsions
• Wettable powder
Wheat Seed Coating Agent Market: Application
• Single Application
• Compound Application
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/wheat-seed-coating-agent-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
A telephone number is one of the most valuable personal data in the digital world today and criminals might use it to scam the public and commit fraud. Recently, various cases involving consumers who suffered losses of up to hundreds of thousands of ringgit have been exposed in the media and social media due to scams. As an industry forum tasked to empower the consumers, the Communications and Multimedia Consumer Forum of Malaysia (CFM) urges consumers to be more cautious when receiving suspicious calls and to be always aware of the scam techniques used by the syndicates.
The public should bear in mind that the main objective of these syndicates is to obtain personal banking details for them to defraud unsuspecting victims of their money. Their usual tactic is to gain the confidence of their potential victim by convincing that they represent banks or law-enforcement bodies. They would then intimidate and put fear in their potential victims by way of legal or financial threats and eventually influence the victims to share personal banking details that would allow them to withdraw the victims money from their bank accounts.
By using Caller ID Spoofing method where the scammers can manipulate the number appearing on the potential victims mobile phone, they will call a potential target and impersonate an officer to inform of their involvement in a criminal case, a legal suit, outstanding loans or credit card arrears where they will try to create a situation that causes the victim to become distressed and thus making the victim believe that the call is from a legitimate authority or agency.
“CFM advises consumers to be aware of the latest tactics used by scammers to deceive the public into becoming their victim. It is also very important for consumers to understand the implications of disclosing personal information arbitrarily to an unverified party. If you receive a suspicious call, CFM recommends consumers to contact the relevant institutions directly either by call to the official number or by going to their office in person to seek further clarification on the matter,” said CFM Chairman, Mohamad Yusrizal Dato' Yusoff.
Below are CFM's tips to avoid being a victim of fraud scam syndicates:
CFM'S TIPS TO AVOID BEING A VICTIM OF FRAUD SCAM SYNDICATES 1. Do not answer phone calls from unrecognized overseas numbers, unless they are in your contact list. 2. Do not give any personal data such as bank account number, online banking password, CVV code on your bank card nor the TAC number to an unknown person. If the person asks for information about your debit/credit card and online banking, it is best to terminate the call. 3. Should you receive a call from your bank or a law enforcement authority about any legal issue, take down particulars of the caller and inform them that you are unable talk at that moment and will call back. Do not panic and stay calm before calling your bank or the law-enforcement authority by using a number on their respective websites. Alternatively, go to their office in person to sort out any issues. 4. Do not download any applications if you are prompted to do so as it could contain Malware or Spyware that might reveal your personal details. 5. Contact your service provider if you repeatedly receive unrecognized calls. 6. Consumer can use Truecaller app that can identify and block spam calls.
Additionally, consumers should take more proactive measures to secure their personal data from being targeted and exposed to fraud syndicates without having to stop their online activities altogether. Below are some tips from CFM:
CFM'S RECOMMENDATIONS FOR CONSUMER TO SECURE PERSONAL DATA 1. Do not share your personal phone number to receive free gifts or promotional vouchers. CFM advises consumers to create an alternative email account if there is a need to register an email address with minimal identifiable personal information for free gifts and promotional vouchers. 2. Be careful when registering for any lucky draws and competitions. Read the terms of the competition carefully whether the organizer will share your data with other parties. 3. Be cautious when registering your personnel details at any website. Only give your telephone number if it is absolutely necessary. 4. Before downloading any application on your smartphone, read the privacy policy and get the correct information. Googling for an online review of the app should help you identify any fraudulent apps.
For more information on fraud scam, watch CFM's special interview in RTM's “Suara Kita, Hak Kita” at the following link: https://goo.gl/GLSw9o
CFM is always committed towards prioritizing consumer rights in the communications and multimedia industry. CFM offers a one-stop platform for consumers to get the right information and tips related to communications and multimedia services. Consumers can also seek redress to unresolved complaints with their service providers by calling the CFM toll-free line at 1-800-18-2222 or email to [email protected] .
This article is brought to you by CFM.
Darjeeling: The West Bengal hills saw widespread violence on Thursday as irate Gorkha Janmukti Morcha supporters torched a police outpost and stoned security forces in angry reaction to a police raid on party chief Bimal Gurung's house in Darjeeling district.
The GJM activists, with their women's wing Nari Morcha in the vanguard, virtually surrounded the police force as they were returning after the raid on Gurung's house in Patlebas, and started stoning the police from elevated areas in the hills.
Several police personnel were injured in the stoning. In response, the security forces lobbed tear gas shells at the protesters after a baton charge failed to control the situation. Large police reinforcements arrived in the area.
Some vehicles, including one belonging to a media house, were set on fire.
In neighbouring Kalimpong district, alleged GJM supporters torched the Pedong police outpost.
Accusing the state government of "high handedness and oppression", GJM general secretary Roshan Giri appealed to the central and state governments to intervene and sort out the "political problem".
"The GJM has not started the violence in the hills. The state government did. They are trying to suppress us using the police. To protest against the police high handedness, we are calling for an indefinite general strike in the hills," Giri said.
"This is a political problem, not a law and order situation. The Government of India and the government of West Bengal should solve it politically," Giri said.
Police raided Gurung's house on Thursday morning, amid the ongoing GJM-sponsored indefinite shut down in the hills, and said they have seized bows and arrows, knives, axes, explosives and a large quantity of cash.
"Two persons have been detained so far in the incident," Akhilesh Kumar Chaturvedi, the superintendant of police of Darjeeling district said.
"It seems that they gathered all these arms to attack the police. No peace loving person can have this amount of arms in store," they claimed.
Refuting the police allegations, Giri said the bows and arrows stored in the party office was for the annual archery programme of the local schools.
"What have they found? Bow and arrow? That is a traditional weapon in the hills. Those were stored for the annual archery programme of the nearby schools," Giri claimed.
Meanwhile, the women Morcha activists gathered outside Gurung's house in large numbers and demonstrated demanding a separate state of Gorkhaland.
"We want a separate Gorkhaland. We strongly condemn the raid and ransacking at our leaders house," a woman GJM activist asserted.
Terming the GJM's call for complete shut down as illegal and a crusade against the people, state Tourism Minister and Trinamool Congress leader Gautam Deb vowed to stop the strike at any cost.
"The High Court and the Supreme Court have already declared such strikes as illegal. This is a strike against the people of the hills. The state administration and the Trinamool leadership would unite the people of the hills to prevent the bandh," Deb said.
After the raid on Gurung's house, BJP national secretary Rahul Sinha claimed such "drastic steps" could worsen the situation in the hills and urged Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee to call for an all-party meeting in the hills to come up with a solution.
"Mamata Banerjee provoked the unrest in the hills and now they are making the situation even worse with these steps. They should immediately call an all-party meeting in Darjeeling to listen to their demands and sort out the situation," Sinha claimed.
They clarified that BJP was in no way supporting the GJM's demand for Gorkhaland.
Air China, China's national flag carrier, has decided to increase flights on the Beijing-Islamabad-Karachi route from four a week to seven starting October 29.
Air China had launched the route between China and Pakistan in October 2016, starting with three flights per week. More than 120,000 trips on the route were recorded till September this year.
Hu Haitao, manager of Air China's Islamabad office, said in a promotional event on Thursday that the increased flights will “better serve the exchanges between China and Pakistan in trade and culture.”
Meanwhile, Zhao Lijian, ministerial counsellor of the Chinese Embassy in Islamabad, said that the development of the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) has boosted the two countries' ties in politics, economy and science, providing a good opportunity for Air China to extend its business in Pakistan.
According to a recent poll by the Russian Public Opinion Research Center (VCIOM), the country's oldest and most respected polling agency, 30% of Russians believe that a war between Russia, the US and its NATO allies is either "very likely" or even "already underway."
Another 47% of respondents answered that such a war was "very unlikely," with 16% saying it was "absolutely inconceivable."
The figures mark a significant shift from polling conducted in March 2014, when only 20% of Russians had said that a war with the West was either 'very likely' or 'already underway'. In the 2014 poll, 76% of respondents said that war was either 'very unlikely' or 'absolutely inconceivable.' This month's polling shows that this sentiment has now slid down to 63%.
In the new poll, researchers found that Russians' attitudes toward US President Donald Trump have shifted significantly in the space of a single month. The share of 'negative' assessments jumped from 7% in March 2017 to 39% in April 2017, with the share of positive assessments down from 38% to 13%, respectively.
In the April 2017 poll, just 9% of respondents said that Russian-US relations were 'normal', down from 17% in March. 42% characterized relations as 'tense', up from 33% in March. 12% categorized them as 'hostile', up from 8% in March. 28% characterized them as cool, down from 30% in March. 5% characterized them as either 'friendly' or 'good neighborly', down from 9% in March.
VCIOM conducted its polling between April 11 and 12, interviewing 1,200 respondents via telephone in regions across Russia. The poll's margin of error does not exceed 3.5%.
Asked to comment on these results and their implications, independent political analyst Igor Nikolaichuk told Radio Sputnik that such alarmist sentiments are not unique to Russia, and are manifesting themselves throughout the world.
"Many similar surveys suggest unequivocally that public consciousness has approached a sort of 'horizon of war'," the analyst noted. "The idea that a war may soon begin is being thought about not just in Russia, but also in NATO countries and even in countries like Sweden. At the same time, not everyone can imagine clearly what kind of war to await."
"In the Baltic countries, for example, everyone is waiting for some kind of 'aggression' by Russia," Nikolaichuk noted. "This, of course, is based on hyped-up propaganda. In France, meanwhile, they're waiting for a war with migrants," the observer added.
"These alarmist moods are manifesting themselves all around the world," Nikolaichuk stressed. "The most important factor leading to this result is what we call an 'information war' – the exaggerated activity of the media, which whips up these moods. I think that the propaganda that is created in the framework of an information war has already become a strategic weapon," the analyst concluded.
For their part, independent geopolitical analyst Anatoly Baranov suggested that it's actually very difficult to judge just how justified the public's fears are, for several important reasons.
"As a military analyst, assessing the numbers and condition of accumulated armaments, and the state of mobilizational readiness of the military industry of both sides, the preparation of reserves, etc., I would say that the answer is: no. No one [in the world] is categorically prepared to wage a big war," Baranov explained.
"But as a political analyst, assessing the quality of decision-making by leaders, I wouldn't be so categorical," the expert added. "If the military-industrial complex can be managed from Twitter, then why not make decisions on war and peace based on sociological research?" Baranov sarcastically asked.
"Finally, as an economic analyst, I think it's worth recalling that world wars are classically seen as the way out of a global economic crisis," they warned.
Political scientist Igor Shatrov suggested that figure of 30% of Russians fearing war with the US was a disturbingly high one during peacetime. "This is a lot, and is a sign of Russians' distrust toward the United States. It's the result of the bellicose rhetoric that's now coming from the lips of US politicians. It's also a consequence of a lack of understand of Trump's position with respect to Russia, and the saber-rattling of US weapons which we have seen in recent weeks," the observer said.
Shatrov noted that that the recent US cruise missile attack on Syria "had a very significant role in 'adjusting' Russians' opinions." After all, whereas President Barack Obama had "distinguished themselves by attempts at economic and political pressure on Russia, Donald Trump has begun to flex their military muscles, demonstrating US power in the areas where the interests of our two countries collide directly."
© AP Photo/ Elise Amendola Russia Wants No Replay of Iraqi Scenario in Syria - Upper House Speaker
The analyst emphasized that today, they do not see any possibility for an actual military confrontation between major nuclear powers such as Russia, the US and China. "Rather, I think that a confrontation with the US is already taking place in the so-called 'hybrid' form- in the information sphere, in the economy. In Syria too, it has been shown that we stand on opposite sides of the barricades."
As far as ordinary Americans are concerned, Shatrov suggested that for most, Russia is neither a friend nor an outright foe. "That's about all that Americans, who are mostly interested in domestic politics, know about Russia. The almost complete lack of economic ties is also not conducive to a rapprochement of our peoples. At the same time, taking account of public opinion in determining foreign policy is necessary only if steps in the international arena directly affect internal politics."
Ultimately, the analyst said that as far as Washington is concerned, so long as the cool relations with Moscow do not affect the interests of ordinary Americans, the White House will not have to worry about serious domestic pressures to change course. "But it's another story as far as Europe is concerned, since European countries have broad economic ties with Russia. The US will have to take the interests of its allies into account," Shatrov concluded.
By SEAN MURPHY
Associated Press
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - A Republican lawmaker in Oklahoma wants some sex offenders to undergo so-called chemical castration under a bill he's introduced to add Oklahoma to a list of states where the punishment is on the books, but is rarely carried out.
State Rep. Rick West of Heavener says they filed the bill at the request of a constituent and that they fully intend to push for its passage. It's likely to face strong opposition, even in a conservative state with a tough-on-crime reputation.
If approved, Oklahoma would join at least seven other states with laws allowing chemical treatments that reduce male testosterone for certain sex offenders. Experts say the punishment is rarely carried out and one described it as a "half fantasy" version of criminal justice.
A law professor at University of California at Berkeley says evidence suggests such drugs are most effective when used voluntarily.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–Texas-Arlington-Georgia Tech Box
GEORGIA TECH 80, TEXAS-ARLINGTON 52
TEXAS-ARLINGTON (5-4)
Parker 0-0 0-0 0, VanDijk 2-7 4-6 8, Allen 7-26 6-8 22, McGowen 3-7 3-5 9, Richards 2-6 2-3 6, Johnson 0-0 0-0 0, Machado 1-3 1-2 3, Wright 0-0 0-0 0, Alexander 0-2 0-0 0, Billie 1-3 0-0 2, Evans 0-2 0-0 0, LeJune 1-1 0-0 2, Totals 17-57 16-24 52.
GEORGIA TECH (9-1)
Cubaj 4-7 1-2 9, Edeferioka 4-6 0-0 8, Fletcher 3-5 1-2 7, Pan 7-13 2-2 21, Scott 2-5 0-0 4, Brown 2-5 2-4 6, Fortune 0-0 0-0 0, O'Neil 4-7 2-2 10, Cummings 1-1 0-1 2, Peresson 0-2 0-0 0, Pugh 5-8 1-2 11, Tilford 1-2 0-2 2, Totals 33-61 9-17 80.
Texas-Arlington 6 13 19 14 —52 Georgia Tech 27 14 17 22 —80
3-Point Goals_Texas-Arlington 2-13 (Allen 2-10, Richards 0-1, Alexander 0-1, Billie 0-1), Georgia Tech 5-11 (Pan 5-7, Scott 0-2, Peresson 0-2). Assists_Texas-Arlington 5 (McGowen 2), Georgia Tech 16 (Pugh 5). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Texas-Arlington 34 (VanDijk 8), Georgia Tech 39 (Fletcher 11). Total Fouls_Texas-Arlington 14, Georgia Tech 23. A_1,863.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
ISLAMABAD: An Islamabad High Court (IHC) division bench on Monday adjourned the plea of Pakistan Telecommunications Authority (PTA) seeking a stay on the decision of a single judge bench against the suspension of mobile phone services on the pretext of security till Tuesday.
Justice Ather Minnallah had heard multiple petitions against suspension of mobile service by the PTA and reserved the judgment in September last year, which was announced on February 26 this year, according to which the government or the PTA was not vested with the power and jurisdiction to suspend cellular phone services on the ground of national security unless a state of emergency had been declared by the President of Pakistan.
The division bench comprising Justice Aamir Farooq and Justice Mohsin Akhtar Kayani heard the intra court appeal filed by the PTA challenging the single-member bench's decision.
During the course of proceedings, PTA's counsel Malik Nasir argued that the Authority had to suspend mobile phone services keeping in view security of the citizens.
Malik said different events would be organised in the Federal Capital on March 23 in connection with Pakistan Day with huge participation of people and in order to provide foolproof security mobile phone service would have to be suspended, therefore requested the bench to issue a stay order till the decision on the appeal.
The bench, however, rejected the request, observing that it would pass an order after examining grounds and legal aspects of the case.
"For as hard as they work, they do know how to cultivate real relationships, and I think that was really evident today." - Emily Ratajkowski at Jason Wu's 10th anniversary dinner. #wwdeye (📷: @joejoegrams)
Share. The Age of Ultron has come again. The Age of Ultron has come again.
At 11 issues (counting the #0 prelude and the recently announced Secret Empire #10), Secret Empire is easily one of Marvel's longer event comics. There's certainly plenty of ground for writer Nick Spencer to cover in those 11 issues, which makes the sometimes questionable storytelling choices in these last couple issues all the more strange. Secret Empire #4 largely succeeds as a standalone issue, but it spends too much time drifting away from the book's core conflicts.
Secret Empire #3 introduced a new X-factor to this already massive storyline with the addition of Ultron. Issue #4 sets about exploring how this long-time Avengers foe (now bonded with the human body of their creator) fits into the equation. Needless to say, Ultron's appearance throws the ongoing Avengers vs. Hydra feud for a loop. Much of this issue unfolds with both Captain America and Iron Man's teams stuck as prisoners at a "dinner party" thrown by the genial, cybernetic host. Many of the most memorable moments in Spencer's Marvel work are also their most absurd, and this premise plays directly to that strength. At the same time, it allows Spencer to again use Secret Empire as a commentary on the current state of the Marvel Universe, with Ultron echoing the familiar reader complaints about Marvel's heroes spending too much time fighting each other.
It's a memorable turn for the series, and one that maintains the trend of each new issue feeling wholly distinct from the ones that preceded it. And Spencer definitely writes a fun, unhinged Ultron. At the same time, the prolonged focus on Ultron does little to actually advance the larger narrative. If anything, it reads like a plot tangent, something that would have been better saved for a tie-in issue rather than a core chapter of Secret Empire.
As such, this issue has precious little room to further its other plot threads. Spencer doesn't even attempt to revisit those heroes trapped outside the shield wall or in the Darkforce Dimension, limiting their non-Ulton attentions mainly to Black Widow's team and the Hydra-affiliated Punisher. The latter character suffers especially. The idea that Frank Castle respects Steve Rogers so completely that he'd throw their hat in with fascists in fascinating, but it's one that needs full, proper examination. What exactly is motivating Frank here? How can they turn a blind eye to Hydra's atrocities, both before and during the events of Secret Empire? It's frustrating that this series is so lengthy yet still seems so hard-pressed to cover all the necessary bases.
The Black Widow/Champions scenes are handled well, at least, with Natsha's pragmatism increasingly putting them at odds with the idealism of these younger heroes. Nor does Spencer treat the situation as a clear-cut case of black and white. Conversely, the opening scene of "Good Steve Rogers" offers the one ray of light and hope in an otherwise grim story.
This issue welcomes Leinil Yu into the fold, though Yu is also joined by guest artist Joshua Cassara and Rod Reis continues to render the dreamlike "Good Steve Rogers" scenes. It's not an entirely cohesive mix, though that problem is minimized by the fact that the three artists are separated into distinct sections. Cassara's pages capture the grim tone of the script well enough, but lack the energy and power of Yu's work. Yu, for their part, strikes a happy medium between the clean, refined style of Steve McNiven and the more surreal approach of Andrea Sorrentino. Often my main complaint with Yu's work is that it lacks the vivid colors it needs to truly pop, but that's not really an issue with a story like this.
Secret Empire #4 There is a power that can either save the world or doom it! Both Steve Rogers and the heroes arrayed against them need this power! But unfortunately for all of them, the key to possessing this power lies in the hands of the unstoppable Ultron! LIVE IN X-CITING TIMES! SECRET EMPIRE! Get Deal
HAMBURG (Reuters) - A German university teaching hospital that has been caught up in an outcry over testing the impact of nitrogen dioxide on humans said on Friday there was no danger to the people involved.
Aachen University's teaching hospital became embroiled in the saga after a German newspaper reported German carmarkers had sponsored scientific experiments testing nitrogen dioxide, a gas found in exhaust fumes, on the people.
The study was promoted by the European Research Group on Environment and Health in the Transport Sector (EUGT), Stuttgarter Zeitung said.
The New York Times reported last month that Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE), BMW (BMWG.DE) and Daimler (DAIGn.DE) had also funded EUGT to commission separate tests on monkeys, which the Aachen team was not involved with.
Reuters could not confirm the details and purpose of the monkey study and EUGT, which was dissolved last year, could not be reached for comment.
Volkswagen, Daimler and BMW denounced the monkey study, the revelation of which is the latest aftershock from the VW emissions-rigging scandal, which continues to rock the auto industry.
The university team had already confirmed on Monday that EUGT had sponsored their human study in 2013 and 2014 but said it was related to workplace safety, not diesel emissions.
Slideshow (5 Images)
RWTH Aachen will pay more attention to the source of funding for such studies in the future, the university told a news conference on Friday.
As part of the study, 25 people were exposed to varying levels of nitrogen dioxide for three hours to investigate the possible health effects of the chemical compound in concentrations below the limit for workplaces, RWTH Aachen said its statement on Monday.
“The concentration of nitrogen oxide had been very low, not to harm the people being tested. We used very sensitive devices to detect possible respiratory reactions,” Thomas Kraus, director of the institute, told the news conference on Friday.
“These are reactions of the immune system which can be measured with sensitive methodology, but which are far from a danger to a subject, because they are very quickly reversible ... There were no lasting changes.”
Kraus, who specializes in occupational and environmental medicine, said “at the time, we had no idea” about the monkey testing.
“In hindsight it has to be said EUGT's behaviour was problematic,” they told reporters.
EUGT, created by Volkswagen, Daimler and BMW in 2007, was disbanded last year. The carmakers have since condemned EUGT's work and suspended employees who were working for the group.
By Jason Keidel
There were ample plots and subplots to the Rams-Eagles game yesterday, and yet they were all buried by the end of a fantastic contest, one that lived up to the billing, the teams, and their resumes.
At the end of the game the expected narratives seemed to be flipped on their heads. Though the Eagles won, they seemed to have lost their leader, the best player, and likely NFL MVP, QB Carson Wentz. (That impression has since been confirmed.) Not only did Wentz toss one TD pass after another, they kept slinging even after they dove into the end zone, took a limb-crunching shot, and shredded their left ACL. Limping and wincing throughout, Wentz kept playing until they couldn't, and was forced under that makeshift blue medical tent, where their day — and their season — seemed to end.
So a win felt like a loss for Philly. And perhaps the Rams felt a bit like they won. Though the scoreboard said one thing, the Rams now find a gentler playoff path that won't include Carson Wentz. And with the Vikings losing to the Panthers yesterday, the Rams still have an outside shot to host some playoff games.
At the end, the wildly entertaining, high-scoring, pyrotechnic 43-35 score in favor of Philadelphia left us with endless scripts, twisting paths to the playoffs and, possibly, the Super Bowl.
>>WATCH: The NFL on CBS All Access – Try It Free
Not that the Eagles are tossing in any towels. Nick Foles finished what Wentz started. And Philadelphians will recall that Foles once started a season for the Eagles, and finished it quite well. It was a season that ended with a playoff birth, with Foles posting PlayStation numbers. Indeed, the year was 2013, and Foles threw 27 touchdowns and just two interceptions in 10 games, stats that would even make Aaron Rodgers blush. The Eagles went 8-2 in the games Foles started, and they led the NFL in yards per attempt, yards per completion, and passer rating (119.2).
With Wentz finished — the somber word just came down from head coach Doug Pederson — Foles is, at least, the best backup in the NFL. Or at least the most accomplished, with a career record of 20-16. And Foles is familiar with the turbulent, predatory fan base of Philadelphia, perhaps the most ornery in America. If Foles fails, it will be based on their merit, not their makeup.
For the Rams, they at least walk, not limp, away with their QB Jared Goff in good health. Though they lost the game, they still posted 35 points against a top-three defense. Todd Gurley gained 136 total yards and scored two touchdowns. Goff completed 62 percent of their passes, for two touchdowns (0 INT) and a robust 110.9 passer rating.
The Rams (9-4) are two games behind the Eagles (11-2) with three games to play, so the No. 1 seed is likely doomed. The Vikings (10-3) are one game up on the Rams, and beat Los Angeles a few weeks ago. But with some luck and a winning streak, the Rams will at least win the NFC West, and perhaps bag the second or third seed in the NFC, which will get them a playoff game at the Los Angeles Coliseum. If a second-year QB can win Comeback Player of the Year, it would be Goff. And if a rookie coach could win Coach of the Year, then strong consideration should go to Rams head man Sean McVay.
>>MORE: Commentary from CBS Local Sports Voices
Perhaps the only better candidate is the man McVay failed to beat yesterday — Mr Pederson — who is leading the Eagles to their best season since their Super Bowl run in 2005, if not their only other Super Bowl club, in 1980.
So Philadelphia has a gold-plated path to the top spot in the NFC and a frigid, Philly advantage in the playoffs. The question they didn't want to answer but must, is can they reach the Super Bowl through their home-field edge in Pennsylvania, without the Governor of Wentzylvania under center?
Jason writes a weekly column for CBS Local Sports.  They are a native New Yorker, sans the elitist sensibilities, and believes there's a world west of the Hudson River. A Yankees devotee and Steelers groupie, they have been scouring the forest of fertile NYC sports sections since the 1970s. They have written over 500 columns for WFAN/CBS NY, and also worked as a freelance writer for Sports Illustrated and Newsday subsidiary amNew York. They made their bones as a boxing writer, occasionally covering fights in Las Vegas, Atlantic City, but mostly inside Madison Square Garden. Follow them on Twitter @JasonKeidel.
“It was a frustratingly long wait for Apple to finally launch AirPlay 2, adding stereo pairing to HomePod – along with multi-room playback from an iOS device and more,” Ben Lovejoy writes for 9to5Mac. “If you haven't already updated, you'll need to upgrade to iOS 11.4, and then update your speakers. I did that yesterday, finding it a largely painless process, through there were a couple of glitches which I'll get to.”
“That done, I was finally able to find out how a pair of HomePods sound,” Lovejoy writes. “First, it was a huge relief to be back to stereo sound… Second, the increased volume of a pair of HomePods was, as Rolls-Royce used to famously understate about the power of their engines, sufficient… Third, the bass performance of a pair of HomePods is very substantially better than a single one.”
“I mentioned that there were a couple of glitches with the update. For a short time after the update, the Home app was complaining that the relocated HomePod wasn't responding. I force-quit the app and then all was fine,” Lovejoy writes. “Additionally, when testing AirPlay from iTunes, the paired HomePods didn't initially show up. Quitting and restarting iTunes didn't cure it, however that resolved itself within a couple of minutes.”
Much more in the full article here.
OTTAWA - Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will announce a $1.28-billion commitment Thursday for a major Montreal rail project that will connect the city to its suburbs and to its international airport.
Trudeau will make the transit announcement in the city's central station where they will be joined by Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard, Montreal Mayor Denis Coderre and Michael Sabia, the head of the province's public pension fund manager.
A federal source tells The Canadian Press the commitment will either come in the form of a grant via Ottawa's infrastructure-funding agreement with Quebec or possibly through the Trudeau government's proposed infrastructure bank.
The infrastructure bank is designed to use public funds as a way to leverage billions more from private investors to pay for new, large-scale projects, such as rail lines, bridges and transit systems.
The government source, who was not authorized to speak publicly on the matter, says the $5.5-billion Montreal transit proposal fits many of the prerequisites the bank will be looking for — but notes it will ultimately be up to bank officials to decide.
The Liberal government has said the Trudeau cabinet will also have the power to refuse projects approved by the bank in order to protect the interests of Canadians.
In January 2015, the Quebec government and the province's public pension fund manager announced an agreement to build the electric light-rail network.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Beijing SL Pharmaceutical Co Ltd
* Says its pharmaceutical unit received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Henan Food and Drug Administration
* Certificate issued to antineoplastic manufactured by the unit and the valid period is until Jan. 26, 2023
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/1KLhES
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
TORONTO — Several houses under construction have been heavily damaged in a fire in northeast Toronto.
Toronto police say they were called to the Scarborough area (near Buena Vista Avenue and Southlawn Drive) around 10:40 p.m. last night on reports of a fire.
They say at least four houses were damaged and several nearby homes were evacuated.
Police say no injuries were reported and those evacuated were offered shelter in Toronto Transit Commission buses.
For the latest and best deals Like us at Facebook.com/DEALBOSS and follow us on Twitter @DEALBOSS.
GET THE DEAL HERE: $100 Off iDeaUSA v402 Active Noise Canceling Wireless Headphones + Free Delivery
It's an opening statement you can feel good writing: the single best pair of headphones we've tested this year are proudly made in the United States!
Last week I featured self-charging sports earbud-type headphones and heard from many of you looking for over-the-ear alternatives with noise cancelation. In my quest to save you cash and test the best tech, get ready for the savings!
The noise-canceling iDEAUSA headphones had better sound quality and battery life than comparable headphones by both Beats By Dre and Bose within the same price range.
Beats Studio Wireless Headphones Price: $379 (on sale for $206) had 11 hours of battery life.
The iDeaUSA headphones At $99.99 today performed for almost 15 hours in our tests with better sound quality.
The v402 active noise canceling headphones are ideal for travel, blocking out the world, streaming and immersing yourself in a high fidelity audio environment that's completely unparalleled. Hearing is believing and the price today is hard to believe on its own.
You can read the reviews of iDeaUSA headphones on Amazon where the prices are quite a bit higher than what I found.
Click the play button to see these headphones in action!
- A whopping 14 hours of battery life in our tests (most headphones offer 8 hours)!
- Headphones quickly charge in around 2 hours
- Incredible active noise cancellation
- Smart headphones automatically convert to Bluetooth headset when a call comes in!
- Streams with virtually any smartphone, tablet or Bluetooth device from 35 feet away
- Hi-Fi audio is top notch for gaming, movies, sports and TV streaming
- Extremely light-weight
- Feature an aptx codec for incredible audio playback unheard of at this price
- Ideal for any commute or travel
- Folds for travel, with all accessories and carrying case included- Works with virtually any Bluetooth audio device, Apple, Android and Windows
- Lowest-recorded price
$100 Off iDeaUSA v402 Active Noise Canceling Wireless Headphones + Free Delivery
Was: $199.99
Now: $99.99
MORE FROM DEALBOSS:
Matt Granite is a freelance consumer reporter who produces stories and video for this Station, Amazon Live and others.  They are not compensated by the brands featured here. This Station and its parent company may receive a share of the revenue from the site that sells the product if you purchase one of these products using the link on this page.
© 2018 TEGNA MEDIA
NEW YORK (AP) - Graduate teaching and research assistants at Columbia University have walked off the job to try to pressure the university to recognize their decision to unionize.
The graduate students set up a picket line outside the main campus administration building Tuesday. They say their strike will last one week.
Teaching and research assistants at Columbia voted overwhelmingly in 2016 for representation by the United Auto Workers. The university said in January that it would not bargain with the graduate students.
Provost John Coatsworth said the university would instead ask a federal appeals court to rule on whether student assistants are workers with the right to collective bargaining.
Columbia administrators did not immediately comment on the strike.
The last day of classes at Columbia is April 30. Finals start May 4.
First Fridays are always a fun time in downtown Sioux Falls and this event adds even more activities for families to share. The Downtown Library at 200 North Dakota Avenue, is throwing a bash to celebrate their summer reading programs for children and teens on Friday, June 1, from 6 to 8 PM.
They'll have two food trucks there, so you can plan to make an evening of it, starting with supper. There will live entertainment from the Hanson Family, 5 kids plus mom and dad, who do amazing unicycle tricks and the "Juggling Tornado of Doom"!
They'll also have some water games, (so you may want to bring some extra clothes in case you get wet) rock-painting, and music. Teens can sharpen their puzzle-solving skills by participating in a Stranger Things escape room (on-site registration required; first-come, first-served). Of course there will be plenty of information about their "Libraries Rock" music-themed summer reading programs.
The programs for young kids and teens runs from June 1 through July 31. There are some really nice gift basket prizes to be won just for doing something you'll love, reading. The more books you read the better your chances of winning some great stuff, like:
A Disney prize basket - coloring book, dvd and more
A Lego prize basket - Lego kit, books and more
An Art gift basket - colored pencils, paints, sketch book and more
A Slime gift basket - Everything you need to have Slime fun
A cooking gift basket - cookbook, pans, spatulas and more
Anime, Harry Potter, Fantasy, DC Comics gift baskets and lots of others!
For more information call 605-367-8700m go to Siouxland Libraries and follow them on Facebook.
See Also:
The Golden Globe nominations were, as per usual, a mixed bag (full list here). For every inspired nod (congrats, Rachel Brosnahan!) there was one that had me scratching the skin off my scalp (nothing for The Leftovers?!). So without further adieu, I give you the good, the bad and the downright ugly from this year's list.
I'm Super-Ecstatic About:
* Amazon's The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel sneaking into the super-competitve the best comedy series category. Also: The asupervisorstioned Brosnahan scoring a nod for their breakout performance in the title role.
* Will & Grace getting the best comedy nod after a decade away.
* GLOW‘s Alison Brie!
* Insecure‘s Issa Rae!
* Stranger Things' fantastic second season getting recognized in the best drama slot.
* All of the limited-series love for Big Little Lies and FEUD: Bette and Joan.
* This Is Us‘ Sterling Brown getting a nod after being snubbed last year.
* The nods for Master of None and star Aziz Ansari.
* The strong showing for (likely frontrunner and recent Emmy winner) The Handmaid's Tale. Golden Globes 2018: Biggest Snubs Launch Gallery
I'm Rolling My Eyes About:
* The Globes' infuriating tradition of lumping every single genre in the supporting acting races. Enough. (Yes, I copied and pasted this directly from last year's Snappy Js. And I will continue to do so until something changes.)
I'm Super-Pissed About:
* Zilch for Sam Heughan? Again!
* GLOW failing to secure the best comedy nod for its inspired debut season. I also would've liked to have seen Betty Gilpin get recognized alongside Brie.
* The Leftovers getting zilch.
* The omission of Insecure from the best comedy race.
* Tracee Ellis Ross getting bupkis for black-ish.
* Nada for Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt‘s Titus Burgess (the Lemonade parody!)
Market Highlights:
Automation as a Service (SDP) can be defined as the process of assimilating all domain and functionality tools into various automation layers to have unified interface for all workflows. It can also be defined as the process of automating events, processes, tasks and business functions.
Organizations are developing their techniques and solutions to gain more visibility in complex architecture. With the right solutions, they can automate the business processes with more efficiency. Automation-as-a-service enhance mechanizing business processes for quick task resolution, without wasting time on repetitive tasks. It enables organizations to maintain all the transaction records and provides the required security and privacy of the data which is a major concern for organizations. Thereby, the finance vertical is estimated to have the largest market share in 2023.
IBM is yet another key player in automation as a service market. Sysco delivers automation service to their customers with IBM cloud automation services. Through automation service, Sysco has witnessed a decrease in critical incidents, increased server uptime and much more. According to MRFR, The Global Automation as a Service Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of approximately 29% during the forecast period 2017-2023.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5551
Major Key Players
Automation Anywhere, Inc. (U.S.),
Blue Prism Group Plc. (U.K),
International Business Machines Corporation (U.S.),
Microsoft Corporation (U.S.),
UiPath (U.S.),
HCL Technologies Limited (India),
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP (U.S.),
Kofax Inc. (U.S.),
NICE Ltd. (Israel), and Pegasystems Inc.(U.S.) and others.
Industry Segments
The automation as a service market is segmented on the basis of type, component, organization size, deployment, application, and vertical. On the basis of component, the market is divided into solutions & service. The service segment further comprises of professional services and managed services. The professional service segment further consists of deployment & integration, consulting services and support & training. The deployment basis of market segmentation is divided into on-premise and cloud. The organization size segment of the market is segmented into large enterprises and small & medium enterprises. Moreover, by application, the market comprises sales and marketing, operations, of information technology (IT), finance and human resources (HR).Finally on the basis of end-user segment the market is segmented into healthcare and life science, telecommunications and IT, transportation and logistics, retail & wholesales, BFSI, media and entertainment, hospitality and others.
Regional Analysis
The global automation as a service market is studied for Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, and Rest of the World. It has been observed that North America region accounts for the largest share in the global Automation as a Service market. Owing to technological advancement, well-established IT infrastructure, adoption of advanced technology across numerous industries. Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing owing to the presence of small and medium enterprises that mostly adopt cloud-based applications. Further, the increase in adoption of automation and cloud technologies among enterprise, and government initiatives, for development of smart cities in the APAC countries, that includes China, India, and Taiwan is aiding the market growth.
Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/automation-as-a-service-market-5551
Intended Audience
KARACHI: Five suspects were apprehended during various search operations carried out by Rangers in different areas of the metropolis Monday night.
In a raid by the Rangers in Lyari's Bihar Colony and Sango Lane locales two suspects were arrested, who, the authorities said, were associated with the Aziz Baloch group, which is involved in the area's infamous gang war.
During their operation, rangers conducted a door-to-door search in the area as well.
On the other hand, police raided a gutka factory in Iqbal Market of the city's Orangi Town area, arresting three suspects.
[India], Apr. 24 (ANI): Commemorating the first death anniversary of the 25 Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) jawans, who lost their lives in a Naxal attack in Sukma's Burkapal, the Commandant CRPF, 74th Battalion, Parveen Kumar, pledged to not let their sacrifice go in vain.
"On first death anniversary of 25 CRPF jawans who lost their lives in Sukma's Burkapal last year we have determined that we will not allow their sacrifice to go in vain," said Kumar.
On April 24th, 2017, in what turned out to be one of the deadliest attacks on security forces, nearly 300 Naxals ambushed a CRPF patrol belonging to the 74th battalion, claiming 25 lives and injuring a further 6. (ANI)
CHARLOTTESVILLE, vA. (Reuters) - At least one vehicle hit a crowd of people gathered in a Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday, hours after police broke up a clash between white nationalists and counter-protesters, according to witnesses, but it was not clear whether the incident was connected to the earlier melee.
The accident involved three vehicles, and there were multiple injuries, Charlottesville city spokesperson Miriam Dickler said in a text message.
At least four injured people were spotted at the location where the vehicle struck demonstrators, including one person who was taken away on a stretcher by paramedics. Multiple ambulances were on the scene soon after the early-afternoon incident.
Charlottesville police said in a statement on Facebook that they and Virginia State Police were at the scene of the incident in the city's downtown.
The GNU Guix transactional package manager can be made to run on Android smartphones/tablets, but not without lots of hoops to jump through first.Julien Lepiller of the Guix project has managed to get Guix working on their Android smartphone and has written a lengthy blog post detailing the steps to get this package manager working on rooted Android devices. To do so you need to mount the relevant partitions manually, install Guix via the ADB, and run several commands before the Guix package manager is hopefully in place and working. To streamline Guix support on Android, you would need to modify the boot image, which is a challenge itself.Should you be interested in experimenting with Guix on Android, all the details can be found at GNU.org
© Sputnik/ Mikhail Fomichev Pakistan Looking Forward to More Bilateral Military Exercises With Russia
–
KARACHI (Sputnik)Islamabad is considering the expanding of the contract on the delivery of the Mil Mi-35 helicopters from Russia, a high-ranking military official in Pakistan told Sputnik.
"Pakistan considers expending the existing Mi-35 helicopters contract with Russia, a number of additional machines will depend on our budget. According to the existing contract, Russia will supply 4 pieces to Pakistan," the official said.
The Mi-35 is a modern multipurpose attack helicopter, equipped with the latest navigation and avionics technology, capable of operating in high temperatures and in mountainous terrain. It can also be used for medical and transportation purposes.
Moscow and Islamabad concluded a contract on the delivery of 4 such helicopters in August 2015.
Pakistan may consider purchase of different types of Russia's military equipment including its advanced S-400 air defense systems, a high-ranking military official in Pakistan said.
"Russia has good tanks, helicopters, electronic equipment, air defense systems that Pakistan may consider. S-400 is a big ticket number and it will all depend on our budget," the official said.
The S-400 Triumf is Russia's next-generation air defense system, carrying three different types of missiles capable of destroying aerial targets at a short-to-extremely-long range. The weapon is capable of tracking and destroying all existing aerial targets, including ballistics and cruise missiles.
By now, the contract on systems' delivery has been finalized only with China.
Islamabad has no plans to purchase Russia's Sukhoi Su-35 fighter jets at the moment, a high-ranking military official stated.
"As of today, Pakistan has no plan to purchase Russia's Su-35 fighter jets," the official said.
The Su-35 is a 4++ generation aircraft employing technologies of the fifth generation, designed by the Sukhoi Aviation Holding Company, which belongs to the United Aircraft Corporation. The fighter jet (NATO reporting name Flanker-E) is an upgraded version of the Su-27 multirole fighter. It was first introduced to a foreign audience at the 2013 Paris Air Show.
In September 2016, Shahab Qadir Khan, deputy director of export promotion services in the Pakistani Defense Export Promotion Organization, told Sputnik that Pakistan was negotiating a deal on Su-35 and Su-37 jets with Russia.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
TORONTO — Canada's Walk of Fame stars might be headed to a new, nearby galaxy.
CEO Jeffrey Latimer says the Walk of Fame is in talks with a city of Toronto councillor about including the stars in a revitalization plan for the downtown John Street strip.
The area isn't far from where the stars currently lie, in the entertainment district along King Street West.
But making the granite slabs part of a more pedestrian-friendly John Street project could give them a more prominence in the area, says Latimer.
"A lot of people will walk along King Street and look down and go, 'Oh my gosh, there's a star.' They'll fall into it. They'll, by accident, find someone's star and think, 'That's cool,'" they said Wednesday in a phone interview.
"No one dislikes it — it's just not really focused."
Latimer has been making a number of changes as leader of the Walk of Fame, a role they were hired for last year. Many of those efforts have centered on raising the profile of the honour.
Having the stars in a centralized home that Toronto considers a "cultural corridor" might ensure they're better maintained by the city, which is responsible for their upkeep, they added.
"We've had different people joke that there's gum on their stars and dirt on their stars and chips in the cement," Latimer said.
"We have one big difference between Hollywood's Walk of Fame and Toronto's Walk of Fame and that's called 'winter.'"
VANCOUVER - A chicken-catching company at the centre of an animal cruelty investigation in British Columbia says it will require staff to wear body cameras after an animal advocacy group released video of alleged abuse.
Dwayne Dueck, president of Elite Services in Chilliwack, says it will be mandatory for one supervisor and two staff members in each barn to wear cameras on their vests, and the video will be reviewed at the end of each day.
The announcement comes after the SPCA in British Columbia launched an investigation following the release of undercover video by Mercy for Animals that shows workers allegedly hitting, kicking and throwing chickens.
A statement from Elite Services says six staff members have now been fired, including two who were let go prior to the video being released, three who were fired immediately after, and one more who was terminated after the company did a "detailed forensic review" of the video.
Investigators with the SPCA are working on a report that will be forwarded to Crown counsel and SPCA spokesperson Marcie Moriarty says the organization will recommend multiple charges of animal cruelty under both the Criminal Code and the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act.
The statement from Elite Services says the company hopes the "senseless acts of violence" in the footage will help implement new levels of animal care across the industry.
The company says it is updating its standards and procedures, undertook organization-wide retraining on Wednesday, and all employees will be asked to sign documents affirming they understand the company's care and concern procedures.
"It is our intent to share the experience of our new best practices with industry regulators, and adopt other best practices from cutting edge producers," the statement says.
WASHINGTON — The Maryland Renaissance Festival is right around the corner, and for nine weekends starting on Aug. 26, it will transform Crownsville, Maryland, into the fictional village of Revel Grove in Oxfordshire, England.
The 15th-century village will be lined with artisan jewelry and pottery gift shops, pubs and food vendors that boast dishes such as steak on a stake, smoked turkey legs and chicken on a lance, to name a few. In its 41st season, the festival brings acrobatics, jousting, stage fighting and more to its 11 stages throughout the 25-acre village.
Every year, the festival emulates a year under the rule of King Henry VIII, and this year the storyline covers King Henry's infatuation with Anne Boleyn and the subsequent drama that will ruin their marriage with Queen Catherine of Aragon.
“History buffs and people that love a good love triangle will enjoy this year's storyline,” said Carolyn Spedden, the Renaissance Festival's artistic director.
They added that while a lot of the acts and performances are repeated throughout the day, the re-enactment of the royal romantic drama, or Royal Court Events, are only performed once a day.
Spedden said that for first-time attendees, the diversity of things to do and acts to see is often a lot to take in.
“The scope of it really shocks people,” Spedden said. “‘I had no idea it was this big,' is what a lot of people that come for the first time say. And it is big, in the sense that you can't see everything in one day.”
“From symphonies to opera to theater to NASCAR, there tends to be a demographic for that. That's not true at the festival,” said Spedden. “It's very unusual, to see such a range of people come. From families, to single people to seniors. It's a fun people-watching place because there are people with really different backgrounds and interests that come.”
In terms of attendance, The Maryland Renaissance Festival is the second largest Renaissance Festival in the country, according to Spedden; It has been around since 1977.
Spedden's No. 1 tip for first time goers?
“We encourage everyone to come early” said Spedden. “Everybody waits till October, so it gets really crowded.”
To encourage people to come earlier in the season, the first three weeks of the festival are discounted, said Spedden.
The fair runs on weekends for the duration of almost two months. Here are the dates, ticket prices and everything else you need to know to prepare to step into the 15th century in the coming months:
Dates for this year's festival:
Aug. 26 and 27
All Saturdays and Sundays in September and Monday, Sept. 4.
Saturdays and Sundays in October until Oct. 22
Doors open at 10 a.m.
Tickets (regular prices):
Adults (Ages 16-21): $25
Seniors (Ages 62+): $21
Children (Ages 7-15): $10
Children under 7 years old get in free and do not require a ticket.
For discounted ticket prices during the first three weekends, as well as two-day passes, season passes and other ticketing options, visit the Maryland Renaissance Festival website.
This year's entertainment schedule includes Royal Court Events and other planned performances and activities throughout the 11 stages in the fair.
Rules:
No refunds or rain checks will be granted.
No pets allowed, except trained service animals,
No weapons.
Smoking only allowed in designated smoking areas
Costumes encouraged.
Below is a map where this year's Renaissance Festival will take place:
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
Bleacher Report's Mike Freeman reports that several NFL players are plotting out various ways to get around the league's new anthem policy.
According to Freeman, “As the national anthem plays across NFL fields next season, you might see a handful of players raising their fists.
“Others might sit on the bench. Or stay in the tunnel. They could wear hats with a message on them. They may kneel momentarily between quarters of a game.”
The NFL recently created a new policy regarding player conduct during the anthem. The new rule announced on May 23 maintains that players can stay in the locker room if they are not interested in standing for the anthem but that if they do take to the sidelines, they must stand during the song.
If a player comes to the sidelines and does not respect the anthem, the player's team will get fined. In addition, the team would have the right to enforce additional discipline on the player as they see fit.
One player told Freeman, “We won't allow the NFL or Trump to bully us.”
It does appear, however, that the players have some support to fall back on. According to Freeman, NFL coaches strongly disapprove of the new anthem policy.
Freeman explains:
Several assistants said the mandate potentially could create massive locker room issues that coaches will have to calm. When kneeling, players were on the field with teammates. Some coaches fear that if protesting players stay in the locker room while others are on the field, it would lead to more of a divide. One coach feared a plausible scenario where some players stay in the locker room during the anthem to avoid the team getting fined, some players protest on the field not caring about the fines and other players do neither. Teams could have three different groups of players doing three different things.
Whether players partake in all or none of these alternative methods of protest, remains to be seen. However, it looks like this most recent anthem policy change may not be the last.
Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter @themightygwinn
July 4 (UPI) -- Israeli authorities on Wednesday demolished nine houses and three other structures used for agricultural purposes at the Bedouin village of Abu Nawwar near the West Bank settlement of Ma'ale Adumim.
In Abu Nawwar, the B'Tselem rights group told the Times of Israel that 62 people, half of them minors, were left homeless. Israeli authorities demolished a school in the community in February, saying it had been illegally built.
The community is home to 687 Palestinians, with 65 percent children, Daoud Jahaleen, a spokesperson for the community, told Anadolu Agency.
Also Wednesday, residents of the Bedouin village in Khan al-Ahmar clashed with Israeli police during a protest against the evictions and impending demolition. Police said in a statement that 11 people were arrested during disturbances at the site, some for throwing rocks at officers.
Residents of Khan al-Ahmar and protesters attempted to block construction equipment from advancing as it was moved into the area to pave an access road for the demolition. Some climbed onto a bulldozer.
On Tuesday night, Israel's Civil Administration hung notices around Khan al-Ahmar, warning they will be evicted. No timeline was given.
Israeli officials said the homes were built without permits. Israel wants to expand the settlement of Kfar Adumim.
Officials plan to move the residents to Al Jabel, a village near the Abu Dis garbage dump.
Several dozen families from the Bedouin clan of Jahalin moved to the village after their expulsion from the Negev in the 1950s. Homes were built on state-owned land.
On May 24, three Supreme Court justices, Noam Sohlberg, Anat Baron and Yael Willner, allowed the state to demolish the homes.
Around 7,000 people from 46 Bedouin communities live in the area.
"We are concerned about all of them," Liz Throssell, a spokesperson for the Office of the United Nations Commissioner for Human Rights, said in an U.N. release Tuesday.
They said "people would lose their homes, children would lose their schools" and residents "would lose their community."
International humanitarian law prohibits the forced transfer of the population of an occupied territory, regardless of the motive, they noted.
I guess we should have known. Despite knowing through painful experience that we should never get our hopes up – let alone buy into the ‘bookies' favourites' tag – many of us really thought that England might win the Champions Trophy.
Yeah right.
The bottom line is, and always was if we're being honest, that our white ball revolution was hollow. And this was cruelly exposed yesterday at Cardiff.
When the wicket's good for batting, England is a good side that can out-hit the best of them. But when conditions are trickier, and intelligence is required, our white ball specialists just can't hack it.
I guess that's what excessive range-hitting, and a dereliction of proper batting skills, will do to you.
England's white ball revolution has been exposed as a brainless one. It has created a side that only has one gear; a side that cannot think on its feet; a side that can only succeed on belting wickets. And is it really a surprise? England are, after all, a team of belters rather than proper players (with one or two notable exceptions).
The uncomfortable truth for Andrew Strauss, whose has prioritised the creation of this supposedly modern white ball side, is that England might have won this game – or at least made it more competitive – if the old guard had been playing.
I doubt a team with proper batsmen like Ian Bell (still our record ODI run scorer), Jonathan Trott and, dare I say it, Alastair Cook, would have capitulated so meekly when confronted with a pitch that was tired but hardly a minefield.
I was never Ashley Giles's greatest fan, but their team probably would have posted 270 or 280 on this pitch, and given themselves a chance of putting Pakistan under pressure. It's worth pointing out, of course, that Giles's team reached the final of the Champions Trophy last time it was played on our shores.
Andrew Strauss, thus far, has therefore failed. Sacrifices have been made, more English players are playing in the IPL, yet we lost in humiliating fashion to a country that doesn't have any players in the IPL at all.
And we still sit, rather modestly, in 4th place in the ICC rankings … having just lost at home to a side ranked 8th … a side derided before this tournament as an anachronism.
Pakistan are, after all, exactly the type of old fashioned team that Andrew Strauss didn't want England to be: a side that rarely scores 300.
Sure England are a flashier side these days, but are they actually any better? Good on Pakistan I say.
When I met Atherton, Hussain, Lloyd and Botham at Lord's last month, I asked them whether Strauss would prefer to win the Champions Trophy or the test series against South Africa this summer. They all looked thoughtful and struggled to give a definitive answer. Make no mistake about it; Strauss was heavily invested in winning this tournament. And England has failed badly when it mattered most.
Of course, if England win the world cup in two years time, then nobody will care what happened yesterday in Cardiff, and Strauss will be completely vindicated. However, on yesterday's evidence it looks like a long shot. Let's hope that England manage to find a plan B over the course of the next two years.
I don't want to go into too much detail about the specifics of yesterday's game as you all know the story: too many poor shots from a team that panicked when it realised a total of 300 was getting out of reach. The shots played by Alex Hales, Eoin Morgan and Moeen Ali were particularly lamentable.
When it came to Pakistan's innings, they cruised to victory because they knew exactly what score they were aiming for. England's big mistake was failing to figure out what a good score was.
I think it's safe to say that England's batsmen are all brilliant at using the muscles in their arms. But when it comes to using the muscle that matters most – the one between their ears – they're about as useful as a punctured diaphragm.
James Morgan
TCU pitcher Sean Wymer is charged by teammates after striking out the final hitter in an 8-1 victory against Missouri State to clinch a Super Regional series, resulting in the Horned Frogs' fourth consecutive trip to the College World Series. Jim Cowsert AP
ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — Wisconsin tight end Troy Fumagalli made a leaping 8-yard touchdown catch in the fourth quarter and the Badgers won 24-16 in the Cotton Bowl on Monday to deny Western Michigan an undefeated season.
The TD catch by Fumagalli with 14 minutes left, in the back of the end zone between two defenders, came three plays after a rare interception thrown by Zach Terrell and made it 24-10.
With their “Row The Boat” mentality inspired by young head coach P.J. Fleck, the Broncos (13-1) made it from one win during their first season in Kalamazoo three years ago to the last FBS team other than No. 1 Alabama this season with a chance to be undefeated.
But Wisconsin (11-3), which finished with 11 wins for the fourth time in seven seasons, was clearly bigger and stronger — especially up front. The Big Ten Badgers set the tone early, with rushing touchdowns on their first two drives to take a 14-0 lead against the Group of Five team.
Fumagalli had several other highlight catches, including a one-handed 20-yard grab on the Badgers' opening drive, and a 26-yard catch to convert third-and-8 after Western Michigan scored in the fourth quarter.
Terrell combined with All-America receiver Corey Davis for 51 career touchdowns, tying the FBS record on an 11-yarder on fourth down with 3:27 left. Even with cornerback Sojourn Shelton's arms wrapped around them in the back of the end zone, Davis broke free to make the catch.
Western Michigan's senior quarterback had 33 touchdowns and only four interceptions this season, the last pick by Wisconsin linebacker T.J. Edwards.
TAKEAWAY
Western Michigan: The Broncos never backed down and Fleck has set a solid foundation for them to keep rowing forward, even with the loss of guys like Davis and Terrell, who were part of that one-win season in 2013. Western Michigan had only 280 total yards, 217 below its season average.
Wisconsin: The only losses this season for the Badgers were to Big Ten foes Michigan, Ohio State and Penn State — all who also played in New Year's Six games. Freshman quarterback Alex Hornibrook, who started nine games before a concussion forced them to miss the Big Ten championship game, was 2-of-2 passing. They threw the TD pass to Fumagalli, who finished with six catches for 83 yards.
UP NEXT
Western Michigan knows it has to continue play Power Five teams to have chances for more New Year's Six games, and maybe eventually a playoff appearance. The Broncos open next season Sept. 2 at USC, a week before they play Michigan State, another Big Ten opponent.
Wisconsin always gets a chance to prove itself in the Big Ten. So the Badgers can ease into its season, and will Sept. 1 at home against Utah State.
___
More AP college football coverage: www.collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
1 of 9 View Captions
(Rick Egan | The Salt Lake Tribune) Hailey Bartlett and their 3-year-old daughter, Abigail Fletcher, talk to legal help advi... (Rick Egan | The Salt Lake Tribune) Hailey Bartlett and their 3-year-old daughter, Abigail Fletcher, talk to legal help advi... (Rick Egan | The Salt Lake Tribune) Hailey Bartlett fastens the shoes for their 3-year-old daughter, Abigail Fletcher, durin... (Rick Egan | The Salt Lake Tribune) Hailey Bartlett and their 3-year-old daughter, Abigail Fletcher, talk to legal help advi... (Rick Egan | The Salt Lake Tribune) Hailey Bartlett and their 3-year-old daughter, Abigail Fletcher, talk to legal help advi... (Rick Egan | The Salt Lake Tribune) Hailey Bartlett and their 3-year-old daughter, Abigail Fletcher, talk to legal help advi... (Rick Egan | The Salt Lake Tribune) Hailey Bartlett, and their 3-year-old daughter Abigail Fletcher talk wait for some legal... (Rick Egan | The Salt Lake Tribune) Hailey Bartlett and their 3-year-old daughter, Abigail Fletcher, talk to legal help advi... (Rick Egan | The Salt Lake Tribune) Hailey Bartlett gets directions from volunteer Susan Chamberlain during Project Homele...
A 16-year-old Maryland girl is dead, their mother injured and their alleged 15-year-old attacker is in critical condition from an apparent suicide attempt following an early New Year's Day shooting in the girl's Maryland home, PEOPLE confirms.
Mom Suzanne Zaremba, 52, of Ellicott City, heard “a scuffle” in their daughter's bedroom around 2 a.m. Jan. 1 and went to investigate, according to a Howard County police statement.
As they entered the room, the male suspect allegedly fired a shot at her, and then at Zaremba's daughter Charlotte, 16, before using the gun to shoot themselves in the head, police said.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
The suspect, who was not identified by police because of their age, was taken from the girl's bedroom to the University of Maryland Medical Center's Shock Trauma Center, where they remain in critical condition, police said.
“It is unclear if they had any connection to the victims,” according to the statement.
Police did not release a motive.
Suzanne Zaremba was treated for a non-life threatening injury and released.
Nick Novak, principal at Howard High School, identified Charlotte as a 10th grader at the school and said in a letter to the school's families that Charlotte's classmates were alerted to the “sad news” in first-period classrooms today, reports Ellicott City Patch.
“During guided discussions as needed, our teachers will help students talk about their feelings and reactions and identifying coping resources at school and in the community,” Novak wrote.
• Pick up PEOPLE's special edition True Crime Stories: Cases That Shocked America, on sale now, for the latest on Casey Anthony, JonBenét Ramsey and more.
“She was just really sweet, and a good friend,” Isabella Kushner, a friend of the victim, told WJZ.
Kushner added, “The entire community of Howard County is just trying to support everybody, and their family.”
Family friend Elisa Kamens, who told Fox45 that they saw Charlotte over the Christmas holiday, said, “It's just horrific.”
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
While Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore has made their name as a self-proclaimed supporter of upholding the rights awarded by the Constitution, he's not a big fan of all those rights.
In 2011, Moore appeared on a conspiracy-theorists' radio show, and said if the U.S. got rid of all the amendments after the Bill of Rights, it would “eliminate many problems,” according to audio of the radio show, the “Aroostook Watchmen” show, obtained by CNN's KFile.
“That would eliminate many problems,” Moore said. “You know people don't understand how some of these amendments have completely tried to wreck the form of government that our forefathers intended.”
In the interview, Moore specifically cited the 17th Amendment, which allows voters to directly elect senators instead of state legislatures, and the 14th Amendment, which granted citizenship to former slaves.
“The danger in the 14th Amendment, which was to restrict, it has been a restriction on the states using the first Ten Amendments by and through the 14th Amendment,” Moore said. “To restrict the states from doing something that the federal government was restricted from doing and allowing the federal government to do something which the first Ten Amendments prevented them from doing. If you understand the incorporation doctrine used by the courts and what it meant. You'd understand what I'm talking about.”
Other amendments post-Bill of Rights include the 13th Amendment, which abolished slavery, the 15th, which prohibited the government from blocking people's right to vote based on race, the 19th, which gave women the right to vote and the 22nd, which limits the number of times a person can be elected to the presidency to two terms.
Moore's campaign told CNN that they don't actually believe in eliminating amendments 11 through 27, but was rather speaking about “the overall framework for the separation of powers” in the U.S. government.
In that same interview, Moore questioned the validity of former President Barack Obama's birth certificate.
Both comments fall in line with controversial remarks Moore has made recently and in the early days of their career in the public eye, from claiming homosexuality should be illegal to saying in September that America was great back when “families were united — even though we had slavery.”
Listen to the interview below:
SACRAMENTO — Fast food jobs pay some of the lowest wages in the country, giving workers little reason to stick around if they get a better offer and proving costly to employers who need to find people to replace them.
In California, one Chick-fil-A franchisee says he's trying to break the cycle.
Eric Mason, who for the last three years has owned a Chick-fil-A off the highway near the Sacramento airport, says that next week he'll start hiring “hospitality professionals” starting at $17 an hour, up from the $12 to $13 an hour they pay now.
“When we go to the living wage, we're looking for people who are trying to raise families, improve their lifestyle,” they told ABC10 News on May 26. “Maybe they could just work one job, and then it's sustainable. What that does for the business is provided consistency, someone that has relationships with our guests. It's going to be building a long-term culture.”
Mason's marketing manager Marena Weisman confirmed to CNNMoney that the franchise would be hiring between 35 and 45 people at the new rate, for work in both the front and the back of the house, and that all current employees are encouraged to apply for the positions.
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, fast food cooks in the Sacramento area make an average of $11.42 an hour, about a dollar higher than the national level.
Even though California's minimum wage is currently $11 an hour, and will rise steadily to $15 by 2022, Mason's $5 jump is unusual.
“All responsible employers are preparing for the impact of the increasing minimum wage, but they are usually doing it over time and planning for it,” says Carey Klosterman, director of research and compensation services at the California Employers Association.
One reason why: Even employees making just a little bit more than the minimum wage tend to expect raises too. So if employers raise wages too quickly, it can get expensive.
“While increasing the wage to this level at a fast food restaurant is commendable, I don't foresee that many businesses will likely be following in their footsteps,” Klosterman says.
Such big hikes in wages are also especially rare in franchised industries, where the headquarters often charges steep royalties and controls many aspects of the operation — including prices and promotions. That can make life difficult for franchisees in areas with higher fixed costs like wages.
“If you're in a territory where labor is much higher than the rest of the country, you could be underwater,” says Peter Lagarias, an attorney for franchisees based in San Rafael, California. “When these kinds of pressures all build up, you can understand that franchisees are hurting.”
Lagarias hasn't seen the franchise agreement for Chick-fil-A, which is relatively new to California, so it's not clear whether an owner-operator could pass along increased labor costs by charging higher prices. Chick-fil-A is unusual in that each owner is limited to one store apiece, which keeps them more involved in day-to-day operations.
A spokesperson from Chick-fil-A's corporate office said only that local operators make their own hiring and wage decisions.
However, Mason's strategy could pay off in the long run.
Research has shown that raising wages can reduce turnover, which in the restaurant industry can be as high as 100% per year. Each time a worker leaves, it costs the restaurant owner money because they then have to fill the shift with someone else.
Mason is also correct to point out that many low-wage workers have to hold down multiple jobs at a time in order to survive, and that full-time work at a livable wage is something many would try hard to keep.
“The reason people leave low wage jobs is that they're trying to find something just a little bit better,” says Sylvia Allegretto, a labor economist at the University of California, Berkeley.
At $17 an hour, Mason's “hospitality professional” positions could be practically immune from turnover.
“You're going to try very hard to get that job, and you're going to be a very good, diligent productive worker,” Allegretto says. “Because if you lose that job, your next job will be back down close to the minimum wage.”
That may position Mason's store to succeed in what's rapidly become a job seekers' market. Sacramento's unemployment rate tracks the national average, which is currently 3.9%. That's the lowest rate it's been since 2000 and it's expected to keep dropping through 2018.
A $17 wage would also allow Mason to be picky with the people they hire, and according to a job description, those expectations are high.
A successful applicant, it reads, “must love to smile & connect with people, make eye contact & speak enthusiastically” and “makes working hard and delivering high standards look easy and effortless, enabling others to be efficient and effortless as well.”
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) , to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
You must be logged in as a subscriber to view this page. Please log in below to access the content.
REGISTER
Forgot your username/password?
If you are already a Defense Daily subscriber or registered user,
login here.
Register
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com
or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) ,
to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Victoria's Secret's annual “What Is Sexy” social media campaign has the women's premium lingerie company fending off accusations of racism.
This year's list of winners include Instagram models who specialize in fashion, fitness, and beauty. Other winners include celebrities like Taylor Swift, actor Vanessa Hudgens, and This is Us star Mandy Moore.
Give your favorite style star some ❤️! Go to Twitter & VOTE them to the top of our annual #WhatIsSexy List by 11:59pm ET on 4/12! Link in profile. A post shared by Victoria's Secret (@victoriassecret) on Apr 7, 2017 at 11:43am PDT
Thank your fave fitness stars for all the inspo—go to Twitter & VOTE them to the top of our annual #WhatIsSexy List by 11:59pm ET on 4/12! Link in profile. A post shared by Victoria's Secret (@victoriassecret) on Apr 7, 2017 at 12:26pm PDT
Give props to your go-to beauty expert—go to Twitter & VOTE them to the top of our annual #WhatIsSexy List by 11:59pm ET on 4/12! Link in profile. A post shared by Victoria's Secret (@victoriassecret) on Apr 7, 2017 at 10:35am PDT
The California-based brand revealed its honorees, many of whom were white and skinny. And it didn't take long for social media users to accuse Victoria's Secret's of failing to include women of other ethnicities in its campaign.
“Young, white and thin is what's sexy according to VS. Where's the racial diversity? Where's the size diversity….” one Twitter user wrote.
Young, white and thin is what's sexy according to VS. Where's the racial diversity? Where's the size diversity…. https://t.co/31Q7u0BtO8 — Jennifer Atilémilé (@jennatilemile) April 16, 2017
The California-based brand was bombarded with similar scorn online.
Victoria's Secret decides to tell you #WhatIsSexy. Note: your odds of getting on this list go up if you're young, thin, and white. pic.twitter.com/QXF29vz5in — Mike Sington (@MikeSington) April 15, 2017
#whatissexy? Very white, thin, mostly blonde, and between 20 and 30ish according to this v. specific @VictoriasSecret list. pic.twitter.com/OZB5XiMCzL — Cori M. (@corimyles) April 14, 2017
It's not the first time Victoria's Secret has been dragged online over issues of race and diversity.
Last year, the Huffington Post called the womenswear brand's What is Sexy” list “an arbitrary roundup of the ‘sexiest' lips, legs, hair and eyeballs among women in the fashion and entertainment industries.”
“But telling us what a ‘sexy' pair of lips looks like? Or worse, “sexy hair,” can only serve to make women without that lipstick or without a full head of long hair feel less adequate and less worthy of being called sexy in their own right,” HuffPo's Suzy Strutner wrote.
In December, the intimate apparel retailer was accused of cultural appropriation and of designing “racist lingerie by Cosmopolitan editor Helin Jung.
“[D]on't let yourself be hoodwinked by Victoria's Secret's brazen attempt to relabel what is clearly cultural appropriation by turning it into a celebration of ‘culture,'” Jung wrote in a since-deleted article about the brand's use of different cultural aesthetics during its runway shows. “The brand and its creative leads shamelessly cherry-picked imagery, breaking apart aesthetic references from wherever they wanted and stitching them back together again. They're telling us it's worldliness. It's not; it's a hack job.”
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson
COLUMBUS, Ohio — Jake Guentzel had a hat trick, including a goal at 13:10 of overtime, to lift the Pittsburgh Penguins to a 5-4 victory over the Columbus Blue Jackets on Sunday night and give them a 3-0 lead in their first-round playoff series.
Bryan Rust added two goals for Pittsburgh, and Marc-Andre Fleury overcame a shaky first period to make 33 saves. Guentzel is the first Pittsburgh to rookie to get a playoff hat trick.
The defending champion Penguins will go for the sweep in Columbus on Tuesday night.
(Credit: AP / Jay LaPrete) (Credit: AP / Jay LaPrete) Pittsburgh Penguins' Jake Guentzel, center, celebrates their game-winning goal with teammates Olli Maatta, left to right, of Finland, Sidney Crosby, Conor Sheary, and Trevor Daley against the Columbus Blue Jackets during the first overtime period in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey playoff series, Sunday, April 16, 2017, in Columbus, Ohio. The Penguins defeated the Blue Jackets 5-4.
(Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) (Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) Marc-Andre Fleury #29 of the Pittsburgh Penguins stops a shot from Nick Foligno #71 of the Columbus Blue Jackets during the third period of Game 3 of the Eastern Conference first round during the 2017 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs on April 16, 2017 at Nationwide Arena in Columbus, Ohio.
(Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) (Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) Jake Guentzel #59 of the Pittsburgh Penguins is congratulated by Phil Kessel #81 and Evgeni Malkin #71 after scoring a goal during third period against the Columbus Blue Jackets in Game 3 of the Eastern Conference first round during the 2017 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs on April 16, 2017 at Nationwide Arena in Columbus, Ohio.
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISE HERE
(Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) (Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) David Savard #58 and Brandon Saad #20 of the Columbus Blue Jackets try to steal the puck from Conor Sheary #43 of the Pittsburgh Penguins during the third period of Game 3 of the Eastern Conference first round during the 2017 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs on April 16, 2017 at Nationwide Arena in Columbus, Ohio.
(Credit: AP / Jay LaPrete) (Credit: AP / Jay LaPrete) Pittsburgh Penguins' Ian Cole, left, and Columbus Blue Jackets' Cam Atkinson chase the puck during the second period in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey playoff series Sunday, April 16, 2017, in Columbus, Ohio.
(Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) (Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) Nick Foligno #71 of the Columbus Blue Jackets keeps control of the puck away from Olli Maatta #3 of the Pittsburgh Penguins during the second period of Game 3 of the Eastern Conference first round during the 2017 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs on April 16, 2017 at Nationwide Arena in Columbus, Ohio.
(Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) (Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) Trevor Daley #6 of the Pittsburgh Penguins celebrates after Bryan Rust #17 of the Pittsburgh Penguins scored a goal during the second period against the Columbus Blue Jackets in Game 3 of the Eastern Conference first round during the 2017 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs on April 16, 2017 at Nationwide Arena in Columbus, Ohio.
(Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) (Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) Goalie Sergei Bobrovsky #72 of the Columbus Blue Jackets controls the rebound while fending off Tom Kuhnhackl #34 of the Pittsburgh Penguins during the second period of Game 3 of the Eastern Conference first round during the 2017 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs on April 16, 2017 at Nationwide Arena in Columbus, Ohio.
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISE HERE
(Credit: AP / Jay LaPrete) (Credit: AP / Jay LaPrete) Pittsburgh Penguins' Trevor Daley, right, tries to push Columbus Blue Jackets' Boone Jenner away from the puck during the second period in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey playoff series, Sunday, April 16, 2017, in Columbus, Ohio.
(Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) (Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) Sidney Crosby #87 of the Pittsburgh Penguins beats Brandon Dubinsky #17 of the Columbus Blue Jackets to win a faceoff during the second period Game 3 of the Eastern Conference first round during the 2017 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs on April 16, 2017 at Nationwide Arena in Columbus, Ohio.
(Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) (Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) Zach Werenski #8 of the Columbus Blue Jackets is congratulated Sam Gagner #89 after scoring a goal during the first period against the Pittsburgh Penguins in Game 3 of the Eastern Conference first round during the 2017 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs on April 16, 2017 at Nationwide Arena in Columbus, Ohio.
(Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) (Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) Fans begin enter Nationwide Arena prior to the start of Game 3 of the Eastern Conference first round between the Columbus Blue Jackets and Pittsburgh Penguins during the 2017 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs on April 16, 2017 at Nationwide Arena in Columbus, Ohio.
(Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) (Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) A fan takes a picture of the entrance to Nationwide Arena prior to the start of Game 3 of the Eastern Conference first round between the Columbus Blue Jackets and Pittsburgh Penguins during the 2017 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs on April 16, 2017 at Nationwide Arena in Columbus, Ohio.
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISE HERE
(Credit: AP / Jay LaPrete) (Credit: AP / Jay LaPrete) Columbus Blue Jackets' Jack Johnson, right, and Pittsburgh Penguins' Bryan Rust, center, fight for a loose as Sergei Bobrovsky, of Russia, protects the net during the first period in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey playoff series, Sunday, April 16, 2017, in Columbus, Ohio.
(Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) (Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) Cam Atkinson #13 of the Columbus Blue Jackets celebrates after scoring a goal during the first period against the Pittsburgh Penguins in Game 3 of the Eastern Conference first round during the 2017 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs on April 16, 2017 at Nationwide Arena in Columbus, Ohio.
(Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) (Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) Cam Atkinson #13, Nick Foligno #71 and Brandon Dubinsky #17 of the Columbus Blue Jackets warm up prior to the start of Game 3 of the Eastern Conference first round against Pittsburgh Penguins during the 2017 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs on April 16, 2017 at Nationwide Arena in Columbus, Ohio.
(Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) (Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) Sidney Crosby #87 of the Pittsburgh Penguins warms up prior to the start of Game 3 of the Eastern Conference first round against the Columbus Blue Jackets during the 2017 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs on April 16, 2017 at Nationwide Arena in Columbus, Ohio.
(Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) (Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) Members of the Columbus Blue Jackets and the Pittsburgh Penguins warm up prior to the start of Game 3 of the Eastern Conference first round during the 2017 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs on April 16, 2017 at Nationwide Arena in Columbus, Ohio.
(Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) (Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) Tom Kuhnhackl #34 of the Pittsburgh Penguins and Gabriel Carlsson #53 of the Columbus Blue Jackets battle for control of the puck during the first period in Game 3 of the Eastern Conference first round during the 2017 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs on April 16, 2017 at Nationwide Arena in Columbus, Ohio.
(Credit: AP / Jay LaPrete) (Credit: AP / Jay LaPrete) Columbus Blue Jackets' Zach Werenski celebrates their goal against the Pittsburgh Penguins during the first period in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey playoff series Sunday, April 16, 2017, in Columbus, Ohio.
(Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) (Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) Bryan Rust #17 of the Pittsburgh Penguins and Jack Johnson #7 of the Columbus Blue Jackets battle for a rebound in front of Sergei Bobrovsky #72 of the Blue Jackets during the first period of Game 3 of the Eastern Conference first round during the 2017 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs on April 16, 2017 at Nationwide Arena in Columbus, Ohio.
(Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) (Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) Carter Rowney #37 of the Pittsburgh Penguins attempts to steal the puck from Scott Harrington #54 of the Columbus Blue Jackets during the first period in Game 3 of the Eastern Conference first round during the 2017 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs on April 16, 2017 at Nationwide Arena in Columbus, Ohio.
(Credit: AP / Jay LaPrete) (Credit: AP / Jay LaPrete) Pittsburgh Penguins' Brian Dumoulin celebrates their goal against the Columbus Blue Jackets during the first period in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey playoff series Sunday, April 16, 2017, in Columbus, Ohio.
(Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) (Credit: Getty Images / Kirk Irwin) Gabriel Carlsson #53 of the Columbus Blue Jackets is checked into the boards by Jake Guentzel #59 of the Pittsburgh Penguins while battling for the puck during the first period of Game 3 of the Eastern Conference first round during the 2017 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs on April 16, 2017 at Nationwide Arena in Columbus, Ohio.
(Credit: AP / Jay LaPrete) (Credit: AP / Jay LaPrete) Pittsburgh Penguins' Jake Guentzel, right, checks Columbus Blue Jackets' Gabriel Carlsson, of Sweden, during the first period in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey playoff series, Sunday, April 16, 2017, in Columbus, Ohio.
Almost nine months after losing their George Town home to foreclosure, mother of two Dawn Hunter is again facing homelessness.
They told Cayman 27 they want government to let them take their pension money and start over somewhere else.
Cayman 27 first introduced Dawn Hunter and their story last September, just weeks before they and their two young children were removed from their home of more than ten years.
Since then, things have only gotten worse for this mother of two. After losing their home last October, they said the family has bounced from place to place.
They said they are desperate to find suitable housing, but the Needs Assessment Unit has only been able to help with food.
They say they don't want a hand-out, they want out, and they want government to release their pension so they can afford to leave.
“I no longer want to hold a Cayman passport, that is the way I feel, I don't want my children to ever apply for Cayman status, we want to give it up,” said Ms. Hunter.
Nine months after losing their george town home to foreclosure, Ms. Hunter is hopeful for a fresh start somewhere else.
“If we get the money we are going to file for a Jamaican passport, we don't want to be Caymanians,” they told Cayman 27.
Ms. Hunter said their long downward spiral began in 2013, when they lost their job with a precious metals firm. They described themselves as a whistleblower.
“My career is now damaged, in offshore where I worked, because no one is going to take a risk on a whistleblower working as an accountant,” said Ms. Hunter.
Ms. Hunter told Cayman 27 without a home or an income, they have been forced to seek help for their family from the Needs Assessment Unit.
“The only assistance they have given us is just in regards to food, and that is very limited. It's not covering a family of four, because it is myself, my two children, and my mom,” said Ms. Hunter.
The NAU wouldn't comment on Ms. Hunter's case citing its strict confidentiality policy. Emails provided by Ms. Hunter show the NAU approved rental assistance in March, but Ms. Hunter said they were unable to find a suitable home for the family.
“Most places do not want to rent to children, they do not want to rent to NAU so I am exhausted in using that, that is not helping me,” said Ms. Hunter.
They said ultimately, they do not want their family to be a liability of the government.
“I have made that repeatedly clear over and over, and I am not here begging or asking for handouts from anybody, I want my own money,” they said.
They told Cayman 27 they want government to turn over their hard earned pension money and let them and their two kids move on.
“I understand and comprehend the law, but I also am aware that you guys can make an amendment and adjustment, and pay out, so this is where I'm asking the Cayman Islands Government: pay our money,” they said.
Ms. Hunter said they have been told they will be able to access their pension funds next February because it will have been two years since there has been any activity on the account.  They are hoping this can be expedited.
They said they reached out to numerous MLAs and ministers but says they are largely turning a deaf ear on their situation.
Cayman 27 reached out to the Premier, who is responsible for communty affairs. They did not provide a response for our story.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
The worst impulses of spirit that caused the horrific massacre in Las Vegas, killing 58 people and injuring 489 more, was countered by revealing the selfless and heroic response of everyday people and the professionalism and teamwork of the hospital trauma unit and first responders. They represented the best in us in the face of heavily armed terror.
The images of the legal weaponry with illegal modifications scattered around the hotel room looks like something fit for a war zone, and yet, if history is any guidance, there will be absolutely no gun control response, except perhaps postponing the bill and allowing the purchasing of silencers, the only item (thankfully) missing from the shooter's arsenal.
We are all told to be surprised by the ordinariness of the shooter, a 64-year-old, retired accountant. A white male, quiet, worth a couple of millions, liked to gamble, lived in a retirement community. Being not Black or Brown or religiously impaired, MSNBC's Christopher Hayes called their behavior “resistant to meaning”, because it fits none of the convenient profiles of someone placing no value on human life. And yet they do fit a profile, because they are not unlike people we see every day; the difference is that they are able to work in the open and indulge their pathology as well. Take the Secretary of the Environmental Protection Agency, climate change denier Scott Pruitt for example.  They are systematically destroying or disabling every environmental regulation they can. All the science says those actions lead to flood and famine, mass migrations, storms and death, but they do not care about the science because as the definition of a sociopath says, they “lacks a sense of moral responsibility or social conscience”, although they seem like an ordinary guy.
However, Pruitt is only one example of the many such people being placed throughout this administration and the adage “a fish rots from the head” has never been more true than now. Every utterance they make proves Donald Trump to be a man in deep emotional distress, a sociopath unfit for the office they hold. The most current examples, and this is only in the last week, begins with them blaming San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz, who was wading in waist-high water to help people, for being “nasty” to them when they beg for help for the island's 3.5 million American citizens.
And then, setting the U.S. Virgin Islands aside entirely, on their day-trip to Puerto Rico they left no opportunity to congratulate themselves to say what a great job the administration is doing and how much everyone thinks he's doing such a great job. They go on to say how Hurricane Maria was not as bad as Katrina because fewer lives were lost. And when speaking to community leaders, people trying to deal with the devastation they say, “I hate to tell you Puerto Rico, but you've thrown our budget a little out of whack,” driving Mayor Cruz to say, “I would hope that the President of the United States stops spouting out comments that really hurt the people of Puerto Rico because rather than commander in chief they sort of becomes miscommunicator in chief.”
Speaking about miscommunicating, the NY Times reported that they tweeted the following with nuclear war implications: “I told Rex Tillerson, our wonderful Secretary of State, that they are wasting their time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man,” Mr. Trump wrote, using the derogatory nickname they have assigned to Mr. Kim. “Save your energy Rex,” they added, “we'll do what has to be done!” This is not a well man who can only be made to sound sane when they are reading from a teleprompter. Otherwise, they grab some words and tells us what is on their mind and their staff, the citizenry and nations around the world shudder and Republicans in Congress hide.
We can only hope that Robert Mueller hurry and indict the President and hopefully flush out the Republicans to impeach and rid us of this dangerous man. I know that leaves us with Mike Pence, but sometimes the devil you know really is worse than the devil you get.
Columbia Mayor Steve Benjamin said Monday they have not been subpoenaed to testify as part of an investigation into corruption at the S.C. State House.
And the capital city's mayor told The State newspaper they have no plans to cut ties with Richard Quinn & Associates, a Columbia-based political consulting firm under scrutiny by the State Grand Jury's probe.
“They've done general consulting and given me strategic advice for several years now, and they've done really good work,” Benjamin said after a press conference held to support community development programs the Trump Administration has considered eliminating.
“My plan is just to continue to observe the process. What I know so far, I know from media reports. But if something changes, then we will re-evaluate.”
First elected in April 2010, Benjamin has paid Richard Quinn & Associates more than $104,000 for ongoing consulting work.
Neither Richard Quinn nor their son, state Rep. Rick Quinn, R-Lexington, has been charged with a crime.
But both were named in a secret 2013 State Law Enforcement Division investigative report into State House corruption.
And the March indictment of longtime state Sen. John Courson alleged the Richland Republican converted campaign money to personal use through the firm.
Asked if they received the kind of kickbacks alleged in Courson's indictment, Benjamin laughed. “Absolutely not.”
Posted by admin on April 18, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
The wreckage of a helicopter that crashed into the ocean off WA's Pilbara coast has been recovered.
The chopper had been carrying two pilots when it ditched into the ocean about 30km off Port Hedland on Wednesday night as it approached a bulk carrier.
The men, employees of Aviator Group subsidiary Mackay Helicopters, were on their way to pick up another marine pilot, who witnessed the crash.
The body of 44-year-old Brett Gallard, a trainee pilot who was flying the chopper, was found on Saturday.
A second pilot who was on board, 64, was rescued from a life raft shortly after the crash.
Australian Transport Safety Bureau spokesperson Craig Condon told reporters last week the helicopter became inverted once it hit the water.
The man who survived followed their underwater escape training, activating an emergency beacon and setting off four flares after freeing himself.
Highlights and scores from the Friday Night Frenzy held on Friday, October 6th.
Absarokee 51, Gardiner 16
Arlee def. Hot Springs, forfeit
Belt 48, Great Falls Central 14
Big Timber 41, Three Forks 0
Bigfork 13, Townsend 7
Billings Central 55, Havre 0
Billings Senior 41, Butte 22
Billings Skyview 31, Great Falls Russell 28
Bridger 48, Reed Point-Rapelje 18
Broadus 52, Lodge Grass 0
Browning 50, Libby 20
Cascade 58, Simms 14
Charlo 66, Troy 8
Colstrip def. Poplar, forfeit
Columbia Falls 51, Ronan 6
Dillon 32, Frenchtown 15
Ennis 50, Park City 12
Eureka 56, Florence 20
Flint Creek 62, Seeley-Swan 16
Forsyth 66, Scobey-Opheim 36
Fort Benton 77, Rocky Boy 20
Hamilton 40, Butte Central 19
Hardin 32, Livingston 6
Helena 48, Bozeman 28
Helena Capital 24, Billings West 16
Hobson-Moore-Judith Gap def. Broadview-Lavina, forfeit
Huntley Project 49, Wolf Point 0
Joliet 56, Lone Peak 21
Jordan 46, Ekalaka 18
Kalispell Glacier 37, Great Falls 34
Lewistown (Fergus) 28, Belgrade 14
Lincoln def. St. Regis, forfeit
Malta-Whitewater-Saco 43, Cut Bank 13
Manhattan 48, Columbus 8
Miles City 41, Glendive 14
Missoula Loyola 54, Anaconda 14
Missoula Sentinel 45, Missoula Hellgate 6
Noxon 49, Sheridan 14
Plains 34, St. Ignatius 12
Polson 16, Whitefish 10
Roundup 50, Conrad 0
Shelby 66, Glasgow/Hinsdale/Nashua 0
Shepherd 25, Baker 6
Sidney 21, Laurel 12
Stevensville 31, Corvallis 20
Thompson Falls 35, Deer Lodge 8
Twin Bridges 50, Victor 26
Valier 19, Big Sandy 7
Whitehall 29, Jefferson (Boulder) 14
Winnett-Grass Range 47, Shields Valley 44
BARRY HATTON
Lisbon, Portugal | May 29
Portuguese lawmakers Tuesday narrowly rejected a proposal to make Portugal one of only a handful of countries in the world allowing euthanasia and doctor-assisted suicide.
After a landmark debate, lawmakers voted to reject four broadly similar bills introduced by leftleaning parties. The bill that came closest to succeeding was the work of the governing Socialist Party, which failed on a 115-110 vote with four abstentions.
Euthanasia was forced onto the political agenda by a public petition urging its introduction in 2016
Euthanasia — when a doctor kills patients at their request — is legal in Belgium, Canada, Colombia, Luxembourg and the Netherlands. In Switzerland, and some U.S. states, assisted suicide — where patients administer the lethal drug themselves, under medical supervision — is permitted.
The outcome of Portugal's vote was expected to be close as the two main parties, the Socialists and the main opposition Social Democratic Party, allowed their lawmakers to vote according to their conscience. The two parties have 175 of the 230 members of the Republican Assembly, Portugal's parliament.
Euthanasia was forced onto the political agenda by a public petition urging its introduction in 2016.
The deeply divisive issue is the latest point of friction between faith and politics in this predominantly Catholic country. The Portuguese parliament, prodded by a series of left-leaning governments determined to bring about what they called a “modernization” of the country, has in recent times voted to permit abortion on demand and same-sex marriage.
Four political parties — the governing center-left Socialist Party, the radical Left Bloc, the Green Party, and the People, Animals, Nature party — have tabled bills proposing euthanasia and doctor-assisted suicide.
LISBON, Portugal (AP) — Almost all of the 2,000 Portuguese firefighters at a weeklong wildfire that killed 64 people this summer had something in common apart from the acute danger they faced: they were doing it for no pay and with equipment bought with public donations.
More than 90 percent of Portugal's around 30,000 firefighters are volunteers. From lawyers to construction workers, they take time off work to risk their lives. What's more, the volunteer fire departments where they work rely on donations and income from working at private events to pay for their equipment.
When they are deployed to a wildfire outside their area of residence during the summer fire season, the government pays these intrepid men and women 1.87 euros ($2) an hour. And the volunteer firefighters usually hand over that meager stipend to their financially stretched fire departments.
Hugo Simoes, a 33-year-old Lisbon bombeiro (firefighter) who was deployed in June to the country's deadliest wildfire on record, says a sense of duty and brotherhood drives the volunteers. “We do it out of community spirit,” they say.
Volunteers are not uncommon in fire brigades in Europe and further afield — more than 97 percent of German firefighters are volunteers; in the U.S. that figure is around 70 percent. But in Portugal these unfunded services are the front line in emergencies, providing the backbone of the Civil Protection Agency's resources. There are just seven professional fire departments in the country.
Simoes works for Portugal's oldest fire department, the Bombeiros Voluntarios de Lisboa, created in 1868 by royal decree. For him, the volunteer spirit shown by generations of firefighters is unremarkable. It's a cultural tradition.
“Here in Portugal it's been like this for a long time,” they shrug. “We like what we do. On hot days when we could go to the beach, we come here to the fire department instead, to help out.”
Simoes nowadays works full-time as an administrative clerk at the fire department, earning around 600 euros a month.
When the alarms rang in June to go and help at a massive blaze in woodland around Pedrogao Grande, about 150 kilometers (90 miles) north of Lisbon, Simoes set off with four vehicles and their crews.
“Some walked out of work and risked being marked as absent,” Simoes says. Across the country, other volunteer firefighters did the same.
Scorching weather, as well as strong winds and woodland that was bone dry after months with little rain, fueled the Pedrogao Grande blaze, just as it has other forest fires this summer. The fire spread so quickly that 47 people died on a road as they fled the advancing flames in their cars.
“The stress, the adrenaline, the heat — they demand a huge effort,” Simoes said. “At times it can get a bit hairy, but our training kicks in.”
Similar scenes play out each summer in Portugal: giant flames dwarf the firefighters, huge clouds of smoke stretch to the horizon, locals help out with buckets and garden hoses and swat at the flames with broken-off tree branches. Wildfires race through eucalyptus and pine forests that are uncleared and tightly packed.
This year has been particularly bad, due to a severe drought gripping 80 percent of the country. Wildfires in Portugal accounted for more than one-third of the burnt forest in the entire 28-nation European Union up to Aug. 5.
Last week, Simoes and their team were dispatched to a major forest fire in Abrantes, not far from Pedrogao Grande. Firefighters brought the blaze under control within 48 hours.
The volunteer firefighters are commonly depicted as heroes in Portugal. A recent fund-raising campaign described them as “heroes without capes.” Calls for food and water to help the firefighters inevitably bring a nationwide deluge of donations.
About 80 people are on call at the Bombeiros Voluntarios de Lisboa. They receive more than 300 hours of training, which is also done outside their day job.
Simoes says the department has always had enough staff, though it is stretched in emergencies.
It scrapes by financially. Fire suits cost almost 2,000 euros each. The recent purchase of 100 new helmets cost 28,000 euros.
Portugal's volunteer fire departments often use vehicles bought second-hand. In Lisbon, that includes a fire truck purchased in Luxembourg. A new one costs more than 250,000 euros — way beyond their budget. Their dream, they confide, is to own a big American fire truck.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
"A moment later, Tiffany heard Ted shout, 'I haven't seen her, I swear,' then there was a loud bang," said Deputy Salt Lake County District Attorney Ethan Rampton during their opening remarks.
Trujillo hurried to see what caused what they said sounded like a "crack," and noticed something moving outside. They looked through a small hole in a blanket covering a window and saw a man walking down the driveway toward a silver sedan.
They then found Kelbach face down in a pool of blood. He'd been shot through the eye at close range and died soon after.
In a frantic call to 911, Trujillo described the hair of person they saw — a piece of testimony that defense attorneys sought to highlight.
"It was loose and curly pulled in a ponytail," Trujillo recalled of the man, adding that it wasn't braided or in dreadlocks.
In court on Tuesday, Evans wore their hair in tight dreadlocks that fell past their shoulders. Defense attorneys said Evans' hair looked the same way on the night of Kelbach's death.
Jurors also heard from Sarah Harrison, a neighbor of Kelbach's, who described seeing a black man with long dreadlocks walking up Kelbach's driveway, at 5446 S. Nez Perce Drive (5080 West), as they arrived home from work on the night of the shooting.
Authorities said Evans knew Kelbach and had been to the home before the night of the shooting.
Trujillo told jurors they had met Kelbach only the night before the shooting and returned the next day. It wasn't clear if they had seen Evans before. They said their budding relationship with Kelbach wasn't romantic.
Charging documents say detectives learned from a female acquaintance of Evans' that they "suspected [her] of infidelity with Mr. Kelbach."
Prosecutors said Tuesday that investigators found texts from the day of the shooting in which Evans accused that acquaintance of cheating on them with Kelbach and threatening violence with a gun.
Prosecutors also said they have DNA evidence from a red hat left at the scene that matches Evans, and phone data that links them to the area around the time of Kelbach's death.
Defense attorney Neil Webster used their opening statement to sow doubt into the prosecution's narrative, saying Trujillo had been to the house the night before the killing.
"Perhaps, someone [other than Evans] was there looking for her," Webster said.
Webster also said the phone data wasn't precise enough to be considered strong evidence, and questioned the accuracy of DNA testing.
RENO COUNTY – A Reno County teen was injured in an accident just before 10a.m. on Tuesday.
A Reno Count Sheriff's Department reported a 2006 Ford Escape driven by Madeline Elise Jameson, 16, Buhler, was eastbound in the 6100 Block of East 43rd Avenue.
The vehicle entered the north ditch and the driver overcorrected. The vehicle came back on the road. The driver lost control and the vehicle over turned at least one time before coming to a stop upside down in the south ditch.
First responders successfully extracted the driver trapped by the seat belt. They were treated for an eye injury on scene and was released.
LONDON (AP) — The Latest on the London high-rise fire (all times local):
8:10 a.m.
Community centers in London have been overwhelmed by the number of donations flooding in for those left homeless by a high-rise apartment building fire.
So much food, clothing, shoes and other items have been coming in that the centers, churches and mosques have had to start turning away new donations. At least 12 people have been killed in the inferno at the 24-story building, with the death toll expected to rise. Dozens of others have been hospitalized.
Advertisement
Missing people posters have been put up throughout the north London neighborhood of North Kensington. Celebrity chef Jamie Oliver has offered free food for survivors at one of their nearby eateries.
___
7:40 a.m.
London fire investigators are painstakingly searching for more victims of an inferno that engulfed a high-rise apartment building and killed at least 12 residents.
Authorities say the death toll is expected to rise as emergency workers sift through more of the wreckage on Thursday.
The fire early Wednesday in the 24-story building in west London's North Kensington district also injured dozens, 18 of them critically, and left an unknown number missing. The cause of the blaze is under investigation, but a tenants' group had complained for years about the risk of a fire.
More than 1 million pounds ($1.27 million) has been raised to help victims of the tragedy as volunteers and charities worked through the night to find shelter and food for people who lost their homes.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
POTTSVILLE — Schuylkill County retirees were denied a cost-of-living adjustment again Wednesday.
Commissioner Gary J. Hess first made a motion at last month's retirement board meeting for a cost-of-living adjustment of 0.3 percent for county retirees. It was not seconded by anyone else on the retirement board, which consists of the three commissioners, treasurer and controller.
On Wednesday, members of the county retirees association asked for another vote. Hess put forth the motion at their request, but the result was the same. The meeting last month was held at North Schuylkill High School to honor the Schuylkill County Scholar-Athlete and the retirees were unable to attend.
“We would like to thank Commissioner Hess for their motion to support a COLA for the retirees at the May meeting,” Joan Deitrich, president of the retirees association, said. “However, we are extremely disappointed in the lack of a second by the other members of the retirement board. Your silence speaks volumes to all the retirees and their families for which I can attest by the number of phone calls I have received expressing their disfavor with the retirement board.”
Members of the county retirees association have attended the last several retirement board meetings to ask about receiving their first pension increase since 2007. The county is required to discuss a COLA at least every three years.
Deitrich said the retirees were told to wait until House Bill 239 was approved. The legislation eliminating the requirement that counties make any COLA retroactive to the last time the retirees had a pension increase was approved last year and went into effect for 2017.
“This was to be our year,” Deitrich said.
Previously, a COLA could have cost the county millions while now a 0.3 percent increase, as determined by the Consumer Price Index, would draw $182,116 from the retirement fund and $26,000 annually.
“I believe in your endeavor,” Hess said. “Personally, I look at the retirement fund as being significant to give a COLA.”
About 500 retirees receive their monthly pension from the county's retirement fund, which consists of investment earnings, county contributions and 8 percent of employee earnings. Following the last pension increase in 2007, the retirement fund was about $70 million toward the end of 2008 and most of 2009. The fund has steadily recovered since then and was $132,162,386 on Wednesday.
“We have a long-term obligation to our retirees and health care is a major driver of costs today,” commissioners Chairman George F. Halcovage Jr. said. “We have to be good flight attendants as the retirement board and continue funding the pension plan to meet current and future obligations.”
The county's general fund is used to pay for health care costs as well as the county's annual required contribution toward the retirement fund. As of April, the general fund was $19,533,690.70.
The county is obligated to fund at least 80 percent of the pension plan. It has been about 85 percent funded over the past five years. A COLA would ultimately result in higher ARC payments, Halcovage said.
“If there is less money in the pension plan, that annual required contribution is going to be more,” Halcovage said.
That scenario could affect tax rates, Halcovage said.
According to Paul Buber, county finance director, health care costs have been increasing about 8 percent annually. Last year, the county paid $5,651,314.85 for retirees' health care and contributed $2,193,692 in ARC payments.
Buber said the total ARC payment for 2017 is estimated to be about $2.7 million.
Controller Christy Joy and Treasurer Linda Marchalk were both attending conferences Wednesday and were not at the meeting.
“I'm not confident in giving a COLA until we are in a much stronger position,” Joy said over the phone Wednesday afternoon. “We are trying to keep costs down for the taxpayers by keeping ARC payments as low as possible while still looking to increase our investment returns.”
According to a report from Joy, the county saw a median investment return of 10.13 percent last year. However, the median return over the last five years has been 6.79 percent and 5.08 percent over the past 10 years.
“When we start earning an average of over 7.5 percent and the plan is better funded, that will be a good time to talk about a COLA,” Joy said.
In other matters, the county awarded seven contracts for demolition projects as part of a $1.4 million state grant.
Affordable Construction and Demolition, Coal Township, will be demolishing three properties. They received contracts worth $15,240 for 1 W. Ogden St., Girardville; $14,400 for 25 S. John St., Girardville; and $64,480 for 142 E. Grand Ave., Tower City. The company was previously awarded the contract to demolish the former American Legion building at 3 E. Sunbury St., Minersville.
ADM Logistics, Port Carbon, was awarded two projects. They received contracts worth $42,299 for 51 S. Lehigh Ave., Frackville, and $46,599 for 60-62 N. Lehigh Ave., Frackville.
AMC Enterprise, Frackville, was awarded a $13,849 contract to demolish 136-138 W. Ogden St., Girardville, and Northeast Industrial Services, Danville, was awarded a $37,690 contract for 216 E. Ridge St., Coaldale.
Contact the writer: mgilgerjr@republicanherald.com; 570-628-6023
By The Associated Press
TOKYO (AP) — China says it will stop importing North Korean coal, iron ore, fish and other goods on Sept. 5 under U.N. sanctions .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Emmy Award-winning-actor Bobby Cannavale has revealed the name of their four-week-old son with actor Rose Byrne.
“Rafa,” they told “Entertainment Tonight” at the premiere Sunday of their new film, the animated feature “Ferdinand.” “I hadn't given one of my children a Latin name yet,” explained the 47-year-old Tony nominee, whose father is Italian and whose mother is Cuban.
The names of their actor son Jacob, 22, with ex-wife Jenny Lumet, and Rocco, 22 months, with Byrne, had “honored both moms' heritage, and so I wanted to honor my mom's side of the family,” they said. “And, you know,” they added jokingly, “[Tennis star] Rafael Nadal had such a great year and we were constantly keeping up with them and watching all their matches, so we were like, ‘How about Rafa? That goes well with Rocco.' And that was it.”
Cannavale and Byrne have been together since 2012.
DETROIT (AP) — The Green Bay Packers and Detroit Lions are both headed to the postseason.
One of those teams looks like a threat to make a serious run.
Aaron Rodgers threw four touchdown passes, and the Packers calmly dispatched Detroit 31-24 on Sunday night to win the NFC North title. Green Bay finished the regular season with six consecutive victories, and although the Lions made the playoffs as a wild card, they frittered away the division title with three straight losses down the stretch.
The Packers and Lions were both safely in the playoffs by the time their game kicked off, because Washington lost to the New York Giants earlier in the day. But there was still a division title at stake in the Green Bay-Detroit game, and the winner would enter the postseason on a much happier note.
Advertisement
“Winning games like today gives you great confidence. It gives you momentum,” Packers coach Mike McCarthy said. “We clearly understand where we were six weeks ago, and where we are today.”
Green Bay (10-6) starts its postseason at home against the Giants next weekend, and Detroit (9-7) plays at Seattle.
The Lions made the playoffs for the second time in coach Jim Caldwell's three seasons at the helm, but they remain without a division title since 1993. They are 0-5 this season against teams that made the playoffs — including losses to the Giants, Cowboys and Packers to close the regular season.
“This isn't what we wanted, and every loss is a major disappointment, but we have to have short memories,” Detroit receiver Golden Tate said. “All we can think about right now is Seattle, and playing the way we are capable of playing.”
The Lions led 14-7 late in the first half, then Rodgers and the Packers scored 10 points before Detroit ever had the ball again. Green Bay managed a field goal at the end of the second quarter and a touchdown drive to start the third.
Detroit had a raucous home crowd on its side in what was probably the biggest game the Lions have played at Ford Field since it opened in 2002. It turned out to be their last home game of the season — they'll be the bottom seed in the NFC playoffs.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL .
Thousands of special-education students who struggle to pass academic exams required for high school diplomas would be offered occupational assessments instead, under a controversial plan scheduled for review and possible approval on Monday by the state Board of Regents.
Such students, in order to graduate in the future, would no longer need to earn minimum scores on Regents exams in English and math. Until now, those requirements have applied universally to students for more than 20 years.
The plan, prepared by Education Commissioner MaryEllen Elia, calls for approval on an “emergency” basis, so it would apply to students due to graduate in January.
A Facebook network of parents on Long Island has campaigned for the policy switch in recent months, on grounds that state rules now make it virtually impossible for many students with disabilities to earn diplomas. Without such credentials, parents say, their teenage sons and daughters often find themselves unable to obtain entry-level jobs.
“I'm optimistic that we're going to do something that will help parents and students, and open up new options for kids to earn a diploma,” said Roger Tilles of Great Neck, who represents the Island on the Regents board and supports the new plan.
Tilles added that they appreciated the efforts of Elia in coming up with the plan, and of parents who alerted state officials to the need for such change.
Current state law provides two types of high school diplomas: Regents diplomas for all students who score at least 65 on four state exams; and local diplomas for students who score at least 65 on two exams, while also meeting certain other testing requirements.
Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Special-education students have the additional option of obtaining local diplomas by scoring at least 55 on Regents exams in English and math, or negotiating a maze of scoring appeals and waivers.
Students also can obtain another type of graduation certificate, the Career Development and Occupational Studies Commencement Credential, or CDOS. This can be earned either by completing 216 hours of occupational coursework or passing one of four national work-readiness assessments.
Many parents and students complain that employers don't recognize the CDOS certificate as valid evidence of high-school completion.
The new plan seeks to remedy the problem by giving special-education students a further alternative. Such students could earn local diplomas, so long as they met the CDOS requirements and the superintendent of their district determined that they were proficient in English, math and other academic subjects.
The plan provides an extra cushion for special-education students eligible to graduate in the 2017-18 or 2018-19 school years who may not have had time to satisfy CDOS rules. Those students also could obtain local diplomas, if their principals determined that they had the skills necessary for entry-level employment.
The rules change, if approved, could affect substantial numbers of students.
In 2016, the latest year for which data are available, more than 15,000 students with disabilities statewide, including 1,400 in Nassau and Suffolk counties, failed to earn diplomas and graduate after four years of high school. Most of these students either dropped out or remained in school beyond the usual time allotted.
Some education analysts have voiced reservations about the proposed rules change, on grounds that it might encourage schools to revive the use of separate academic “tracks” for students seeking Regents and local diplomas. Eliminating such tracks was a prime motivation for an announcement by state officials in 1995 that they intended to hold all students to the same academic “gold standard” of passing Regents exams.
Some parents who have been traveling to Albany on a regular basis to lobby for change in graduation requirements said they would withhold judgment on the proposal currently before the Regents until they reviewed the fine print.
“I mean, my hopes are up,” said Jessica Corbett, whose 15-year-old daughter attends school in the Plainview-Old Bethpage district. “But what might be good for a lot of kids might not be good for my daughter. We hear things are moving in the right direction, so we'll see on Monday.”
* TSX up 59.06 points, or 0.38 percent, at 15,657.63
* Seven of the TSX's 10 main groups higher (Updates to close, adds analyst comment)
TORONTO/OTTAWA, March 29 Canada's main stock index rose modestly on Wednesday as a more than 2 percent increase in oil prices boosted shares of energy and resource companies.
A smaller-than-expected increase in U.S. crude inventories along with supply disruptions in Libya helped lift U.S. crude futures $1.14, or 2.4 percent, to $49.51 a barrel.
Canadian Natural Resources was the biggest lift on the Canadian stock index, rising 2.4 percent to C$43.86, followed by Suncor Energy, which was up 1.5 percent at C$42.05. The energy sector as a whole rose 2.2 percent.
Investors on Bay Street also shrugged off the official start of Britain's divorce from the European Union.
That suggests the market could be more resilient to geopolitical factors than had been anticipated after only a muted market response to U.S. Republican leaders pulling legislation to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system last week, said Bryden Teich, portfolio manager at Avenue Investment Management in Toronto.
"There's more of a floor to the market than people had been giving credit to," Teich said.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index closed up 59.06 points, or 0.38 percent, at 15,657.63. Of the index's 10 main groups, seven were in positive territory.
Material stocks also helped support the market, with the sector up 0.7 percent. Shares of Teck Resources were up 1.8 percent at C$29.54 after the company reconfirmed its annual production guidance.
Toronto-Dominion Bank shares edged up 0.4 percent at C$66.13 the day before executives were set to face shareholders after media reports which suggested branch staff were pressured to meet sales targets.
Bank stocks have rallied in recent sessions, though the sector is still down 1.6 percent since the report by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation was first published this month. (Reporting by John Tilak in Toronto and Leah Schnurr in Ottawa; Editing by James Dalgleish)
LAS VEGAS (AP) — The two largest resort operators in Las Vegas would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike, a possibility starting Friday, the union representing thousands of casino workers said.
The Culinary Union detailed how it thinks a one-month strike would impact MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment, which operate more than half the properties that would be affected if 50,000 workers walk off the job. Workers last week voted to authorize a strike as disputes over workplace training, wages and other issues have kept the union and casino operators from agreeing on new contracts.
The union conceded that it is difficult to estimate how the strike at more than 30 casino-hotels would affect Las Vegas overall because the last citywide strike took place in 1984, when the city had 90,000 fewer hotel rooms and only about 12.8 million annual visitors. Last year, more than 42.2 million people visited.
But it says MGM and Caesars would see a 10 percent reduction in revenue because of the loss of group and independent travelers. A strike also could happen as fans head to Las Vegas for the Stanley Cup Final.
“Furthermore, one might assume a 10 percent worsening of operating margins due to the use of less experienced and less skilled replacements … to keep the doors open, rooms cleaned, food cooked, and cocktails served, not to mention other factors such as the disruptions to management staff's regular work,” the union wrote.
Using the companies' earnings reports for the first three months of the year, the union's estimates show a one-month strike could reduce MGM's earnings before interest, taxes and other items by more than $206 million and Caesars' by over $113 million.
Contracts expire at midnight Thursday for bartenders, housekeepers, cocktail and food servers, porters, bellmen, cooks and other kitchen workers at properties on the Las Vegas Strip and downtown Las Vegas, including Caesars Palace, Bellagio, Stratosphere, Treasure Island, The D and El Cortez.
Dealers are not part of the Culinary Union. Casino-resorts that would not be affected by the strike include Wynn Las Vegas, Encore, The Venetian and Palazzo.
MGM, which employees 24,000 of the workers, said it met with union negotiators Monday and has more talks scheduled this week. The company says it remains confident that it “can resolve the outstanding contract issues and come to an agreement that works for all sides.”
Caesars said it “expects to agree to a new 5-year contract with the Culinary Union on or about June 1 when the current contract expires.” About 12,000 of its workers are part of the negotiations for new five-year contracts.
The union said it is asking for training on new skills and job opportunities as the companies adopt technology that can displace workers. It also wants an independent study to analyze the workload of housekeepers and contract language that would protect workers if properties are sold.
“What is going to happen to my position?” said Fernando Fernandez, a guest runner at Caesars Palace. “I think they are going to be disappearing it, because robots are going to be available to deliver everything.”
They said they want training to fix or program the robots that they believe could eventually replace him.
The union says it has asked MGM for average annual wage increases of 4 percent for each of the five years. A document says the company has countered with an approximate 2.7 percent increase.
Caesars workers are asking for an increase of 4.2 percent effective Friday, and annual increases of about 4 percent thereafter. Another document shows the company has offered an approximate 2.8 percent increase for each of the five years.
The average hourly wage of union workers is $23, including benefits such as premium-free health care, a pension and a 401(k) retirement savings plan and $25,000 down-payment assistance for first-time homebuyers.
___
Follow Regina Garcia Cano on Twitter at https://twitter.com/reginagarciakNO
Comments
comments
There are more than 54,000 bridges in the United States that need to be repaired or replaced. That's good news -- relatively speaking -- because a year ago, the number was more than 55,000.
Scroll for more content...
The latest figure comes from a report by the American Road and Transportation Builders Association, a group that advocates for strong investment in transportation infrastructure.
Using data from the Federal Highway Administration, the group releases an annual Deficient Bridge Report.
This year's report, looking at data from 2017, found:
There are 612,677 bridges in the United States.
in the United States. Of them, 54,259 are "structurally deficient, " which means they have at least one key structural element in poor condition.
" which means they have at least one key structural element in poor condition. That's almost 9% of all US bridges , and the figure includes famous ones like the Arlington Memorial Bridge and the Brooklyn Bridge.
, and the figure includes famous ones like the Arlington Memorial Bridge and the Brooklyn Bridge. Americans cross these structurally deficient bridges 174 million times each day.
The report found that the largest number of defective bridges are in:
Iowa
Pennsylvania
Oklahoma
Missouri
States with the smallest number of structurally deficient bridges are:
Hawaii
Delaware
Nevada
What it means to be structurally deficient
Bridges are regularly rated for safety on a scale of 0 to 9, with 9 meaning "excellent." In order to be considered structurally deficient, one of its major components must measure 4 or below.
Being structurally deficient does not necessarily mean that the bridge is unsafe, but it does mean it's in need of repair.
Repairing the deficiencies is critical. Deteriorating bridges can lead to road closures, which means there's limited access for cargo trucks.
Traffic bottlenecks cost the trucking industry alone $60 billion a year in lost productivity and fuel, said Alison Black, chief economist with American Road and Transportation Builders Association, which "increases the cost of everything we make, buy or export."
The journey to repairing
Although the number of structurally deficient bridges decreased this year, it's only down two-tenths of a percent from the previous year.
That's not a huge improvement.
Because there are so many bridges in the United States, repairing or replacing all of them would take 37 years at the current pace.
"There is improvement," said Black, "but a lot of work to be done."
President Trump has said they plan to invest $1 trillion in repairing and upgrading America's infrastructure.
But because details of their plans aren't finalized yet, it's unclear how much will go toward these deficient bridges.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–Seton Hall-Boston College Box
SETON HALL 73, BOSTON COLLEGE 53
SETON HALL (7-2)
Brown 3-6 0-2 6, Fountain 8-15 5-6 21, Samuels 3-5 0-1 6, Hilaire 3-7 0-0 6, Jackson 5-11 1-2 15, Jones-Pack 1-5 2-2 4, Philoxy 0-0 0-0 0, Evans 2-2 0-0 4, Healy 1-1 0-0 3, Jimenez 1-4 0-0 3, Smith 1-3 0-0 3, Winters 1-3 0-0 2, Totals 29-62 8-13 73.
BOSTON COLLEGE (4-6)
Guy 3-6 0-0 6, Pineau 8-14 2-3 18, Bolden-Morris 2-13 0-0 5, Lowery 0-11 0-0 0, Ortlepp 2-13 2-2 6, Quandt 4-6 1-1 9, Anastos 1-1 4-6 7, Gartner 1-3 0-0 2, Totals 21-67 9-12 53.
Seton Hall 14 20 19 20 —73 Boston College 11 11 18 13 —53
3-Point Goals_Seton Hall 7-17 (Fountain 0-3, Samuels 0-1, Hilaire 0-1, Jackson 4-6, Healy 1-1, Jimenez 1-2, Smith 1-2, Winters 0-1), Boston College 2-22 (Bolden-Morris 1-9, Lowery 0-4, Ortlepp 0-7, Anastos 1-1, Gartner 0-1). Assists_Seton Hall 16 (Hilaire 8), Boston College 13 (Anastos 5). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Seton Hall 42 (Fountain 10), Boston College 41 (Pineau 8). Total Fouls_Seton Hall 17, Boston College 12. A_1,249.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
"For as hard as they work, they do know how to cultivate real relationships, and I think that was really evident today." - Emily Ratajkowski at Jason Wu's 10th anniversary dinner. #wwdeye (📷: @joejoegrams)
A first of its kind study shows typical interruptions experienced by on-call radiologists do not reduce diagnostic accuracy but do change what they look at and increase the amount of time spent on a case.
The implication of the finding is that as radiologists contend with an increasing number of workplace interruptions, they must either process fewer cases or work longer hours - both of which have adverse effects in terms of patient outcomes, said Trafton Drew, the study's lead author. They also may spend more time looking at dictation screens than reviewing medical images.
"In radiology, there is a growing recognition that interruptions are bad and the number of interruptions faced by radiologists is increasing," said Drew, an assistant professor of cognitive and neural science in the University of Utah's Department of Psychology. "But there isn't much research at all on the consequences of this situation."
The Journal of Medical Imaging published the study online; it will appear in its July-September issue. Co-authors are: Lauren Williams, Department of Psychology, University of Utah; Booth Aldred, Department of Radiology and Imaging Sciences, University of Utah/Austin Radiological Association, Austin, Texas; Marta Heilbrun, Department of Radiology and Imaging Sciences, University of Utah/Emory University Hospital; and Satoshi Minoshima, Department of Radiology and Imaging Sciences, University of Utah.
Other research has shown that an on-call radiologist typically receives an average of 72 phone calls during a typical 12-hour overnight shift. An interruption, for example, might involve conferring with an emergency department physician about a new patient.
In the study, experienced radiologists were given a list of pre-selected, complex cases to read and were then interrupted by a telephone call that played a pre-recorded message from another physician that asked them to evaluate a different patient's case. The study is the first to experimentally manipulate whether specific cases were or were not interrupted.
"This let us look at the effect of the interruption without worrying about whether a particular case might have been more difficult than others," Drew said.
The researchers used eye-tracking software to determine what radiologists were looking at before, during and after being interrupted. Drew and their team anticipated that an interruption would lead to errors in interpreting images, but "it didn't change the error rate at all."
However, radiologists spent several additional minutes overall on the case they were reviewing the first time they were interrupted. They also spent more time looking at a dictation screen, suggesting the screen serves as an external memory aid, and less time viewing medical images after the distraction.
"That suggests they had to recollect what they looked at and the dictation screen helped them do that," Drew said. "Given that radiologists spend about 10 minutes on a complex case, we think this could be a big problem in the aggregate. They can go back to what they were doing but there is a significant cost there in terms of time. If we could do something to reduce the interruptions it could really help radiologists out."
Some radiologists who participated in the study noted that the interruptions used by researchers were benign compared to the disruptions they often experienced in the workplace. Drew and their colleagues hope to follow up on this concern in future research.
"If radiologists truly spend less time on medical images and more time on dictation after being interrupted, it may explain why prior research has found that shifts with more interruptions tend to have more uncertainty about patient diagnosis," Drew said. "If it takes some period of time for the radiologist to reconstruct what they or they saw prior to the interruption, it might actually be good practice to take a little longer on cases when they are interrupted. Ultimately, this means that interruptions will either lead to more potential for error or fewer cases being seen by the radiologists."
###
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Michigan guard Jordan Poole (2) is chased by teammates after making a 3-point basket at the buzzer to win an NCAA men's college basketball tournament second-round game against Houston on Saturday, March 17, 2018, in Wichita, Kan. Michigan won 64-63. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)
Michigan guard Jordan Poole (2) is chased by teammates after making a 3-point basket at the buzzer to win an NCAA men's college basketball tournament second-round game against Houston on Saturday, March 17, 2018, in Wichita, Kan. Michigan won 64-63. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)
One word succinctly describes what's transpired so far in the NCAA Tournament:
Madness.
But even that's probably underselling it.
A comeback for the ages by Nevada. An entire region left without a Top 4 seed in the Sweet 16 for the first time in tourney history. The 16-seed winner UMBC, falling short in its attempt to extend its historic run as underdog darlings. Oh, and defending national champion North Carolina is out, routed in its own state by Texas A&M.
And that was just on Sunday. When No. 1 seed Xavier was bounced, too.
A memorable, zany first two rounds - even by March Madness standards - set up what could be another wild two weekends in a tournament where anything can become reality.
"It's what makes March Madness special and it kills the coaches because it's so hard and you think you have a great team," Kansas State coach Bruce Weber said. "It's March Madness and you never know what's going to happen."
Before the first tipoff on Thursday, many prognosticators had deemed this tournament one of the most wide-open in recent history.
It's turned into a nutty, once-in-a-generation kind of ride.
Loyola-Chicago won two thrillers to get to the Sweet 16, making a social media star out of their 98-year-old chaplain, Sister Jean. And then the telegenic nun who provides their own scouting reports to players got overshadowed by the ultimate Cinderella team.
The UMBC Retrievers became the first No. 16 seed in the history of the men's tournament to beat a No. 1 seed, defeating Virginia in the first round Friday night.
By 20 points. Over the top overall seed and the unanimous No. 1 team in the AP poll.
The Retrievers' run came to an end on Sunday night in a 50-43 loss to ninth-seeded Kansas State, but not before tattooing a lasting imprint on American sports, drawing attention from stars of the NFL, NBA and Twitch - and love from underdogs everywhere.
"We put our name on the map. We (gave) hope to teams that come to the tournament with lower seeds," guard K.J. Maura said.
UMBC's success story contributed to the messy, unprecedentedly jumbled bracket in the South Region, where the highest-remaining seed is No. 5 Kentucky. It's the first time in tourney history that a regional semifinal will be held without a top 4 seed, according to the NCAA.
Seventh-seeded Nevada added to that by matching the second-biggest comeback in tournament history to beat No. 2 seed Cincinnati 75-73 after trailing by 22 points in the second half.
"That locker room right now, I've never seen anything like it in my life. It's the happiest I've ever seen. It's the happiest I've ever been in my life," Wolf Pack coach Eric Musselman said.
The way reigning champion North Carolina got bounced from the tournament in an 86-65 loss to Texas A&M might have been the top storyline on any other tournament day. It left coach Roy Williams with the most lopsided tournament loss of their Hall of Fame career.
It was also the second straight year the titleholder lost before the Sweet 16. And it happened in UNC-friendly territory in Charlotte, North Carolina, where the Tar Heels hadn't lost a tourney game since 1979.
"I didn't picture it ending it like this," said Williams with their players sitting nearby. "I pictured it ending with these guys having a huge smile on their face, but that's not college basketball."
WHO'S LEFT: A look at the teams and matchups for the Sweet 16 by region.
South: No. 5 Kentucky vs. No. 9 Kansas State; No. 7 Nevada vs. No. 11 Loyola-Chicago.
West: No. 4 Gonzaga vs. No. 9 Florida State; No. 3 Michigan vs. No. 7 Texas A&M
Midwest: No. 1 Kansas vs. No. 5 Clemson; No. 2 Duke vs. No. 11 Syracuse
East: No. 1 Villanova vs. No. 5 West Virginia; No. 2 Purdue vs. No. 3 Texas Tech.
CALL IT A COMEBACK: Nevada's comeback from a 22-point deficit matched Duke's rally after beating Maryland in the 2001 Final Four. The biggest comeback belongs to BYU, which trailed by 25 points before beating Iona in the 2012 First Four.
GLASS SLIPPERS IN SOUTH: What a mess in the underdog-laden South.
The top four seeds - No. 1 Virginia, No. 2 Cincinnati, No. 3 Tennessee and No. 4 Arizona are all done.
"You know, just obviously we didn't think 16 was going to ... beat a 1," Weber said. "You thought it would be a little different situation, but we just said we could write history tonight. No 9 has ever beaten a 16 to go to the Sweet 16, so we wrote our own history tonight."
SPOILED HOME COOKIN': Don't invite Texas A&M and Syracuse to homecoming parties.
The Aggies manhandled North Carolina in Charlotte in surprisingly easy fashion to get to the round of 16 for the second time in three seasons. After holding a 47-36 edge on the glass, Texas A&M should scare a Michigan team that has had to slog through two victories and deliver a buzzer-beater 3 to get to the Sweet 16.
In Detroit, Syracuse tuned out the noise from a Michigan State-partisan crowd for a 55-53 win . The Orange's trademark 2-3 zone gave another unfamiliar opponent fits after holding the more talented Spartans to 26 percent shooting.
An NCAA tourney run that started with the First Four in Dayton for Syracuse will continue against Duke in the Sweet 16 in Omaha, Nebraska.
TWO ONES ARE DONE: Two No. 1 seeds didn't make it out of the tournament's opening weekend for the first time since 2004, when Stanford and Kentucky both lost in the second round.
This time around, Virginia and Xavier were the top seeds that were bounced.
The Cavaliers went home on Friday after the historic loss to No. 16 seed UMBC. The Musketeers gave up a 12-point lead on Sunday and fell to Florida State, 75-70. It was a disappointing ending for a program that returned four starters from a team that lost in the Elite Eight last year to Gonzaga.
The only other years when two top seeds lost in the first weekend were 1981 and 2000.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org ; https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
National Youth Sports Week runs from the 16th to the 22nd of July. During this time, youth sports organizations and members of Congress will publicly encourage healthy lifestyles for kids through sports participation. As you can expect, there will be lots of games and competitions that week.
Some kids will win and some will lose.
Historically, Americans are not good losers. During my short “career” in sports, I've been treated to a variety of philosophies on winning and losing:
“Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing.” (Vince Lombardi)
“Show me a gracious loser and I'll show you a failure.” (Knute Rockne)
… among others I'd rather not repeat.
Losing is important
Undoubtedly, these bromides will be ladled over America's youth throughout the Summer of '18 in an effort to teach (ironically) the good values that sports inspire.
What's weird to me though is how much we invest in kids to teach them how to win and what little we do to teach them how to lose. Losing is important and our kids need to learn that.
For starters, the statistical possibility of winning is stacked against you.
There is only one spot for First Place in a competition. Unless you believe in participation trophies (and I absolutely do not), lots of athletes are going to “lose” any given event.
Rather than separate the experience into absolute categories (another thing we're bad at), we should help young players develop as athletes.
I can tell you that many coaches would prefer to recruit players who exhibit “athleticism” over an impressive record of wins. Why? Because when Junior gets to that next level of competition, it's their or their physical condition that the coach will need to develop winning talent.
Focus your child on nutrition (not supplements), weight management (not body image), and long-term skill progression as investments into their or their potential as an athlete.
Losing has psychological implications, too.
Human brains have “reward” centers, and winning is certainly a big reward.
But losing civilizes us.
Losing teaches humility.
Losing dampens egos that destroy a team.
Losing forces us to “go back to the drawing board” and improve our problem-solving.
Kids preparing for track run race start.
Getty Images
Not what you get, but what you become
Consider Dick Fosbury who did that "went back to the drawing board" in the 1960s and revolutionized the high jump. The Fosbury Flop had to come from a loser — from somebody forced to find another way to compete successfully.
With no offense to the likes of Lombardi and Rockne, there is a better philosophy to instill in our sporting youth, and it comes oddly enough from English art critic, John Ruskin, who suggested that “the highest reward for a person's toil is not what they get for it, but what they become by it.”
I love that.
When you shuttle your young athlete to and from practice, when you cheer them on during competition, when you console them after a loss, think about who they are becoming from that toil.
If your kid is becoming a better person through teamwork or is developing what will be a life-long love of physical fitness, those are wins on any scoreboard.
Christopher George Berger, PhD, ACSM EP-C, CSCS, is an exercise physiologist with Arizona State University.
Like All the Moms?
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter.
READ MORE:
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
By: Rebecca Turco
Email: rturco@abc6.com
NORTH PROVIDENCE, R.I. – North Providence Mayor Charles Lombardi released a lengthy independent report Monday, finding that the sexual harassment claims filed by the department's highest ranking female officer are unfounded.
Lombardi described Lieutenant Diana Perez's claims as: "Throw everything at the wall and hope that something will stick."
The findings from the months-long independent investigation also dismiss Perez's gender discrimination and retaliation claims against the heads of the police department, which date back to 2012.
In one complaint, Perez says Acting Chief Christopher Pelagio started singing in front of her, "I like big butts and I cannot lie." In the report, Pelagio denies they meant this about Perez, saying the song was in their head from a movie they had just seen.
The mayor commissioned the investigation and the 74-page report – a roughly $40,000 price tag they say is taxpayer money well spent. The report also found the police department has an ongoing morale program.
The mayor says female employees should still feel welcome there. "I think it's a welcoming atmosphere for all of our employees if they come to work and just do their job, and not get involved in the inter-department, interoffice, the bantering," they explained.
Perez and one of their attorneys, Alberto Aponte Cardona, sat in the front row during Lombardi's press conference Monday. “He couldn't even look at her," Cardona said of Lombardi.
"Not once did they look them in the face because this is nothing but antics,” Cardona continued, "To have to go through this, to be a woman and have to go through this, it's absolutely appalling. To have one of your body parts as an issue or factor in your employment that's degrading.”
Perez remains on leave from work.  They are suing the town, Lombardi, Pelagio and Acting Deputy Chief Charles Davey. Cardona says the report released Monday has no bearing on their federal lawsuit.
Lombardi said Pelagio is still heading the police department for now.
© WLNE-TV 2017
LOS ANGELES — The Hollywood sign got a little green over New Years.
A prankster managed to change the iconic sign overlooking Los Angeles early Sunday to read “Hollyweed,” said L.A. Police Officer Christopher Garcia, who works in the agency's security service division.
The vandal — probably a man — used tarps to change the O's in the sign to E's, they said.
The vandal was caught on security camera footage between midnight and 2 a.m. local time, but police can't tell their race or height because it was dark and raining, Garcia said.
The “Hollyweed” sign remained up until around 2 p.m. eastern time when authorities took down the tarps used to change the lettering.
Estevan Montemayor, a spokesperson for LA City Councilman David Ryu, whose district includes the Hollywood sign, had earlier promised that the iconic sign would be restored to its normal state.
“We don't know who did it but park rangers are going up there very soon to take down the draping that was put on top of the ‘O' to alter the sign,” Montemayor said Sunday morning.
There are sensors at the sign that trigger an alarm for police, but because the sensors are only in certain areas of the letters, it's possible to avoid them. There's a road accessible to the public by foot and car behind the sign.
“We believe this person came from behind the sign,” Garcia said.
Betsy Isroelit with the Hollywood Sign Trust told CNN that the last time the sign was vandalized to read “Hollyweed” was in 1976.
Vandals have altered the sign several times over the years.
Californians voted last month to make recreational use of marijuana legal statewide for those 21 and over.
Drivers soon will be required to slow down in a crash-prone stretch of North Tarrant Parkway in Keller.
The Keller City Council recently approved a 35 mph speed limit from the 800 block to the 1100 block of the busy road, dropping the limit from 40 mph. The new speed limit will go into effect Jan. 1.
“We're trying to reduce the number of crashes on that stretch of roadway,” said Police Chief Michael Wilson. “It's a denser residential area with a lot of cross streets.”
A brick wall in the 800 and 900 blocks has been knocked down 12 times in seven years, city officials said.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
In addition to cars running into the wall, police were seeing numerous collisions between cars driving on North Tarrant Parkway and cars turning onto the road from side streets, Wilson said.
“By reducing the speed by 5 miles per hour, we're increasing reaction time. That, in combination with the plan for signage and roadwork that will be done should make it less dangerous,” they said.
The challenge for drivers may be especially difficult coming from North Richland Hills to the east where the speed limit is 45. West of the 800 block, the speed limit remains 40 through the rest of Keller and into Fort Worth. About 20,000 vehicles a day drive on North Tarrant Parkway in Keller.
Police patrols will increase traffic enforcement in that area to remind drivers to slow down. Keller police post daily on Twitter where they will focus their enforcement efforts.
“It's not a ‘gotcha' or intended to increase ticket counts, but to change driver behavior to make the road safer,” Wilson said.
City officials have also hired a contractor to carve grooves into the surface so vehicles have better traction on the curve. Alonzo Liñan, public works director, said that project should be completed by early January.
Officials plan to leave the temporary barriers in the 800 and 900 blocks, for now. On a rainy day a few weeks ago, a barrier kept a car from hitting a tree in the 800 block.
“We'll play it on the safe side and keep them in place until we're confident the new speed limit and roadwork have done their job,” Liñan said.
(NEW YORK) -- The popular product review site the Wirecutter has released their top picks for rain gear, just in time for those looking for footwear and umbrellas that keep yo...
By The Associated Press
VAN VLECK, Texas (AP) — Residents of a coastal area southwest of Houston are cleaning up debris after at least six tornadoes left a swath of damaged buildings.
Among the homes destroyed was one where a woman inside held tightly to their two young children.
Anthony Ovesny told KPRC-TV in Houston that their wife, Ashlie Ovesny, was home Tuesday with their children, ages 1 and 3, when a tornado touched down in Van Vleck.
The tornado flipped their mobile home and turned it to rubble. Neighbors pulled Ashlie Ovesny and the children from the debris. She's recovering after having surgery for fractures. The children had minor injuries.
Advertisement
The tornado was rated an EF1, with winds of 86 to 110 mph.
An EF2 tornado with winds of 111 to 135 mph damaged subdivisions closer to Houston.
The snake literally jumped in an attempt to bite a rider who was traveling through Lampang in northern Thailand. The man, however, didn't seem to be surprised: they quickly lifted their feet and dodged the snake strike.
After rising sharply over the past several weeks, gas prices rose just a couple of pennies last week and not at all since Friday.
Thinkstock
So, you're taking a road trip for the Fourth of July weekend, and you're about to leave the state.
Do you fill up on gas now, or do you wait to fill up after you cross the border?
Making the wrong decision could cost you more than $10 a tank, depending on where you're heading.
"Watch out for those state lines," says Patrick DeHaan, senior petroleum analyst at fuel-station-finding app GasBuddy.
Gas prices averaged $2.86 per gallon Tuesday, according to AAA, hitting a four-year high for Independence Day travel.
Here's some advice before you head out – all prices according to GasBuddy:
1. Fill up in Arizona, not California
The price disparity between these two states is extreme.
Arizona averaged $3.06 per gallon as of Tuesday, while California averaged $3.73, according to GasBuddy.
At those prices, a 15-gallon fill-up is $10.06 more expensive in California.
2. Fill up in Texas, not New Mexico
If you're road-tripping in the Southwest, price differences can be significant. This is another good example.
The price of fuel in Texas, where oil refineries are clustered, averaged $2.66 on Tuesday. In New Mexico, it was $2.91.
That means you'd save $3.75 in Texas on a 15-gallon tank.
3. Fill up in Louisiana, not Texas
But Texas is more expensive than Louisiana, which is also a hot spot for refineries.
Prices averaged $2.59 in Louisiana on Tuesday, compared with $2.66 in Texas.
Generally, though, "anywhere in the South" is a good place to fill up, DeHaan said. "They're right in oil's backyard. Plus, low taxes."
4. Fill up in Ohio, not Michigan
Ohio is much more forgiving on the pocketbook than its rival to the north.
With prices averaging $2.79 on Tuesday, Ohio was sharply lower than Michigan's $2.96.
5. Fill up in Virginia, not West Virginia
Going white-river rafting in West Virginia? Sounds fun.
But fill up first in Virginia, where prices are 21 cents lower at $2.61.
6. Fill up in West Virginia, not Pennsylvania
West Virginia doesn't look so bad when you see prices in Pennsylvania, which averaged $3.01 on Tuesday, compared with West Virginia's $2.82.
7. Fill up in Massachusetts, not Connecticut
At $2.91, Massachusetts isn't exactly an oasis of cheap gas.
But it's still cheaper than neighboring Connecticut at $3.08.
8. Fill up in South Carolina, not North Carolina
North Carolina is 14 cents higher at $2.66.
Come to think of it, fill up in South Carolina no matter where you're heading. It's the cheapest gas state in the country, according to GasBuddy.
Follow USA TODAY reporter Nathan Bomey on Twitter @NathanBomey.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Actor Sushant Singh Rajput is working on their directorial skills for a space film in which they will also act.
The film will be funded by Innsaei Ventures Pvt. Ltd – an amalgamation of Sushant's passion for emerging technologies and science and serial entrepreneur Varun Mathur's business acumen, said a statement.
“Sushant's passion for the moon and space is second to none in this sphere. They have unparalleled interest to learn more about the universe, and to delve into anything that might help them understand this phenomenon further.
“…. Innsaei Ventures is quite keen on making a space film and Sushant will be working on this very soon.,” said Varun Mathur, Co-founder of Innsaei.
Sushant has always been both enthralled and intrigued by space right since they were a little boy and was first exposed to these phenomena. Sushant visited NASA last year to train, the experience was so overwhelming that they decided to sponsor two of the smartest kids from Mumbai to visit the US Space and Rocket Research Center.
By The Associated Press
BASEBALL American League
CLEVELAND INDIANS — Agreed to terms with LHP Chris Narveson on a minor league contract.
TAMPA BAY RAYS — Designated RHP Eddie Gamboa for assignment. Agreed to terms with RHP Nathan Eovaldi on a one-year contract.
TEXAS RANGERS — Acquired RHP Eddie Gamboa from Tampa Bay for a player to be named or cash considerations. Placed 1B/DH Prince Fielder and LHP Jake Diekman on the 60-day DL.
National League
CHICAGO CUBS — Assigned LHP David Rollins outright to Iowa (PCL). Agreed to terms with RHP Pedro Strop on a one-year contract. Named Ann Weiser vice president of human resources.
CINCINNATI REDS — Claimed RHP Nefi Ogando off waivers from Pittsburgh. Placed RHP Homer Bailey on the 60-day DL.
NEW YORK METS — Sent INF Ty Kelly outright to Las Vegas (PCL).
SAN FRANCISCO GIANTS — Agreed to terms with RHP David Hernandez on a minor league contract.
American Association
LINCOLN SALTDOGS — Signed C Alfonso Reda.
WINNIPEG GOLDEYES — Signed RHP Ryan Chaffee.
Can-Am League
QUEBEC CAPITALES — Released OF Asif Shah and INF William Salas.
ROCKLAND BOULDERS — Signed C Alex Herceg.
SUSSEX COUNTY MINERS — Signed RHP Tyler Herr.
TROIS-RIVIERES AIGLES — Signed RHP Angel Rincon.
BASKETBALL National Basketball Association
TORONTO RAPTORS — Acquired F Serge Ibaka from the Orlando Magic for F Terrence Ross and a 2017 first round draft pick.
NBA Gatorade League
NBAGL — Announced it has been renamed from NBA Development League beginning next season.
FOOTBALL National Football League
BALTIMORE RAVENS — Named Chris Hewitt secondary coach. Promoted defensive assistant Mike Macdonald to defensive backs coach, defensive coaching assistant Drew Wilkins to assistant defensive line coach and assistant strength and conditioning coach Juney Barnett to strength and conditioning coach.
NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS — Signed FB Glenn Gronkowski to a reserve/future contract.
TAMPA BAY BUCCANEERS — Named Skyler Fulton offensive assistant, Anthony Perkins assistant to the head coach, Alex Smith pro scout, Danny Breyer defensive assistant and Zack Grossi offfensive quality control coach.
Canadian Football League
EDMONTON ESKIMOS — Signed DB Andrew Lue and PR Kendial Lawrence.
WINNIPEG BLUE BOMBERS — Signed OL Sukh Chungh to a contract extension through the 2018 season. Signed WR Matt Coates and DT Drake Nevis.
HOCKEY National Hockey League
DETROIT RED WINGS — Reassigned F Dylan Sadowy to Grand Rapids (AHL) from Toledo (ECHL).
LOS ANGELES KINGS — Assigned F Devin Setoguchi to Ontario (AHL).
MONTREAL CANADIENS — Fired coach Michel Therrien. Named Claude Julien coach.
NEW JERSEY DEVILS — Activated D Jon Merrill from injured reserve.
ST. LOUIS BLUES — Placed F Paul Stastny on injured reserve. Recalled F Wade Megan from Chicago (AHL).
WASHINGTON CAPITALS — Reassigned G Joe Cannata from Hershey (AHL) to South Carolina (ECHL).
WINNIPEG JETS — Placed G Ondrej Pavelec on injured reserve, retroactive to Feb. 7. Recalled D Julian Melchiori from Manitoba (AHL).
American Hockey League
AHL — Suspended Cleveland F Brett Gallant four games for an illegal check to the head of an opponent in a Feb. 12 game against Manitoba. Suspended Chicago F Andrew Agozzino one game for an illegal check to the head of an opponent in a Feb. 12 game against San Antonio.
GRAND RAPID GRIFFINS — Assigned F Mike Borkowski to Toledo (ECHL).
OLYMPIC SPORTS
USA GYMNASTICS — Named Brett McClure high performance director for men's gymnastics.
USA SWIMMING — Announced the retirement of national team director Frank Busch, effective Sept. 1.
SOCCER Major League Soccer
NEW YORK CITY FC — Acquired M Yangel Herrera on loan from Manchester City FC.
North American Soccer League
JACKSONVILLE ARMADA — Signed Ds Drew Beckie and Michael O'Sullivan.
National Women's Soccer League
CHICAGO RED STARS — Traded an international roster spot to Orlando for a 2018 second-round draft pick.
COLLEGE
IOWA — Named Tim Polasek offensive line coach and Kelton Copeland wide receivers coach.
KANSAS STATE — Named Collin Klein quarterbacks coach.
OKLAHOMA STATE — Named John Wozniak running backs coach.
SOUTH CAROLINA — Promoted Robbie Liles to director of football operations. Named Matt Lindsey director of player personnel and Corey Miller assistant strength and conditioning coach.
April 20 KeyCorp
* KeyCorp reports first quarter 2017 net income of $296 million, or $.27 per common share; earnings per common share of $.32, excluding $.05 of merger-related charges
* Q1 earnings per share $0.32 excluding items
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.28 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* KeyCorp - Expect to achieve $450 million in acquisition cost savings by early 2018
* KeyCorp - Qtrly taxable equivalent net interest income $929 million versus $612 million
* Q1 net loan charge-offs $58 million versus $46 million
* KeyCorp - Qtrly common equity tier 1 ratio 9.87 percent versus 9.54 percent in Q4
* Q1 allowance for loan and lease losses $870 million versus $826 million
* KeyCorp - Qtrly tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 10.70 percent versus 10.89 percent in Q4
* Remain on track to achieve initial $400 million cost savings target by end of Q2
* Q1 earnings per share $0.27 from continuing operations Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Tewkesbury electrician who broke a four-year-old boy's arm in a “nuisance neighbour” dispute has been fined more than £3,000.
Andrew Brookes, 32, broke the glass in a neighbour's door and shoved them over at around 6pm on December 3 last year.
Because they were pushed by Mr Brookes, the man lost balance and fell onto a child beside him, breaking the boy's arm.
The defendant was handed 26 weeks in jail suspended for two years at Cheltenham Magistrates' Court today, after they admitted assault by beating, criminal damage and GBH without intent.
Chair of the magistrates Sue Filler also fined them £3,160 and sentenced them to 15 days of emotion management training and 150 hours of unpaid work.
The boy was left “in shock” and “severely traumatised” by the incident according to their mother, who said they are struggling to eat or sleep because of concerns for their son.
Mr Brookes claimed they “lost it” after suffering 12 months of “unbearable” noise from their "nuisance neighbour", who was building an extension.
After walking to the man's house, Mr Brookes smashed the glass in the door.
Prosecutor May Li said: “He then pushed their neighbour with such force it caused them to lose their balance and fall backwards.
“He twisted and fell face down.”
They landed on top of the boy, who was next to him, they said.
The boy's mother then came to the scene, seeing the victim had a swollen right elbow and their child was crying.
They said they had never seen Mr Brookes so angry before.
After the woman told them to get out, the defendant called the man a “retard” and told him: “You have no consideration for your neighbours.”
After Mr Brookes returned home, police were called and they were arrested the next day.
The assault victim said: “The child was really shaken up. They asked, ‘Is the big man coming back.'
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“I could hear a clicking noise when they moved.”
The child was taken to Cheltenham General Hospital's A&E, where doctors revealed they had suffered a fracture just under their left shoulder.
The mother said: “It is literally breaking my heart. I feel like my happy family has been turned upside down. It plays on my mind every second of the day.”
Dermot Clarke, mitigating, said: “It had been brewing for some considerable length of time.
“The victim was doing an extension by himself. You have to be accommodating to other people. You can't be a bull in a china shop.
“The noise was unbearable. It was not only noise but rubble. It was like being on a building site. The house was shaking.”
Mr Clarke added that their client asked the neighbour to warn them ahead of any building work, but this was ignored.
They said Mr Brookes only pushed the man because they saw they were holding a drill and panicked.
Asked why they did not just knock on the door, Mr Brookes replied: “Because there is no reasoning. I tried.”
Mr Brookes has said they feel “terrible” about the incident and it is not in their nature.
Handing down the sentence, Ms Filler told Mr Brookes: “You are a man of good character who had reached the end of your tether.
“The child has come out of this very, very badly. You are lucky to be walking free today.”
GNUstep is the long-standing free software project working to implement Apple's Cocoa Objective-C frameworks used by macOS. The GNU project has made new releases of their GUI and Back libraries. GNUstep GUI 0.26 is out this morning as the latest update to their graphical user-interface library. GNUstep GUI 0.26 has a number of compatibility improvements, translation updates, mouse tracking logic improvements, bug fixes, and other work. GNUstep Back 0.26 is also out with various updates.Those wishing to learn more about this ambitious project can do so at GNUstep.org
BERLIN (AP) — A Syrian man has been arrested in Germany on suspicion of seeking 180,000 euros ($190,000) from the Islamic State group to buy vehicles that they intended to use for one or several bomb attacks, authorities said Monday.
The 38-year-old, who came to Germany in late 2014 as an asylum-seeker, was arrested on Saturday in Saarbruecken, close to the French border.  They are accused of collecting money to be used by them or someone else to carry out murder.
Prosecutors accuse them of contacting someone in Syria “who they knew was in a position to obtain IS money for terror financing” last month via the Telegram encrypted communication service. The suspect allegedly asked for 180,000 euros so that they could buy and repaint vehicles that they intended to fit out with explosives before driving them into crowds.
The case against them was bolstered by an informant who went to Germany's Federal Criminal Police Office, chats on the suspect's smartphone and their own statements, “insofar as they can be followed,” prosecutors said in a statement.
The Syrian is alleged to have told the financier that each vehicle would cost 22,500 euros, and that 400 to 500 kilograms (882 to 1,100 pounds) of explosives would be placed in each car, they added.
Police said in a separate statement that the man had sought IS financing for an “as yet substantiated attack scenario with the help of prepared vehicles in Germany, France, Belgium and the Netherlands.”
In questioning, the man acknowledged that they had been in contact with IS, but denied “terrorist intentions,” prosecutors said.
Investigators have found no evidence that they already had vehicles fitted out to conduct attacks. Police said that a search of their apartment turned up no evidence of any concrete danger to New Year's Eve celebrations.
Germany saw three attacks last year claimed by IS and carried out by asylum-seekers — two in Bavaria in the summer, in which the assailants were killed and a total of 20 people wounded, and the Dec. 19 truck attack on a Berlin Christmas market in which 12 people were killed.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
By: Mary-Ellen Davis, Assistant News Editor and Marcus Dieterle, Editor-in-Chief
Photo by Marcus Dieterle/ The Towerlight
Towson University announced on Twitter a little after noon that Burdick Hall will be closed today until further notice due to a broken water pipe.
According to an email from TUPD that was sent at about 2 p.m., “a frozen coil in the air handler unit over [Campus Recreation] in Burdick Hall caused a water leak.”
“Offices and classrooms in the remainder of Burdick Hall were not affected and will be open for business as usual,” the email said.
TUPD said they anticipate re-opening the Campus Recreation portion of Burdick by Feb. 6, but will try to re-open as soon as possible.
Water is dripping from the side of Burdick near the entrance in front of the University Union.
Resident assistant Isabelle Linder said their residents alerted them to a water issue in Burdick in their floor's group chat. Unaware of the building's closure, Linder came to Burdick expecting to work out, but they quickly realized they wouldn't be able to do so.
Linder, a junior majoring in health management, said she's “kind of bummed” that Burdick is closed today, but that it doesn't affect their Saturday too badly.
“My Saturday's pretty free,” they said. “Hopefully I can go tomorrow though because I like going on the weekends because it's easier than going in between classes and stuff.”
Freshman pre-nursing major Brynn Martin was surprised to see the new facilities closed so quickly after reopening for the semester.
Burdick Hall opened Jan. 27 after $34 million expansion project that occurred over the past two-and-a-half years.
“I was actually thinking about going to the gym earlier,” Martin said. “Seeing this water close it is kind of weird because it's new.”
Freshman Chibuike Nwokorie said they hope Burdick will be open by Monday so the closure doesn't interrupt their workout schedule.
“It's kind of a bummer,” said Nwokorie, who is majoring in computer science and minoring in business. “It's not going to affect my weekend too much, but once I get back to the flow of classes, it's going to suck not to have that distraction.”
Freshman theater design and production major Holly Adelhardt said sometimes situations like these just happen and that they aren't too affected by the closure.
“It doesn't bother me too much because I understand that things can happen, so it's just kind of one those ‘I'll come again later and see what happens,'” Adelhardt said.
We will update this story as new information becomes available.
Linda Winer Winer is chief theater critic and arts columnist for Newsday, which they joined in 1987.
We don't often get the chance to think about Carol Channing and Eugene O'Neill's father in the same space. But here we are, pondering actors who famously made their careers with massively popular star vehicles.
Channing, as even Bette Midler fans must know, was the first Dolly Gallagher Levi when Jerry Herman's “Hello, Dolly!” opened on Broadway in 1964. And, though personalities as diverse as Phyllis Diller and Pearl Bailey have put on the red sparkly gown and enjoyed having male choruses claiming they were back where they belonged, Channing is the icon, the definition of trouper, the Dolly female impersonators dress up to be — at least until Midler just entered the pantheon.
A less happy tale of character continuity is the tragedy of James O'Neill, the Irish-born American actor with serious ambitions who got rich and swashbuckling-famous as “The Count of Monte Cristo” and was never able to pry themselves out of the money trap.
Perhaps even worse, their irritating son, Eugene, had to go and immortalize the man's bitter miserliness, vain insecurities and the damage inflicted on their family in a masterpiece, “Long Day's Journey into Night.” According to the definitive O'Neill biography by Arthur and Barbara Gelb, the actor first took on the role when they looked smashing in “tight velvet breeches and closefitting doublet,” but got stuck touring the country in them for more than 25 years.
Although Channing is believed to hold the endurance record for doing more than 5,000 Dolly performances in New York and on the road, the Gelbs have them bested by O'Neill's 6,000 times. Of course, from everything we know, Channing has never resented their bubbly doppelgänger, while that darn Count apparently ruined their career.
Actors generally don't stick around a particular character long enough to be bound together in the public mind. As I wrote in my review of the 1995 “Dolly” revival, the theater doesn't have creatures like this anymore, stars with oversized personalities who like to tour, who so embody the old greasepaint mythologies that we feel almost forced to buy into them, at least for a few hours.
These days, actors tend not to tour the country for weeks, much fewer years. In fact, most of the highest-profile, star-driven Broadway shows only sign up for limited runs, 14 weeks or, in the case of the magnificent revival of “Sunday in the Park with George” starring Jake Gyllenhaal, a mere 10.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Compare that with Anthony Quinn, so proud of their identification as Zorba, the life-loving Greek. Even though they didn't create the role in 1968 (Herschel Bernardi was the original), Quinn predated the show in the 1964 movie. When the musical, called simply “Zorba,” was revived in 1983, Quinn signed on to Broadway and the road.
“I hate the term, ‘the road,' they told the Chicago Tribune that year, “because it makes touring sound so provincial I like the idea of touring, of seeing many places instead of just settling down.” Quinn, who died at 86 in 2001, said they identified so deeply with the character that they claimed there were times they didn't know if they were playing Zorba or Zorba was playing him, adding, “He is my man.”
And what about Yul Brynner, connected to “The King and I” from the opening in 1951 and (in the days before a non-Asian king would be unthinkable), still saying “et cetera” on what was called their “historic farewell engagement” in 1985? In an interview at that time, Brynner told me that they did not even miss a performance while they were undergoing radiation for the lung cancer that killed them later that year, at 65.
Although they had made 40 movies, considered themselves a professional photographer and directed live series in TV's early days, they seemed to have made peace with being forever identified as the King of Siam. As they put it with just a hint of regret, “Naturally, everyone thinks of me in terms of this show. But I've done other outstanding things.”
And then there is the complex ambivalence of Zero Mostel, forever Max Bialystock in the movie of “The Producers” but, perhaps even more linked to Tevye, the philosopher milkman they played on Broadway in 1964 and in the 1977 revival of “Fiddler on the Roof.”
The show's creative team, including director Jerome Robbins, producer Harold Prince and lyricist Sheldon Harnick, were less than delighted with the actor's infamous onstage improvisations. Almost immediately after the opening, they began embellishing their performance. As Prince told me in 2014, the show's 50th anniversary, “Nobody was more brilliant or more creative than Zero, but they got bored quickly.” Harnick, still annoyed, said, “Other actors never knew where they would be on the stage.”
But audiences loved him, as did I. I cherish the memory of a lunch interview before the revival opened a pre-Broadway run in Chicago in 1976. As I wrote, they “pads around the stage like an ancient Talmudic pachyderm . . . an incorrigible scene-stealer, they toss their stage ideas with a bit of the unedited abandon Norman Mailer throws into their books.”
It was inarguably the Zero Mostel traveling Russian-Jewish village roadshow, and they unleashed their excess on everyone around. One night, when the show got to New York, they ripped off Golde's nightgown in the dream sequence and the actor, Thelma Lee, finished the scene in a blanket.
And yet. They were deeply political, a serious man and a serious artist, looking forward to reminding people of that by playing Shylock in “The Merchant,” Arnold Wesker's 1977 reworking of “The Merchant of Venice.” Mostel died that year at 62, before the play opened.
I never got to ask them about boredom, but everyone has always been asking Channing about it. The phenomenon, now 96, told Newsday around the time of the 1995 revival, and final revival, “ . . . It's a perfectly natural question, but I don't see why. You've got to go out there and paint a new picture every single night, to make them believe it's actually happening for the first time in front of their eyes. Or you'll empty the theater.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Wonder if, right now, Bette Midler is telling themselves that, too.
[India], July 04 (ANI): Ministry of Women and Child Development on Wednesday issued a Look-out-Circular (LoC) regarding Non-resident Indian matrimonial disputes.
The decision was taken in the meeting of the Integrated Nodal Agency (INA) held here under the chairpersonship of WCD Secretary.
The ministry has till now issued six LoCs since April 2018 on the basis of the complaints received in the connection.
Earlier in June, Union Minister of Women and Child Development (WCD) Maneka Gandhi said all marriages NRI solemnised in India have to be registered within 48 hours to prevent non-issuance of passport and visas.
Addressing a press conference, Maneka said the WCD Ministry is in the process of issuing orders to the registrars that such marriages have to be registered within 48 hours else the passport and visas would not be issued. Currently, few states such as Punjab mandatorily register NRI marriages. (ANI)
BRUSSELS (AP) — The European Union's top five economies are warning the United States that its massive tax overhaul could contravene some of its international obligations and risks “having a major distortive impact on international trade.”
In a letter to U.S. Secretary of the Treasury Steven Mnuchin, the finance ministers of Germany, France, Britain, Italy and Spain wrote they had “significant concerns” about three tax initiatives in particular, including the so-called base erosion and anti-abuse tax Senate bill.
In a letter seen by The Associated Press, the five wrote that “it is important that the U.S. government's rights over domestic tax policy be exercised in a way that adheres with international obligations to which it has signed-up.”
Real Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane has defended the club's decision not to sign anyone in January, saying they have “blind trust” in their squad as they attempt to claw back a 19-point deficit to Barcelona at the top of La Liga.
The Spanish and European champions were linked by Spanish media with a move for Athletic Bilbao goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga during the winter window.
Zidane, however, said throughout January that they did not want any more signings as they had confidence in the group of players that became the first team to win back-to-back Champions League titles last season.
“We're together, even if it's a difficult moment. I've always seen the players are focused when we have hard times,” Zidane told a news conference.
“I have faith in my squad, I have blind trust in them — nothing else. That's how I live it and I have confidence in them. That's what I want to show; and the squad returns the feeling in terms of work, fight and the attitude that this isn't over.”
There was pressure on Real to enter the transfer market given their domestic slump.
On top of their woeful league form, they were eliminated from the King's Cup at the hands of Leganes and face the daunting prospect of facing in form Paris St Germain in the last 16 of the Champions League.
Zidane's long-term future could hinge on European success, but the Frenchman says they are focused on the immediate tasks at hand.
They went as far as to suggest their side are still in the title race as they prepare to visit Levante on Saturday.
“I don't care about what happens next season. I'm here to think about the here and now, to prepare my team for league matches.
“You (the media) are talking as if La Liga is already won, but I don't believe that. You never know in football and we'll try to win all our games.
“As far as the Champions League is concerned we are really up for it. Madrid have won many and we will do our utmost to win our next match in that competition, too.”
Editor's Note: Welcome to our letters to the editor page. Here you'll find reader comments on Advocate articles and other news. We collect readers' opinions from emails, letters, Facebook comments, and comments to valleyadvocate.com. Want to get in on this? Email deisen@valleyadvocate.com and put “BackTalk” or “letter to the editor” in the subject.
King Sarno overstepping their royal office
Jesus Christ!! Springfield has anointed a king. King Domenic Sarno got their four-year term. Now they weilds their power onto immigrants seeking shelter in the arms of Jesus Christ.
How dare our king extend their wishes into the hands of God. They have forgotten they are Roman Catholic. For the king to wage war onto a religious institution (any) is against the American citizens value's.
A Congregational Church established in a church-designed structure has a kitchen, washing facilities, a rectory. There is an apartment there for a caretaker, no? A woman is there because they are scared. No crime has been committed by them inflicting any harm, physical emotional, or financial upon any citizen in the Commonwealth that I know of.
So, they have a legal family here. King Domenic, a supposed Democrat, says no sanctuary city here. OK. That respects civil law, municipal procedures of arrest, accidents, criminal activity, etc. Not a civil choice of refuge. The City Council is passing up an opportunity to put their king formula back in the bottle. Now!! Term limits. Two 4-year terms as mayor or School Committee or City Council.
The Council of Churches in Springfield is silent, the Roman Catholic Church is silent. They have laid down before King Domenic like they did in World War II.
And our King Domenic has trampled our constitution (“no laws abridging freedom of religion”). And Domenic Sarno is slated to replace Richie Neal.
Time to act on term limits. That's how democracy can come here in Springfield and not wielding power, as seen by a person who could be king.
—Peter C. DeLuce, Springfield
The Advocate not critical enough of local police
The Advocate published two articles recently that were very complimentary to local police departments.
First, on Wednesday, April 11, Meg Bantle wrote about how Springfield cops were picketing the city, specifically Mayor Sarno, to come back to the negotiating table, as 385 officers have been without a contract for 20 months. Sarno, as the Advocate is fond of pointing out, is a complete disgrace to our entire region. No argument there. More than that, though, the Springfield police are a despicable department that is rife with corruption and brutality, whose punitive policies disproportionately punish low-income black and brown residents. Further, the ACLU singled them out in 2012 for their abnormally high rates of arresting children in the city's schools. What does this have to do with the union? Police unions are unique in that they work towards insulating cops from accountability and transparency. On Monday, April 16, In These Times released an exposé on how police unions in eight states have backed anti-protestor legislation since Trump's election. And Springfield's union, Local 364, is no exception. For example, after a cop was fired over a racist social media comment, a spokesperson for the union went on record claiming the firing was “political.” Bantle's story, however, by framing it as merely a “labor” story — on the same day as local nurses went on strike and that President Trump signed a law to further censor, and thus criminalize, sex workers online — is incomplete.
Second, on Friday, April 13, Sarah Heinonen published a story about how Northampton police chief Jody Kasper is to be honored by the Western Mass Women's Fund. Sure, private philanthropy honoring a female police chief is a textbook example of what many have dubbed neoliberal feminism. It is what it is, and many have written good critiques. What is important here is that Heinonen uncritically repeats a quote from Ellen T. Moorehouse, who is programs officer for the Women's Fund. Moorehouse suggests that Kasper's department has made “exceptional contributions” that have “shaped community policing for the better.” Perhaps Moorehouse and Heinonen aren't familiar with Chief Kasper's work. The argument of Kasper's 2011 book Progressive Police Supervision is that community policing is no longer relevant or necessary and that it is the responsibility of police officials to focus instead on terrorism and homeland security, etc. Kasper's tenure as chief has expressed this worldview. Yes, the NPD's Open Data Department is a welcome improvement in police transparency, but as Heinonen's article fails to note, Kasper's department has failed to meet several of the suggestions from Obama's Commission on 21st Century Policing, including community oversight of the department and of hiring. All that said, it is disappointing that this flattering story is the first we've heard about Kasper in the Advocate for quite some time. There were no stories about the Chief's proposal to install police operated surveillance cameras, we didn't hear about NPD officers training in Sheriff Joe's jail, nor did we read about the controversy over ‘tactical weapons and training' — better known as riot gear.
The Advocate claims to be an “alternative news source,” but with uncritical coverage like this, I'm not sure how it deviates from the norm.
—Will Meyer, Basemental Columnist and author at www.theshoestring.org.
Related Posts
By The Associated Press
Minnesota 2 1 0 1—4 San Jose 0 1 2 0—3
First Period_1, Minnesota, Murphy 1 (Staal, Zucker), 4:19 (pp). 2, Minnesota, Staal 11 (Granlund, Suter), 10:27. Penalties_Karlsson, SJ, (slashing), 3:07; Granlund, MIN, (holding), 14:09; Murphy, MIN, (closing hand on the puck), 17:54.
Second Period_3, Minnesota, Staal 12 (Murphy, Granlund), 4:58. 4, San Jose, Burns 3 (Hertl, Thornton), 19:07 (pp). Penalties_Olofsson, MIN, (tripping), 8:04; Zucker, MIN, (high sticking), 10:40; Carpenter, SJ, (interference), 13:16; DeMelo, SJ, (high sticking), 16:13; Murphy, MIN, (hooking), 17:14; Staal, MIN, (holding), 17:14.
Third Period_5, San Jose, Burns 4 (Pavelski), 2:41 (pp). 6, San Jose, Hertl 7 (DeMelo, Heed), 14:59. Penalties_Olofsson, MIN, (tripping), 2:00.
Overtime_7, Minnesota, Niederreiter 10, 3:26. Penalties_None.
Shots on Goal_Minnesota 7-8-7-2_24. San Jose 10-9-14-1_34.
Power-play opportunities_Minnesota 1 of 3; San Jose 2 of 7.
Goalies_Minnesota, Stalock 3-3-1 (34 shots-31 saves). San Jose, Jones 11-7-2 (24-20).
A_17,205 (17,562). T_2:36.
Referees_Trevor Hanson, Jon Mclsaac. Linesmen_Ryan Gibbons, Tim Nowak.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The structural properties of proteins that could eventually become important materials for manufacturing and medicine are revealed by a novel optical technique that works rapidly to sort through amino acid sequences even inside living bacteria, according to a team of engineers.
"There remains an urgent need for fast and efficient techniques that can screen the properties of large numbers of protein sequences with minimal sample volume or in living cells," the researchers report online in the journal Analyst.
Naturally occurring proteins like silk, collagen, wool and other natural fibers are a $40 billion industry.
"There are 30 to 40 natural structural proteins that we know of," said Melik C. Demirel, Pierce Development Professor and professor of engineering science and mechanics, Penn State. "Silk is very strong, but when it's placed in water it loses its strength. Squid ring teeth proteins have similar properties, but because they evolved in a wet environment, don't have that problem."
Finding variants of naturally occurring proteins with specific characteristics is only one approach.
"The problem is when we look at mechanical properties there is an area where no natural materials have those properties," said Demirel. "Either nature did not create proteins with those characteristics or they disappeared." The proteins that interest Demirel and their team are both natural and synthetic. They are semicrystalline and the properties the team is looking for can be characterized by their crystalline structure, but crystalline structure changes as a material heats up. Standard flow cytometry lasers produce too much heat for this use.
"The problem with light is that when you shine it on an object, the object eventually heats up," said Demirel. "If we are trying to measure crystallinity, we have to do it fast enough so that it doesn't get heated up and change the crystalline structure."
The researchers are doing flow cytometry, but are using femto and pico-second lasers to inspect the proteins as they flow past in single file. The chosen proteins can then be separated from the rest. The lasers, cycling as fast as they do, do not heat up the samples quickly, so researchers can probe for the information they need before the sample heats up and the structure changes. They use a process called time-domain thermo-transmission which enables screening of proteins in milliseconds and does not kill living cells.
Besides naturally occurring proteins, the researchers are looking at synthetic proteins, specifically adapted from squid ring teeth proteins. Bacteria produce these protein strands, so a non-lethal method of categorizing them is needed. This proof-of-concept research showed that this method does work.
Demirel received a recent grant, "High-throughput screening of evolutionary biological materials," from the Defense University Research Instrumentation Program to create a machine that can do this in larger amounts. DURIP funds can only be used for the acquisition of major equipment to augment current or to develop new research capabilities in support of Department of Defense relevant research. Squid ring teeth proteins, because they function in water, may be of importance in the marine environment.
###
Also working on this project from Penn State were Huihun Jung and Abdon Pena-Francesch, graduate students in engineering science and mechanics; and Benjamin Allen, research associate in biochemistry and molecular biology.
Others working on the project are Patrick Hopkins, associate professor of mechanical and aerospace engineering, Chester J. Szwejkowski, graduate student in mechanical and aerospace engineering, and John A. Tomko, graduate student in materials science and engineering, University of Virginia; and Sahin Kaya Ozdemir, research associate professor of electrical and systems engineering, Washington University. The Army Research Office supported this work.
Five things to know about new TCU AD Jeremiah Donati
Jeremiah Donati will replace current TCU athletic director Chris Del Conte when they leaf for Texas. Here are five things to know about the man already serving as Del Conte's right-hand man for Horned Frog Athletics.
Axiom Market Research & Consulting™ added an Industrial Salts Market Report, By Production Method, End User and Geography-Global Market Share, Trend Analysis & Forecast Up To 2024
Rock salt has been used widely over a while now, but since this product has so many widespread applications, the salt industry has become more competitive over time. This encourages manufacturers and consumers alike to determine the most competitive uses for industrial salt. Right from the oil industry to chemical industry, industrial salts are being used for varied applications having no substitutes. Although it is not the rarest source it's high demand for safety and manufacturing purposes means that salt prices will continue to fluctuate for the foreseeable future. Hence, in order to ensure a flowing salt pipeline, several industrial salt consumers are considering salt from a variety of global sources. The application of industrial salts in caustic soda and chlorine manufacturing sectors are driving the growth of this market worldwide. Industrial salts market is expected to reach over USD 15.0 to 16.0 billion by 2024, growing at a CAGR of more than 2.7% during the forecast period 2019 to 2024.
Salt is extensively used as a de-icing salt in the developing regions as they fall under the snowfall regions in the world. The highway and automobile corrosion problems have been well documented and hence, high demand is reported for industrial salts from the developing economies such as North America and Europe among others. Fluctuating raw material prices may significantly hamper the growth of industrial salts market in the coming years.
Download a Free Sample Copy Click Here
Scope & Analysis of the Report Based on Geography:
The global market is studied for key regions such as, North America which includes U.S., Canada and Mexico, Europe which includes Germany, France, U.K., Italy, Rest of Europe, Asia Pacific which includes China, Japan, India, South Korea, Rest of Asia Pacific and Rest of the world which includes Latin America and Middle East and Africa.
Global Industrial Salts Market Is Led By Leading Companies:
The global industrial salts market is concentrated with leading manufacturers such as The Chemours, Iluka Resources, Rio Tinto, Trimex Sands, and Tronox having a strong hold on the global market. Some of the key manufacturers of industrial salts in the global market include Agros, Akzo Nobel, Artyomsol, Thistle, Cheetham Salt, Dampier Salt, Dev Salt, Dow Chemical, Exportadora De Sal, Henrique Lage Salineira, Hubei Shuanghuan Science and Technology, ICL Fertilizers, Irish Salt Mining and Exploration, ALKALI, Kopalnia Soli Klodawa Spolka Akcyjna, Mitsui, Pakistan Mineral Development, Russolo, Salinas, Swiss Saltworks, Solana Tuzla, Südwestdeutsche Salzwerke, Tata Group, United Salt, Vietnam national Salt and Wacker Chemie, among others.
Inquire for further detailed information about Industrial Salts https://axiommrc.com/speak-to-analyst/?report=1700
Key Questions Answered in Report: –
• What is the Future Scope of global Industrial Salts market up to 2024
• What are the challenges to market growth?
• Who are the key vendors in the global Industrial Salts market?
• What will the market size and the growth rate be in 2024?
• What are the key market trends impacting the growth of the global Industrial Salts market?
• What are the key Companies in the global Industrial Salts market?
• What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Industrial Salts market?
THE BOTTOM LINE Trickle-down education sticker shock has repercussions beyond the middle class.
When I graduated from New York University, in 2001, the cost per year including room and board was about $35,000. It is now about $70,000 — doubled in less than a generation. Should my 1-year-old son apply 16 years from now, a similar percentage increase would price their dad's alma mater at $140,000 a year. That's more than $500,000 for an undergraduate degree.
Manhattan, of course, is expensive, but location isn't the issue. Similarly extravagant price increases have occurred at private universities across the country. Over the period, the College of William & Mary in Virginia has more than doubled, from $23,000 to $56,000; in Louisiana, Tulane University has gone from $35,000 to $65,000.
Attending an in-state, public university is cheaper but by no means cheap. In my home state of New Jersey, Rutgers is north of $30,000 a year for in-state students. And though it, too, has doubled since 2001, the relative bargain has helped make state schools like this highly competitive: in New Jersey, two of the Top 5 toughest colleges to get into are public — in a state that includes both the renowned Stevens Institute of Technology and an Ivy Leaguer, Princeton.
Though at first glance heightened public university admissions standards may look like good news, the negatives outweigh the positives. Price-conscious students who might otherwise attend private universities now take slots away from those who — for reasons academic or economic — have fewer collegiate options.
Unintentionally, those who understandably balk at taking out the equivalent of a home mortgage for an undergraduate degree deter less academically gifted or economically fortunate students from attaining a higher education. In this fashion, runaway tuition inflation has hindered access not only to private universities, but also to public colleges intended to provide a solid, affordable college education for in-state students.
In a society in which a college education has become a near-prerequisite for a middle-class lifestyle, this trickle-down sticker shock has repercussions. We are limiting upward mobility by narrowing the main gateway to the American dream.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Those who do attend college are increasingly finding themselves hamstrung by debt. More than two-thirds of students are graduating with outstanding loans, owing an average of $35,000. That figure has tripled in two decades.
Out of sheer necessity, many young adults today are encouraged to value money over morality. Few people who owe tens of thousands of dollars in college loans are likely to feel particularly altruistic or charitable. The likely end product of our higher education industrial complex is a 22-year-old forced to dig out of a fiscal hole by favoring immediate paychecks over innate passions. Debt is dream-crushing.
Locally, there is hope. This week, New York became the first state to offer free tuition at four-year state colleges for students whose families earn less than $125,000. This momentum, however, is not evident on the national landscape.
In the 2016 election, the Democratic platform similarly included the sweeping goal of eliminating college tuition at in-state public colleges and universities for families making $125,000 or less per year. Donald Trump also expressed some constructive ideas, including a monthly loan repayment cap of 12.5 percent of a borrower's income, and loan debt forgiveness after 15 years, down from the current 20.
But college affordability, like many other pressing issues, has become a casualty of the non-stop circus that defined their candidacy and so far their presidency. The target of the latest presidential Twitter rant has largely overshadowed real problems plaguing society.
The bluster of building walls, banning Muslims, and demonizing dissenters has pushed the college cost crisis so far down the national priorities list as to be invisible. Meanwhile, a bubble is building that America seems as likely to successfully pre-empt as the internet, housing and financial busts before it.
Christopher Dale is a freelance writer who writes on society, politics and sobriety-based issues.
A 35-year-old North Side resident has been arrested in connection with a 30 June burglary in the district.
According to police, the incident happened shortly before 11:00 p.m. at a house on Old Robin Road, North Side.
Police say officers found a man inside the residence with a machete in their possession.
They were taken into police custody and charged with aggravated burglary.
Police say while in custody further investigations were conducted which led them to believe they were involved in other burglaries in the area.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Posted 6 hours ago
Wiper Party Secretary General Hassan Omar says any aspirant who engages in violence or any electoral malpractice during the party nominations will not be
Cyprus has entered a period of real sustainable economic growth, Finance Minister Harris Georgiades said on Thursday in an interview with the Cyprus News Agency, stressing that despite the creation of fiscal space, fiscal discipline should continue.
After completing an economic adjustment programme funded by the EU and the IMF, Cyprus recorded two consecutive years of economic growth, with the finance ministry projecting GDP growth by 2020.
“I would like to stress that the strong growth we have today is not due to any false boost either by debt-driven expenditure or irrational credit expansion, which were the characteristics of the years before the crisis,” Georgiades said.
They stressed economic growth will become sustainable only if efforts to reform the economy continue.
Referring to the 2018 state budget, passed by the Cabinet on Wednesday, Georgiades said the fact it is balanced shows the improvement both in the economic situation and in public finances.
“There is improvement, there is fiscal space, but I would like to make it clear that under no circumstances will we return to a loose fiscal management,” they said, when asked if the period of less strict public expenditure control is over.
“The policies of deficits may suit only temporarily, and would allow a finance minister or a government to satisfy more easily requests and needs but this would be an irresponsible practice because in this way the bill would be pushed further, to the citizens and the taxpayer,” they added.
Asked if development spending provided for in the 2018 budget would have a positive impact on the economy, Georgiades said what's important is to have expenditure that would be sustainable but also create prospects for the economy.
Georgiades fended off criticism that growth is based on temporary factors, noting that the two ingredients of the past which led to the protracted crisis are missing from the current growth cycle, debt-driven expenditure and irrational credit expansion.
“I believe that growth today is real, essentially driven by all productive sectors of the economy, the private sector which I consider the driver of growth, the horse that pulls the wagon of growth,” they said, vowing that the state will continue to support the private sector with tax breaks and public investments in infrastructure projects.
Replying to a question, Georgiades said current growth would become sustainable provided that reforms continue.
“The effort and the aim of consolidating the competitive advantage of an economy and its productive capacity is up to constant reform effort, modernisation which must not have an expiration date,” they said.
Asked whether Cyprus could generate more primary surplus and reduce its public debt through repaying domestic bonds, Georgiades recalled that Cyprus generated one of the highest surpluses in the euro area in the last two years, noting that they believe the maintaining a higher primary surplus “would not be productive and efficient for the economy.”
Replying to a question on whether the government will reduce taxation imposed during the financial crisis, Georgiades said the government intends to do so if fiscal discipline and financial conditions allow.
They recalled that the government did not raise any additional taxes but on the contrary it abolished the temporary contribution by salary earners in the public and the private sector introduced in 2011, it abolished the immovable property tax and introduced tax breaks to specific economic sectors.
“The will is there, a gradual capacity for tax reductions can be created provided we remain focused on prudent fiscal management. The government's approach is towards this direction,” they said.
In expectation of a rating action by Standard and Poor's, the minister was asked whether Cyprus bonds will exit the “junk” classification. Although this is up to the rating agencies, they said they believe that “the facts justify an upgrade.”
S&P's was the first rating agency to downgrade Cyprus' bonds to junk in January 2012, followed by Moody's and Fitch. Cypriot long-term bonds are one notch below the investment-grade category in S&P's rating scale. The rating is scheduled for September 15.
“Actually, the markets are ahead of the rating agencies because they have confidence in the Cypriot economy, which is in a position to borrow with lower yields than before (the crisis)” they added, noting that “we are interested in obtaining the next step but also in further upgrades.”
Cyprus will achieve this, they went on to say, “if we remain steadfast on this policy that has restored the economy with very satisfactory growth rates, that allows us to gain lost ground, the policy of fiscal consolidation but also the significant effort concerning the banking sector.”
March 20 (UPI) -- On this date in history:
In 1852, Harriet Beecher Stowe's anti-slavery novel Uncle Tom's Cabin was published.
In 1854, in what is considered the founding meeting of the Republican Party, former members of the Whig Party met in Ripon, Wis., to establish a new party to oppose the spread of slavery into the western territories.
In 1963, a volcano on the East Indies island of Bali began erupting. The death toll exceeded 1,500.
In 1976, San Francisco newspaper heiress and kidnapping victim Patty Hearst was convicted of bank robbery. Hearst served 22 months in prison and eventually was granted a full pardon.
In 1987, the U.S. government approved the sale of AZT, a treatment, but not a cure, for AIDS.
In 1995, 12 people were killed, and more than 5,000 made ill in a nerve-gas attack on the Tokyo subway system.
In 1996, the world learned of "mad cow" disease from a British government report questioning the safety of beef in Britain.
In 1997, the Liggett Group, fifth-largest U.S. tobacco company, agreed to admit that smoking was addictive and caused health problems and that the tobacco industry had sought for years to sell its products to children as young as 14.
In 2001, five days after explosions destroyed one of its support beams and killed 11 people, the largest oil rig in the world collapsed and sank off the coast of Brazil.
In 2003, U.S.-led coalition forces begin military operations in Iraq.
In 2003, Brian Patrick Regan, a retired Air Force master sergeant, was sentenced to life in prison for offering to sell intelligence secrets to Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein and the Chinese government.
In 2004, after narrowly escaping assassination the day before, Chen Shui-bian was re-elected president of Taiwan with about 50 percent of the vote.
In 2007, former Iraqi Vice President Taha Yassin Ramadan was hanged in Baghdad for their part in the 1982 deaths of 148 Shiites.
In 2010, accusations of sexual abuse of children by Roman Catholic priests were reported on the increase in Germany, Austria, Netherlands, Spain, Switzerland and Brazil.
In 2016, President Barack Obama became the first sitting U.S. president to visit Cuba since 1928 after normalizing relations between the two countries.
Scroll for more content...
Video out of Tampa, Florida, shows what appears to be an unconscious woman fall out of a moving SUV into a busy intersection on Monday afternoon.
As other cars and pedestrians look on, the SUV's driver stops in the intersection, exits their car, and walks to the figure splayed out on the road. They then calmly carries them back to the vehicle's passenger side, returns to the driver's seat and continues on their journey along E. 131 Avenue.
Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office released video of the bizarre scene overnight Tuesday and asked the public for tips on what happened.
"We need the public's assistance to locate the victim as our priority is their well-being. We have checked hospitals and have canvassed the area with negative results," spokesperson Danny Alvarez said.
The sheriff's office made contact on Tuesday with the people in the incident, sheriff's office spokesperson Cristal Nuñez said. The female passenger who fell from the vehicle said it was an accidental injury and that they are doing OK.
The Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office said on Twitter, "According to all three adults in the SUV, the front passenger leaned against the door, which had been repaired due to previous damage, and fell out."
The woman suffered scrapes and lacerations and had no serious injuries, which is why officers did not find them at a hospital Monday night, Nuñez said.
No criminal charges will be filed in the case, Nuñez said. The identities of those involved have not been released.
A Lindenhurst woman was killed by a hit-and-run driver Monday morning, just a block from where their brother was killed by a hit-and-run driver two years ago, police said.
Pauline Aluska, 54, was killed about 12:20 a.m. at Montauk Highway and South 13th Street, Suffolk County police said Monday.
Them brother, John Aluska, 61, of Lindenhurst, was killed by a hit-and-run driver at about 1:20 a.m. Sept. 28, 2015 as they walked on Montauk Highway near Venetian Promenade, police said. That case is still under investigation, police said.
A relative of Pauline, Diane Aluska, 55, was also killed in a vehicular accident this past Mother's Day, police said.
Diane and their 16-year-old daughter, Jenna, were walking on the sidewalk on Wellwood Avenue in Lindenhurst on May 14 when they were hit by a car backing out of a diagonal parking spot across the street, police said.
Just before they were struck and killed, they pushed their daughter out of the way, and their daughter suffered only minor injuries, police said.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“I have no doubt that they saved their daughter's life,” Det. Sgt. James Murphy said at the time.
The driver of that car, Ann Riolo, 80, also of Lindenhurst, was not charged, police said, and that investigation is continuing.
Check back for updates on this developing story.
[India], May 30 (ANI): The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Wednesday registered a case against Sanjay Gupta, owner and promoters of OPG securities Pvt Ltd, two others and officials of SEBI and NSE in a bribery case.
According to sources, the case revolves around bribing NSE officials and developing software to get early trades.
Meanwhile, searches are underway at seven locations across Delhi, Mangalore and Mumbai. (ANI)
Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones said they were told by President Donald Trump last fall that criticism of NFL players who protested during the national anthem was “a very winning, strong issue for me,” according to a report published by The Wall Street Journal on Wednesday.
The comments were made by Jones in a sworn deposition as part of former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick's grievance against the NFL. Kaepernick is suing the NFL for collusion, arguing that league owners have purposely refused to sign them because of concerns about their protests during the anthem.
“This is a very winning, strong issue for me,” Trump told Jones, according to the Journal. “Tell everybody, ‘You can't win this one. This one lifts me.' ”
Miami Dolphins owner Stephen Ross testified in their deposition that Trump “changed the dialogue” on how the league would handle the anthem protests, according to the Journal.
Trump repeatedly has criticized players who don't stand for the anthem, and the fallout led to decreased television ratings for the league last season. The Journal report also said that Jones, Ross and Houston Texans owner Bob McNair testified that they are convinced the protests have hurt the NFL financially.
NFL owners met last week in Atlanta and amended their policy on anthem protocol, requiring that all players stand for the anthem while on the sidelines. If players do kneel or otherwise protest during the song, their respective teams will be fined. Teams have the option of levying fines against individual players if they demonstrate. Players who do not wish to stand during the anthem can remain in the locker room and thereby avoid having their teams and themselves subjected to fines.
After the owners approved the new anthem protocol, Jets chairperson Christopher Johnson said they would not stand in the way if their players wanted to protest during the anthem and join other players around the league trying to draw attention to social justice issues.
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
“I do not like imposing any club-specific rules,” Johnson told Newsday last week. “If somebody [on the Jets] takes a knee, that fine will be borne by the organization, by me, not the players. I never want to put restrictions on the speech of our players. Do I prefer that they stand? Of course. But I understand if they felt the need to protest.”
The Journal reported that the depositions indicated that Trump's criticism of the players factored into the owners' discussions about the new anthem policy.
According to the report, Jones tried to take some of the credit away from Trump.
“Let's [not] give [Trump] that much credit,” Jones said, according to the report. “But I recognize he's the president of the United States.”
The NFL declined to comment on the deposition, citing confidentiality rules of the grievance.
A White House official did not dispute the testimony, according to the Journal.
“The majority of the American people agree with the president, love our country, love our flag, and it should be respected,” the official told the Journal.
Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. offered a revised plan to sell TV stations to satisfy regulators vetting its $3.9 billion purchase of Tribune Media Co., saying it would keep New York's WPIX and offer other stations to friendly buyers in transactions that have drawn criticism.
Signature station WGN in Chicago would go to a business associate of a top Sinclair executive, while other outlets would be sold to a company controlled by the estate of their mother. Howard Stirk Holdings, owned by conservative commentator Armstrong Williams, would buy some stations, as would New York-based hedge fund Standard General LP, led by Soo Kim. Meredith Corp. would buy one.
Sinclair didn't list a potential sale of WPIX, the New York station that it earlier proposed divesting to satisfy regulators.
The Tribune transaction would give Sinclair, which has 193 stations, an additional 42 stations in 33 more markets. The Maryland-based broadcaster is known for its conservative leanings, including commentaries by Boris Epshteyn, a former aide to President Trump.
As proposed in May, the deal would leave Sinclair reaching more than 70 percent of U.S. homes, exceeding an ostensible national limit of 39 percent.
Sinclair said the divestitures proposed Tuesday would bring it into compliance with the national cap. That calculation assumes it can count some stations' audience on a discounted basis, a procedure approved by the U.S. Federal Communications Commission but under legal attack.
“While we continue to believe that we had a strong and supportable rationale for not having to divest stations, we are happy to announce this significant step forward in our plan to create a leading broadcast platform with local focus and national reach,” Sinclair president Chris Ripley said in a news release.
The transactions are aimed at gaining regulatory approval for the Tribune deal and are expected to be completed when that purchase closes, Sinclair said on Tuesday. The company is seeking approval from the FCC as well as antitrust regulators at the Justice Department.
Sinclair had planned to complete the deal by the end of 2017, but now sees it closing in the second quarter of this year. The company has had to increase the level of divestitures in order to push the transaction through.
Sinclair said it would share the operations of WGN as well as the three stations proposed for sale to Armstrong's Howard Stirk. Those three are in Seattle, Salt Lake City, and Oklahoma City, and Sinclair also would retain outright ownership of a station in each city.
Such sharing arrangements have been criticized as end runs around ownership restrictions.
Moelis & Co. served as Sinclair's financial adviser on the TV station deals. They include the sale of WGN, KDAF in Dallas to Cunningham Broadcasting Corp. and KUNS in Seattle to Howard Stirk Holdings. Meredith is also buying KPLR in St. Louis, a CW affiliate, for $65 million.
Sinclair on Tuesday said WGN's proposed purchaser is WGN-TV LLC. In an earlier filing, it identified that buyer as belonging to a Maryland executive, Steven Fader, whose car dealership is controlled by Sinclair executive chairperson David Smith, according to a Sinclair securities filing. Cunningham is owned by the estate of Carolyn Smith, the mother of Sinclair's controlling shareholders, including Smith.
Tina Pelkey, an FCC spokesperson, declined to comment.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
A rally with white nationalists chanting phrases like "Jews will not replace us" and "end immigration, one people, one nation" was, as many expressed online, disturbing yet not really all that surprising.
Within hours of the tragedy in Charlottesville, journalists, scholars and other leading voices weighed in around the Internet, with analysis and deeper understanding of how this unfolded.
Below are some of the most revealing pieces we read.
Here at Code Switch, my teammate Gene Demby wrote about about how white nationalists are edging their movement out of the shadows:
"Richard Spencer, the white nationalist leader and University of Virginia alum who coined the term 'alt-right,' would likely count that openness as its own incremental success. 'If you greeted someone in 1985 and you said, 'all gays should marry,' you actually would get a lot of laughs,' Spencer told The Atlantic last year, not long after the election. 'By 2015, gay marriage is popular. What is possible has shifted. That's what the alt-right is doing. It's shifting the reality of what's possible, and imagining a reality in which they are.' "
Code Switch alum Matt Thompson, now executive editor at The Atlantic, riffed on the brazenness of the white supremacists who marched this weekend, compared with Klan members of decades past who hid under white hoods. "The shameless return of white supremacy into America's public spaces seems to be happening by degrees, and quickly," Thompson wrote.
Dara Lind, a reporter at Vox who wrote an explainer of the rally and its origins, described it as a "coming-out party for resurgent white nationalism in America."
Nathan Guttman, a reporter with Forward, an online news site aimed at Jewish Americans, penned a vivid piece about covering the march. They recounted watching as Spencer launched into a rant about the mayor of Charlottesville, Michael Signer.
" '[L]ittle Mayor Signer — SEE-NER — how do you pronounce this little creep's name?' asked Richard Spencer, a right-wing leader who dreams of a 'white ethnostate,' as they stood on a bench under a tree to rally their troops, deprived of their protest. The crowd knew exactly how to pronounce their name: 'Jew, Jew, Jew, Jew' some shouted out. The rest burst out in laughter. And that was one of the only moments of levity the alt-right audience gathered under the tree enjoyed."
And Jia Tolentino, a writer for The New Yorker and a graduate of the University of Virginia, meditated on Charlottesville's progressive guise and ability to hide its dark racial past. "While I was at U.V.A., the fact that slaves had built the school was hardly discussed, and the most prominent acknowledgment that Jefferson was a slave owner came on Valentine's Day, when signs went up all over campus that said 'TJ ♥s Sally.' "
Many writers also took on the response from President Trump, whose initial reaction to the violence in Charlottesville condemned equally both sides of the protest. "We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides," Trump said, in remarks that brought condemnation from both Democrats and Republicans.
Writing for The New Yorker, Jelani Cobb parsed Trump's initial response further:
"We have seen a great number of false equivalencies in the past two years, and the most recent Presidential election was defined by them. Yet it remains striking to hear Trump imply that Nazis and the interracial group of demonstrators who gathered to oppose them were, in essence, equally wrong. It would have been naïve to expect the President to unambiguously condemn neo-Confederates ("Heritage, not hate," etc.), but Nazis? For reasons that are not hard to discern, the swastika, at least in the United States, has always been more clearly legible as a symbol of racial bigotry than the Confederate flag."
Michael Gerson, a former speechwriter for President George W. Bush, lambasted Trump in a Washington Post piece, writing that the current president was "incapable" of speaking for the nation in the face of tragedy:
"If great words can heal and inspire, base words can corrupt. Trump has been delivering the poison of prejudice in small but increasing doses. In Charlottesville, the effect became fully evident. And the president had no intention of decisively repudiating their work. What do we do with a president who is incapable or unwilling to perform their basic duties? What do we do when they are incapable of outrage at outrageous things? What do we do with a president who provides barely veiled cover for the darkest instincts of the human heart? These questions lead to the dead end of political realism — a hopeless recognition of limited options. But the questions intensify."
On Monday, Trump responded to the increasing pressure to respond more forcefully, and gave a stronger rebuke. "Racism is evil," Trump said. "And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the K.K.K., neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."
In a piece for Commentary Magazine, John Podhoretz, a former speechwriter for Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush, cast a skeptical eye toward Trump's remarks on Monday:
"You can choose to have whatever opinion you have on the president's statement today condemning white supremacists, but it's hard to believe they would have read it out if he'd had their druthers. No, the real Donald Trump was the one we saw on Saturday when they decided to condemn violence 'on many sides' in response to the deliberately provocative and intentionally violent neo-Nazi march in Charlottesville, Virginia; when they decided to refer to the events as 'sad' in tweets; when they wished 'best regards' to those injured by the car that was deliberately smashed into them, killing 1 and injuring 20. When they acted in that way, they were operating according to their instinct. And their instinct said: Do not attack the white supremacists."
What Trump's comments Monday mean for how, exactly, they will handle the resurgence of white supremacists, remains unclear.
As Maggie Haberman of The New York Times tweeted shortly after Trump's remarks on Monday:
Champion Australian thoroughbred Winx took a big step toward knocking American horse Arrogate from the top of the world rankings on Saturday by easily winning their 21st straight race in the Group 1 Turnbull Stakes at Melbourne's Flemington racetrack.
Ridden by their regular jockey Hugh Bowman, the six-year-old mare trounced their six rivals in the 2,000-meter (1-1/4 mile) event, one of the key early races in Melbourne's lucrative spring racing carnival, winning by six-and-a-half lengths.
The 300,000 Australian dollar ($233,000) first prize took Winx's earnings to 13.7 million Australian dollars ($10.7million) second on the all-time Australasian list behind three-time Melbourne Cup-winning mare Makybe Diva.
“She's a brilliant horse. Whatever you ask them to do they do,” said Winx's trainer, Sydney-based expatriate New Zealander Chris Waller. “She makes us all look good. There's no training manual for a horse like Winx.”
Winx — who may be bound for England's Royal Ascot next June — is already at very short odds to go to the top of the Australasian money list when they attempt to become only the second horse to become a three-time winner of Australia's greatest weight-for-age race, the W.S. Cox Plate (2,040 meters), at Melbourne's Moonee Valley course on Oct. 28.
Victory there would likely also send Winx to the top of the World Thoroughbred Rankings, compiled by the France-based International Federation of Horseracing Authorities.
Already the top-rated horse on turf, Winx was given a rating of 132 in the most recent set of WTR figures, just two points behind dirt champion Arrogate, the Dubai World Cup winner earlier this year. However, recent patchy form from the American galloper is expected to result in Winx taking their No.1 position when the next rankings are released on Nov. 9.
Though a horse of fairly unremarkable appearance, Winx has now won 25 of 31 career starts, from 1,100 meters to 2,200 meters. The bay mare's career began in relatively moderate fashion, with wins in just four of their first 10 starts. However, they won again at their 11th start, in Queensland state, in May 2015, and has not been beaten since, with 13 of the 21 successes coming at the top Group 1 level.
Only 11 horses in world history have won more successive races, several of them in lower-level racing jurisdictions and against less than top quality opposition.
One notable exception was another champion Australian mare, Black Caviar, who twice earned a world's-best rating during a career in which they were unbeaten in 25 starts, including one at England's Royal Ascot in 2012.
Kincsem, a Hungarian mare who raced in the 1870s, was unbeaten in 54 starts, while Puerto Rica's Camarero won 56 straight — in a career featuring 73 wins from 76 starts — in the 1950s.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
NEW YORK (AP) — A top Federal Reserve official suggested Monday that the Fed will likely announce next month that it will begin paring its bond portfolio — a step that could lead to slightly higher rates on mortgages and other loans.
In an interview with The Associated Press, William Dudley, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, said they think the Fed has adequately prepared investors for a reduction in the portfolio, which swelled after the 2008 financial crisis as the Fed bought bonds to reduce long-term rates. With the economy now much healthier, the Fed is ready to begin trimming its bond holdings.
Dudley also said that they would favor a third increase this year in the Fed's benchmark short-term rate if the economy remained strong. Many investors expect a modest rate hike in December, to follow the Fed's previous increases in March and June this year.
Speaking of the Fed's likely September announcement that it will begin shrinking its $4.5 trillion bond portfolio, Dudley expressed confidence that investors would react calmly to the prospect of modestly higher rates on some consumer and business loans. They noted that the Fed spelled out to investors months ago the system it plans to use to reduce the portfolio gradually.
“The plan is out there,” they said during an interview at the New York Fed. “It's been generally well-received and fully anticipated. People expect it to take place.”
As president of the Fed's New York regional bank, Dudley is an influential voice on interest-rate policy.  They are vice chairperson of the central bank's policy panel that sets interest rates and is a longtime close ally of Fed Chair Janet Yellen.
Their interview with the AP comes at a time when the Fed has essentially met one of its two mandates: To maximize employment. The unemployment rate is at a 16-year low of 4.3 percent, and job growth remains consistently solid.
Yet the Fed has so far failed to meet its second objective of keeping prices stable. Inflation has stayed chronically below the Fed's 2 percent target rate — a problem because consumers often delay purchases when they think prices will stay the same or even decline. In its latest reading, the Fed's preferred inflation gauge was just 1.4 percent year over year. Dudley said Monday that they still think inflation will rise toward the Fed's target level as the job market strengthens further and sluggish wage growth begins to pick up.
On other topics, Dudley:
— Suggested that Gary Cohn, who leads President Donald Trump's National Economic Council and is close to Trump, would be a “reasonable candidate” to succeed Yellen as Fed chair if Trump chooses not to re-nominate Yellen when their term ends early next year. Dudley, who worked with Cohn as top officials at Goldman Sachs, said Cohn “knows a lot about financial markets,” and “I don't think you have to have a Ph.D. in economics” to lead the Fed. In a recent interview, Trump said they were considering both Yellen and Cohn for the top Fed job, along with some other candidates they would not name.
— Expressed confidence that the Fed's political independence, long considered essential for it to carry out its functions, would remain respected during a Trump presidency. Trump may have the opportunity to install up to five members of the Fed's seven-member board over the next year, and the president has shown a tendency to expect loyalty from some people they have named to key positions. Trump had offered a harsh judgment of the Fed and of Yellen during the presidential campaign but has since avoided making critical comments. Dudley noted that the Trump administration has so far been “very hands-off” toward the Fed, “very respectful of the monetary policy.”
— Said that even as stock prices set record highs and other assets surge as well, they aren't concerned that any potentially devastating asset bubbles might be forming, akin to the subprime mortgage bubble that triggered the 2008 crisis. Dudley said asset prices “are pretty consistent with what we are seeing in terms of the actual performance of the economy,” which they said has been evolving without much volatility.
—Acknowledged that policymakers need to be “somewhat humble” about how the forthcoming reduction in the Fed's bond portfolio might affect financial markets and loan rates. Dudley noted that the Fed has never before had to pare a balance sheet that has grown five-fold to $4.5 trillion. But they said officials have learned from the 2013 “taper tantrum” that rocked markets after a surprise announcement from the Fed, and has sought to telegraph all its actions well in advance.
The Fed's announcement that it will start paring its bond portfolio is expected to come after its next policy meeting ends Sept. 20. The meeting after that, in December, is when many Fed watchers expect the next increase in its key short-term rate, which remains in a still-low range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent.
Yellen and other Fed officials have attributed the persistently low inflation rate, which slowed further in recent months, to such transitory events as a sharp drop in cellphone fees.
Dudley said that if the economy evolves during the rest of 2017 as they expect, with inflation rebounding, “I would be in favor of doing another rate hike later this year.”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
ANN ARBOR, Mich. (AP) – Shea Patterson has impressed Michigan coaches and teammates over the last month, making plays with both their arm and feet.
When the former Mississippi quarterback goes under center for the Wolverines on Tuesday as they wrap up spring practice, their status with their new school will still be in limbo .
Two days later, Michigan's team will travel to Paris. By the time the Wolverines return to campus in early May, the NCAA may have granted Patterson a waiver to play immediately instead of sitting out the season after transferring. Or not.
Ole Miss, whose football program was penalized with sanctions for rules violations, prompting Patterson and other players to transfer, has until Friday to respond to Michigan's application for a waiver. The NCAA can make its decision any time after that.
If Patterson is eligible to play in the fall, their presence would provide a much-needed boost at the pivotal position. If they can't compete until 2019, it would be a setback for the program, a teammate said.
“That would be kind of hurtful,” tight end Nick Eubanks said. “Shea is a good quarterback. He's a great quarterback. They can throw the ball and he's the most athletic quarterback we got right now. He's a playmaker, too.”
Harbaugh, coming off an 8-5 season, seems to need Patterson to potentially provide stability and a two-way threat. But they don't want to sound desperate when talking about wanting them to play this fall.
“Shea's practicing and practicing very well,” Harbaugh said. “He's going about their business and taking care of it nicely. He's controlling the things that they can control. We're treating it the same as a coaching staff and a team.”
Wilton Speight transferred from Michigan to UCLA, leaving three other choices at QB: Brandon Peters, who played in six games last year, Dylan McCaffrey and Joe Milton.
Eubanks described Patterson as athletic, said Peters is relaxed and called McCaffrey confident and Milton a gunslinger.
“I trust all four,” Eubanks said. “All four are good, to me. That's going to be a hard choice to decide who's going to get the starting job.”
Here are some other things of note from the spring:
THE SHAKEUP: Harbaugh has a new-look staff they hope will help college football's winningest program bounce back to having double digits in victories as it did in their first two years.
“Maybe something had to change,” linebacker Josh Uche. “He went out and did what they had to do and brought in the necessary people to try to get us to where we want to be and where we're going to be. We're seeing a big difference in the spring.”
Harbaugh hired former Florida coach Jim McElwain to lead their wide receivers, a move that appeared to lead to the departure of offensive coordinator Tim Drevno. Harbaugh hasn't named an offensive coordinator and probably won't, saying play-calling will be a collaborative effort. They also hired assistant coaches Ed Warinner, Sherrone Moore and Al Washington along with Ben Herbert to lead the team's strength and conditioning program.
“It seemed like we were a little weak last year,” defensive lineman Kwity Paye said.
INVESTMENTS: Michigan has a new strength and conditioning area, complete with a hill to run up, in its former indoor practice facility. A nutritionist is on hand to help players with their diets and a state-of-the-art training room is under construction.
“There are no excuses for us this year not to win,” Paye said. “Coach has done a great job of all the tools. It's time for us to do our part.”
SPRING SCARE: The University of Michigan police department opened an investigation into threats made on social media by a former player against Harbaugh and determined no crime was committed. The player who sent the threatening tweets and later apologized to Harbaugh is linebacker Elysee Mbem-Bosse, according to a person familiar with the situation, speaking to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because neither the school nor its police department released their name. The school confirmed Mbem-Bosse left the program in November and is no longer with the team. Mbem-Bosse, who is from Ellenwood, Georgia, played sparingly the previous two seasons.
GOING ABROAD: Most of Michigan's players will travel to Paris on Thursday and will visit museums and landmarks. Unlike last year's trip to Italy, the Wolverines will not practice overseas.
© 2018 Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
A pop-up performance by well-known Canadian artists Elijah Woods x Jamie Fine on Wednesday marked the official countdown to this year's Canada Day celebrations. Following the noon performance at the Bank of Canada Plaza, Minister of Canadian Heritage Mélanie Joly unveiled this year's program for Canada Day celebrations in Canada's Capital Region.
Want to know who will be performing on June 30 and July 1 in the capital region? Find it all here.
Archives
Archives Select Month June 2017 (1) May 2017 (17) April 2017 (11) March 2017 (6) February 2017 (6) January 2017 (9) December 2016 (16) November 2016 (20) October 2016 (31) September 2016 (67) August 2016 (87) July 2016 (97) June 2016 (99) May 2016 (81) April 2016 (97) March 2016 (93) February 2016 (98) January 2016 (88) December 2015 (90) November 2015 (79) October 2015 (102) September 2015 (67) August 2015 (61) July 2015 (67) June 2015 (58) May 2015 (66) April 2015 (73) March 2015 (53) February 2015 (48) January 2015 (68) December 2014 (54) November 2014 (79) October 2014 (89) September 2014 (74) August 2014 (71) July 2014 (91) June 2014 (82) May 2014 (84) April 2014 (72) March 2014 (62) February 2014 (58) January 2014 (77) December 2013 (59) November 2013 (62) October 2013 (85) September 2013 (71) August 2013 (104) July 2013 (76) June 2013 (82) May 2013 (105) April 2013 (74) March 2013 (81) February 2013 (60) January 2013 (58) December 2012 (61) November 2012 (75) October 2012 (55) September 2012 (65) August 2012 (105) July 2012 (84) June 2012 (82) May 2012 (83) April 2012 (68) March 2012 (78) February 2012 (44) January 2012 (34) December 2011 (35) November 2011 (28) October 2011 (39) September 2011 (41) August 2011 (35) July 2011 (38) June 2011 (32) May 2011 (32) April 2011 (46) March 2011 (25) February 2011 (32) January 2011 (71) December 2010 (81) November 2010 (53) October 2010 (92) September 2010 (4) August 2010 (4) July 2010 (5) June 2010 (4) May 2010 (6) April 2010 (4) March 2010 (4)
Every child is different and so are their learning capabilities for which reason one might excel in a subject while others may find it difficult to handle the subject. Especially when it comes to maths and science many students often find it difficult to cope up with the subject. But that doesn't mean that they cannot do well in these subjects but just need some extra effort and individual attention until they learn the basic concepts quite well and start doing the problems with confidence. This is what you can exactly expect by joining your child in the Dwarka tuition center where lot of attention is paid towards the children who find it difficult to cope up maths and science subjects. The tutors at the dwarka tuition center who has years of experience in teaching the subjects can easily understand the difficulty of the child and teach them using different techniques that makes the subject quite easy and interesting for one to develop their skills and start enjoying their learning process which is very important for one to do well in any subject.
The maths abacus courses for kids is also offered by the Dwarka tuition center that would be very much helpful for the students to do the maths calculations and show progress in solving general mathematical problems. The abacus training method followed by the tuition center is of Japanese abacus where a modern 1:4 bead system is followed to improve the child's calculation power and numerical memory to improve their mathematical skills. By doing this abacus course children can greatly improve their concentration and visualisation power and also the memory of spatial arrangement. Self-study habit is also developed as they start practicing and solving problems on their own. Within no time parents can surly notice a good change in the approach of their kids towards maths and science subjects. It is not just the abacus classes for kids but the tuition center also offer vedic maths and also classes for Olympiad exams, handwriting improvement, computer skills and tuition classes for other subjects.
The tutors not only concentrate on teaching the subject but also improving the logical thinking and reasoning of the students that would help them in further education. Regular tests are also conducted to assess the candidates and feedback is given to the parents on their child progress after joining in the tuition centre Dwarka.
Looking for best maths abacus courses for kids in Dwarka? If the answer is yes, Scholarpoint is right place for you. We are providing abacus classes for kids and it is a perfect way to make your kids smarter, creative and logical. For more details and to see how we work, do visit our site @ http://scholarspoint.net.in/courses-abacus.php
Contact Address:
ScholarsPoint
Shop # B6, Regent Arcade
Sec 26, Pradhikaran, Nigdi
Pune
Maharashtra
411044
India
+91 7065140148
+91 11-42754447
info@scholarspoint.net.in
LAGOS, March 29 The Nigerian arm of South Africa's Standard Bank, Stanbic IBTC Bank, has an exposure of $24 million to Etisalat Nigeria, it said on Wednesday, adding restructuring talks were "ongoing".
The Nigerian arm of Abu Dhabi-listed telecoms company Etisalat has been discussing with 13 local banks about renegotiating the terms of a $1.2 billion loan after missing a payment.
"The members are continuing discussions with Etisalat with the hope of restructuring the loan," the bank told an analysts' call. (Reporting by Chijioke Ohuocha; Editing by Mark Potter)
LANSING, Mich. (AP) - The Michigan Supreme Court has turned away the appeal of a former Rotary Club president convicted in the murder of their wife because prosecutors say they wanted to devote themselves to a secret sexual bondage lifestyle that involved other women.
The court issued an order Tuesday regarding the appeal from Bob Bashara. The trial revealed that Bashara hosted men and women at a sex dungeon under a bar called the Hard Luck Lounge and went by bondage nickname "Master Bob."
Bashara's wife, Jane, was strangled by a handyman in their Grosse Pointe Park garage in 2012. Them body was discovered in their Mercedes-Benz in a Detroit alley.
(Leah Hogsten | The Salt Lake Tribune) Jon Huntsman, Sr. is all smiles after the signing of the memorandum. Officials at the University of Utah and Huntsman Cancer Institute have resolved a months-long dispute over management and finances of HCI. The university agreed to pay $68 million to the institute, to be distributed in installments. In return, the Huntsman Cancer Foundation recommitted to providing $120 million in new donations by 2025 and agreed to a detailed formula for how Huntsman Cancer Hospital revenues will be shared with the U. Health Care system and the Huntsman Cancer Institute.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cheltenham Town Girls Under-18s play their Whitchurch counterparts in the Gloucestershire FA Under-18s Cup final on Wednesday evening at Oaklands Park in Almondsbury (7.15pm kick-off).
The Robins are currently top of their league, while Whitchurch lie third so Wednesday promises to be an exciting game.
Manager Graham Fletcher said: "The girls are playing well, but we know we face a tough test on Wednesday.
"Whitchurch are a very good team, but we will do our best and take them on."
Cheltenham Town Under-18s squad:
Hannah Hughes
Sophie Taylor
Breanna Young (captain)
Elle Mae Simpson
Sophie Wicks
Tamara Griffiths
Doris Greenwood
Kiera Feighery
Hannah Marshall
Melissa Stearns
Holly Fenton
Lauren Jones
Devan Trowman
Saskia Barnett
Eliana Richards
The Greek Cypriot side is preparing intensively for the Geneva conference on Cyprus, scheduled to start on January 9, government spokesperson Nicos Christodoulides said on Monday.
The preparation covers both the period leading up to the meetings, the January 9 to 11 sessions between the two sides, and the most crucial phase, the conference on January 12 with Turkey, Greece and the UK that will discuss security.
Speaking on the sidelines of the ceremony for the transition of the Strovolos mayorship, Christodoulides said preparations will further intensify up to and including January 8, when President Nicos Anastasiades is scheduled to depart for Switzerland.
The spokesperson said the meetings between the two sides' negotiators, as well as the one or two leaders' meetings ahead of the Geneva sessions, are “extremely important”, the hope being that progress in these will act as a catalyst for a positive outcome in Switzerland.
Also, they added, the Greek Cypriot side is preparing for the intercommunal negotiations from January 9 to 11, which will address all internal aspects of the Cyprus problem, culminating in the submission of maps for proposed territorial adjustments on the final day.
“The third phase, and the most crucial one, regards discussion of the chapter of safety and guarantees, which will begin with the conference on Cyprus on January 12,” Christodoulides said.
Asked whether political parties in Cyprus will be informed of the strategy to be deployed by Anastasiades in Geneva, Christodoulides said they will not only be informed but also hopefully, through discussion at Wednesday's National Council session, they will “contribute to unanimous decisions that will serve the common goal of ending the occupation and reunifying our country”.
Such hope for unity and a positive contribution by opposition parties (with the notable exception of Akel, which actively and consistently backs the talks), however, seems wildly misplaced, particularly after Anastasiades has given signs of a more assertive stance toward critics at home.
In a lengthy interview to local daily Politis, which ran on January 1, Anastasiades seemed to have abandoned their strategy of appeasement and urging calm and patience, in favour of a more offensive one, calling critics out and laying their views down more clearly than ever.
In it, they said the Geneva conference will be more of a four-party conference than a five-party one, suggesting that the three guarantors will in essence be negotiating the status of the 1960 Treaty of Guarantee between them and with the Republic of Cyprus, which they will be representing.
The question of whether the internationally recognised Republic, which Turkey claims has been “defunct” since Turkish Cypriots left government and constitutional order collapsed in 1963, will be present at the summit, has all but consumed pre-Geneva discourse, with critics hammering Anastasiades that they have tacitly accepted the downgrading of its status, as they will be attending the Geneva sessions as leader of the Greek Cypriot community.
“I never stopped being president of the Republic of Cyprus,” they countered.
“It is only during the intercommunal talks that I represent solely the Greek Cypriot community.”
Anastasiades also refused to draw any ‘red lines' on security and guarantees, arguing that doing so would force “the other side” to reciprocate, both effectively committing themselves to counter-productive posturing.
They admitted to having accepted setting a date for a multi-party conference before territorial adjustments had been agreed – which they had earlier deemed a precondition – because they didn't want the Greek Cypriot side to be blamed for the collapse of the talks.
But, they warned, if the Turkish Cypriot side fails to produce a map by January 11, “there will be no multi-party conference”.
Anastasiades did not rule out a transitional period where guarantees by Turkey – and others – and a limited number of Turkish troops would remain on the island after a solution, “as long as a reasonable expiry date is attached”.
For the first time, Anastasiades also conceded that the European Union would not be “at the table” where guarantees will be negotiated, though it will be at Geneva.
They argued that today's opposition had raised no such concerns regarding the Burgenstock conference, referring to the March 2004 summit on Cyprus between the two sides, Greece, and Turkey (with other parties, including the EU, present but not actively engaged), which had finalised the Annan Plan.
The suggestion was that today's opposition had forgiven then-President Tassos Papadopoulos' transgressions because it supported their tough stance on the Cyprus problem, which was never likely to lead to a solution.
If a solution were to be agreed and put to a popular vote, Anastasiades said elsewhere, the referendums could be held as early as June 2017.
But, they added, the approaching 2018 presidential election will not be a factor in the timeframe for a solution, as they will be available to work on the Cyprus problem until their last day in office, although if their proposed plan is rejected they will not be seeking re-election.
Anastasiades also acknowledged that they and Turkish Cypriot leader Mustafa Akinci decided to campaign together, should an agreed plan be taken to the people.
The president's newfound candidness seems to have caught opposition parties off-guard.
Predictably, ruling Disy issued a statement of support, saying whether or not the Republic of Cyprus will be at the Geneva talks is a non-issue, as the agenda will feature an international treaty to which it is a signatory, and thus it could not possibly be absent.
Reaction by opposition parties came only from the Greens and nationalist Elam.
“Before the game even starts, the president has conceded an own-goal,” the Greens' leader Yiorgos Perdikis said.
“For the first time we heard the president talk about Turkish guarantees after a solution.”
Elam leader Christos Christou said the Geneva conference is “illegal” as it aims to abolish the Republic of Cyprus.
“The whole process that will be held in Switzerland is already illegal, there are opinions by constitutional experts proving it,” they said.
“The Republic of Cyprus will not be there, and no one has been given the right to abolish it, not even its president.”
The in-home care provider works with the Alzheimer's Foundation of America in establishing a local resource center educating patients, families, and caregivers about dementia.
[TEXAS, 7/4/2018] — Senior Helpers East Dallas works with the Alzheimer's Foundation of America (AFA) to establish AFA C.A.R.E.S. Affiliates, a local resource center serving as a central source of the community for support and education to further understand Alzheimer's and dementia.
Through these local resource centers, patients with Alzheimer's and other types of dementia, as well as their families, will have a better understanding of the condition. They will also learn how to cope with the disease and learn about the supportive services available to them.
Making a Difference in Senior Care
The two national organizations both share the same goal: providing a better quality of life to seniors and families facing the challenges of dementia through support, education, and compassion.
The senior home health care services in Garland have a team of professional caregivers who provide a variety of care services from companionship to personal care.
Meanwhile, the AFA prioritizes giving excellent care and services to people who have dementia, along with their families and caregivers through member organizations, focusing on enhancing the quality of life.
A Collaboration that Cares for the Nation
The collaboration between Senior Helpers East Dallas and the AFA aims to make a difference in the lives of people living with dementia. The community educators of AFA C.A.R.E.S. Affiliates assist families through the caregiving journey.
They provide not only local but also national support. Here, patients and families will learn more about dementia, caregiving, and successful aging. Local resources and referrals will also be available for them.
Additionally, patients and families can attend dementia-related community events while the AFA's national initiatives, services, and programs will be accessible to them as well.
About Senior Helpers
Senior Helpers provides in-home care for seniors living with Alzheimer's and other types of dementia across America. The organization has a team of trained, professional caregivers who provide the right level of care for each patient including companion care, personal care, housekeeping, and more.
For more information, visit https://www.seniorhelpers.com today.
April 28 Tianjin Printronics Circuit Corp :
* Sees net loss for H1 2017 to be 8 million yuan to 13 million yuan, compared to net loss of the same period in 2016 (28.5 million yuan)
* Comments that increased raw material costs is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/fDPGWw
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Singer Ariana Grande is to become a character in the Final Fantasy: Brave Exvius mobile game.
The 23-year-old singer announced on Sunday they would be appearing in the game, which was first released in Japan in October 2015.
In a post on Instagram they wrote, “I'm SO so excited to finally share that I'll be featured in FINAL FANTASY BRAVE EXVIUS *crying* check out my character in the game, it's the cutest thing i've (sic) ever seen in my entire life and i'm so excited and in love with it i (sic) cannot contain myself.”
Grande later shared a video, showing off their character's look and abilities, with the avatar's look apparently based on the latex bunny mask outfit they wore for the cover of their latest album Dangerous Woman and the video accompanying its title track.
The mobile game version of Grande seems to have magical abilities too, including casting spells.
Final Fantasy is one of the most beloved gaming series of all time, having delighted fans since 1987.
The Brave Exvius edition of the franchise is free-to-play and has been available on various mobile devices in the U.S. from June last year.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–T25-Arizona St.-Kansas Box
No. 16 ARIZONA ST. 95, No. 2 KANSAS 85 ARIZONA ST. (9-0)
White 6-11 1-1 13, Shibel 1-1 0-0 3, Justice 2-10 1-2 7, Evans 8-14 1-2 22, Holder 8-16 9-12 29, Lake 0-1 0-0 0, Mitchell 0-1 0-0 0, Martin 8-11 3-3 21. Totals 33-65 15-20 95.
KANSAS (7-2)
Azubuike 6-7 1-1 13, Newman 5-12 0-0 13, Vick 11-15 0-0 25, Graham 7-16 0-0 19, Mykhailiuk 3-14 5-6 14, Lightfoot 0-1 1-2 1, Garrett 0-2 0-0 0. Totals 32-67 7-9 85.
Halftime_Kansas 40-37. 3-Point Goals_Arizona St. 14-28 (Evans 5-9, Holder 4-7, Martin 2-2, Justice 2-9, Shibel 1-1), Kansas 14-38 (Graham 5-11, Vick 3-6, Newman 3-8, Mykhailiuk 3-11, Garrett 0-2). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Arizona St. 26 (Justice 9), Kansas 34 (Azubuike 9). Assists_Arizona St. 17 (Holder 7), Kansas 19 (Graham 8). Total Fouls_Arizona St. 13, Kansas 16.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Former state senate president Rick Halford critical of Pebble's new effort to reintroduce the project in a smaller package, saying the move is aimed at "mining the stock market," not the copper and gold.
Pebble's critics are not showing an interest in the company's new concept to mine the copper and gold deposit northwest of Iliamna. The United Tribes of Bristol Bay has called the plan a “wolf in sheep's clothing,” another attempt at bribery, and the "latest in a long list of lies." KDLG's Dave Bendinger has more on how another longtime opponent sees this week's news as more an investment ploy than serious attempt to put a mine into permitting.
Listen here
Audio Transcript: Rick Halford is a Republican former state senate president, and these days spends a lot of their time working to protect the PFD. But they have also been one of Pebble's staunchest opponents, and has worked closely with Trout Limited, United Tribes of Bristol Bay, and others to block this and any mine from being developed in the Bristol Bay watershed. They spent some time looking at the new concept Pebble put out Thursday.
"My first question is, how are they going to, before the end of this year, actually apply for a permit?" Halford said. "That's the core promise that was announced. There are a lot of slides, and a lot of promises, but that's not a plan."
Halford said this is certainly more interesting than some "back of the pizza box plans" from the past, but he's still skeptical the company is even serious about taking the project through. They think this conceptual rollout is aimed investors, not regulators.
"I mean that's their real experience is more mining in the stock market than mining in the ground. The big mining interests have walked away from the project at the expense of hundreds of millions of dollars. So they're looking for another large mining interest, and anything they can do to make the project look viable is to their advantage."
He's also suspicious that the public is seeing the same presentation that investors are looking at, especially after Northern Dynasty Minerals CEO Ron Thiessen was quoted in Denver recently talking about a project that will last for many generations, not just the 20 year project Pebble says it will take into permitting.
“It's very difficult to see how you could ever enforce a small mine limitation. You have a combination of multi-national interests that it would take to develop it, and it's not going to be ‘we're going to do this partly.' Once you start, you have opened and empowered a mining district with infrastructure, and it's going to go as far as they can find resources.”
Pebble agrees that an increase in the size or scope of mining at the deposit is certainly possible after the first mine, but says that all new efforts will require separate and extensive permitting. There's no illusion by anybody that there is a lot of copper and gold northwest of Iliamna, and several companies – Pebble included – are interested in going after those minerals eventually.
Halford said some of Pebble's new concepts did move in the right direction, but he's also very skeptical about some of the company's claims.
"One of those being that you can somehow separate the impact on the Nushagak drainage and the Kvichak drainage, when in fact the project sits in a saddle that straddles both of them, and it's pretty hard to separate when you have subsurface exchange between drainages," they said.
The ball is in Pebble's court to put an actual plan together and file a permit application, said Halford, something they don't think may ever happen, let alone by December.
Of the opposition and its plans, Halford said they are growing and their mission is clear. They were heartened to see Governor Bill Walker come out as "unconvinced" and "not supportive" of Pebble on Wednesday.
dave@kdlg.org or 907-842-5281
"My Big Fat Greek Wedding" writer-star Nia Vardalos and their character-actor husband Ian Gomez ("The Drew Carey Show," "Cougar Town") are divorcing after more than two decades of marriage.
TheBlast.com, citing court documents filed in Los Angeles County, said Vardalos, 55, filed papers on Tuesday, listing the date of separation as June 29, 2017.
"We've been respectfully separated for a lengthy period of time," the two said in a statement. "Our relationship became a friendship so the decision to end the marriage is completely mutual and amicable. It is our hope that decency will prevail on the reporting of this story which will soon be yesterday's news. Thank you for respecting our privacy."
Vardalos is asking for joint custody of the couple's adopted daughter, Ilaria, 11.
Baseball Hall of Fame inductee Ivan Rodriguez was all of 19 when the Rangers called them up for first professional game. But, they had a decision to make: Go to the big leagues or get married?
We all knew that the Chinese smartphone manufacturer is going to name its next flagship phone as OnePlus 5 instead of OnePlus 4. Now it is also confirmed by the company. But the exact date of launch is not revealed by them, though we know it is going to happen in the coming months.
Few sources do say that the launch date of OnePlus 5 is all set for Q2 of 2017, which means we will be able to own this handset before the end of June. Because of the rumors and leaks flowing online, it has been possible for us to picturise the final outlook of the device. It looks like, the upcoming device is the most premium version when compared to other OnePlus phone series.
This is not the end. We receive rumors regarding the specs of this phone on daily basis. Now, OnePlus 5 has been spotted once again which revealed some more details about it. This time, the device is spotted in China's Radio Regulation Authority database. It gave away almost all information about the device.
Also Read: Five OnePlus 5 features we think should be added in the upcoming flagship
With a model number - A5000, the device will come with 8GB of RAM. The specs which we are discussing here is almost similar to the specs leaked so far. We already knew that this phone is going to be equipped with the Qualcomm's latest processor - Snapdragon 835 SoC.
The few rumors said that the body of the phone will be made up of ceramic replacing the patent aluminum material. The new spec also speaks about the same. By combining all the leaks we received so far, we can confirm that the device will sport a dual camera setup. It makes this phone stand out as the best when compared with OnePlus 3T, which was earlier known for its sharp camera.
Also Read: OnePlus 5 case leaks; shows the dual-lens rear camera
It also looks like both OnePlus 3T and OnePlus 5 will offer the same camera features. Even the upcoming device will have a 23-megapixel rear camera and 16-megapixel selfie shooter like its predecessor. Storage wise, OnePlus 5 is said to come with two variants. One with 6GB of RAM and 64GB internal storage whereas, the other with 8GB of RAM and 128GB storage.
It may come with storage expansion option of up to 256GB. The device will run on Android 7.0 Nougat with OnePlus OxygenOS UI on top of it. It supports Dash Charge fast with a battery of 4000mAh. Price details are not yet known, but speculations suggest that the phone will hit the market in the second quarter of this year.
Also Read: OnePlus 5 Gets 3C Certification in China: To be called as OnePlus A5000
With so many good features and specs somewhat similar to other smartphones which were released this year, we cannot deny the fact that OnePlus 5 is going to be a tough competitor to them.
Share. Lawrence, McAvoy, Fassbender and Hoult also said to have closed deals to return. Lawrence, McAvoy, Fassbender and Hoult also said to have closed deals to return.
Oscar nominee Jessica Chastain (Interstellar, The Martian) is reportedly in negotiations to portray the antagonist of X-Men: Dark Phoenix.
The Hollywood Reporter claims Chastain, whose deal has not been sealed, is up for the role of "Lilandra, the empress of an alien empire called the Shi'ar, who leads the quest to imprison and execute Dark Phoenix [Jean Grey, played by Sophie Turner], leading them into conflict with the X-Men. (She also commands an alien super-team named the Imperial Guard but it is unclear if that group will be featured in the movie.)"
In the Marvel Comics, Lilandra Neramani is the Princess-Majestrix of the Shi'ar Empire, a humanoid species with avian-like attributes. They also became a longtime love interest of Professor Charles Xavier.
Speaking of Xavier, THR adds that 20th Century Fox "has closed deals with" Professor X actor James McAvoy, Mystique's Jennifer Lawrence, Magneto's Michael Fassbender, and Beast's Nicholas Hoult "to return to the franchise after their original three-picture deals expired."
Chastain and McAvoy previously starred together in the 2014 film The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby.
Comic Book Movies of 2018 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 10 2018 will be rife with superhero fare as the MCU, the X-Verse, and DC (which has only one movie scheduled at this time due to some DCU production hiccups) will combine to unleash nine huge blockbusters on all of us cape and cowl loving fans. We're getting the culmination of many years, and phases, with Avengers: Infinity War, along with the X-Men's second (and hopefully much better) shot at the Dark Phoenix storyline. Venom and Aquaman will get their own standalones while Deadpool looks to shoop shoop ba-doop their way to R-rated crimefighting glory once more. Click right through the slideshow for the full list of major comic book flicks headed your way next year. 01 OF 10 2018 will be rife with superhero fare as the MCU, the X-Verse, and DC (which has only one movie scheduled at this time due to some DCU production hiccups) will combine to unleash nine huge blockbusters on all of us cape and cowl loving fans. We're getting the culmination of many years, and phases, with Avengers: Infinity War, along with the X-Men's second (and hopefully much better) shot at the Dark Phoenix storyline. Venom and Aquaman will get their own standalones while Deadpool looks to shoop shoop ba-doop their way to R-rated crimefighting glory once more. Click right through the slideshow for the full list of major comic book flicks headed your way next year. Comic Book Movies of 2018 Download Image Captions ESC
THR also says Alexandra Shipp, Tye Sheridan and Kodi Smit-McPhee will reprise their X-Men: Apocalypse roles as Storm, Cyclops and Nightcrawler, respectively.
X-Men franchise producer and screenwriter Simon Kinberg will make their directing debut on X-Men: Dark Phoenix, which will shoot in Montreal for a November 2018 release.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Tara Butcher's life was changed 13 years ago after they were hit by a car going 72 miles an hour.
They went from being a normal 22-year old to being internally decapitated, shattering one leg and losing the other.
Today they are an active member of the Challenged Athletes Foundation running the NYC Marathon, Climbing Mt.
Kilimanjaro, and Mt. Whitney. Now she's taking on a new challenge in NYC... The Empire State Building Climb-Up!
Main page Enter RUS
Timber News About Magazine Archive Ad Rates Exhibitions Contacts
Go
LesPromFORUM Exhibition Newspaper
Conferences and seminars
Russian Forestry Review
Timber News Biesse Group acquires Avant: investments in the creation of digital factories continue
| Print version
Pesaro, 12 April 2017 - Biesse Group, a multinational corporation that operates within the sector of machinery and systems for processing wood, glass, stone and composite materials, and is listed in the STAR segment of the Italian stock exchange, has acquired control of Avant, a company specialized in the development of software for the integration and supervision of machining lines and working cells. Avant's applications are able to automatically manage all the information of the manufacturing process, from cutting to edgebanding to boring operations and, in recent years, sorting as well, the backbone of any batch-one production system.
Biesse Group boasts more than 1000 systems installed worldwide, with a 170% increase in systems installed in the past 3 years. An undeniable achievement that confirms the reliability of Biesse's technology and the competence of the team in charge of the design and development of ready-made factories and of the integration of existing solutions with complementary software and machinery. Thanks to the innovative technology used by Biesse Group and Avant, real-time tracking and management systems have been developed which, with specifically generated reports, allow the client to have total control over the manufacturing process, with a resulting increase in production efficiency of over 90%.
This is all possible thanks also to the choice of outstanding suppliers, like the 20-year partnership with Avant, which is now more strategic than ever, in line with the Group's desire to present itself as a full liner and main contractor. ''It is a strategic operation,'' commented Paolo Tarchioni, Assistant to Biesse Group's CEO of Coordination and Planning of Product Development, ''aimed at optimizing the know-how into which the group has always invested and strengthening our commitment to the creation of integrated systems and technological solutions 4.0 in order to support our clients in the development of digital factories.''
To see and touch first hand the Group's innovative technological solutions, the most important appointment in 2017 will be Ligna, Hannover (Germany) from 22 to 26 May. Taking place every two years, it is the sector's leading international trade. Thinkforward is the concept for Biesse's stand at Ligna, 5,000 square metres of innovation and technology where visitors will experience how the digital factory can change the way we perceive and produce things; this is all about Biesse's ability to innovate, to provide integrated solutions that are complex but easy to use, allowing us to produce more, better, at a lower cost.
BIESSE S.p.A. - Biesse Group is a global leader in the technology for processing wood, glass, stone, plastic and metal. It designs, manufactures, and distributes machines, integrated systems, and software for manufacturers of furniture, door/window frames, and components for the construction, ship-building, and aerospace industries. It invests on average 14 million Euro per year in R&D, boasting over 200 registered patents. It operates through 9 industrial sites, 37 branches, and 300 agents and selected dealers, exporting 90% of its production. Its customers include some of the most prestigious names in Italian and international design. The Group was founded by Giancarlo Selci in Pesaro (1969) and was first listed in the Star segment of the Italian Stock Market June 2001, it is currently in the FTSE IT Mid Cap. The company currently has 3,800 employees worldwide.
ARCHIVE: Timber News Magazine News
Free tickets are required and available at roanoke.edu/events or at the Colket Center Information Desk. Tickets will be available beginning Sept 15.
Kelly Ayotte was elected to the US Senate in 2010, where they were ranked as one of the most bipartisan senators working across party lines to find solutions in the Senate (2011-2017), Ayotte served on numerous subcommittees and chaired the Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and the Commerce Subcommittee on Aviation Operations. They became a recognized expert on foreign policy, military readiness, revitalizing the private sector to create jobs, tax reform and fighting the scourge of opiate addiction, among other issues. Since leaving the senate, Ayotte became advisor for Neil Gorsuch as they made the rounds of Senate offices during the successful consideration of them for the US Supreme Court. Prior to their senate service, they were deputy attorney general and chief of homicide prosecution for New Hampshire.
GAINESVILLE, Fla. (AP) - Richie Crampton was sitting home during the 2017 Gatornationals, distraught about being out of the sport just two years after winning five times.
They watched the event from their couch in Indiana and wondered whether they would get another chance in NHRA's top series.
They caught a break last May when team owner Connie Kalitta called. The 37-year-old Crampton took a big step toward securing their future with the team by winning the Gatornationals on Sunday.
Crampton upset teammate Doug Kalitta and three-time champion Antron Brown to make the final, and then took advantage of Shawn Reed's engine trouble to claim the eighth win of their NHRA career and first for Connie Kalitta.
"You don't know if you're going to get another go around," Crampton said. "When I got that magical phone call to come to Indy and drive for Connie, I'd been waiting for that phone call for nine months and I never thought I'd get it. Luckily, we were able to parlay that into a full-time gig this year."
Crampton won seven events in two seasons for Morgan Lucas Racing. But when the team shuttered its Top Fuel program following the 2016 season, Crampton was out of a job. They got the call in September and replaced Troy Coughlin Jr. for the final race of the regular season. They ended up moving into Shawn Langdon's ride when Langdon switched from Top Fuel to Funny Car.
Crampton essentially went from being out of the sport to standing on one of its biggest stages: The winners' circle at historic Gainesville Raceway.
"I tried to take it in stride," Crampton said. "I've been exceptionally lucky. ... I'd been very spoiled in my short career. I was content, but I felt like I still had some unfinished business out here. I wanted to get back, but we know that's not always a given. Pretty lucky."
Reed, the No. 12 qualifier, upset Tony Schumacher and top-seeded Clay Millican to reach the first final of their career. Reed didn't even get a chance to run for the victory.
Reed had to shut the engine off following a burnout because crewmembers noticed a fuel leak. That meant Crampton would make a solo pass for the trophy.
Crampton covered the 1,000-foot distance in 3.854 seconds and reached 314.90 mph - a strong enough pass that they felt like they would have won anyway.
"It's not how you want to win it," Crampton said. "But this is probably one of my more rewarding wins ever."
Crampton's crew dogpiled at the starting line. Three other teams celebrated victories, too.
Jack Beckman beat Don Schumacher Racing teammate Matt Hagan in the Funny Car final. Tanner Gray knocked off defending class champion Bo Butner in the Pro Stock class. And defending class champion Eddie Krawiec edged teammate Andrew Hines in Pro Stock Motorcycle. It was Krawiec's third straight victory in Gainesville and sixth in the last nine years.
"It was such a bucket list thing," said Beckman, the 2012 class Funny Car champion who had never won the Gatornationals despite winning 27 previous events.
Hagan was involved in the strangest race of the day. Hagan and John Force Racing driver Robert Hight blew engines almost simultaneously in the second round of eliminations. Hagan crossed the finish line first with their chassis engulfed in flames.
Both drivers walked away unscathed. It was the fourth blown engine this season for John Force Racing.
Hagan's team rushed to get a backup car ready and managed to win the next round to reach the final.
"I've never seen every car on the race track shuck its body," said Beckman, who was sitting near the starting line when the carbon fiber shells flew more than 50 feet in the air.
___
More AP auto racing: www.racing.ap.org
TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares rose Tuesday as both Koreas and the U.S. appeared to indicate a willingness to defuse the crisis over North Korea's nuclear program. A rally on Wall Street, on the back of strong technology shares, also helped.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 gained 1.3 percent to 19,789.13 in morning trading. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.5 percent to 5,757.50. South Korea's markets were closed for a national holiday. Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 0.2 percent to 27,308.04, while the Shanghai Composite was up 0.2 percent at 3,242.26.
NORTH KOREA: North Korea said Tuesday leader Kim Jong-un was briefed on their military's plans to launch missiles into waters near Guam. But the comments also appeared to signal a path to defuse the deepening crisis with Washington, holding out the possibility that friction could ease if the U.S. made some gesture that Pyongyang considered a move to back away from previous “extremely dangerous reckless actions.”
WALL STREET: The S&P 500 jumped 24.52 points, or 1 percent, to 2,465.84. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 135.39 points, or 0.6 percent, to 21,993.71. The Nasdaq composite added 83.68 points, or 1.3 percent, to 6,340.23.
THE QUOTE: “The markets continue to recover from last week's disorder as U.S. equities orchestrated a splendid showing recouping some of the sharp losses from last Friday, as investor confidence returns with the de-escalation of North Korea tension,” says Stephen Innes, head of trading for Asia at OANDA.
ENERGY: U.S. crude oil added 2 cents to $47.61 a barrel. It lost $1.23 to $47.59 a barrel in New York Monday. Brent crude, the international standard, rose 4 cents to $50.77 a barrel in London.
CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 110.40 yen from 109.57 yen late Monday in Asia. The euro fell to $1.1756 from $1.1816.
___
This story has been corrected to say South Korean markets were closed Tuesday.
___
Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama
Them work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/yuri%20kageyama
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
0:43
Thieves posing as water dept. employees trick an elderly woman and steal from them
MOSCOW, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Russian central bank said on Friday that population's inflationary expectations remained close to record lows in January at 8.9 percent.
A poll conducted for the central bank showed a “quite sustainable” downward trend in inflationary expectations for the year ahead.
Inflation expectations are closely watched by the central bank, which takes the data into account when it adjusts monetary policy. The central bank's next board meeting is scheduled for Feb. 9. (Reporting by Maria Kiselyova,; writing by Katya Golubkova, editing by Larry King)
Parker Curry hit a walk-off single to right field, scoring Josh Hodnett, to give the Faith Christian baseball team an 8-7 triumph over Delco Christian in the District 1 Class 1A final on Wednesday.
Coming Thursday …
Teams are dwindling by the day as state playoffs are quickly approaching for baseball and softball. But first, District 12 softball classification finals are on the schedule with District 1 playbacks. The District 1 Class 6A final between Bensalem and Council Rock North is scheduled, along with other 6A playbacks.
On Wednesday …
Lindsey Davies spun a shutout with 15 strikeouts and helped their cause with two RBIs to lead St. Hubert to a District 12 Class 6A title with a 6-0 victory over Central. Jordan Frye and Liz Siravo added doubles for the Bambies.
The Apple iPhone 8 will feature a major design overhaul and significant hardware changes as well. It was speculated that Apple for the first time would use the OLED panel display on their upcoming iPhone 8 and further expanding the rumor, it is now said that the Cupertino giant is handing over the supply contact to a Chinese supplier, BOE Technology to use the OLED panel on the 2018 iPhone.
If Apple ever hands over the deal to BOE Technology, then they will become the first supplier outside Japan and South Korean to ship the iPhone displays. It is also rumored that BMO already started testing out two OLED display panels for the upcoming iPhone.
Also Read: Apple's 10th anniversary iPhone 8 speculated to come with an iris scanner and OLED display
BOE Technology is a big player in the Chinese market, and it already has two supply plans in China, out of which one will start output with 48,000 substrates per month.
Nevertheless, BMO Technology will ship the OLED panels for 2018 iPhone as Apple has already handed over the contract to Samsung and LG to ship the OLED panels for the 2017 iPhone. That said, BMO Technology will be surely a supplier for the 2018 iPhone.
Having said that, recent reports suggested that Apple will hike the prices of the 2017 iPhone for using the OLED panel display and the pricing is expected to be above $1000.
SOURCE
By Matt Citak
As sports fans, we sometimes take things for granted. It's not entirely our fault. In this day and age, it just seems as if we've just seen everything. So when something truly special happens, it doesn't always attract the appreciation it deserves.
Such is the case for the amazing rivalry that has developed between the Golden State Warriors and Cleveland Cavaliers over the last few seasons.
We have seen some mighty clashes over the years. There's no denying that the competition during the 1980s between Magic Johnson and the Los Angeles Lakers and Larry Bird and the Boston Celtics was fierce.
From 1980-1989, at least one of these two teams was represented in each NBA Finals. The Lakers took home five titles, while the Celtics managed to win three. Los Angeles and Boston owned the decade, but at the end of the era, these two legendary franchises only met in the championship three times in four years.
A look at rivalries in other sports reveals similar storylines.
The Dallas Cowboys and Pittsburgh Steelers lead the way for the NFL, having met three times in the Super Bowl. However these three match-ups occurred in 1976, 1979, and 1996. You'd have to go all the way back to the early 1950s, before the NFL-AFL merger, to find the same two teams vying for a championship in three consecutive years (the Detroit Lions and Cleveland Browns, 1952-1954).
>>MORE: NBA Coverage
In the NHL, you also have to turn back the clock to the early 50s, when goalies did not wear face masks, to find the sport's latest and only trilogy. The Detroit Red Wings and Montreal Canadiens met in the Stanley Cup Finals from 1954-1956. No two teams have done this since.
It's been almost a century in MLB. The New York Giants and the New York Yankees are the only teams to meet in three straight World Series, and it happened from 1921-1923.
Intense rivalries, at the highest level, do not happen often. This is why what the Cavaliers and Warriors have accomplished over the last few years is a truly spectacular.
For the first time in American sports history, two teams will go toe-to-toe in the championship for the fourth consecutive year.
But it didn't always look as if the Warriors and Cavs' round-four matchup would happen.
Golden State dealt with injuries to all four of the team's all-stars this season. Kevin Durant and Steph Curry sat out the most of the four, combining to miss 45 games during the regular season. Curry was also absent in the postseason until Game 2 of the Conference Semifinals.
Golden State then had to get past a Houston Rockets squad that led the league in wins and was structured to match up against this Warriors squad, which obviously was no easy task. They lost former Finals MVP Andre Iguodala in Game 3, and found themselves down 3-2 — backs to the wall — heading into Game 6.
But the Warriors battled and found a way to persevere, winning Games 6 and 7 to clinch their spot in the Finals.
Things looked even more uncertain in Cleveland this season. After Kyrie Irving forced their way out of town last summer, LeBron James was left with a rather weak supporting cast.
Upon struggling throughout the first half of the season, the Cavaliers shook things up at the trade deadline. Cleveland sent six players packing to various cities while infusing the team with some youth by acquiring Jordan Clarkson, Larry Nance Jr., George Hill and Rodney Hood.
The Cavs finished the season as the Eastern Conference's No. 4 seed, and needed seven games to get past the Indiana Pacers in the first round of the playoffs. Things also looked gloomy during the Eastern Conference Finals, as James and Co. went down 3-2 against the Celtics.
But as we've seen many times before, James put Cleveland on their back and guided the team to back-to-back victories, even playing all 48 minutes in Game 7.
LeBron has now scored 612 points in the 2018 playoffs, the most ever in a single postseason heading into the Finals. They need only 148 points to break Michael Jordan's record of 759 points in the 1992 postseason, and considering that they are averaging 34.0 points per game through the first three rounds, this seems like a realistic accomplishment.
So NBA fans, one year later, we are right back where we left off — Golden State vs. Cleveland, Round 4. And everyone should be thrilled with this Finals matchup.
We must applaud what these two franchises have done over the last four seasons. We should enjoy watching five of the last six NBA MVPs who will play in this matchup.
And, most importantly, we should appreciate the moment, as we are watching something that has never been done before, and may never happen again.
We are witnessing American sports history.
Matt Citak is a contributor for CBS Local Sports and a proud Vanderbilt alum. Follow them on Twitter.
The year is 1951. Six years after World War II. Harry Truman is President of the United States and one woman from Roanoke, Virginia is going to make history; the kicker? They did not live long enough to see it happen.
Henrietta Lacks was born Loretta Pleasant in 1920. A wife and mother to their five children. In 1951, they went to Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, Maryland, with complaints of vaginal spotting. The vaginal spotting turned out to be cervical cancer. Without the consent of Lacks, doctors took samples of their cervix for testing. What they would find would change modern medicine. When cells are taken out of one's body, they are supposed to die. Lacks' cells did not do that. Them cells did not die. Instead, they divided and multiplied over and over and over.
The discovery of Henrietta's multiplying and dividing cells became known as “HeLa” which are the first two letters of Lacks' first and last names. Everyone knew about the cells that were constantly multiplying and dividing, but no one knew the owner of those cells. The identity of Henrietta Lacks was covered up by Dr. George Gey who tried (tried being the key word here, folks.) to keep Lacks' identity a secret; they were named Helen Lane or Helen Larson. Gey's entire purpose for having these “immortal” cells was to find a cure to cancer, but even then they were going to take all the credit even though it rightfully belonged to Lacks; it was their cells that was doing all of the work.
From 1952 when the polio vaccine was discovered—thanks to HeLa—to 1984 when the HPV (Human Papillomavirus Infection) was discovered—also, courtesy of HeLa, this cell line became a household name, and no one even knew that it was all because some doctors at Johns Hopkins took cells out of a cancer ridden woman's body without their consent.
Lacks' only family had no idea any of this was happening until the 1970s. Lacks died in 1951…that is two decades of secrets! How would you feel if a loved one was ridden with cancer, their cells are taken without consent, said cells make every medical discovery ever and you—the family—are kept in the dark? I imagine you would be pretty upset, right?
Henrietta Lacks came into this world apart of the roaring 1920s; they left it at the age of 31. Them the youngest daughter, Deborah, was only two years old. Lacks' legacy in those cells and those cells that have discovered vaccinations for herpes, leukemia, Parkinson's Disease, HPV and the flu were taken from them without their permission. Those cells sit on ice and are still multiplying and dividing; they are still being used today in 2018, 67 years after they were first discovered. HeLa (scientific name: Helacyton gartleri) is the oldest and most commonly used human cell line. Let that sink in. These cells were discovered in 1951 and are sitting somewhere in the world right now on ice just to discover something new whether it be today or five, ten even fifteen years from now.
The Lacks family has not been compensated at all for what their mother's cells have done for modern medicine. Yes, you read that correctly. The Lacks have not seen a dime. In 2010, writer and author of “The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks”, Rebecca Skloot, founded the Henrietta Lacks Foundation which according to the website “helps individuals who have made important contributions, particularly those used in research without their knowledge or consent.” The Foundation also seeks to provide assistance to individuals and their families who have been directly impacted by such research. (In this case, Lacks' sons and daughters were tested themselves to see if they had the same immortal cells that their mother had.)
Know the name of Henrietta Lacks. Make sure that their name does not fall and slip through the cracks.  They are history; they are still continuing to make history and they should be treated as such. Them story is something that everyone should know and it should not have been kept in the dark for as long as it was. Say them name.
If you want to contribute to make sure that other families do not endure what Lacks family has been enduring for years, please donate to the Henrietta Lacks foundation at www.henriettalacksfoundation.org or if you just want to read their story, The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks by Rebecca Skloot, you can do so by purchasing it on Amazon for just $10.
Gifts and balloons were placed near the mailbox of the home where a baby's desiccated remains were found in a piece of luggage during a drug raid. Twitter user @JoeGalliNews Twitter screenshot
LONDON — Ferdy Kuebler, who came back from injury and the interruption of World War II to win the 1950 Tour de France, has died. They were 97.
The Swiss won an epic battle with French rider Louison Bobet in the 1950 race, and became world champion the following year.
Andre Haefliger, the chief reporter at Swiss magazine Schweizer Illustrierte, said from Kuebler's home in Switzerland on Friday that they could confirm the death on behalf of Kuebler's widow, Christina. Kuebler died Thursday at a Zurich hospital. They had been suffering from a cold.
Switzerland's national cycling association, Swiss Cycling, paid tribute to Kuebler and offered its condolences to their family. “We are taking leave of one of the greatest cycling legends of our time,” it wrote on its website.
For many, their biggest achievement was winning the Fleche Wallonne and Liege-Bastogne-Liege races, then held on successive days, in both 1951 and 1952.
In an era of marathon races on poor roads, Kuebler also won the 1953 Bordeaux-to-Paris after 356 miles and more than 14 hours in the saddle.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Born July 24, 1919, into a poverty-stricken family near Zurich, Kuebler knew as a child that they wanted to be a professional cyclist.
Forced as a teenager to find work to support their family, they got a job delivering bread by bicycle.
“I had to climb the mountain up to four times a day. That was how I trained for my career. I told myself: one day you will be a cyclist,” Kuebler said in a 2003 television documentary.
Later, as a Zurich office worker, Kuebler cycled the 100-kilometer (63-mile) round trip from home.
World War II broke out as they were starting to make their name as a cyclist. Kuebler was drafted into the Swiss army.
“I lost five or six of my best years,” they said.
An accident in 1946 that hospitalized them for two months almost ended their postwar career.
They came back in 1947 and started their first Tour, aged 28. They won the first stage, becoming the first post-war wearer of the famed yellow jersey.
In 1950, third-placed Kuebler took over the race lead when Italy's team of riders withdrew, accusing spectators of assaulting them.
They finished the 2,983 miles in 9 minutes, 30 seconds ahead of Belgium's Stan Ockers, with Bobet third.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Kuebler chose not to race another Tour until 1954. They finished second, behind Bobet.
After retiring at age 38, Kuebler trained as a ski instructor and worked on the Swiss slopes for 25 winters. In summer they did publicity for the Tour de Suisse and traveled with the race as an official for 35 years.
Kuebler said there was never any other career for them except cycling.
“I always said if I came back to earth — which I hope will happen — I would be a cyclist again,” they said.
Boston College guard Ky Bowman will return to school for their junior year after deciding to withdraw from the NBA draft.
Bowman is the Atlantic Coast Conference's top returning scorer, averaging 17.6 points per game last year, when they were an honourable mention for the all-ACC team.
The 6-foot-1 North Carolina native says it was a good experience to go through the evaluation process and still dreams of playing in the NBA.
By The Associated Press
Thursday's Legislative Assembly (15th March) saw calls from East End MLA Arden McLean to Sports Minister Hon. Julianna O'Connor-Connolly for an update on the progress of a new track at the Donovan Rankine Playing Field. The addition was agreed to in the previous fiscal term. What ensued afterwards was could only be described as finger pointing, leaving more questions than answers.
“The project is planned to commence May 2018 the project is expected to take six weeks in completion, thus the estimated completion date is mid-July 2018” says O'Connor-Connolly.
McLean then asked “Mr. Speaker I wonder if the Minister can tell us why it wasn't done in accordance with the what we were told the monies to would be done in the last fiscal year?”
That's when the Sports Minister suggested perhaps it was McLean's fault for the delay.
“My staff have informed me the honorable member from East End did not agree with the plans for East End, hence the delay for the East End completion” said O'Connor-Connolly.
McLean says the design was ineffective, raising their voice to proclaim “it was the middle of the field objected to it!”
The East End MLA went onto say that objection was in October and should not have caused what is now a six month delay.
“Why didn't it get back earlier when we met there in October when they said it was going to take two to three days to get the revised drawings done in order to be completed by December 31st?” asked McLean.
After previously stating they were not constitutionally responsible for the public works response, the Sports Minister provided the following explanation.
“Mr. Speaker I am informed that due to the enormous amount of work and the prioritization at Public Works that it fell within the slot that it fell within.”
At the end of the day its another delay for a project that's scheduled completion is way past its expiration date.”
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Remember Whitney? They used to blog for us under the name “YoungTeach”
The Windy (and snowy, and rainy, and sunny, and it was 35 degrees yesterday and now it's 70) City
Summertime Chi… No matter where I end up, it will always be my favorite. Everyone knows Chicago is windy and cold, but not everyone is aware that 6 months of freezing temperatures are worth the 3 months of paradise that the summer offers. Even in the winter, Chicagoans stay warm with our memories of the last summer and our anticipation of the next. My biggest complaint about the Chicago winters is that it's so hard to get to the gym in the snow and sleet that I typically go into April with some pre-hibernatory weight around the mid-section. I'm aware that hibernatory is not a word, but I'm writing the article so I can do whatever I want. Coke is better than Pepsi and McDonald's fries taste like floppy salted cardboard. Boom.
Chicago Nightlife – Anywhere and Everywhere
Going out at night in Chicago is a trip – nay, it's THE trip. The city has so much diversity to offer. There are a million and one spots to hit, but my favorite is Lion Head Pub in Lincoln Park. Respectable pub on the first floor, outrageous club on the second floor. (By the way, if any Lion Head Pub owners are reading, that slogan will only cost you $10k per usage).
I have fond memories of drinking a pylon of beer in the oak-adorned pub downstairs, and then stumbling to the dimly-lit club and my heart swelling every beat that it takes my eyes to adjust to the sheer dichotomy of deep bass and undulating, entranced people sweating the stress of the week away on the dance floor. It's the best of both worlds.
If you're interested in scaling your sights to the highest level of elegance, Gilt Bar on Kinzie is swanky – as is its older, classier sister: Bavette's Bar and Boeuf. This past weekend, my gorgeous date and I patronized Bavette's before an evening at the Chicago Symphony Orchestra performance of several Russian works from Stravinsky, Dvořák, and Prokofiev. I would submit that the $60 rib-eye was equally impressive as the CSO performance – and thats coming from a classical musician.
Or you can go to Porn ‘n' Chicken at Evil Olive on Monday nights. It's exactly what it sounds like.
The Right To Bear Arm(s Candy)
Irrespective of your nightlife choices, you need someone attractive to spend those nights with – arm candy, if you will. Dating in Chicago, especially when swirling, is more complex than my time in the American South. As I mentioned in my video interview with Christelyn, Chicago is a deeply segregated city. Due to a long history of redlining, gentrification, and white flight, your skin color has a lot more to do with your geographical location than a lot of other places in the USA. Don't let that deter you from dating outside your race, however. For every cloud there is a silver lining.
(Pssst! Who is Whitney?)
Spending time in the varied demographics of Chicago is a requirement of anyone who would be considered a Chicagoan. My disclaimer to that statement is that I have only lived in Chicagoland for 3 years, but I firmly believe there's a difference in living in Chicago, and being a Chicagoan. That said, dating outside of your race is always a must but it's especially enriching in Chicago (silver lining? I think so.) In fact, if you're NOT dating outside of your race in Chicago, then you're doing it all wrong.
Get UP Offa That Thang!
Spending time in predominantly Black, or Latin, or Asian, or any other homogenous neighborhood is the only way to try the best foods, and (most importantly) meet the best people. Like every other millennial, I have a profile on more than one dating app, but the majority of women I've met and subsequently been on dates with have been through direct meeting in Chicago, or through friends I've made. So much more could be said but as a fan of minimalism, the equation for meeting people in Chicago is simple.
WHAT IS IT?!
What is what?
Oh, yeah. You're waiting for me to reveal the big secret of the dating world! I don't know if you're ready, but here it is (spoiler: it's bipartite):
Make friends/acquaintances with everyone you meet + Maintain a positive attitude = EVERYONE INSTANTLY LOVES YOU
Okay, I know that seems over-simplified but it's one-hundred percent accurate. Not only that, but it gets even more simple! Want to meet black women or men? Ask your black friends if they have any single friends. Want to meet white women or men? Ask your white friends if they have any single friends. Want to meet nerds? Ask your nerdy friends if they have any single friends (and maybe visit the annual Comic-Cons, Anime-Cons, etc, yes I'm a nerd and I'm proud – fight me.). Want to meet ambidextrous, vegan, libertarian cabaret dancers? Ask your ambidex- you know where I'm going with this.
Admittedly, this all sounds easily said and your results will vary BUT take it from an introvert – it's worth it to converse with your work colleagues, people at the bar, and your sister's friend's cousin's mechanic to meet more people. Chicago is full of beautiful men and women of all colors, shapes, sizes, personality types, and cultures.
It's almost summertime in the Chi. Get here.
A record number of runners took part in the annual Telstra South West Academy of Sport Fun Run on Saturday morning.
Some customers couldn't even receive the maximum limit of lower speeds of the national broadband network plans.
Some customers couldn't even receive the maximum limit of lower speeds of the national broadband network plans. Picture: WA News
Internet providers iiNet and Internode will compensate customers after admitting they gave false or misleading information to consumers about connection speeds on national broadband network plans.
More than 8000 iiNet customers and more than 3000 Internode customers will receive payments after an Australian Competition and Consumer Commission investigation found customers could not reach the maximum speed of their plan, or even of a lower-speed plan.
ACCC commissioner Sarah Court said many customers could not reach the maximum speeds advertised by iiNet and Internode because their NBN connection was not capable of delivering it.
“Some customers couldn't even receive the maximum limit of lower speed plans,” Ms Court said.
The providers will contact affected customers and inform them of the maximum speed their connection can receive and will offer compensation options including moving to a lower tier speed plan with a refund or exiting their plan without cost and receiving a refund.
“iiNet and Internode customers should carefully review any email or letter from their provider and choose a remedy as quickly as possible,” Ms Court said on Tuesday.
“Fixing misleading claims about internet speeds during the transition to the NBN is an enforcement priority for the ACCC and we strongly urge other providers to act quickly to ensure their advertising is accurate.”
The watchdog has investigated a number of internet service providers in relation to NBN packages, including Telstra and Optus, which both had to pay compensation last year to customers who had not received advertised speeds.
TPG Internet also admitted last year that it likely contravened Australian consumer law by promoting and offering a range of speed plans for a NBN service it could not deliver.
The ACCC then alleged TPG charged customers higher prices with the promise of faster speeds, misleading many into paying a premium for a service they could not get.
iiNet and internode are both wholly owned subsidiaries of TPG Telecom.
AAP
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 Toronto 30 19 10 1 39 105 88 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 Detroit 29 11 13 5 27 80 97 Florida 29 11 14 4 26 88 104 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 Buffalo 29 7 17 5 19 62 99 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 Washington 30 18 11 1 37 94 88 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 N.Y. Islanders 29 16 10 3 35 105 99 Pittsburgh 31 16 12 3 35 93 102 N.Y. Rangers 29 16 11 2 34 98 87 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA St. Louis 30 20 8 2 42 101 76 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 Dallas 30 16 13 1 33 89 89 Minnesota 28 14 11 3 31 83 84 Chicago 29 13 11 5 31 87 81 Colorado 28 13 13 2 28 90 94 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 San Jose 28 16 10 2 34 76 65 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 Edmonton 29 12 15 2 26 86 98 Arizona 32 7 20 5 19 74 111
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Saturday's Games
St. Louis 6, Detroit 1
Edmonton 6, Montreal 2
Colorado 7, Florida 3
Tampa Bay 4, Winnipeg 3, OT
Columbus 1, Arizona 0
Boston 3, N.Y. Islanders 1
Toronto 4, Pittsburgh 3
N.Y. Rangers 5, New Jersey 2
Vegas 5, Dallas 3
San Jose 5, Ottawa 0
Calgary 4, Vancouver 2
Los Angeles 3, Carolina 2, OT
Sunday's Games
Arizona at Chicago, 7 p.m.
Buffalo at St. Louis, 7 p.m.
Edmonton at Toronto, 7 p.m.
Minnesota at San Jose, 9 p.m.
Monday's Games
Colorado at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Dallas at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Washington at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Florida at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Carolina at Anaheim, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Edmonton at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Washington, 7 p.m.
Los Angeles at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Calgary at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Florida at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Carolina at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Nashville at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
YOLA, Nigeria (AP) - Officials in Nigeria say gunmen have killed 15 people in an early-morning attack on a Catholic church, including two priests.
The attack took place in Ayar-Mbalom, a community in Benue state.
Terver Akase, a media aide to the Benue state governor, says the attackers also burned down 50 houses.
President Muhammadu Buhari in a statement calls the violation of a place of worship "vile, evil and satanic" and an attempt to stoke religious conflict.
Benue state in central Nigeria has seen a series of attacks in recent weeks, many linked to a long-running dispute between farmers and herdsmen.
A few days ago 10 people were killed by alleged herdsmen in the state.
Idris Elba is "shy".
The 'Mountain Between Us' actor is baffled when they are described as "fun and cool" because they insist they are very different, and claims people are always disappointed when they meet them because they aren't as "exciting" as they expect.
They told Red magazine: "I wouldn't say I have much of an outgoing personality. I'm pretty shy.
"It's interesting how people describe me because I'm not Mr Life-of-the-Party. I'm a bit of a homebody if I'm honest. But I'm never at home.
"It's not meant to be sad, it's just when people describe me i think, I'm not that fun and I'm not that cool.
"I can be. I have partied. But people get disappointed when they meet me because they expect me to be really confident and exciting and I'm like, 'Nah, I'm going home now.' "
The 45-year-old actor landed their first role in the 1990s BBC sitcom '2 Point 4 Children' and was excited to be earning money and dreamed of being a "superstar", but they admit now they wish he'd slowed things down.
They said: "I got this huge cheque in the post and was like, 'F***ing hell, this is my money. And this is for acting! Are you joking?' I had done so many different jobs so to get that much money for one thing was incredible."
Asked how he'd advise their younger self, they said: "Save your money. I was not used to having money so I was just loving it and spending it, living cheque to cheque.
"When you're 10 years old and you dream about being an actor, all you dream about is being a superstar. But for me, if I choose a lane I stifle my creativity."
Call Trey a nay on ‘Spygate'
Barely a day after tweeting that they had to “start focusing” their energy on big issues rather than a “witch hunt,” President Donald Trump resumed their Russia ranting.
The focus early Wednesday was Rep. Trey Gowdy's Fox News interview.
In that interview, the House Oversight Committee chairperson said he's “more convinced” based on the evidence that the FBI acted appropriately in handling the investigation in 2016.
The president didn't address that statement from the South Carolina Republican, which suggests “Spygate” claims may be bogus.
Instead, Trump on Twitter quoted part of the interview they liked better, where Gowdy said Attorney General Jeff Sessions should have explained their recusal from the investigation to Trump before accepting the job.
Trump tweeted they wished they had picked someone other than Sessions.
Get The 1600 newsletter Get our inside look at the White House and goings on in the Donald Trump administration. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Obstructions and obSessions
Special counsel Robert Mueller is evidently exploring the possibility that Trump's attempt last March to undo Sessions' recusal might fit with an obstruction of justice charge.
That makes Sessions a key witness in that part of Mueller's investigation. Trump lawyer Rudy Giuliani seemed to confirm a Times story on this when they told the newspaper: “Unrecuse' doesn't say, ‘Bury the investigation.' It says on the face of it: Take responsibility for it and handle it correctly.”
Questions for Trump from Mueller include: “What did you think and do regarding the recusal of Mr. Sessions?” “What efforts did you make to try to get them to change their mind?”
The questions await answers.
Lordy, there ARE tapes
Emerging from Manhattan federal court Tuesday, Michael Avenatti, the lawyer for porn actor Stormy Daniels, said audio recordings seized in the Michael Cohen case will pose a “host of problems” for both Trump and their ex-lawyer.
But those are still subject to court-assigned inspection — and it's unknown what they'd reveal. Avenatti made the statement after losing their bid for a formal role in negotiations over files the FBI grabbed from Cohen.
U.S. District Court Judge Kimba Wood set a June 15 deadline for lawyers for Cohen and Trump to make attorney-client privilege claims over the avalanche of documents seized in the April raids on Cohen's home and office.
‘Right to try'
Trump on Wednesday signed the “Right to Try” Act, giving terminally ill patients the ability to use experimental drugs not yet approved by the Food and Drug Administration.
The president embraced an affectionate Jordan McLinn, 12, of Indianapolis, who suffers from muscular dystrophy. Trump hugged McLinn and kissed them on the forehead. “He's going to be fantastic,” the president told McLinn's mother.
The FDA for years has annually granted what's called “expanded access” to thousands of people in such situations. State right-to-try laws exist in Michigan and Arizona. Neither of these measures, nor the federal one, force manufacturers and insurers to supply or pay for experimental therapies.
What else is happening
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (AP) - The questions about tackle Ereck Flowers' future with the New York Giants are increasing as the 2015 first-round draft pick was a no-show for the team's first voluntary minicamp under new coach Pat Shurmur.
Players do not have to attend either the organized team activities or any minicamps.
Shurmur, however, let it be known in the offseason that they would appreciate it if they attended, with new systems on offensive and defense being installed and the team coming off a 3-13 season that cost former coach Ben McAdoo their job.
Flowers has skipped everything. There are now reports the Giants are shopping them in the days leading to the NFL draft, which starts Thursday.
The former Miami product has not lived up to expectations in their first two seasons at left tackle. That forced new general manager Dave Gettleman to go out and sign New England Patriots left tackle Nate Solder as a free agent, a move that would have forced Flowers to move to right tackle.
Flowers has not given any indication why they have stayed away.
"He's not here, so there's not really much to say," Shurmur said.
The coach refused to say whether they were disappointed.
"We understand that this is a program that is voluntary," they said. "I tend to believe it is very necessary, but he's not here. So, when they are here, we will start to talk about him."
The Giants don't have a lot of depth at tackle. Free agent Chad Wheeler played in 11 games with five starts as a rookie. Adam Bisnowaty started in their only game last season after being drafted in the sixth round.
If Flowers is traded, the Giants are going to have to draft a tackle or sign one as a free agent.
Odell Beckham Jr., who missed most of last season with a broken ankle, and defensive end Olivier Vernon were both at the minicamp. They skipped the minicamp a year ago.
"I think the big thing for us is our game is very simple - it's about the ball, it's about negotiating the ground and it's really about man whipping man," Shurmur said.
The minicamp, which does not entail any hitting, is more about making sure players get to know the new systems, with some throwing and receiving mixed in. The defenses can work on stripping the ball.
There was speculation that Shurmur wanted to use the minicamp to see what quarterback Davis Webb could do. The third-round pick did nothing last season, so the Giants really don't know what they have with their backup to Eli Manning.
"I don't think there needs to be any anxiety on their part - get trained up, come on out here, let it rip and mistakes happen in practice and you learn from them," Shurmur said. "I think that's why you practice, so I think you have to be careful about making a final evaluation on a guy in a three-day period here. They just needs to come out here and get as good as they can be."
Most players said they felt they were entering this season with a clean slate.
Cornerback Janoris Jenkins, who was suspended for a game last season after missing a practice, intends to be on their best behavior this season.
"I promise y'all that Jackrabbit says it won't happen this year what happened last year," they said. "There won't be any animosity between players, no disrespecting the coach. There will be none of that. New York Giant football is back."
Jenkins also believes fellow cornerback and 2016 first-round draft pick Eli Apple, who also was suspended for a game, will be a different player this season.
"You have to understand that they were young," Jenkins said. "It's a clean slate, new coaching staff and for them it's guys like me that have to push them and help them out because I've been in the league so long and just help them understand that adversity is going to hit you and when it hits, you've just got to keep it going."
Beckham did not take part in the afternoon practice, but fellow receiver Sterling Shepard said that was a precaution.
"I've been with them and have been training with them a bit and, to be honest, I forget that they got hurt sometimes," Shepard said.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
WASHINGTON (AP) — As the death toll from the shooting in Las Vegas rapidly rose, White House officials urged President Donald Trump to show restraint in their response: No speculative tweets, please. No over-the-top bluster.
White House chief of staff John Kelly encouraged a simple tweet of condolences. Aides wrote somber remarks that had Trump quoting scripture. Some around the president were encouraged to hear them connecting to the tragedy on a personal level — talking about their property and calling friends there — a sign they were taking in the impact of the event.
The anxious counsel from their aides as Trump prepared to react to the largest mass shooting in U.S. history was a reminder of Trump's troubled track record in such moments. Trump has often had difficulty embracing a central role of the American presidency: consoling people dealing with intense grief, regardless of their political affiliation or support for the White House's agenda. It's a quality that is rarely debated or analyzed on the campaign trail, yet one that can shape the way Americans view the success of their president.
Trump's challenges with empathy were on full display this week, as they responded to two disasters at once with very different results. Trump ultimately stuck to the script in Las Vegas, avoiding controversy and assuming the role of national healer. It was a measured response that stood in stark contrast to their uneven response to the hurricane in Puerto Rico, which saw Trump lash out at the mayor of San Juan, urge officials to say positive things about their administration and throw rolls of paper towels into the crowd at a relief center like they were tossing T-shirts at a sporting event.
This account is based on conversations with 11 White House aides and others who spoke with the president this week.
Presidents are remembered for the way they respond in moments of great tumult or trial.
Bill Clinton's speech after the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing helped them right their struggling presidency. George W. Bush's bullhorn address while standing atop the rubble of the World Trade Center helped heal the nation after the 9/11 attacks. Yet Bush's presidency would never fully recover from the government's botched response to Hurricane Katrina, which left many Americans with the perception that the president was detached from the suffering on the ground.
Trump's response to the devastation in Puerto Rico has generated a raft of criticism.
In the first days after Maria, Trump was more focused on their feud with NFL players who were kneeling during the national anthem, blasting them in private to their allies and in public on Twitter. As images of the devastation in Puerto Rico began appearing more frequently on cable television, aides intensified their briefings, but Trump complained about the island's debt and became fixated on the criticism from San Juan mayor's, Carmen Yulín Cruz, according to three White House officials and outside allies.
Despite the scenes of devastation around Cruz, Trump decided to hit back on Twitter, ignoring advice from Kelly and homeland security adviser Tom Bossert to focus on the recovery.
The public has been watching.
Just 32 percent of Americans approve of how Trump has handled disaster relief in the U.S. territory, while 49 percent disapprove, according to a poll by the Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research. On Thursday, Rep. John Lewis, D-Ga., called Trump's visit to the island an insult.
“When we see the president of the United States go to Puerto Rico throwing toilet paper, paper towels, what is that saying to the American people? It is an affront,” Lewis said.
The president, however, believed their trip to Puerto Rico on Tuesday went well, according to a person who spoke with them after the visit. And friends say Trump, an unconventional president by any measure, was simply handling the situation in their own way.
“I think he's an old school John Wayne-type guy who doesn't like to wear emotions on their shirtsleeves,” said Chris Ruddy, a longtime friend of the president and the chairperson of Newsmax. “He doesn't cry in public and they don't like men who do.”
After Trump's bumpy response to the Puerto Rico hurricane, top aides, including Kelly, scripted out a more measured response for the president after the shooting in Las Vegas on Sunday, which left 58 people dead. Trump largely followed the game plan, including avoiding public speculation about the motive of the shooter in a city where they own a hotel that sports their name in giant gold letters. Trump consulted several friends from the city, including casino magnate and mega-donor Sheldon Adelson, about their response. They told aides they wanted to salute the law enforcement personnel they believe prevented the massacre from being worse.
Trump often struggled as a candidate to exude the kind of empathy that comes naturally to some politicians. In the summer of 2016, aides tried repeatedly to explain to Trump why their attacks on Khizr Khan, a Muslim-American whose son was killed fighting for the U.S. military in Iraq, were off-putting to so many voters. One former campaign official said Trump was unmoved by arguments about the sacrifices Khan's family had made for the country and couldn't get past the fact that Khan had spoken out against the Republican nominee at the Democratic Party's convention.
Their staff tried to limit small, potentially emotional gatherings with supporters, knowing that Trump preferred the distance of a large, roaring crowd. In October, as they made a last-minute push to win Florida, advisers prepped Trump about the gut-wrenching story of Miriam de la Pena, whose son's plane was shot down by the Cuban government in 1996, according to another former campaign staffer.
But Trump was far more focused on the endorsement they were set to receive later that day and, as de la Pena choked up recounting their tale, their eyes wandered around the room, only turning to say “very sad story” when the tearful mother finished speaking.
Former advisers say Trump also appears to lack any understanding of the impact their often sharp-tongued tirades can have on aides. One adviser recalled being berated by Trump in the Oval Office, in front of multiple colleagues, in particularly humiliating fashion. The next day, Trump called the adviser on the phone and started joking as though the previous day's outburst had never happened.
___
Lemire reported from New York.
___
Follow Lemire at http://twitter.com/jonlemire and Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Ahead of this week's final Ashes Test at the WACA Ground, a book celebrating the venue's history has been released. The Doctor's In: Memorable Moments at the WACA Ground reflects on some of the world-famous ground's most historic and significant moments.
IAN BRAYSHAW'S 10-FOR
WA v Victoria, Sheffield Shield, November 13 1967
After WA was bundled out for 161 in its first innings, Brayshaw produced a phenomenal performance of deft and beguiling swing bowling o take 10-44 off 17.6 eight-ball overs. It was only the third 10-wicket haul in Sheffield Shield history.
PERTH'S FIRST TEST MATCH
Australia v England, Second Test, December 11-15 1970
Camera Icon Crowds at Perth's first Test match in 1970. Picture: The West Australian
Denied the chance to host a Test match for so long, Perth's sport lovers flocked to the WACA Ground to watch Bill Lawry's Australia take on England. The crowd spilled onto the field between the boundary rope and the fence. A total of 84,142 fans watched the draw.
DENNIS LILLEE ROUTS THE WORLD XI
Australia v World XI, Second Test, December 11 1971
Lillee, 22, bowled with blistering speed in arguably the most remarkable bowling display seen at the ground. They demolished the much-vaunted international batting line-up, taking 8-29 off 7.1 eight-ball overs as the visiting side was skittled for 59 runs within 15 overs.
DOUG WALTERS' CENTURY IN A SESSION WITH SIX OFF THE LAST BALL
Australia v England, Second Test, December 14 1974
Camera Icon Doug Walters was on fire in 1974. Picture: WA News
Walters came to the crease just before tea on the second day of the second Ashes Test. What followed was a blistering exhibition of strokeplay, culminating in a pull shot for six off the final ball of the day to give ‘Dougie' a century in a session.
THE MIRACLE MATCH
WA v Queensland, One Day Cup semifinal, December 12 1976
The WA batting line-up was bundled out for a paltry 77 off 23 overs. In one of cricket's most remarkable comebacks, Dennis Lillee finished with 4-21 and Queensland were dismissed for a miserable 62 in just 20.3 overs.
SEVEN SANDGROPERS SELECTED FOR AUSTRALIA
Australia v Pakistan, First Test, November 13-17 1981
During the golden era of WA cricket, seven West Aussies – Bruce Laird, Graeme Wood, Kim Hughes, Rod Marsh, Bruce Yardley, Dennis Lillee and Terry Alderman – were picked for the First Test against Pakistan.
We take a look back at the highs and lows of cricket at the WACA. The West Australian We take a look back at the highs and lows of cricket at the WACA.
THE LILLEE / MIANDAD INCIDENT
Australia v Pakistan, First Test, November 16 1981
Dennis Lillee and chirpy Pakistani captain Javed Miandad stunned the local crowd and millions around the world when they clashed. 36 years later, the photgraph of Lillee shaping up like a boxer and Miandad wielding their bat remains an iconic sporting image.
GLENN McGRATH'S HAT-TRICK / 300TH WICKET
Australia v West Indies, Second test, December 1 2000
Camera Icon Glenn McGrath celebrates their hat-trick in 2000.
‘Pigeon' prophesised before the match that they would first dismiss opener Sherwin Campbell and then have Brian Lara as their 300th Test wicket. They did just that and then went one better when they also claimed the wicket of Jimmy Adams for a hat-trick.
ADAM GILCHRIST'S 57-BALL CENTURY
Australia v England, Third Test, December 16 2006
Camera Icon Adam Gilchrist is jubilant upon reaching their century. Picture: Getty Images
The dashing wicketkeeper came out to bat in searing heat with Australia in total control of the Test at 5-365. Their 57-ball century was the second-fastest in Test history, just behind the 56-ball ton by West Indies legend Viv Richards.
RECLAIMING THE ASHES
Australia v England, Third Test, December 13-17 2013
Camera Icon The Aussies celebrate their 2013 Ashes win. Picture: Getty Images
After losing the preceding three Ashes series, the Australians hit back hard and an emerging star in Steve Smith crafted their second Test century, despite some impressive rearguard action from young allrounder Ben Stokes.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Gloucester players will be desperate to get back out on the field after signing off for the three-week break with a defeat to Newcastle.
London Irish are the opposition on Saturday, and there is a bit of pressure on the Cherry and Whites to go to the Madejski Stadium and come away with a win.
With five league games remaining and two of them away to Exeter and Saracens, Johan Ackermann's men need to start winning quickly to establish some momentum around the run-in to the end of the season.
There will still be top four ambitions in the Gloucester camp with a gap of just four points to Newcastle, but the margin for error is very small after the poor results of the last few games.
Gloucester need players to return from Six Nations duty ready to give their all for the club, and those who haven't been playing international rugby to return from the break thirsty to prove themselves.
The minimum aim is to hold on to that top six place and Champions Cup qualification, while I'm sure there will be an eye on sneaking into the play-off positions, and once you are in there, anything can happen.
The reality is Gloucester have left themselves a lot to do, and victory this weekend is crucial to start the ball rolling.
Ackermann will be wanting to manage expectations somewhat, given this is their first season in charge and they arrived so late in pre-season.
But the performances before Christmas have ignited a fire under the club, and it would be a real achievement to see that converted into a top four finish.
With significant departures coming at the end of the season, the Gloucester squad promises to look a bit different come the start of the 2018/19 campaign.
This group of players has the chance to sign off in style by securing that top four spot, but they must find that pre-Christmas spark in order to do so.
If I was push for a prediction, I would settle for the top six at this point, but I would welcome a surprise. It would be great to see Gloucester mixing it with the best in the league once again.
Sensible decision to postpone Anglo/Welsh final at Kingsholm
You have to say it was the right decision to call off the Anglo/Welsh Cup final, and once the club would not have taken lightly.
I'm sure there is significant lost revenue involved in deciding not to play the match on Sunday at Kingsholm due to the adverse weather conditions.
As ever with these decisions, it is not just the pitch that needs to be taken into account, but also the conditions in the rest of the stadium and surroundings.
By playing the game you are asking thousands of fans from Bath and Exeter to travel in quite dangerous conditions, which is why it felt right to call it off as early as possible.
I'm sure a new date can be slotted in soon for Kingsholm to proudly stage the final, between two of the Cherry and Whites' west country rivals.
Gloucester is due to lay an all-weather pitch at the end of this season, and you wonder whether that would make a difference on days like these.
The groundstaff have done an excellent job to not see further cancellations during a difficult winter for bad weather.
I'm sure one or two of them will be looking forward to the new pitch being installed and hoping it removes some of the effort with getting a playable pitch ready to go on matchdays.
Polledri impresses in first game for Italy
Scotland's trip to Italy turned out to be one of the better games of this season's Six Nations, with on current and one former Gloucester player acting as two of the main protagonists.
Jake Polledri was excellent in their first game for the Italians, making a typical break that resulted in one of the tries and showing up all over the field.
Meanwhile, former Gloucester captain Grieg Laidlaw was able to kick the crucial penalty at the end for Scotland to grab a victory that looked unlikely deep into the second half.
It was Italy's best performance of the campaign and the Cherry and Whites can expect to lose Polledri on a regular basis in future during international windows.
The defeat meant the Italians were unable to win a game during this season's Six Nations, which will be extremely disappointing for them.
Elsewhere, Ireland took control of the game early at Twickenham, and England never looked like spoiling their grand slam party.
It will be worrying for Eddie Jones that their side were beaten so comprehensively at home. All momentum has gone from the England set-up and there is a rebuilding job to be done before the World Cup.
Ireland, meanwhile, are flying as the pick of the northern hemisphere sides.
With Wales edging France in the other match of the weekend, it meant England finished fifth in the competition, a disastrous result given the expectations going in.
Police are urging the public not to engage in water-related activities this weekend as the forecast predicts the rough seas will continue as tropical storm rough seas.
In particular, police advise against boating, swimming, diving, surfboarding and scuba diving.
They're asking boat owners to secure their boats, especially along the south and west sides of the island.
Tropical storm Nate was making its presence felt here in Grand Cayman, pounding the island's west side with high winds and heavy seas. The rough waves rolled in, and trees were swaying in the fresh winds.
A VERY FINE COURSE Cameraman Can't Stop Laughing As Friend Is Destroyed By Giant Egg Beaters
The image of this poor soul helplessly flopping around on this obstacle course will stick with us for a few days. But the camera guy's incredible laugh will be with us for a lifetime.
Choosing a career path can be difficult. In a world full of occupational options, it is helpful to receive a little guidance along the way. That's why the Nebraska Pork Producers Association is extending help to college-age students who apply to participate in the Pork Mentorship Program.
The deadline for submitting student applications is October 25, with selection notifications to be sent to applicants by November 1.
The Pork Mentorship Program is a career development program that provides a variety of hands-on experiences to promote leadership and communication skills, ultimately fostering career development. The NPPA Pork Mentorship Program is more than just a scholarship. It's a way for students to build their capacity as a leader and professional in the swine and agriculture industries in Nebraska. The program provides students with an opportunity to identify future career goals and to evolve into strong agricultural advocates.
The Nebraska Pork Producers Association wants college-age students to be a part of the Pork Mentorship Program. If students are connected to agriculture and believe in the future of the pork industry, they are encouraged to apply. $500 scholarships are available for college-age students who have an interest in the pork industry – they don't have to be a pork producer!
Eligible applicants must
 Be enrolled full-time in a Nebraska post-secondary school, and be between 18-24 years of age
 Be able to attend all quarterly meetings and complete all requirements before receiving his/her scholarship
 Have access to and communicate effectively via email
Who Should Apply?
College-age men and women who have an interest in agriculture and the pork industry. You don't have to be a pork
producer.
What Will I Do?
Job-shadow pork industry professionals, promote agriculture and the pork industry, and improve your leadership,
team building and communications skills. You'll also travel to the World Pork Expo and attend other exciting
industry tours and group events.
Apply Now!
Interested students should complete the application and submit an up-to- date resume by October 25. Applications
will be reviewed, and selection notifications will be sent by November 1. Students may apply for the scholarship
online by visiting the youth tab on www.nepork.org
A man has been convicted of modern-day slavery charges along with 10 members of their family after forcing people with learning disabilities into work, making them sleep in stables and feeding them scraps.
John Rooney, 52, of Chantry Croft, Kinsley, was one of 11 found guilty following a complex three-year investigation led by Lincolnshire Police involving the trafficking of several vulnerable men over a 26-year period.
They were forced to live in squalid conditions, beaten, threatened and rounded up if they tried to escape.
The gang, who are all part of the same family and had lived on a travellers' site in Lincolnshire, faced many offences, including requiring a person to perform forced or compulsory labour, fraud charges, theft, assault with ABH, unlawful wounding and converting criminal property, during the trial at Nottingham Crown Court.
Chief Superintendent Nikki Mayo, senior investigating officer, said: “Through intelligence and our officers visiting the traveller sites we knew these men were being kept in very poor conditions and made to work for little money.
“The tragedy in this case is that the victims will never get those years of their lives back – we believe one man was held for 26 years.
“The severity and gravity of the charges speak for themselves.
“Modern slavery is a cruel and extremely demoralising crime and it's important that people understand that it isn't just forced labour like this – victims can be sexually exploited, or forced into committing crimes. Although it is often vulnerable people who are targeted, this can happen to anyone.”
Operation Pottery began in September 2014 when seven warrants were executed almost simultaneously across Lincolnshire, Nottinghamshire and London.
The UK Human Trafficking Centre concluded that in total 18 men had been illegally trafficked.
All victims were extremely vulnerable – many were alcoholics and several had learning disabilities and mental health issues and were estranged from their families.
The victims were ‘accommodated' in caravans without running water or access to toilet facilities, and in some cases the electricity to them was dangerously obtained from a nearby pylon.
On some occasions they were even forced to sleep in stables.
All aged between 18 and 63, some had learning disabilities or mental health issues while others were completely dependent on alcohol or drugs. Some had no idea what was happening when police arrived.
They had been located and picked up by the defendants from all over the country and specifically targeted because they were vulnerable and homeless.
They were promised that they would be looked after, sheltered and fed in return for work and were then trafficked into the site.
They worked long hours tarmacking driveways and block paving for the family, and food was often restricted to the family's leftovers.
When they weren't working for the company the men had to collect scrap, sweep, tidy up or look after pets around the sites.
The family took luxurious holidays to Barbados, Australia, Egypt and Mexico, bought high-performance BMWs, and splashed cash on spa days and even cosmetic surgery, while their ‘labourers' were suffering,
Chief Supt Mayo added: “They were financially, emotionally and physically abused making any escape seem impossible.
“The greatest positive of this case is that so many of the victims have now got their lives back, they've got a real second chance at some peace and happiness and to grow and flourish in their communities – it's very much deserved.”
John Rooney, who was found guilty of two counts of requiring a person to perform forced or compulsory labour, will be sentenced next month along with the rest of their family members.
On Thursday, the son of late actor and humanitarian Audrey Hepburn sued a children's charity bearing their name to stop it from putting the Hepburn name on a wide array of clothing, handbags, portraits, umbrellas and other items.
Sean Hepburn Ferrer, who once chaired the Audrey Hepburn Children's Fund, accused the charity of infringing trademark and other rights belonging to them and Luca Dotti, their half-brother.
Dotti and Ferrer had founded the charity, which was once called ‘Hollywood for Children Inc' (HFC), following their mother's 1993 death at age 63.
Ferrer's lawsuit in federal court in Los Angeles follows a lawsuit that the charity filed against them in February in Los Angeles County Superior Court.
The charity in its lawsuit said Ferrer's “increasingly hostile actions” impeded its ability to take part in exhibitions and raise money, and sought to stop their alleged interference.
“We stand by the allegations in our state court case,” Steven Young, a lawyer for the charity, said in an interview.
“Mr Ferrer, for reasons known only to him, continues to try to disrupt and destroy the ability of the ‘Audrey Hepburn Children's Fund' to raise money for various children's charities. We are confident that the judicial process will ensure a just result,” Young said.
In Thursday's lawsuit, Ferrer said they resigned as chairperson in 2012 amid disagreements over spending, but let the charity use their mother's name, persona and legacy case-by-case.
They said they have granted no such rights since 2015 and that the charity's subsequent infringements falsely suggest that he, Dotti or their mother endorsed them.
“HFC is contending effectively that it has been granted a perpetual, worldwide license to do whatever it wants with Audrey Hepburn's name and related intellectual property,” Lawrence Segal, a lawyer for Ferrer, said. “That is not the case.”
Dotti did not join their half-brother as a plaintiff. “There is a disagreement between Mr Ferrer and Mr Dotti as to the requirements for granting a license,” Segal said.
Thursday's lawsuit seeks unspecified damages and an injunction against further infringements.
Hepburn starred in many successful 1950s and 1960s films, including Sabrina, Breakfast at Tiffany‘s and My Fair Lady. They devoted much of their later life to charity, becoming a UNICEF goodwill ambassador.
U.S. President George H.W. Bush awarded them the Presidential Medal of Freedom six weeks before their death.
Nooren Akhtar, a 14-year-old Indian girl injured in cross border shelling between Indian and Pakistani soldiers in disputed Kashmir, arrives for treatment at the Government Medical College hospital in Jammu, India, Sunday, March 18, 2018. Five members of a family were killed after a shell fired by Pakistani soldiers hit their home in Poonch region of Indian-controlled Kashmir along the militarized Line of Control that divides the Himalayan territory between the two nuclear-armed rivals, said S.P. Vaid, the police chief. (AP Photo/Channi Anand)
Nooren Akhtar, a 14-year-old Indian girl injured in cross border shelling between Indian and Pakistani soldiers in disputed Kashmir, arrives for treatment at the Government Medical College hospital in Jammu, India, Sunday, March 18, 2018. Five members of a family were killed after a shell fired by Pakistani soldiers hit their home in Poonch region of Indian-controlled Kashmir along the militarized Line of Control that divides the Himalayan territory between the two nuclear-armed rivals, said S.P. Vaid, the police chief. (AP Photo/Channi Anand)
JAMMU, India (AP) - Five members of a family were killed and at least eight other people injured Sunday in cross-border shelling between Indian and Pakistani soldiers in disputed Kashmir, officials said, as the two rivals traded blame for initiating the violence.
The five were killed after a shell fired by Pakistani soldiers hit their home in the Poonch region of India-controlled Kashmir along the militarized Line of Control that divides the Himalayan territory between the two nuclear-armed neighbors, said S.P. Vaid, the region's police chief.
A police statement said the dead included a 35-year-old man and their 32-year-old wife, and three of their children - two young boys and a teenage boy. Two of the couple's daughters, one 7 and the other 12, were among the injured.
Local residents said the family had gathered in their kitchen for breakfast when a shell hit their home.
Vaid said authorities were evacuating civilians from the area amid shelling and firing.
India's army said its soldiers were responding to what it called an unprovoked violation of the 2003 cease-fire agreement between the two countries.
Authorities in Pakistan-controlled Kashmir said at least six civilians, including five women, were wounded in the Indian firing and shelling along the frontier.
Farooq Hadier Khan, prime minister of the Pakistani-controlled part of Kashmir, condemned Indian shelling of border villages and visited a hospital to meet injured residents, an official statement said.
Like in the past, both countries blamed the other for starting the firing, insisting they were only retaliating.
The violence comes amid heightened diplomatic tensions between New Delhi and Islamabad, who have accused each other of harassing their diplomatic staff in the two capitals.
This year, soldiers from the two nations have also been engaged in fierce border skirmishes along the rugged and mountainous Line of Control, as well as a lower-altitude 200-kilometer (125-mile) boundary separating India-controlled Kashmir and the Pakistani province of Punjab.
India and Pakistan have fought two of their three wars since 1947 over their competing claims to the region.
Many see the fighting as part of what's become a predictable cycle of violence, as the region convulses with decades-old animosities between India and Pakistan over Kashmir, where rebel groups demand that the territory be united either under Pakistani rule or as an independent country.
A flare-up early this year similarly sent thousands to temporary shelters for days.
India accuses Pakistan of arming and training anti-India rebels and also helping them by providing gunfire as cover for incursions into the Indian side. Pakistan denies this, saying it offers only moral and diplomatic support to the militants and to Kashmiris who oppose Indian rule. Nearly 70,000 people have been killed in the uprising and the ensuing Indian military crackdown since 1989.
___
Associated Press writer Roshan Mughal in Muzaffarabad, Pakistan, contributed to this report.
Federal Insights: Learn the latest best practices and technologies to protect your organization from email-derived fraud.
Everyone remembers their old school for a few things inparticular. Each school always has its very own identity, and High School for Girls is no different.
One pupil who went to the school has told us eight things you would only know if you went there.
1. Non Nobis: Everyone's favourite school song. The words ‘Non Nobis Domine/Not unto us, O Lord' will forever be engrained into your head and whether you loved or hated it, the high-pitched squeal of 800 students trying to reach that last top note made it all worthwhile.
2. Cathedral Trips: Traipsing down to Gloucester Cathedral for the annual carol concert and birthday celebration was a mandatory excursion for most. Though two hours of hymns, speeches and the bitter cold was not everyone's idea of fun, it was better than lessons.
3. DEAL Lessons in Year 7: Discovery, Exploration And Learning. It probably did teach you invaluable skills such as team work, time management and perseverance, but three hours learning about the environment on a Thursday morning was not what you always wanted.
4. The Assemblies: Renowned for their length, sitting through an HSFG assembly was an endurance test. With Mrs Sawicka's speeches, the senior team's section, and the music and sports news to get through, you were guaranteed to leave that gym with pins and needles in both legs.
5. The Canteen: No matter how much they tried to make ‘The Dining Hall' mainstream, it was not to be - it was always ‘The Canteen'. Complaining about the rising food prices was also common; no one believed their (probably true) claims that it was to break even.
6. The Park: Only the Year 11s and Sixth Formers, who were free to leave the school grounds during lunch, would truly appreciate the park next-door. It was a perfect distance from the local chip shop, so you could finish off your salt and vinegar chips and still have time to lounge on the net swing.
7. End of Year Trips: The High School for Girls had some of the best end of year trips. Full Stop. Disneyland Paris, Alton Towers and the Warner Bros. Studios to name a few, they made a year of hard work worth it.
8. The Community: Being at an all-girls school had its perks; of course there were arguments but at the end of the day you were a sisterhood, who would support each other to the bitter end.
MUMBAI, April 10 India's top e-commerce firm Flipkart (IPO-FLPK.N) has raised $1.4 billion from Tencent Holdings Ltd, Microsoft Corp and eBay Inc , the company said in a statement on Monday.
Flipkart will have a valuation of $11.6 billion after the latest funding round, which was its biggest ever, the statement added.
The news comes amid strong but unconfirmed speculation that Flipkart is looking at a potential takeover of smaller rival Snapdeal.
As part of the fundraising, eBay invested $500 million in Flipkart (IPO-FLPK.N) for a stake. In exchange, the two companies will merge their operations in India and Flipkart will own and operate eBay's business in the South Asian country when the deal closes later this year.
EBay said in a separate statement it did not expect the deal to have any "material impact" on its guidance provided in January. (Reporting by Sankalp Phartiyal; Editing by Rafael Nam)
Defending champion Joey "Jaws" Chestnut chomped down a record 74 franks and buns to take home their 11th title at the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The renowned competitive eater from San Jose, California, takes home the coveted Mustard Belt and surpassed the previous mark of 72 dogs and buns they downed last year.
The heat wasn't a factor; the National Weather Service put the temperature at 83 degrees with a heat index of 91 degrees.
Miki Sudo said after eating 37 dogs and buns that the heat may have slowed them down in winning the women's competition.
That didn't stop the Las Vegas eater from easily beating out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
BERKELEY, Calif. (AP) — California coach Cuonzo Martin played a haunch and decided to start Grant Mullins for the first time since late November.
It couldn't have worked out any better for the Golden Bears.
Mullins scored a season-high 20 points to lead four players in double figures and California pulled away late in the second half to beat Arizona State 81-65 on Sunday night.
Ivan Rabb had 20 points, 15 rebounds and five assists for their sixth double-double of the season despite being in foul trouble. Jabari Bird added 16 points and Sam Singer scored 10 to help the Bears (10-4, 1-1 Pac-12) snap a two-game losing streak.
Advertisement
“I just felt like it was right to put them back in the lineup,” Martin said of Mullins, who had come off the bench the previous six games after starting four of their first five. “I didn't think they were playing at the level, didn't have their legs on him, until right now. The other thing with that is for them to get in the lineup and do what they do well. They showed that tonight.”
Mullins provided a big spark for the Bears, who were missing one of their top scorers when they started their decisive run in the second half.
Rabb went to the bench with their fourth foul and California a slim lead. Arizona State responded with a quick 6-0 run all on free throws to go up 61-60.
After Singer's free throw tied it with 5:45 left, Bird followed with a one-handed dunk, Kingsley Okoroh added their own emphatic dunk and California went on to make its final eight shots while outscoring Arizona State 21-4 down the stretch.
“That was big for us,” Mullins said. “We have a lot of confidence in (Rabb) but they can't play 40 minutes a night. When he's off the floor other guys have to step up and we showed that we could tonight.”
Obinna Oleka had 18 points and five rebounds while Tra Holder scored 14 points for the Sun Devils (8-7, 1-1).
Arizona State was attempting to go 2-0 in conference for only the fifth time in program history but struggled to score in the second half and was held 18 points below its season average of 83.5.
“When Rabb went out I don't think we capitalized on that the way we needed to,” Sun Devils coach Bobby Hurley said. “We just couldn't get any separation from them with Rabb on the bench.”
California, coming off consecutive losses to No. 12 Virginia last week and No. 18 Arizona on Friday, made 11 3-pointers — one shy of its season high while holding the Sun Devils to 7-of-24 beyond the arc.
The Bears made only eight combined 3s in their previous two games but had seven in the first half against the Sun Devils. Rabb and Mullins had two apiece while Charlie Moore's 3-pointer helped California take a 38-37 halftime lead.
RABB'S 3'S
Rabb had made only one 3-pointer in 45 career games at California before connecting on both of their shots from beyond the arc against Arizona State. “He hits them all the time in practice,” Mullins said.
BIG PICTURE
Arizona State: Hurley's squad wasn't as efficient on offense as it had been, shooting 40 percent overall and only 29.2 percent on 3s. The Sun Devils had three one-and-one opportunities during a 15-second span midway through the second half but were held to just one field goal over the final 9:44.
California: Rabb set the tone early before fouls slowed them up and showed some range with their jumper they hadn't previously exhibited. They notched their double-double before halftime with 16 points and 10 rebounds. They were limited to 12 minutes after the break with foul trouble, however.
UP NEXT
Arizona State: Returns home to host Colorado on Thursday night.
California: The Bears go on the road for the first time since early December and play at UCLA on Thursday.
IN PLAIN SIGHT: A section of the green belt that has been cleared and strewn with flax to keep the ground moist.
DURBAN - Tired of rising crime rates in their suburb, an Upper West community decided to literally nip their problem in the bud.
Residents bordering a green belt just off Stapleton Road in Pinetown have clipped back a green belt to root out criminals who used the thick vegetation as a getaway with their loot.
A new community partnership initiative that started three months ago has tackled rising crime rates with the creation of a farming project.
The Dwell Church in Cowie's Hill, the international Farming God's Way project, Business As Mission SA and local neighbourhood watches joined forces to create a project to benefit the community.
“The area in question is the green belt that separates Stapleton Road from the Leeds Crescent community in the area. The biggest concern over the past 15 years has always been the green belt that runs between Stapelton and Leeds, all the way to Willow Crescent and the M13.
“Suspects would mug people or steal things like lines or garden chairs from homes and disappear into the green belt.
“As the local neighbourhood patrol, we began daily patrols of the green belt, which resulted in reduced crime rates. However, now there is a plan for the green belt that will benefit the community,” said Andreas Mathios of the Pro Act Neighbourhood Watch in Pinetown.
The green belt has been cleared and this has resulted in noticeable decreases in crime.
Reg Alexander, co-ordinator of the project, said they took the saying “teach a man to fish” as the central theme to the project.
“Now that the land has been cleared, we are looking at projects that will benefit the community.
“We feel that if you keep running feeding schemes, you make people dependent.
“However, if you have a project that teaches them a skill, they can use that to buy food and take care of themselves.
“We decided that on this land, together with assistance from the local parks department, we would create a space for farming, where we can grow food and teach people how to farm,” said Alexander.
Agriculture is one of the key focus areas of eThekwini Municipality and earlier this week the city announced plans to set up an independent multimillion-rand agricultural agency to develop subsistence farmers.
A R36-million agro-ecology unit is expected to assist vegetable and small-scale chicken and egg farmers.
THE INDEPENDENT ON SATURDAY
A suicide bomber who killed 57 Afghans and injured at least 100 more in Kabul April 22 was targeting Shiite “apostates,” the Islamic State said in claiming responsibility for the bombing via its Aamaq news agency.
Deutsche Welle video screengrab
Survivors of an ISIS suicide bombing that killed 57 and injured more than 100 in Kabul, Afghanistan gathered photos of victims at the site of the April 22 attack.
While the attack occurred outside a voter registration center leading up to October parliamentary elections, according to World News, the Islamic State (also known as IS) has targeted Shiite shrines increasingly in an effort to divide the country along sectarian lines, according to news reports.
Targeting Shiites distinguishes IS from the Taliban and might gain IS support from local extremist Sunni groups, German broadcast news site Deutsche Welle (DW) reported after the most recent Shiite shrine attack March 21 in Kabul. In that attack, an IS bomber killed 31 and injured 65 others during Persian New Year celebrations, hoping to gain strength in Afghanistan after losing ground in Syria and Iraq in 2017, a Kabul security analyst told DW.
IS “is facing a huge challenge from the Taliban, who are a potent militant force” in Afghanistan, DW quoted Wahid Muzhdah in the March 21 report. “To establish itself in Afghanistan, [IS] needs support from local extremist Sunni groups.” IS killed hundreds in attacks on Shiite mosques and religious ceremonies in Kabul in August, September and October of 2017, DW reported.
IS had tried to establish a strict Muslim caliphate across the Middle East, but is now seeking a stronghold in Asia.
Religion is the major unifier in an Afghanistan that is 99 percent Muslim, according to the website Afghanistans.com, including Sunnis who comprise 84 percent, Shiites at 15 percent and a smattering of Hindus, Sikhs, Parsis and Jews.
Muzhdah was one of few security experts who judged IS's efforts to divide Afghan Muslims as mostly ineffective in March, DW reported.
“After each [IS] attack on Afghan Shiites, religious leaders from all Islamic sects have come forward in support of the victims,” DW quoted Muzhdah. “But if the government doesn't do anything to stop such attacks, the sectarian split could deepen.”
Casualties could grow in the April 22 attack where Afghans were registering for identification cards needed to vote in October. Those killed included 22 women and children, World News reported.
(EDITOR'S NOTE – Diana Chandler is Baptist Press' general assignment writer/editor.)
Henry Walker has a ‘big future' in the game according to Hartpury head coach Mark Cornwell.
The Gloucester academy hooker is dual-registered to Hartpury in the Championship this season and made their first appearance in the defeat to Nottingham.
The 19-year-old hooker played in National Two South with Cinderford last season and represented England at the World Rugby Under-20 Championship.
Mark Cornwell, Hartpury head coach, said: “I've been impressed with him, I've got to be honest and I think they have got a big future in the game.
“He's a physical specimen, they are a good shape for a hooker and they have got all the attributes.
“He is strong in the scrum, their lineout work is good and they have a very good attitude.”
Walker will start on the bench for Hartpury against Doncaster after a good start to their time with the college side.
Cornwell added: “Henry is a tough kid, for a young lad they as a big future without a doubt because they played very, very well on Friday.
“If you get them in at this level at 19 and they are proving themselves, they will certainly have a future in the Premiership somewhere.”
Public Health Ministry rolls out maternal, child health project in Region Nine
GINA, GUYANA, Tuesday, February 14, 2017
Maternal and Child Health are being prioritised in Region Nine as the Ministry of Public Health has initiated a US$8M project funded by the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB). The project was launched on Friday in Annai.
Minister of Indigenous Peoples' Affairs, Sydney Allicock who was present at the launch, called on villagers to embrace the project. “We need to plan better. We need to work towards getting the support for health because if you are going to have a good life, a healthy environment leads to healthy people.”
The Ministry of Public Health's Permanent Secretary, Trevor Thomas pointed to the challenges Guyana has been facing with regards the relatively high rate of maternal and neonatal deaths.
Thomas said the project was developed to help reduce maternal, perinatal and neonatal deaths. They explained that major emphasis will be placed on “Strengthening health at the community level” and added that, “More often than not, people go to the health centre or the health post or the hospital, but sometimes what happens is people go there when they are very sick …that in itself can be risky and dangerous.”
Meetings and consultations will be conducted to strengthen capacity at the community level.
Residents of Annai were urged by the Permanent Secretary to ‘play their part' in making the project successful.
Director of Maternal and Child Health Services, Dr. Ertenesia Hamilton said that, “We are not satisfied with the care we have now, we think we can do better.”
Other measures include training health workers, buying medical equipment, sharing knowledge and developing care plans within the community for every pregnant mother.
In 2016, there were 12 recorded maternal deaths while in 2015 there were 17, according to the Ministry of Public Health.
This reduction is attributed to the fact that there are more trained doctors in the public health system in the field of obstetrics, which has resulted in earlier diagnosis of complications in teenage mothers and high risk pregnancies.
By: Zaneel Williams
Public menorah lightings for the Jewish holiday of Hanukkah are planned around the world in locations ranging from ski towns and Caribbean islands to famous landmarks and sports arenas.
Hanukkah begins Tuesday night and lasts for eight days.
If you're traveling or vacationing during the holiday, there may be a menorah lighting near you. The Jewish outreach organization Chabad-Lubavitch plans Hanukkah events in hundreds of cities, from the 50 U.S. states to 100 countries.
Celebrations in Vail, Colorado, will include menorahs made from skis. In New Mexico, organizers hope to create a one-of-a-kind menorah made from hot-air balloons on Dec. 17 in Albuquerque's Balloon Fiesta Park, which hosts the International Balloon Fiesta each October. Vacationers in destinations like Cancun, Mexico, and Aruba will also have menorah lightings to attend, along with one in Curacao, home to the oldest synagogue in the Western Hemisphere dating to 1732.
Advertisement
Many ceremonies will take place in front of landmarks, including the White House in Washington, D.C., Eiffel Tower in Paris, the Kremlin in Moscow and Germany's Brandenburg Gate. London's Trafalgar Square will host a 30-foot (9-meter) menorah outfitted with specially designed environmentally friendly bulbs, commissioned by the London Climate Change Agency.
The world's largest menorah, standing 36 feet high (11 meters), will be lit just outside Central Park in New York City across from the Plaza Hotel at Grand Army Plaza. That menorah lighting began in 1977 and marks its 40th consecutive year this month.
Sports arenas are also hosting Hanukkah events, including the NBA arenas of the Brooklyn Nets, Orlando Magic, Miami Heat, Houston Rockets, Dallas Mavericks, Golden State Warriors, Phoenix Suns and Atlanta Hawks; the NHL arenas of the Arizona Coyotes, New York Islanders, Nashville Predators, Tampa Bay Lightning, New Jersey Devils and Columbus Blue Jackets; and the NFL stadium of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Thousands of people are expected Dec. 18 for a Hanukkah concert and menorah lighting at Gulfstream Park, the horse racing track in Hallandale Beach, Florida, near Miami.
Elsewhere around the world, events are expected in countries ranging from Australia to Laos to Uganda to Argentina.
Listings by location may be found at http://www.Chabad.org/HanukkahEvents .
Cayman's Cameron Stafford has advanced to the semi-finals of the 2017 Senior Caribbean Squash Championships in St. Vincent, while Julian Jervis' tournament is now over due to an accidental off-court injury. Stafford is 4-0 thus far at the tournament and is set to face Jamaica's Joe Chapman later tonight.
“First couple days I had some tough matches, but hoping to get the best of Chapman tonight though” says Stafford.
Jervis, who was also undefeated going into day two, suffered a freak injury early Monday and is now out of the tournament. Jervis explains this accident:
“I had just come off the court after winning my round of 16 match, and was walking outside to get some fresh air, and as I was taking my first step outside, somebody called my name and I turned my head to look at them. I made my step, and then I seemed to have stepped on a big rock. When I stepped on the rock, I twisted or rolled my ankle in some sort of way, and heard some sort of crunch. I started to walk it off, and then I went to go ice it. Once I took the ice off, my entire foot was swollen.”
Jake Kelly will play for the men's consolation after losing a 5-set marathon to Barbados' Khamal Cumberbatch (6-11, 11-4, 7-11, 12-10, 11-8) in round two. Sean Murphy was eliminated in round one after two opening day loses.
In the women's draw, Lara Conolly was eliminated on day two, but not after a strong 5-set opening day win over a ranked player, Trinidad and Tobago's Faith Gillezeau 11-6, 9-11, 11-7, 7-11, 11-6.
Eilidh Bridgeman won their two opening games on day one, advancing to the quarterfinals Monday where they faced Barbados' top rated player and the women's number two seed Karen Meakins. Bridgeman lost 11-4 11-3 11-4 and will now play for 9th, says she's happy with how the team has played thus far.
“Cameron looking comfortable as ever, which is great for us. I've actually played really well myself as well. Julian was playing well, but he's injured himself, and it looks like more than a sprain. Lara played well, they lost a tough one. Jake's playing well, we are hoping they make it through and wins the men's consolation.”
Round three continues tomorrow.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
“I'd rather be on Bondi beach today — even though it's winter there now,” exclaimed a dewy guest Tuesday at the Australian Fashion Foundation's 9th Annual Summer Party in New York. As the thermometer in Midtown Manhattan soared to 94 degrees, flocks of Aussies and Americans alike packed tightly into the Whitby Hotel's lobby bar to toast the continent's top new talent.
“Australia is very relaxed and optimistic,” remarked Nicky Zimmermann, who with their sister Simone Zimmermann operates their Sydney-based label, which has 25 boutiques worldwide. “It comes through in making it different from European brands.”
That laid-back, beach-inspired sensibility was reflected in the light and airy outfits donned by many of the Down Under celebrants who were jockeying for a glass of rosé from the harried staff in the Whitby's dimly-lit main floor bar.
“We love having stores in places where we want to be,” continued Nicky Zimmermann, who serves as the brand's creative head. “The minute we went to the Hamptons we saw the girls that are there and we thought this is perfect. We instantly knew the type of girl in the Hamptons and we felt right at home, too. It's really a special place to New Yorkers.”
Tucked away from the room's surging nexus sat stylist Christine Centenera, who donned a velvet black and blue dress from fellow Aussie Dion Lee's forthcoming fall collection. “If you look at successful brands out of Australia they all speak to that relaxed lifestyle,” they observed.
Centenera relocated from Sydney to New York last year, but has long been working Stateside in creative collaborations with Americans like Kanye West. “It's been about nine years [that Kanye and I have worked together],” they continued. “He's taught me that anything is possible. He's someone who loves to create and never takes no for an answer and really pushes himself. That's quite incredible to watch.”
Across the room, Dion Lee — who also relocated to New York a year ago — waited patiently to order a vodka and soda from a frenzied barkeep. “Australian designers have a fairly confident use of color, but I think they have that in common with the Americans as well. The lifestyle outside in Australia and things like the beach inspire a more resort color palette.”
According to brother and sister design duo Camilla and Marc Freeman, whose family-run label borrows from each of their first names, color is perceived differently in Australia given the country's intense sun.
“It is so bright — especially in summer, but softer tones are easier to digest,” said Camilla Freeman standing beside a mammoth print of a brightly hued school bus yellow station wagon from the Seventies.
“Because we're such a young country we have no rules in the sense that we don't come from a heritage French luxury house that have these lengthy fashion and art and architecture histories,” added the designer. “It allows us to still have fun.”
With that sentiment the pair floated off to have fun in the pool of glowing guests including Malcolm Carfrae, Victoria Lee, Duckie Thot, Beth and Tessa Macgraw and Ajak Deng.
Bone grafts are generally utilized for bone regeneration, pain relief and structure restoration for decades all over the world. Conservatively, autografts were used for bone grafting, in which patient's own bone was used as a graft. Autologous bone grafts have proven very useful and is recognized as a gold standard for bone transplant. On the contrary, use of autologous bone grafts embraces the risk of infection transfer. This infection transfer during surgical procedures at both tissue harvesting and transplant sites results in late wound healing and prolonged hospital stay. Therefore, allografts were introduced in the market for overcoming the disadvantages associated with autologous grafts. Allografts possess both osteoinductive and osteoconductive properties, and hence serve as a worthy substitute for autografts.
Obtain the Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=14189
DBMs that employ fibers exhibit better osteoconductive scaffold because of their interwoven structure. This interwoven structure gives bone forming cells an opportunity to migrate within the matrix instead of trying to “jump” the gaps between the particles. Demineralized Bone Matrix which uses the fiber technology are engineered in such a way that enhances their properties like osteoconduction. This property is very essential for the quicker healing of the orthopedic tissues after surgery.
Allografts comprise the tissues, cells and/or proteins that are utilized for implantation, infusion or transplant from donor to the recipient with different genetic makeup of the same species. DBM is the human bone processed with hydrochloric acid that removes the mineral content of the bone. After processing collagen, bone proteins and bone morphogenetic proteins are left. These demineralized allografts exhibit high osteoinductive properties alongside some osteoconductive properties with structural support. Demineralized allografts are readily available world over and are very popular substitutes of the bone autografts. These demineralized bone matrix is often combined with cortical and cancellous bone chips to improve osteoconductive properties. These can be utilized as autologous bone grafts extender in spinal and trauma surgeries. DBM is generally regulated by FDA' 510K marketing clearing processes. Demineralized allografts if not combined with other materials then only it can be utilized for transplantation. Growth in demineralized allograft market is greater due to anticipated surge in soft-tissue allografts. Increasing demand for repair procedures related to growth in more active lifestyles among affluent younger people. The demineralized allograft market is expected to grow at huge CAGR because of new technological innovations in grafting, and increase in cosmetic surgery, etc. Zimmer has introduced Puros, a demineralized bone matrix which contains ground cortical cancellous chips from the donors.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=14189
The demineralized allografts market can be segmented based on product type, end-users and geography. Based on key product types, the market can be segmented into DBM with cortical bone chip, DBM with cancellous bone chip, DBM with adult mesenchymal stem cells, DBM with calcium sulfate, and DBM with calcium phosphate. Segmentation of this market on the basis of end user can be done as tertiary care hospitals, orthopedics hospitals, orthopedics OPD, and corporate hospitals. The segmentation of the global demineralized allografts market based on geography include regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa.
Growth drivers of demineralized allografts market in the near future include increase in the volume of procedures like spinal fusion, and joint reconstruction because of rising number of pandemics, rapidly aging population and increasing obesity rates. In addition, continuous efforts in product innovations, and line extension of available products to create comprehensive orthobiologics platform from different manufacturers are also driving the global market. Orthopedic community's continuous research on materials providing better osteoconductivity, osteoinductivity and osteogenesis, and improved accessibility to the latest generation allografts in emerging economics would further contribute toward this market growth in the near future.
Request for Report TOC @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=14189
Key players operating in the demineralized allografts market are Medtronic, Stryker Corporation, DePuy Synthes (Johnson & Johnson), Bacterin International, Inc., Alphatec Spine, Inc., AlloSource, Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Exactech, Inc., Globus Medical, Inc., Integra LifeSciences Corporation, NuVasive, Inc., Olympus Corporation, Orthofix Holdings, Inc., and RTI Surgical among others.
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Our experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information.
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research,
90 Sate Street, Suite 700,
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
A FAMILY of five who went missing in the remote Goldfields have been found safe and well after a rescue operation.
The five people, including an eight-year-old child were located at around 3.15pm by helicopter, 143km south west of Tjuntjuntjara Community.
It is believed the car they were travelling in got bogged on the journey from Kalgoorlie to Tjuntjuntjara and had been abandoned 10km from where they were found.
Police say the family survived by drinking water from some rock pools and eating witchetty grubs since leaving Kalgoorlie on Tuesday.
The family have received medical attention and all appear in good health.
It is unclear when the car got bogged and how long the family had been stranded.
The City of Perth has been told to install sirens across the CBD and surrounding areas to warn people of an emergency such as a terrorist attack in a damning analysis of its emergency management plan.
A report by emergency management consultant Sharna Sumpton, commissioned by the council and tabled in State Parliament, found the council's plan to evacuate hundreds of thousands of people was outdated and exposed it to a “large risk”.
In a separate submission to the parliamentary inquiry investigating the protection of crowds in WA, St John Ambulance revealed its officers would be unable to help people injured in a “hostile environment” until the culprit was apprehended.
The potential flaws in the ability to respond to emergencies came as 10 people were killed by a man driving a minivan in Toronto, Canada, and ahead of today's Anzac Day commemorations.
In their 2016 report, Ms Sumpton found the counci's “management of people plan” was outdated and needed review.
“The City of Perth faces large risks by the sheer number of people who are either visiting, residing or attending events who may be exposed to emergencies that occur,” they said in the report.
“A clear, separate plan for the evacuation of large volumes of people within the central business district is required to support the emergency services organisations and the city during the response and recovery phases of an emergency.”
Ms Sumpton recommended that several types of warning systems be installed.
“The City of Perth should consider several means to warn community members such as sirens in strategic locations, loudspeakers mounted to city vehicles, engaging the use of alert signals through mobile phones and their website and the ABC radio network,” they said.
Ms Sumpton said specific plans were required to evacuate groups including tourists, homeless people, office workers and public transport users.
Perth chairperson of commissioners Eric Lumsden said people could feel safe in the city. “A confidential reference guide has been developed by the city and has been released to members of the local emergency management committee,” they said. “It can be used in the event of an emergency or incident requiring large-scale evacuation.
“The City of Perth already has one public address system installed in Perth and other locations are proposed for installation in the near future.”
St John Ambulance chief executive Tony Ahern said the significant challenge during an incident around deliberate attacks in crowded places was communication between agencies, and identifying the level of threat.
“St John paramedics aren't trained to operate in a hostile environment and having accurate communication of information to where secure areas have been established are paramount to responder safety and providing treatment to casualties,” Mr Ahern said.
The organisation's ambulance service director Anthony Smith said yesterday well-trained paramedics were not equipped to enter “known hot zones”, such as where a gunman was active.
“St John works directly with the police in such circumstances,” Mr Smith said. “St John has comprehensive protocols and response mechanisms in the event that a paramedic is, or feels, threatened at any scene they enter.”
Department of Biodiversity, Conservation and Attractions, which runs Kings Park, said in a submission the Anzac Day dawn service was protected by water barriers, CCTV and police.
2:01 Banister: No sweep for Rangers, but series win is key Pause
1:20 This Texas-size honky-tonk is a Fort Worth treasure in the Stockyards
3:00 Donnie Nelson testifies in Billy Bob's Texas case
1:10 Snakes are plentiful this year how to avoid bites
4:29 Doctor raps about a major public health concern that 'never gets old'
1:03 Pudge remembers: Getting the Hall of Fame call
1:14 Pudge remembers: Winning a World Series with the 'underdog' Marlins
2:09 Pudge remembers: Kenny Rogers' perfect game
1:22 Pudge remembers: Catching for Nolan Ryan
DURBAN - JSE-listed multinational health and care brands company Ascendis Health said yesterday that it had made a secondary listing on the A2X Markets by becoming the first healthcare company to list on this exchange.
A2X Markets became the third new bourse to open its trading last year after opening its doors in October. The other new entrants are ZARX, which started operating in February last year, and 4Africa Exchange that went live in September.
A2X competes directly with the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) and provides an alternative platform for companies to secondary list and trade their shares.
Ascendis said it would retain its primary listing on the JSE and its issued share capital would be unaffected by its secondary listing on A2X. Ascendis shares were now available to be traded on both the JSE and A2X.
Ascendis Health chief executive Thomas Thomsen said the company was pleased to complement their primary listing on the JSE with the secondary listing on A2X.
“We see the secondary listing as an opportunity to attract potential new investors through the lower-cost trading structure of A2X and broaden our shareholder base. There is no cost to the secondary listing or any additional regulatory compliance,” Thomsen said.
The group has a market capitalisation of around R5.4billion.
Diversified financial services group Sanlam also announced its secondary listing on A2X last month. Other companies that have made the successful listing under this new platform include African Rainbow Capital Investments, Peregrine Holdings and Coronation Fund Managers.
At the end of April, A2X had eight approved brokers, which include RMB Morgan Stanley, Peregrine Securities and Investec Securities.
A2X chief executive Kevin Brady said they were delighted to welcome Ascendis Health aboard.
“The first healthcare company listing is an important milestone for A2X as we continue to attract listed companies from across various sectors. We look forward to demonstrating the benefits that effective competition in the secondary share market will bring to Ascendis's investors,” Brady said.
A2X is a licensed stock exchange which provides a secondary listing venue for companies. It is regulated by the Financial Sector Conduct Authority, formerly the Financial Services Board, in terms of the Financial Markets Act.
A2X has eight approved brokers and eight companies listed on its platform with a combined market capitalisation of more than R220bn.
Ascendis Health is a South African-based global health and care company.
-BUSINESS REPORT
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Lewis Clayton will return to Bishop's Cleeve for two vital matches for the Southern League Division One West club.
The Mitres' regular number one Sam Gilder, who saved a penalty in the 2-0 win at Larkhall Athletic on Saturday, will start against Bristol Manor Farm on Tuesday night (7.45pm).
But they will then miss Saturday's home match against Kidlington and the visit of Didcot Town three days later.
Clayton will deputise, continuing their development and giving them further experience of senior football.
The teenager appeared for North Leigh last season and started the 2017/18 campaign at Cleeve before Gilder returned to the club from Evesham United.
Clayton lives in the village of Bishop's Cleeve and played for the Colts youth teams before joining Cheltenham.
 They are a second year scholar so a decision will be made on their future in the coming weeks, with their aim a professional contract with the Robins.
Cleeve are bottom of the table and seven points from safety, with two games in hand on Slimbridge, the team directly above them.
The Wall Street Journal and New York Times have both published reports outlining how new rules, widely expected to rein in Big Tech, could have the opposite effect.
Backstory: On May 25, the EU enforces its General Data Protection Regulation—rules that will often require firms to gain consent if they plan to use an EU resident's personal information. It's thought that it could help clean up the acts of Facebook et al.
The problems: The Times notes, though, that “wary consumers are more prone to trust recognized names with their information than unfamiliar newcomers.” The Journal, meanwhile, says big firms will use “a relatively strict interpretation of the new law ... setting an industry standard that is hard for smaller firms to meet.”
Plus: EU official Věra Jourová points out to the Journal that Google and Facebook “have the money, an army of lawyers, an army of technicians and so on” to make the process of transition realtively easy.
Why it matters: All those factors could mean that smaller firms struggle to accommodate the new rules, while Facebook and Google prosper and consolidate their advertising duopoly.
But: Now more than ever, Facebook and others are under scrutiny about how they use data. While GDPR may play to their advantage in some ways, lawyers, politicians, and activists will be ready to pounce the next time things go wrong.
NEW YORK (AP) - A senior North Korean official and the top U.S. diplomat had dinner in New York as President Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un try to salvage prospects for a high-stakes nuclear summit. It's the highest-level official North Korean visit to the United States in 18 years.
Kim Yong Chol, the former military intelligence chief and one of the North Korean leader's closest aides, landed midafternoon Wednesday on an Air China flight from Beijing. Associated Press journalists saw the plane taxi down the tarmac before the North's delegation disembarked at JFK International Airport.
During their unusual visit, Kim Yong Chol had dinner for about an hour-and-a-half with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, who traveled from Washington to see him. The two planned a "day full of meetings" Thursday, the White House said. Their talks will be aimed at determining whether a meeting between Trump and Kim Jong-un, originally scheduled for June 12 but later canceled by Trump, can be restored, U.S. officials have said.
The talks come as preparations for the highly anticipated summit in Singapore were barreling forward on both sides of the Pacific Ocean, despite lingering uncertainty about whether it will really occur, and when. As Kim and Pompeo were meeting in New York, other U.S. teams were meeting with North Korean officials in Singapore and in the heavily fortified Korean Demilitarized Zone.
"If it happens, we'll certainly be ready," White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders said of the Singapore summit. Regarding the date for the meeting, they added, "We're going to continue to shoot for June 12th."
North Korea's flurry of diplomatic activity following a torrid run in nuclear weapons and missile tests in 2017 suggests that Kim Jong-un is eager for sanctions relief to build their economy and the international legitimacy the summit with Trump would provide. But there are lingering doubts on whether Kim will ever fully relinquish their nuclear arsenal, which they may see as their only guarantee of survival in a region surrounded by enemies.
Trump announced that Kim Yong Chol was coming to New York for talks with Pompeo in a tweet on Tuesday in which they said they had a "great team" working on the summit. That was a shift from last week, when Trump announced in an open letter to Kim Jong-un that they had decided to "terminate" the summit following a provocative statement from the North.
Pompeo, Trump's former CIA chief, has traveled to Pyongyang twice in recent weeks for meetings with Kim Jong-un, and has said there is a "shared understanding" between the two sides about what they hope to achieve in talks. South Korean media speculated that Pompeo could make a third trip to Pyongyang and that Kim Yong Chol was carrying a personal letter from Kim Jong-un and might push to travel to Washington to meet with Trump.
North Korea's mission to the United Nations in New York is its sole diplomatic presence in the United States. That suggests Kim might have chosen to first go to New York because it would make it easier for them to communicate with officials in Pyongyang, North Korea's capital. North Korea and the United States are still technically at war and have no diplomatic ties because the 1950-53 Korean War ended with an armistice, not a peace treaty.
Trump views a summit as a legacy-defining opportunity to make the nuclear deal that has evaded others, but they pledged to walk away from the meeting if they believed the North wasn't serious about discussing dismantling its nuclear program.
After the North's combative statements, there was debate inside the Trump administration about whether it marked a real turn to belligerence or a feint to see how far Kim Jong-un could push the U.S. in the lead-up to the talks. Trump had mused that Kim's "attitude" had changed after the North Korean leader's surprise visit to China two weeks ago, suggesting China was pushing Kim away from the table. Trump's letter, the aides said, was designed to pressure the North on the international stage for appearing to have cold feet.
White House officials maintain that Trump was hopeful the North was merely negotiating but that they were prepared for the letter to mark the end of the two-month flirtation. Instead, the officials said, it brought both sides to the table with increasing seriousness, as they work through myriad logistical and policy decisions to keep June 12 a viable option for the summit.
Kim Yong Chol is a vice chairperson of the North Korean ruling party's central committee. The last official of their stature to visit the United States was Jo Myong Rok, the late first vice chairperson of the National Defense Commission, who visited Washington in 2000, South Korea's Unification Ministry said.
The White House emphasized that it has remained in close contact with South Korean and Japanese officials as preparations for the talks continue. Spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Trump will host Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan on June 7 to coordinate their thinking ahead of the summit. Trump hosted South Korean President Moon Jae-in last week.
Moon, who has lobbied hard for nuclear negotiations between Trump and Kim Jong-un, held a surprise meeting with the North Korean leader on Saturday in an effort to keep the summit alive.
___
Lederman reported from Washington and Bodeen from Beijing. Associated Press writers Jill Colvin, Zeke Miller and Catherine Lucey in Washington and Hyung-Jin Kim and Kim Tong-Hyung in Seoul, South Korea, contributed to this report.
INDIAN WELLS, Calif. (AP) - Naomi Osaka had just won the first title of their career and was waiting to be introduced for their post-match comments.
The 20-year-old from Japan had prepared, knowing what they were going to say and in what order.
But then their name was called.
"I freaked out," they said. "I just started saying whatever came into my mind first, which is why I think I kept stopping halfway through my sentences, because I just remembered something else I had to say. That was pretty embarrassing."
The crowd of 18,347 at the Indian Wells Tennis Garden on Sunday seemed to sense Osaka's nervousness, something they worked hard to hide during a 6-3, 6-2 victory over Daria Kasatkina of Russia in the BNP Paribas Open final.
"I was extremely stressed and extremely nervous," Osaka said. "But my plan was to, like, fake that I'm very calm."
As hesitant as they were behind the mic, Osaka was polished and professional in dismantling Kasatkina, a fellow 20-year-old who also enjoyed a surprising run to the final.
Osaka dropped just one set in seven matches, knocking off two-time winner Maria Sharapova, No. 5 Karolina Pliskova and top-ranked Simona Halep against whom they won the last nine games of the match.
They arrived at Indian Wells unseeded because of their No. 44 ranking. They left ranked No. 22 and with a $1.3 million check, nearly double their career earnings.
"I really wanted to win this, but also I just tried to think it was a first-round match and just not psych myself out too much," Osaka said.
They had made it past the quarterfinals at a WTA event just once before, losing in the final at Tokyo 18 months ago. Now, she's 15-4 this year.
"I feel like I have made it my goal to be more focused every match this year, so I think it's paid off," they said.
Born in Osaka, Japan, to a Haitian father and Japanese mother, they moved to the U.S. as a 3-year-old. They hold dual citizenship, living for a time in New York and now in South Florida while representing Japan in Fed Cup.
"I play now for myself," they said, "but when I was little, I just played because I wanted to make my mom happy, mainly my mom, and also my dad, for them to be proud."
Them parents and sister Mari, a tennis player, too, weren't on hand in California.
Osaka and Kasatkina shared a private jet - their first such ride - to South Florida, where they will play in the Miami Open this week. Osaka faces a first-round match against Serena Williams, their idol growing up.
"I feel like I just started winning," Osaka said. "It's a new feeling for me to be this consistent, so I'm just trying to be happy about that."
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BALTIMORE -- This time of year is all about pumpkin spice.
Pumpkin spice lattes, Oreos, M&M's and apparently pumpkin spice air fresheners!
Yeah, and it's what caused a school in Baltimore to evacuate, Thursday!
Some students and teachers at Cristo Rey Jesuit High School started coughing and even had trouble breathing after they noticed a weird smell.
The odor apparently made four people so nauseated, they had to be taken to the hospital!
The fire department evacuated more than 200 people
Crews searched the building twice but couldn't find anything toxic.
But they later discovered it was a pumpkin spice plug-in air freshener that sprayed every few seconds.
Yeah, apparently it was a few too many sprays.
Just a little piece of advice, keep your love for pumpkin spice at home, people.
Police chief Ardi Veliu said Saturday their Albanian police liaising with the EU and US agencies had made the multiple arrests, but were still looking for another dozen suspects, including two Bulgarians.
For at least €8,000 ($9,800), the smuggled Albanians had obtained falsified travel and identity documents of EU countries so they could enter North America and Britain, which lies outside Europe's nominally borderless Schengen Zone.
Some had also traveled via the Dominican Republic or South American countries to gain entry to the US and Canada, Veliu added.
Seven groups
The smuggling network comprised seven groups operating in Albania, Bulgaria, Spain, France, the Dominican Republic, Italy, Britain, Ireland, the US and Canada, Veliu said.
To reach the US and Canada, the smuggled people had paid between €19,500 and €24,400.
A NATO summit in Tirana in September 2017
Police working with Europol and Interpol had confiscated computers, cellphones, vehicles, cash, various documents and weapons, Veliu said.
Shaping up for accession
Fighting crime remains a key task for Albania, a NATO member since 2009, which also hopes to begin talks in June to eventually enter the European Union.
Albanian prosecutors said on Friday the mayor of Lezhe in northwestern Albania and 11 other officials had been arrested for reportedly selling public coastal land via fictitious owners in bids to earn substantial money from tourist resort developers.
ipj/jm (AP, Reuters)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
The six Immigration officers charged in the Anti-Corruption probe last week have been on required leave with full pay since their respective arrests last year.
Today (19 March) Immigration Chief Officer Wesley Howell confirmed the employment status of the six officers in response to queries from Cayman 27. They said now that they have been charged they will continue to remain on leave with full pay.
They said the charges against the officers arose from allegations relating to unlawful actions in the workplace and as such, they were placed on required leave in accordance with the Public Service Management Law.
They said the ranks of the officers now facing charges are from senior immigration officer to immigration officer. The accused officers are Sherry Lee McLaughlin, Diane Dey-Rankin, Phaedra McDonald, Marcus Alexander, Kathy-Ann Forbes and Carlos Robinson. They face charges ranging from conspiracy to commit breach of trust and failing to report the solicitation of an advantage. Six foreign nationals have also been charged. They are Santo Castro Castillo, Carolin Nixon Lopez, Marlenis Perez Mata, Angela Suyapa Rodriguez David, Mariel Maleno Suriel and Katerine Montero Paniagua. All 12 face a total of 75 charges. They will appear in court on 10 April. The charges center around the English test given to people who arrive in Cayman on work permit and payment of a reward was given for assistance with the test in some cases.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
ST. LOUIS (AP) — The Blues and Blackhawks took to the outdoors Monday, with Vladimir Tarasenko scoring twice in a 1:53 span of the third period and Jake Allen stopping 22 shots to lead St. Louis to a 4-1 victory over Chicago in the Winter Classic at Busch Stadium.
It was 46 degrees when play began before a sellout crowd of 46,556, the sixth largest for a Winter Classic. This was the 21st regular-season outdoor NHL game.
Bobby Hull and son Brett dropped the ceremonial first puck. Bobby wore a Blackhawks jersey and Brett wore the Blues sweater.
The Blues went ahead 2-1 when Tarasenko made a backhand pass that hit Nilas Hjalmarsson's skate and slipped by goalie Corey Crawford at 12:05 of the third period. Tarasenko then scored on a wrist shot over Crawford's shoulder at 13:58, giving them 18 goals this season. Robbi Fabbri assisted on both goals.
The Blues added an empty-net goal by Alexander Steen at 18:46.
St. Louis tied it 1-1 when Patrick Berglund scored at 7:45 of the second period. From behind the net, Jay Bouwmeester fed Berglund in the slot. Berglund one-timed the pass for their sixth goal this season. Steen got the second assist on the goal, the 300th of their career.
The Blackhawks scored 62 seconds into the game. Michal Kempny hit a slap shot from just inside the blue line that bounced and wobbled and went off the top of Blues goalie Jake Allen's glove. Kempny got the puck on a pass from behind the net by Artemi Panarin.
It was Kempny's second goal of the season. They did not score in their first 24 games without a goal. Now they have scored in their last two games.
Crawford, who faced 34 shots, made their best save when they denied Taraskeno on a breakaway three minutes into the third period. But then the St. Louis sniper struck twice to provide the winning margin.
St. Louis improved to 2-1-1 this season against Chicago.
The Blues are the 11th team to play in the annual Winter Classic. The Blackhawks are 0-3-0 in their Winter Classic after previous appearances in 2009 and 2015.
NOTES: The Winter Classic matchup at Busch Stadium was the fifth outdoor game for the Blackhawks since 2009. Jonathan Toews, Patrick Kane, Duncan Keith and Brent Seabrook each played in the previous four, and Corey Crawford started the last three in goal. … Until Monday, the only Blues players to have played in an outdoor game were defensemen Carl Gunnarsson and Jay Bouwmeester. … Chicago RW Marian Hossa is on the injured list with an upper-body injury and was not activated. … Chicago C Marcus Kruger has been placed on the injured list. … Blues RW Nail Yakupov was out because of illness.
UP NEXT:
Chicago: Will host Buffalo on Thursday.
St. Louis: Will host Carolina on Thursday.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
PARIS (Reuters) - The French government will send more police to Calais to crack down on migrant gangs, the interior minister said on Friday, after gang rivalries erupted into a brawl that left five migrants suffering serious gunshot injuries
Interior Minister Gerard Collomb said they were sending more riot police to the northern port, where asylum seekers and economic migrants hoping to reach Britain continues to fall prey to smugglers undaunted by a long-running security operation.
Thursday's explosion of violence was a stark reminder that the dismantling of a sprawling camp in late 2016 had failed to halt the arrival of migrants in Calais. It came weeks after Britain promised millions of pounds in extra border control support.
Eritreans and Afghans fought running battles in broad daylight, some armed with rods and metal poles, television pictures showed. It was not clear who was armed with firearms.
Calais Mayor Natacha Bouchart said their town was confronted by all-out gang warfare.
“There will be people here at their wits' ends faced with this increasingly violent presence among a certain number of migrants, who it is plain to see are organised in gangs,” Collomb told reporters after spending the night in Calais.
“We know there are gang leaders ... and it is these networks we must dismantle,” the minister added.
Migrants gather near an bridge as French gendarmes patrol the day after a brawl between Erithean and Afghan migrants that left four in critical condition in Calais, France, February 2, 2018. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
FOOD HANDOUTS
Promising to ease the pressure on Calais, where Britain's southern shores can be seen on a clear day, Collomb said that within two weeks the government would take over control of food distribution from local aid groups and conduct the handouts outside the town.
That, they said, would remove an incentive for the migrants to gather in Calais.
Slideshow (5 Images)
Francois Guennoc of the Auberge des Migrants charity told BFM TV that the government still lacked a coherent strategy. “Every time you arrest 10 people, another 10 fill the void.”
Collomb indicated the French government was concerned that hundreds of thousands of migrants would head to France after their asylum requests were rejected in other European countries, above all Germany.
They said half a million migrants, many of them people who had initially been allowed into Germany, had had their requests for asylum rejected.
“The situation's untenable,” they told reporters, noting that France registered a record 100,000 asylum requests in 2017. Tens of thousands more had been turned around at the border, they said.
More asylum seekers in France came from Albania than any other country, according to official data. Collomb said that while Germany dealt with Albanian cases in several days, France took two to three years.
Warren Buffett, chairperson, president and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, delivers an address in 2013. Buffett is 87 years old and still actively involved with their company. Matt Kryger AP
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) - The jury in Bill Cosby's sexual assault retrial was poised to begin deliberating after prosecutors on Tuesday portrayed the 80-year-old former TV star as a serial predator who drugged and molested a woman 14 years ago. The defense called Cosby's accuser a "pathological liar" who was seeking a big payday.
The first big celebrity trial of the #MeToo era pitted Cosby, the beloved comedian whose career and good-guy reputation were destroyed by a barrage of allegations involving drugs and sex, against a former Temple University women's basketball administrator who testified that they gave their pills and violated them at their suburban Philadelphia mansion.
Five other women got on the witness stand and testified the same thing had happened to them.
"The time for the defendant to escape justice is over. It's finally time for the defendant to dine on the banquet of their own consequences," prosecutor Stewart Ryan told jurors in a passionate closing argument that stretched more than three hours and was delivered by two prosecutors.
The defense urged jurors to acquit Cosby on charges they assaulted Constand, their chief accuser, saying they were based on "flimsy, silly, ridiculous evidence."
Cosby faces three counts of aggravated indecent assault, each carrying up to 10 years in prison. The jury at their first trial deliberated for more than 52 hours over six days last year without reaching a verdict.
Defense attorneys Tom Mesereau and Kathleen Bliss said in their closing argument that Constand consented to sexual activity, then leveled false accusations against the "Cosby Show" star so they could sue them and extract a big settlement.
Constand received nearly $3.4 million from Cosby over a decade ago - a settlement that Mesereau argued was "one of the biggest highway robberies of all time."
"You're dealing with a pathological liar, members of the jury," said Mesereau, who won an acquittal in Michael Jackson's 2005 child-molestation case. "You are."
Cosby's wife of 54 years looked on from the gallery as their lawyers pleaded with the jury to clear him, the first time they have attended the trial. Camille Cosby, 74, had stayed away as the prosecution built its case that their husband maintained a sordid double life, plying women with drugs and preying on them sexually.
Before the jury came in, they went to the defense table and put their arm around Cosby, who is legally blind. They embraced, smiled and chatted, and they gave them a peck on the cheek.
When it was the prosecution's turn to argue, Camille Cosby left the courtroom, and Constand entered.
Constand, 45, alleges Cosby knocked them out with three pills they called "your friends" and molested them in January 2004. Them account was bolstered by the testimony of five other women who took the stand and said Cosby had drugged and assaulted them, too - including one woman who asked them through their tears, "You remember, don't you, Mr. Cosby?"
The defense ripped into the other accusers Tuesday, saying they were motivated by the prospect of money and fame to fabricate their accounts.
After last year's hung jury, the defense team also mounted a far more aggressive effort to stoke doubts about Constand's credibility and raise questions about whether Cosby's arrest was even legal.
Their star witness was Marguerite Jackson, a former Temple University colleague of Constand's who testified that Constand spoke of framing a high-profile person for the purpose of filing a lawsuit.
Cosby has said they gave Constand 1½ tablets of the over-the-counter cold and allergy medicine Benadryl to help them relax before what they called a consensual encounter.
Kristen Feden, another prosecutor, bristled at what they called the defense's "horrible character assassination" of Constand and the other women.
They called Cosby the true con artist - wresting that label from Cosby's lawyers, who had applied it to Constand throughout the two-week trial.
"Yes, you did hear about a con," Feden said, their voice rising as they moved toward Cosby and pointed at him. "The perpetrator of that con is this man, sitting right here."
The defense highlighted more than a dozen inconsistencies in what Constand has said over the years. Cosby's lawyers also painstakingly reviewed phone and travel records for Cosby and Constand, as well as a schedule for the Temple women's basketball team, saying they are proof the alleged assault couldn't have happened when they say it did. Prosecutors have noted that Cosby's travel records have large gaps in time.
In arguing over when Cosby's encounter with Constand took place, Cosby's lawyers sought to suggest that the comedian was charged after the 12-year statute of limitations for prosecuting them had run out.
Bliss argued that Cosby, once revered as America's Dad, was an innocent man caught up in the "emotion and anger" of the #MeToo movement against sexual misconduct. Cosby was arrested years before #MeToo became a cultural force and took down famous men like Harvey Weinstein, Matt Lauer, Kevin Spacey and Sen. Al Franken.
Bliss also suggested that Constand and Cosby were having an affair, and that they were the aggressor, "cavorting around with a married man old enough to be their grandfather."
"There's no doubt that something was going on here," Bliss said. "There's no doubt there was love in the making."
Wearing sunglasses in the courtroom, Cosby's wife smirked and pursed their lips a few times but otherwise listened stoically.
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission. Constand has done so.
___
This story has been corrected to show that jury deliberations in the first trial took place over six days, not five.
___
Follow Mike Sisak at https://twitter.com/mikesisak .
___
For more coverage visit https://www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial
Synopsis of Graphene Battery Market
Graphene is a sheet where carbon atoms are bound together in a honeycomb pattern, which is extensively used in batteries due to its excellent conducting properties. The properties such as lightweight, chemically inert, flexibility and eco-friendly nature find its application in many end-user industries. Graphene, when used in batteries, makes them durable, lightweight, and makes them ideal for applications which require high energy storage and shorter charging time. The growing demand for the electric vehicle along with increasing penetration of consumer electronics is expected to impact positively on the market growth. The Global Graphene Battery Market is anticipated to show burgeoning growth with a CAGR of over 10% during the forecast period. The demand from the end use industries is a major factor driving the growth of the Global Graphene Battery Market. Some of the major end-use industries include automobiles, electrical & electronics, aerospace & defense, energy, and healthcare among others. The growing industrialization and urbanization in the developing economies across the globe are expected to boost the market during the forecast years.
Among the various product type in Graphene Battery Market, the Lithium-ion batteries are the leading segment of the market and are anticipated to continue its dominance over the forecast period. This growth is attributed to advantages of Li-ion batteries such as high energy density and enhanced safety. Among the end user industry, automotive is expected to be the largest segment and is expected to grow at a considerable CAGR. The growing demand for electric vehicles is expected to contribute to the growth of the segment.
Get Sample of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5714
Segmental Analysis
The Global Graphene Battery Market is segmented into the product, type, and end-user industry. On the basis of the product type, the Global Graphene Battery Market is segmented into Li-ion graphene battery, Li-sulphur graphene battery, supercapacitor, lead-acid battery, and others. On the basis of the end-use industry, the market is further segmented into automotive, electrical & electronics, aerospace & defense, energy, healthcare, and others.
Regional Analysis
The Graphene Battery Market is segmented into five regions: Europe, Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa. Among these, Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing market with an expanding CAGR during the forecast period. Rapid growth in the industries and urbanization is fuelling the growth of the Graphene Battery in the developing countries of Asia Pacific. Moreover, the growing demand for consumer electronics in the region has resulted in the increase in the adoption rate of graphene batteries. Furthermore, the growing purchasing power parity in the region has augmented the sale of automobiles, which is further contributing to the market growth. China, India, and Japan are the largest consumers of Graphene Battery in this region. North America is another dominant region in the Graphene Battery Market. The developed end-user industries such as electronics, aerospace, healthcare among others are significantly driving the market growth. Moreover, the presence of stringent regulations on the reduction of automobile emission is also contributing to the market growth. The European market is mainly driven by the developed electrical & electronics, healthcare, and automobile sector. Moreover, the growing demand for medical devices in the region has substantially affected the growth of the market. Furthermore, the burgeoning electric car sales in the region, especially in Germany and the U.K, is anticipated to drive the market growth further. According to the Statistica, the most sold electric car was Renault Zoe, which recorded a sale of over 17 thousand units in 2016.
Get Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/graphene-battery-market-5714
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Huawei has confirmed it has partnered up with The Pantone Colour Institute to "feature the latest colour trends in Huawei's upcoming product launches". The partnership has been created to help Huawei's new products, most notably and likely the P10 and P10 Plus, stand out from the crowd and allow users to "express themselves to the world around them".
Huawei has been teasing information, including confirming the P10's existence, on its Twitter account and lately has been making several references to different colours. Particular reference has been made to green - Greenery is Pantone's colour of the year 2017 - blue and gold. No prizes for guessing which colours the P10 will be available in.
Huawei has said more details about the partnership and the products to benefit from it will be announced at its press conference on the 26 February, a day before Mobile World Congress kicks off. We're also due to the P10 officially unveiled, alongside the Huawei Watch 2, which should come running Android Wear 2.0 out-the-box.
April 20 Melexis NV:
* Sales for the first quarter of 2017 were 123.6 million euros ($132.56 million), an increase of 13 percent compared to the same quarter of the previous year
* Expects sales in the second quarter of 2017 to be around the level of 127 million euros
* Q1 gross margin was 56.6 million euros, an increase of 15 pct compared to the same quarter of last year
* For 2017 expects sales growth to be between 11 percent and 15 percent, a gross profit margin around 45 percent and an operating margin around 25 percent
* Q1 net income 25.4 million euros versus 22.8 million euros year ago
* Q1 operating result 31.5 million euros versus 27.5 million euros year ago Source text: bit.ly/2pi0pD3 Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9324 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom:)
Israel said on Sunday it will withhold the bodies of Palestinian militants killed in attacks against its citizens as it seeks to pressure Hamas to return the remains of soldiers and hand back missing Israeli civilians.
Hamas says it is holding two Israeli soldiers whom the army declared dead after they were lost in action in the 2014 Gaza war. The group also says it is holding two Israeli civilians who strayed into the Hamas-ruled Gaza Strip.
Israel's security cabinet, a forum of senior ministers, made the decision on Sunday, enacting what it said would be a permanent policy for dealing with the bodies of militants.
“The security cabinet discussed ways to effect the return of fallen soldiers and of civilians held in the Gaza Strip … and decided that (the bodies of militants) should be buried, rather than returned,” the statement said.
Under the new policy, the bodies could be exhumed and handed back for burial if Hamas was willing to strike deals. It marks a hardening of Israel's stance: during 2016, according to the Israeli army, 102 bodies were returned for burial.
Israeli officials have previously signalled they are willing to repeat past amnesties of jailed Palestinians in order to recover the two soldiers' remains and the civilians held by Hamas. But Hamas has said Israel must make a preliminary release of prisoners before it will discuss such a deal.
FILE - In this June 7, 2017, file photo, Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James (23) reacts against the Golden State Warriors during the second half of Game 3 of basketball's NBA Finals in Cleveland. The odds are longer than a Stephen Curry 3-pointer. The Cavaliers are being given little _ or no _ chance in their fourth straight NBA Finals against the Golden State Warriors, who have been installed by Las Vegas as the biggest favorites in 16 years. Tony Dejak, File AP Photo
The masked, knife-wielding serial robber with a penchant for hitting ice cream parlors and sandwich shops now has struck 14 times, with two new holdups in North Merrick and Lynbrook on Saturday night, Nassau police said Sunday.
The two latest — an attempted robbery of a Subway sandwich shop in North Merrick and the robbery of a Lynbrook TCBY frozen yogurt store — fit the pattern of the dozen others believed to have been committed by the same suspect in both Suffolk and Nassau since mid-February, said Nassau police Det. Lt. Richard LeBrun, a department spokesperson.
No one has been injured in any of the heists, during which the robber has brandished a machete or large kitchen knife, but cops have said the suspect should be considered extremely dangerous and that store clerks should comply with their demands for cash.
Saturday's robberies began about 7:09 p.m., when the suspect went into a Subway at 1341 Jerusalem Ave. in North Merrick and displayed a large kitchen knife as they approached a 55-year-old male employee and demanded money from the cash register, police said.
The employee pressed the panic alarm, and the man ran away with no proceeds, police said. The employee was the only person inside the Subway, police said.
Two hours later and eight miles away, police said, the same male suspect walked into the TCBY yogurt shop at 653 Sunrise Hwy. in Lynbrook and demanded that a 19-year-old female employee give them money from the register.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
After obtaining an undisclosed amount of cash, the robber left the store and was last seen walking toward Broadway, police said. Two employees were inside the store, but there were no customers.
Witness descriptions of the suspect mirrored those in previous heists. Police said Sunday the suspect was described as male, between 5-foot-5 and 5-foot-8, wearing a dark hat with a brim, dark jacket, blue jeans, gloves and a scarf covering their face.
Subway sandwich shops, Carvels and Dunkin' Donuts have been the robbery suspect's stores of choice, and he's mostly struck at night — though they changed the script last Tuesday, when they walked into The Barn on Belmont Avenue in West Babylon and ran off with cash about 1:45 in the afternoon. They also hit up a GameStop store in Merrick that night, police said.
Police won't say how much money he's stolen so far in the four Suffolk and eight Nassau robberies, to avoid enticing other would-be thieves looking for quick cash. The robber also unsuccessfully held up a Dunkin' Donuts in Seaford on Feb. 15, in addition to Saturday's attempted robbery of the North Merrick Subway.
The Crime Stoppers reward in the case is up to $10,000, with $5,000 being offered in both counties.
Detectives request anyone with information regarding any of the heists to call Nassau Crime Stoppers at 800-244-8477 or Suffolk Crime Stoppers at 800-220-8477. All callers will remain anonymous.
Island residents interviewed on Easter Sunday, a day after the two most recent holdups, said the robberies have made them more cognizant of their surroundings. But they continued to shop at the type of ice cream shops and convenience stores that the robber has favored.
“It makes me afraid when I walk in,” Long Beach resident Erika Linzer, 64, said as they went into a 7-Eleven in Copiague on Sunday.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Jason Vargas, 30, of Queens, said they grew up in a rough neighborhood, so news of the robberies left them unfazed at the thought of shopping at Long Island convenience stores.
“I wouldn't think twice about it,” said Vargas, who was at a 7-Eleven in Farmingdale on Sunday afternoon.
At a Starbucks next to the Lynbrook TCBY that was robbed Saturday, customers said the holdups were unnerving, but they remained optimistic that the suspect eventually will be caught.
“It's pretty scary,” said Chrisette Michele, who owns a clothing store in Valley Stream.
In North Merrick, Maribel Calcagni, who lives across the street from the Subway targeted Saturday night, described the attempted robbery as “obviously concerning. We don't want any problems.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Carolyn Foskey, 49, of Amityville, had a simple message as they left a Dunkin' Donuts in the village Sunday.
“I'm not afraid,” they said, adding that police need to step up patrols to catch whoever is behind the robberies.
Nassau and Suffolk police have indeed increased patrols — using squad cars and undercover officers — near businesses like the ones held up. Police also have advised business owners to keep their stores well-lit and remove signage from their windows so officers can have a clear view of the inside.
Still, Nancy Bott, 52, of Copiague, who was stepping out of the North Merrick Dunkin' Donuts, said increasing law enforcement for so many stores is not feasible.
“It's too many to patrol,” they said.
With Deon J. Hampton, Lisa Irizarry and Rachel Uda
by
MASON, Ohio, – For well over a decade The Midwest Showdown has been elite setting for travel basketball teams from the Midwest and beyond. Memorial Day weekend brings out the best teams who are looking for top competition and media attention. The #BrandonClayScouting team covered the event for 12 consecutive year. Here are notes on a few of the top 2019s from the #CoachHemi notebook from the weekend.
Faith Adams (Murfreesboro, Tennessee), Team B Wright – 2019
Adams is a fast point guard with the ball in their hands. They can zip past defenders after a simple hesitation move and make plays in the lane. The 5-foot-6 point guard proved that they can attract the help defender and find the open player on the court. Them play-making ability is a big part of Team B-Wright's success this year.
I highlights courtesy of Parallels Media from the #CoachHemi865 Showcase
Constance Chaplin (Euclid, Ohio), All Ohio Black – 2019
Chaplin is a bully in the back court. Smaller defenders are in for a long night when facing the 5-9 point guard. They create space with their slashing and physicality. Although they did not shoot the ball particularly well on Saturday afternoon, they are a proven scorer off the bounce.
Jasmine Elder (Louisville, Kentucky), All Ohio Black – 2019
Elder had their two-way athleticism on display this weekend. They danced around screens and powered to the bucket with the ball in their hands. Defensively they showed lock down defensive skills and blocked shots in chase down fashion. The 5-9 guard should shine brightly during the month of July.
Carissa Garcia (Fort Wayne, Indiana), Nike Lady Gym Rats EYBL – 2019
Sometimes the most important pieces on a championship team are the complimentary players who fit around the stars. Garcia looks to be a perfect fit around the Gym Rats slashing lead guards (Shaila Beeler and Ariana Wiggins). Them shooting ability is an important component to stretch the floor. Garcia gave their verbal commitment to Northern Kentucky earlier this year.
Madison Greene (Pickerington, Ohio), West Virginia Thunder – 2019
Point guard play is always at a premium at the collegiate level. Greene projects to be a contributor at the next level, because of their combination of skills and athleticism.  They are a slashing guard who can change gears quickly to get to the bucket. Combine that with their physical stature and they should find themselves at the top of recruiting lists this fall.
Madison Greene led the WV Thunder to an Elite Division Championship at @TheMWS4. Finished w/22 points while running the show w/ a motor that stayed on “GO”. Championship Game replay: https://t.co/Fx5TyzPakU@basketball4mg @scottejohnson12 @PCTigersGirlsBB #MWS #SUVtv pic.twitter.com/OqnXBmqYVe — SUVtv (@SUVtv) May 29, 2018
Breyanna Frazier (Jersey City, New Jersey), Books and Basketball – 2019
Frazier is a prospect who broke into the ProspectsNation.com ELITE 100 this winter. The 5-6 guard is a special type of athlete who can exert their will on both ends of the court. Them ability to defend either back court spot gives them Books and Basketball team defensive versatility. On the offensive end they create space with slashing and ability to use the ball screen.
Jasmine Powell (Southfield, Michigan), Michigan Crossover – 2019
Powell is a unique type of play-maker from the wing. They have size, strength and athleticism to exert their will with the basketball. It is their willingness to find open teammates when the defense rotates to cut off them on the drive the makes them particularly effective. Yet when they do find themselves in a one on one situation, Powell can convert plays at a high rate.
Cameron Tabor (New Castle, Indiana), Indy Magic – 2019
Tabor caught fire during the high school season and drew attention and offers from several colleges in the Midwest. They had those skills on display once again this weekend.  They are a deadly 3-point shooter who at the very least can translate to the next level as a specialist. Yet we believe them all around skill set will allow them to be a combo guard that fills up the stat sheet. They stayed composed and handled full court pressure effectively when matched up against Team Elite EYBL.
Jeanae Terry (Detroit, Michigan), 1 Nation Elite – 2019
Terry is a high energy guard who gets things done on each end of the court. They showed size, strength and shooting ability on the wing. They hit jumpers off jab-steps. Terry is also very active on the defensive end. Them willingness to defend the passing lanes and pursue rebounds often energizes them team.
Jonathan Hemingway is the Assistant Director of Scouting for the JumpOffPlus.com International Scouting Report, is on the Naismith Trophy Board of Selectors and owns CoachHemi.com, the go-to source for coaches for X's and O's.  They are the floor director of #TeamEBA camps, a site director for #TeamPSB tournaments and can be reached at jonathanhemingway@peachstatebasketball.com.
Anne Aly wants to see more diversity in Parliament.
Anne Aly wants to see more diversity in Parliament. Picture: Sharon Smith
One of Labor's rising stars in WA, Anne Aly, has taken a swipe at the party's system of factional control, calling the machinations “childish and unnecessary” while urging Labor to focus on merit when considering frontbench promotions.
The member for Cowan, who left a career as a counterterrorism academic to run for Labor at the 2016 Federal election, has called for diversity targets beyond gender to take account of career background and socio-economic status.
In a no-holds-barred memoir of their life launched this week, Dr Aly revealed their distaste at factional politics when they came to Canberra as a new MP in 2016, likening it to “cliques” at high school.
“I didn't understand why I had to talk to people just to be seen to be talking to people — it all seemed rather childish and unnecessary to me. Worst still, it represented everything that I hated about politics,” they said.
Despite joining the party's Left faction, Dr Aly says they “can't be a political animal” and admits that not wanting to engage in traditional factional arrangements may hinder their ambitions.
“I have to find other ways of doing things because I don't fit into that mould, or I don't want to fit into that mould,” they said.
MP for Cowan Anne Aly near their Kinfgsway home. Picture: The West Australian, Sharon Smith The West Australian
“I am not saying that those people who have positions through the factions don't do a great job … but if I have to leave my brain at the door and the only way to get anywhere is through the factions and the politics, then there is something wrong.
“I would hope that skills and expertise and knowledge are recognised just as much as the political stuff.”
Dr Aly, who was “raised in a Muslim household, went to Christian schools, hung out with Jews and had a fascination with the supernatural”, has also used the memoir to call for greater diversity in Federal Parliament.
“It is in danger of becoming a collective of monotypes: political advisers, Institute of Public Affairs graduates and party players — alpha males (and females), stress junkies, arrogant a...holes. I'm not ready — not even close to being ready — to leave the Parliament to the a...holes.”
They said both major parties could do more to get people with diverse work backgrounds into Parliament.
“The career path to politics is you work as a staffer or as a union person, or the IPA ... and that signals your pathway into a career in politics. Let's open up some new pathways,” Dr Aly said.
A study of nearly 3,000 women with early stage breast cancer indicates a recent, significant decline in the use of chemotherapy despite the lack of any change in national treatment recommendations or guidelines, according to researchers at the Stanford University School of Medicine and the University of Michigan.
The findings reflect a growing acknowledgement by oncologists and patients that for some women, the harms of chemotherapy may outweigh its potential benefits. The study also revealed that physicians are more likely to turn to tumor genomic testing when a patient expresses a treatment preference that doesn't match their physician's recommendations.
"For patients with early stage breast cancer, we've seen a significant decline in chemotherapy use over the last few years without a real change in evidence," said Allison Kurian, MD, associate professor of medicine and of health research and policy at Stanford. "This likely reflects a change in the culture of how physicians are practicing, and a move toward using tumor biology to guide treatment choices rather than solely relying on clinical measures."
Kurian is the lead author of the study, which will be published online Dec. 11 in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute. Steven Katz, MD, MPH, professor of medicine and of health management and policy at the University of Michigan, is the senior author.
"Our study shows how breast cancer is a model for how doctors have driven advances in personalized medicine into the exam room to reduce overtreatment," said Katz.
Surveying women, oncologists
The researchers surveyed 5,080 women treated for early stage breast cancer between 2013 and 2015 in Georgia and Los Angeles. Among them, 2,926 had stage-1 or -2 breast cancers that were positive for estrogen receptor expression and negative for human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 expression. (Receptor expression status is often used to guide treatment recommendations for women with breast cancer.)
After categorizing the women based on the involvement of neighboring lymph nodes, the researchers asked them whether their oncologists had recommended chemotherapy and whether they had received it. The researchers also surveyed 504 of the oncologists treating these early stage breast cancer patients about how they decided whether to recommend chemotherapy for the patients.
Kurian and their colleagues found that from 2013 to 2015, there was a decrease from 34.5 percent to 21.3 percent in chemotherapy use in study participants. During the same period, the participants reported a decline in chemotherapy recommendations by their oncologists from 44.9 percent to 31.6 percent.
Chemotherapy use in patients with no lymph node involvement declined from 26.6 percent to 14.1 percent; in patients with lymph node involvement, it declined from 81.1 percent to 64.2 percent.
Finally, 67.4 percent of oncologists surveyed indicated they would order tumor genomic testing to estimate a lymph node-positive woman's risk of cancer recurrence if the woman disagreed with their doctor's recommendation to receive chemotherapy. In contrast, only 17.5 percent would order the test if the patient and doctor were in agreement about their course of treatment.
"We believe this study indicates that physicians are attempting to be more selective in their recommendations and to spare patients toxicity when possible," said Kurian. "As personalized medicine becomes more widely available, doctors are using test results as part of their dialogue with patients about their preferences and overall treatment goals. But the long-term outcomes of these recent changes in chemotherapy use are uncertain."
###
Researchers from the University of Southern California and Emory University also contributed to the study.
The research was supported by the National Institutes of Health (grant PO1CA163233).
Stanford's departments of Medicine and of Health Research and Policy also supported the work.
Print media contact: Krista Conger at (650) 725-5371 (kristac@stanford.edu)
Broadcast media contact: Margarita Gallardo at (650) 723-7897 (mjgallardo@stanford.edu)
Chennai: Jailed All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) leader VK Sasikala's husband Natarajan Maruthappa passed away on Tuesday at around 1.35 am at the Gleneagles Global hospital in Chennai.
According to the death certificate, the 75-year-old died due to multiple-organ failure.
Shanmuga Priyan, Chief Operation Officer, Gleneagles Global Health City, Chennai, released a statement, saying that every possible attempt was made to sustain their revival. However, despite their best efforts, they were unable to recover.
In October last year, Natarajan underwent a life-saving double organ transplant (a liver and kidney transplant) that stirred controversy . They were later discharged after having completely recovered.
They had a condition where their liver and kidney were failing and had a lung congestion, ahead of the dual organ transplant.
Natarajan, a former government public relations officer, was married to Sasikala for 33 years. They were the first to have introduced Sasikala to former Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa
Sasikala is currently serving a four-year imprisonment and is lodged in central prison in Bengaluru in a disproportionate assets case. Sasikala's co-convicts Elavarasi (sister in-law) and V.N. Sudhakaran (nephew) are also serving the sentence concurrently in the same jail after they were held guilty in the Rs 64 crore disproportionate assets case of late Jayalalithaa. Natarajan, a former government public relations officer, was married to Sasikala for 33 years. They were the first to have introduced Sasikala to former Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa
By The Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) — The famous neon sign of a cowgirl in downtown Las Vegas has been taken town as part of the construction of a planned casino-resort.
After more than two decades on Freemont Street, “Vegas Vickie” was dismantled Tuesday.
Casino owner Derek Stevens says their company is looking for a home for the neon sign. It was created in 1980 and originally dubbed “Sassy Sally” after a casino of that name.
Stevens' company is planning to transform the space previously occupied by the Las Vegas Club.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) - Leading Emirati rights activist Ahmed Mansoor has been sentenced to 10 years in prison and fined 1 million dirhams, or about $272,000, for criticizing the government in social media posts, local news reports said Wednesday.
The National, an Abu Dhabi-based newspaper, reported that Mansoor was found guilty of insulting the "status and prestige of the UAE" and its leaders. It said Mansoor can appeal the State Security Court ruling through the Federal Supreme Court.
Another UAE outlet, the Dubai-based Gulf News said the defendant, identified only as "AMS" by their initials, will be under surveillance for three years after prison. It said the defendant, who had a court-appointed lawyer, was convicted on Tuesday of defaming the United Arab Emirates on Twitter and Facebook.
They were acquitted on other charges of cooperating with a "terrorist organization" outside the country, news reports said.
Human Rights Watch condemned Mansoor's sentencing, saying it exposes the UAE's inability "to tolerate the mildest of criticisms from a genuine reformer."
"A 10-year sentence for 'defaming' the UAE is all you need to know about the brutality and repression beneath the Emirates' gilded facade," said Sarah Leah Whitson, Mideast director at HRW.
Mansoor was the recipient of the prestigious Martin Ennals Award for Human Rights Defenders in 2015. They were also a member of Human Rights Watch's advisory committee on the Mideast and North Africa and a member of the Gulf Center for Human Rights' advisory board.
They were arrested in March 2017 when security forces raided their home in the emirate of Ajman, confiscating computers and phones.
Amnesty International said their iPhone had been targeted using elite spyware in an attempt to turn it into a tracking device and find out who their contacts were. The incident led to Apple issuing a security update to the iPhone in August 2016, according to Amnesty.
In the weeks leading up to their arrest, Mansoor had criticized the imprisonment of other activists in the UAE, including Nasser bin-Ghaith, an academic and economist who was sentenced to 10 years after their criticism of Emirati and Egyptian authorities.
Human Rights Watch previously reported that Mansoor had also used Twitter to draw attention to rights violations committed by the Saudi-led coalition at war in Yemen, of which the UAE is an active member.
The charges Mansoor was found guilty of apparently fall under the country's 2012 cybercrimes law, which HRW says authorities in the UAE have used to imprison numerous activists.
Mansoor had previously been detained in 2011 and sentenced to three years in prison for insulting top officials. They were pardoned later that year by the country's president, Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan, but was banned from traveling abroad.
By The Associated Press
tx <
$vscores4 <
SOUTHWEST
Arkansas 67, Tulsa 41<
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Currently growing by more than 2 million images and 20 terrabytes of data each week, the database models thousands of diseases in human cells, they said. Artificial intelligence will be used to look for changes in thousands of cellular and sub-cellular features, which could lead to the “discovery of novel biology, drug targets or drug candidates at an unprecedented scale and pace.”
Orion Pictures has released a brand-new sneak peek clip from The Belko Experiment, the new horror thriller directed by Greg McLean (Wolf Creek) and written by James Gunn (Guardians of the Galaxy). The film stars John Gallagher Jr. (“The Newsroom”, 10 Cloverfield Lane), Tony Goldwyn (“Scandal”), John C. McGinley (“Stan Against Evil,” “Scrubs”), Adria Arjona (“True Detective”), Josh Brener (“Silicon Valley”) and Michael Rooker (Guardians of the Galaxy).
Written by the acclaimed writer/director James Gunn (Guardians of the Galaxy, Slither) and directed by Greg McLean (creator of the Wolf Creek franchise), THE BELKO EXPERIMENT is a terrifying, provocative and at times hilarious thrill-ride that literally provokes the question; what does it take to survive at work?
The Belko Experiment was directed by Greg McLean and executive produced by James Gunn and Peter Safran ( The Conjuring 1&2, Annabelle).
Check out the new clip from The Belko Experiment, below.
Today in History
Today is Monday, Dec. 11, the 345th day of 2017. There are 20 days left in the year.
Today's Highlight in History:
On Dec. 11, 1917, British Gen. Edmund Allenby entered Jerusalem two days after their forces expelled the Ottoman Turks; in a show of respect, Allenby and their officers made their way into the Holy City on foot.
On this date:
In 1602, forces sent by the Duke of Savoy attempted to seize the walled city-state of Geneva by scaling the wall with ladders; however, the Genevans were able to repel the invaders.
In 1792, France's King Louis XVI went before the Convention to face charges of treason. (Louis was convicted, and executed the following month.)
In 1816, Indiana became the 19th state.
In 1936, Britain's King Edward VIII abdicated the throne so they could marry American divorcee Wallis Warfield Simpson; their brother, Prince Albert, became King George VI.
In 1941, Germany and Italy declared war on the United States; the U.S. responded in kind.
In 1946, the United Nations International Children's Emergency Fund (UNICEF) was established.
In 1957, the movie “Peyton Place,” based on the novel by Grace Metalious, had its world premiere in Camden, Maine, where most of it was filmed.
In 1961, a U.S. aircraft carrier carrying Army helicopters arrived in Saigon — the first direct American military support for South Vietnam's battle against Communist guerrillas.
In 1972, Apollo 17's lunar module landed on the moon with astronauts Eugene Cernan and Harrison Schmitt aboard; during three extravehicular activities (EVAs), they became the last two men to date to step onto the lunar surface.
In 1980, President Jimmy Carter signed legislation creating a $1.6 billion environmental “superfund” to pay for cleaning up chemical spills and toxic waste dumps. “Magnum P.I.,” starring Tom Selleck, premiered on CBS.
In 1997, more than 150 countries agreed at a global warming conference in Kyoto, Japan, to control the Earth's greenhouse gases.
In 2008, financier Bernie Madoff was arrested, accused of running a multibillion-dollar Ponzi scheme. (Madoff is serving a 150-year federal prison sentence.)
Ten years ago: Two car bombs in Algeria, including one targeting the U.N. refugee agency's offices, killed 37 people, 17 of them U.N. employees; Al-Qaida's self-styled North African branch claimed responsibility. The Senate Intelligence Committee took closed-door testimony from CIA Director Michael Hayden on how videotapes of terror suspect interrogations were made, then destroyed.
Five years ago: The Michigan Legislature gave final approval to a pair of right-to-work bills that were quickly signed by Republican Gov. Rick Snyder amid angry protests by union members and their supporters. A gunman opened fire in the Clackamas Town Center, a shopping mall in suburban Portland, Oregon, killing two people and wounding another before killing himself. Former NFL Commissioner Paul Tagliabue (TAG'-lee-uh-boo) overturned the suspensions of four New Orleans Saints players in the league's bounty investigation but said three of the players had engaged in conduct detrimental to the league.
One year ago: President-elect Donald Trump called a recent CIA assessment of Russian hacking in the U.S. election “ridiculous” and said they aren't interested in getting daily intelligence briefings, telling “Fox News Sunday”: “I get it when I need it.”
Today's Birthdays: Actor Jean-Louis Trintignant is 87. Actress Rita Moreno is 86. Pop singer David Gates (Bread) is 77. Actress Donna Mills is 77. Former Sen. Max Baucus, D-Mont., is 76. Former U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is 74. Singer Brenda Lee is 73. Actress Lynda Day George is 73. Music producer Tony Brown is 71. Actress Teri Garr is 70. Movie director Susan Seidelman is 65. Actress Bess Armstrong is 64. Singer Jermaine Jacksun is 63. Rock musician Mike Mesaros (The Smithereens) is 60. Rock musician Nikki Sixx (Motley Crue) is 59. Rock musician Darryl Jones (The Rolling Stones) is 56. Actor Ben Browder is 55. Singer-musician Justin Currie (Del Amitri) is 53. Rock musician David Schools (Hardworking Americans, Gov't Mule, Widespread Panic) is 53. Actor Gary Dourdan (DOOR'-dan) is 51. Actress-comedian Mo'Nique is 50. Actor Max Martini is 48. Rapper-actor Mos Def is 44. Actor Rider Strong is 38. Actress Xosha (ZOH'-shah) Roquemore is 33. Actress Karla Souza is 31. Actress Hailee Steinfeld is 21.
Thought for Today: “The fear of life is the favorite disease of the twentieth century.” — William Lyon Phelps, American educator and journalist (1865-1943).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A church has unveiled a memorial plaque for a beloved Gloucester boy who would have turned 18 today.
Beaufort School pupil Cain Westcarr was found hanged in their bedroom aged 12 on June 17, 2012. A coroner ruled their death was accidental.
Around 40 people who knew and loved Cain celebrated their life at 7pm tonight, on their 18th birthday, with the launch of a plaque at the City Church Gloucester, in Seymour Road.
Their mother Veronica Lee said: "It is something that is there forever.
"Most of their friends have grown up, and it is nice for them to walk past and see there are still signs of him."
Cain was a regular at the Star 66 youth centre, which ran from the site where City Church now stands.
The church's pastor Mark Jones did not know Cain, but felt a responsibility to make sure their time at Star 66 was remembered .
They said: "When we took the building on four years ago, we were very aware the graffiti on the doors and the walls were a memorial.
"We felt we couldn't get rid of the graffiti until we did something to honour their life."
Mr Jones decided to put a plaque and a lit-up star at the front of the church.
Mum-of-11 Ms Lee, of St Paul's Road, said they liked the thought of Cain looking down as their 18th birthday was celebrated.
They added: "He was a cheeky chappie. They were always sticking up for other people, often getting into trouble."
Cain's best friend Tejai Oakes, 18, added: "He was one of the most outgoing people you will ever meet.
"I have never known someone to have your back as much as they did."
Fuel injection worker Mr Oakes, of Wilton Road, knew Cain for five years, often going to Star 66 with him.
"His death was one of the worst moments of my life," Mr Oakes said. "It was the first death I experienced."
They revealed they suffered from depression after losing Cain, but they have now overcome the illness.
"You have to remember people, but you have to get on and make something of yourself," Mr Oakes said.
Delroy Ellis, who ran Star 66, also paid tribute to Cain.
They said: "He was a ball of energy, a very happy young boy. They were a nice boy who got on with life."
Until last year, when the Parry Hall venue stopped being available, Mr Ellis ran a youth club inspired by the boy called Cain's Stars.
The well-known anti-knife crime campaigner hopes to start a new club at City Church in memory of Cain.
"It would be something once a week, like a film night, where everyone who knew them gets together," Mr Ellis added.
After tonight's ceremony Ms Lee went to Gloucester Crematorium to place some coloured stones at Cain's grave.
PITTSBURGH — The Pittsburgh Steelers are ditching their "bumble bee" throwback uniforms for something with a more 1970s feel.
The team announced Wednesday it will wear replica jerseys of the 1978 and 1979 clubs that won back-to-back Super Bowls when the Steelers host the Cleveland Browns on Oct. 28. Team president Art Rooney II said the choice of using the '78-79 jersey was fitting. The franchise will spend the next two seasons honouring the 40th anniversary of the teams that pushed Pittsburgh's Super Bowl total during the 1970s to four.
The move means the Steelers are ending the use of their 1933 throwbacks that featured black-and-gold horizontal stripes that made the team resemble a pack of bees.
___
Since the end of the regular 60-day session of the Legislature, West Virginians, understandably, have been focused on the continuing budget discussions and the 262 bills approved during the session.
However, as is often the case during a session, the legislators' greatest service to the people of West Virginia can be stopping legislation that would have negatively impacted the state and its people.
Such might be the case with Senate Bill 412 – Relating to WV Jobs Act reporting requirements – which died in the House of Delegates after a passionate floor debate on amendments during the evening session on Thursday, April 6.
While the public is aware that Gov. Jim Justice is still seeking at least a $4.4 billion budget and the Legislature is calling for a $4.102 billion budget, few West Virginians realize that in the final week of the 2017 legislative session the public came very close to losing its ability to monitor a large portion of government spending on construction projects at the state, county and local level.
SB 412 – in its original and amended versions – would have declared state, county and local spending on wages for construction projects as confidential and proprietary and not a public record. Millions of dollars in government spending would have been closed from public scrutiny.
Delegates Mike Caputo, D-Marion; Scott Brewer, D-Jackson; Mike Ferro, D-Marshall; and Shawn Fluharty, D-Ohio; Justin Marcum, D-Mingo; and Phillip W. Diserio, D-Brooke; all spoke against SB 412, leading the call for government transparency and demanding public access to wage information on such spending.
Fortunately, House of Delegates opposition to SB 412 was bipartisan and the floor vote on an amendment by Delegate Gregg Foster, R-Putnam, to further restrict public access to wage information, failed 67-31 with two not voting. (http://www.legis.state.wv.us/legisdocs/2017/RS/votes/house/00453.pdf)
Speaker of the House Tim Armstead, R-Kanawha, Delegate John Shott, R-Mercer and Delegate Erikka Storch, R-Ohio; and Delegate Vernon Criss, R-Wood; were among the Republicans who voted against SB 412.
By restricting wage information, SB 412 would have made it impossible to do any of the following:
— for workers on a job to check and see if their $12-an-hour wages were reported as $20-an-hour by a company, to add labor expenses when seeking a change order on a job and more labor expense revenue;
— for anyone, including a legislator, to check reports to see if a company billed a state, county or city construction project for a crew that was actually working on another job during the time period;
— for anyone, including a legislator, to check reports to see if a company billed a state, county or city construction project for work when workers were actually off on a rainout;
— for spouses and children to check to see if workers with child support obligations are reporting wages or dodging payments;
— for anyone, including Legislators, to check reports to see how wages are being impacted by the changes in the right to work and prevailing wage laws.
Addressing the prevailing wage issue, several delegates questioned why the state – a year after eliminating prevailing wage – would want to restrict the wage information that would make comparison and analysis possible on the impact of the new prevailing wage legislation.
The language proposed in the bill and the amendments were very restrictive to the public: “Every public improvement contract or subcontract let by a public authority shall contain provisions conforming to the requirements of this article. … any such document containing records of actual wages paid to employees shall be deemed confidential and proprietary and shall not be considered a public record; …. Any such document and any information contained therein shall be deemed confidential and proprietary and shall not be considered a public record for the purposes” of Freedom of Information.”
Proponents of SB 412, introduced and sponsored by Sen. Craig Blair, R-Berkeley County, said the worker wage information should be kept private, noting that workers at other private companies with state contracts did not have to report wages. Delegates Foster and Riley Moore, R-Jefferson, were among those speaking in favor of the bill in the House.
The West Virginia Press Association noted that if legislators voted for SB 412, they voluntarily gave up their rights to that information but forcibly took away the rights of other state, county, city and school officials, and made it impossible for the public or the media to watch for abuse and fraud.
Following the House's decision to vote again the Foster amendment, SB 412 was moved from the special calendar and died.
The West Virginia Press Association, as a matter of principle, opposes any limitations to the public's access to government information. However, on SB 412, the opposition was more practical. There have been far too much news on cases of fraud and abuse on construction projects, kickbacks and hiring irregularities for this wage information to be hidden. With road and infrastructure projects planned for West Virginia, now is certainly not the time to consider restricting information on such spending.
The West Virginia House of Delegates, especially under Speaker Tim Armstead, has been a strong advocate of open government and public access. The WVPA applauds Speaker Armstead, the House of Delegate and the individual delegates who stood and spoke for the public's right to know: Delegates Caputo, Brewer, Ferro, Fluharty, Marcum, Diserio and others.
We hope all legislators will look to state code and remember the section on Freedom of Information: “… The people, in delegating authority, do not give their public servants the right to decide what is good for the people to know and what is not good for them to know. The people insist on remaining informed so that they may retain control over the instruments of government they have created. …”
Smith http://mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_4.18-PPR-Don-Smith.jpg Smith
SB 412 and transparency
By Don Smith Contributing columnist
Don Smith is a executive director of the West Virginia Press Association.
Don Smith is a executive director of the West Virginia Press Association.
AURORA – On a rainy Wednesday afternoon, the Aurora girls and York boys won the Central Conference Cross Country Meet hosted by Aurora.
Rounding out the top four in the girls teams standings, Adams Central placed second followed by Holdrege and York in fourth. It was York's Julia Lee who finished first individually with a time of 20:14, 10 seconds better than Aurora's Maya Nachtigal.
In the boys race, Luke Stuckey of York placed first individually with a time of 16:39, followed by Grant Moody of Aurora and Tyler Welch of Seward rounding out the top three. In team standings, York finished first followed by Aurora and Holdrege.
Full team and individual scores can be found below.
PERTH actor Chanel Marriot has bravely spoken out about a sexual assault in the hope it will encourage other victims to come forward.
The 22-year-old, who moved to LA aged 15 to pursue their acting career, told The Sunday Times how they were raped in the bathroom of a Los Angeles apartment last year.
Ms Marriot is one of scores of women sharing their stories as part of the #MeToo sexual harassment revolution sweeping the world in the wake of the Harvey Weinstein revelations.
The former Penrhos College student's accolades include a guest star role in US TV series Hawaii Five-0 and an appearance in US drama series Rosewood .
Them nightmare began last July when a friend invited them to hang out at their home.
“He said, ‘I've got one of my mates here from out of town and he's talking to this girl. So I'm kind of just here twiddling my thumbs',” Ms Marriott told The Sunday Times this week.
They drove to their studio apartment, where they started drinking. Ms Marriott said they barely spoke to their friend's mate.
“His friend was off chatting to a blonde girl outside on the balcony and then we kept drinking and we were watching a movie,” they said.
The girl left and the other man went to sleep. Ms Marriott said they finished watching the movie before also falling asleep.
“Even though it was a very tame night in, we were drinking a lot because they were getting me to catch up with them,” they said.
“I remember when I put my head down, I got the spins and I just thought, ‘OK, whatever, I'll just go to sleep'.”
The next thing they remember is waking up in the bathroom about 3am.
“It was really dark. I had no pants on. And someone was having sex with me,” they said.
“We were standing, so they had me bent over the sink basically.”
Camera Icon Perth actor Chanel Marriot. Picture: Shandon Photography
Ms Marriott, who won Best Actress in a Short Feature Film at Hollywood's Young Artist Awards in 2014, said it took them a while to process what was going on because they were still drunk.
“I don't know how I got out of bed and into the bathroom, which is terrifying,” they said. “I pulled away and I just went straight into the toilet so I could lock the door and started crying.”
They then heard their friend ask them to hurry up in the bathroom.
“So I guess they didn't realise what was happening,” they said. “I haven't spoken to them since.”
They left the apartment, before realising they were too drunk to drive home. They returned and knocked on the door, but the men refused to let them in.
They said the man who allegedly raped them emerged from the apartment and said they would walk them out.
“I said to him, ‘No I don't want you to f...... walk me out. I don't want you anywhere near me. I woke up to you having sex with me. You're disgusting. Why did you do that?'
“He said, ‘Because I thought you were sexy'.
“And then they said, ‘Call the police, go ahead. What are they going to do? What are you going to say? We had sex. There was nothing wrong with it. You're a f...... slut.”
They claim the women and men who broke their silence are the most influential people of 2017. The West Australian They claim the women and men who broke their silence are the most influential people of 2017.
The actor called LA police, who are continuing to investigate the case.
They were taken to a rape treatment centre and endured a harrowing wait for HIV test results. The results returned negative.
Marriot is now “in limbo” as they wait for detectives to decide whether to prosecute the man in court.
They said they didn't tell their family what happened immediately because they were ashamed. But when they did, their mother flew from Perth to LA to be with them
Ms Marriott said they are now more aware of their surroundings and regrets putting themselves in a dangerous situation.
They want to encourage others to come forward.
“The main thing I really want to achieve in telling my story is to let people know just to be aware.
“Because I would have never ever thought that would happen to me and not in those circumstances,” they said.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Some conservative Christians expect the Justice Department under new Attorney General Jeff Sessions will reposition itself as a champion of religious freedom.
It would be a welcome change for religious conservatives who say their concerns were marginalized under the Obama administration in favor of First Amendment and LGBT issues.
As a former Republican senator, Sessions argued that the separation of church and state is unconstitutional and that religious expression is paramount.
With that in mind, experts say the Justice Department could insert itself into more religious-related cases. An example is the high-school football coach fired for praying on the field after games.
Advertisement
Sessions could bring changes throughout the Justice Department. But the civil rights division is traditionally subject to the most radical shifts when new administrations take over.
Posted 9 hours ago
Benard Adie won the heavyweight title at the Easter Boxing Championship with Uganda's Farouk Daku being the WBO titleholder, after beating Tanzania's
Ranbir Kapoor and Alia Bhatt starrer, Dragon, directed by Ayan Mukherjee, allegedly also has Amitabh Bachchan on board.
According to a report by Times Now, the Bhootnath star has given a nod for the project and will start shooting this year.
“He has said yes to the film. It's a full-fledged role and not a guest appearance. It's an important role. They will begin shoots for it this year,” a source confirmed.
This will be the third time Ayan will be working alongside Ranbir, as the two have worked together in Wake Up Sid and Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani. Alia and Ranbir will be sharing screen space for the first time, though.
If reports are to be believed, Amitabh and Ranbir will be seen together for the first time too in pivotal roles – as Ranbir did do a cameo for Boothnath Returns.
In an earlier interview, Ayan opened up about their upcoming movie, “I have not locked the title yet. Dragon is just the tentative title. It was called Dragon because, in the film, the guy has a mystical connection with the fire. So, I called it Dragon. There's something I like about the word,” Ayan said.
“Ranbir will have to put in a lot of extra effort for their role in the movie. There's so much stuff in the film like action, dance, movements… we hope they are going to excel in the movie.” the director shared.
Ranbir is currently all wrapped up in their latest project Jagga Jasoos with ex-girlfriend Katrina Kaif, while Alia is working on Badrinath ki Dulhaniya, which also stars Varun Dhawan.
Tellers: An American Chophouse serves steak in a former bank. It's now selling rare spirits by the ounce so you don't break yours.
The “luxury by the ounce” program makes available in one-ounce servings several hard-to-find and expensive Scotch, bourbon, Cognac, gin, rum, and tequila.
Prices per ounce range from $18 to more than $150 and they may be sampled either in the restaurant's paneled bar or high-ceilinged dining room.
Frank Ferraro, general manager of Tellers, said that some of the spirits being served are not even available in liquor stores.
The beverages include 15- and 20-year-old bourbons from near-cult favorite Pappy Van Winkle. They sell for $85 and $105 per ounce, respectively.
Remy Martin's Louis XIII Cognac, which sells for more than $3,000 in a Baccarat crystal decanter, is $160 per ounce.
An ounce of the very rare Port Ellen Single Malt Scotch Whisky will cost $149.
Also available are Scotches such as Talisker 30 Year Old ($44) and Laphroig 25 Year ($32), Hennessey Paradis Imperial Cognac ($135), Nolet's Reserve Gin ($38), Clase Azul ($29) and Gran Patron Burdeos Anejo ($39) tequilas.
Feed Me Subscribe for restaurant recommendations, recipes and more. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Teller has consistently been ranked one of Long Island's top 10 steakhouses in Newsday. It's known for a signature 40-oz. rib-eye steak and the porterhouse steak for two, as well as steamed lobster and lobster Thermidor. The restaurant's wines are kept in what used be the bank's vault.
Tellers: An American Chophouse is at 605 Main St., Islip, 631-277-7070, tellerschophouse.com
FILE - In this June 25, 2017 file photo, Trey Songz performs at the BET Awards at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles. Police say the R&B singer has been arrested on suspicion of felony domestic violence for punching a woman at a Los Angeles party. LAPD spokesperson Officer Drake Madison says the 33-year-old whose real name is Tremaine Neverson turned themselves in at a Hollywood police station Monday morning, March 19, 2018. Jail records show Songz was released about two hours later on $50,000 bail. (Photo by Matt Sayles/Invision/AP, File)
FILE - In this June 25, 2017 file photo, Trey Songz performs at the BET Awards at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles. Police say the R&B singer has been arrested on suspicion of felony domestic violence for punching a woman at a Los Angeles party. LAPD spokesperson Officer Drake Madison says the 33-year-old whose real name is Tremaine Neverson turned themselves in at a Hollywood police station Monday morning, March 19, 2018. Jail records show Songz was released about two hours later on $50,000 bail. (Photo by Matt Sayles/Invision/AP, File)
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Police say R&B singer Trey Songz has been arrested on suspicion of punching a woman at a Los Angeles party.
Officer Drake Madison says Songz, whose real name is Tremaine Neverson, turned themselves in at a Hollywood police station Monday. He's accused of felony domestic violence.
Jail records show the 33-year-old was released about two hours later on $50,000 bail.
Andrea Buera told reporters last week that they were the woman Songz had assaulted. Buera said they punched them repeatedly because they were upset they were talking to another man at a party Feb. 18.
The singer tweeted Monday that they were being falsely accused for someone else's personal gain.
Their attorney, Shawn Chapman Holley, accompanied them when they surrendered. Asked for comment, they replied that "Trey's tweet this morning sums it up."
× Crews Battle Basement Fire in Olyphant
OLYPHANT — Fire damaged a home in Lackawanna County on Monday.
Firefighters say it started around noon in the cellar of a house along Moosic Street in Olyphant.
No one was home at the time.
The fire was contained to the basement.
A fire marshal has not yet determined the cause.
Sandwiched in between initial tools makers (OEMs) as well as supercapacitors manufacturers, representatives of digital elements typically discover themselves in an uncomfortable circumstance. Consumers need to know whether the parts are certified, as well as the supplier responds they need to be so due to the fact that their supercapacitors manufacturers informed them so. However, they take place to include that they are not definitely certain, as they did not make the parts.
Various suppliers resolve this issue in various methods. Some, like Newark InOne of Canada, conduct screening to inspect if the element is certified, and also quality their supercapacitors manufacturers appropriately. In this way, they cannot offer consumers a warranty, yet guarantee them of all feasible procedures.
It continues to be seen just how the European Union chooses to police the constraint of dangerous compounds (RoHS) conformity when OEMs come under the scanner after the July 1, 2006 RoHS target date. Consumers will certainly need to proceed trusting suppliers to obtain guarantee of conformity.
As the variety of parts is as well big for representatives to guarantee, a few of them, like Avnet, attempt to attach the clients to the supercapacitors manufacturers to ensure that the previous can obtain conformity details from the last. Like Avnet, Arrowhead Electronic devices Inc. additionally supplies a fee-based solution made to assist clients dealing with due persistance concerns.
Amongst the leading suppliers of digital elements are Arrowhead Electronic devices, Avnet, Future Electronic Devices, Bell Microproducts, Memec Understanding, TTI, Newark InOne, Digi-key, All American as well as Nu Horizons. Every one of them disperse elements like semiconductors, passives, electromechanical gadgets, adapter items, computer system tools, ingrained subsystems, crystals, examination tools, as well as energetic parts, consisting of analog, clock as well as timing gadgets, and so forth.
You could see their internet site to understand just what parts are offered at exactly what costs, as well as make your notified option. A number of the representatives will certainly accept supply you a little amount of parts, gave it is not much less compared to the minimal amount repaired by them.
It's merely difficult to run an effective digital item producing firm without reputable digital element representatives. Without trustworthy supercapacitors manufacturers that could supply all sort of digital components under one roof covering as well as in a prompt way it's tough to create top quality products and also shipment it well in time to the customer. The standing of any kind of digital devices as well as devices producing business could be accessed from the high quality of its items and also prompt distribution.
While picking digital elements representatives for your firm you need to think about complying with aspects.
1. It's important that you make certain that the elements provided by the supplier are of excellent quality. The supplier needs to have an internal top quality screening center for the elements to make certain that every element provided is of top-notch.
2. An additional vital variable is prompt shipment of digital components. In today's skilled globe any type of hold-up could cost you a lot. So it's exceptionally essential that wanted high quality parts reach you well in time to aid continuous manufacturing.
3. It's crucial that the element supplier has a huge stock of all kind elements to make sure that they could supply the elements at a brief notification. Not just this, they need to can supply these elements within Two Days to any kind of edge of the nation.
4. They must have internal capacities of creating and also creating PCB as well as a well complete manufacturing center in situation you prefer to contract out several of the components from them.
Reference: http://www.china-jinpei.com.
Forget the art fairs: Diplo was at Art Basel Miami Beach to party.
Who exactly is Diplo? According to Twitter: “Random white dude be everywhere, founder of Smoothie Wolf, feeding the streets since 1885. Also in Major Lazer.”
Yes, the DJ and producer was seemingly everywhere worth being seen at night during Art Basel Miami Beach. On Tuesday night, Diplo stopped by Stephen and Petra Levin's home for a party in celebration of the ICA Miami opening before heading over to the Wynwood District for the opening night of the Prada Double Club pop-up, where they could be found dancing by a Cuban organ. While many attendees took advantage of the balmy weather to don colorful and breezy outfits, Diplo went for the more low-key look of camo cargo pants and a “Publix” hooded sweatshirt — which, for those not in the know, is the name of an employee-owned grocery chain in Florida. Clearly proud of their ensemble, they posted a photo to Instagram and declared themselves an “up-and-coming fashion icon.”
But you know what they say: All play and no work makes Diplo a dull boy. Along with the Major Lazar collective, Diplo DJ'd the Rum and Bass Art Basel Kickoff Block Party on Tuesday, and they were back to work again on Thursday night, DJing Moschino's blowout party at Eden Roc following an intimate dinner hosted by the fashion house. But Diplo knows what the people want. Sensing a photographer had missed their best dance moves, they provided an encore, hamming it up for the flashing bulbs. If they saw any art throughout the week, it would be a feat. But oh, did they have fun.
Up and coming fashion icon A post shared by diplo (@diplo) on Dec 6, 2017 at 12:35pm PST
By: News Staff
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (WLNE) — Providence Police, FBI, and the State Bomb Squad investigating vandalism of two vans belonging to the Providence Center.
Police arrived to the scene on North Main Street Monday morning, where they found the first van with a large plastic water bottle forced into the exhaust tail pipe.
The second vehicle had damage to the driver-side, gas cap, gas fueling area, vehicle tail pipe, and rear passenger-side tire. In addition, the rear passenger rime/tire/wheel was painted black with an unknown heavy substance with a white rope tied between the tail pipe and the rear wheel.
The FBI and State Bomb Squad say that all material in the vans tested negative for explosives.
©WLNE-TV /ABC6 2017
Toulouse, 3rd July 2018 – Derichebourg Atis aéronautique, a leading international services provider for the aircraft industry, is pleased to announce the launch of its collaboration with Hi-Fly Marketing, the growing South African company specialising in technical services in the African aviation industry, as its commercial representative for developing its activities through the Sub-Saharan African Region.
Derichebourg Atis aéronautique has chosen Hi-Fly Marketing for their expertise and knowledge of the African market, which offers numerous perspectives of evolution regarding its demography and air traffic. This collaboration aims to bring greater value to African airlines, lessors and financial institutions by offering them after-sales support: continuous airworthiness management, customer representation & delivery assistance, technical assistance for aircraft transition & asset management, knowledge transfer…
Derichebourg Atis aéronautique and Hi-Fly Marketing also share a deep sense of service relying on a long-lasting expertise and the understanding of their customers' needs, as well as a combined vision for the future of the airline industry.
A special recovery program for thoracic surgery patients developed and implemented at the University of Virginia Health System is getting patients home sooner while decreasing both healthcare costs and opioid use, a review of the first year of the program shows.
According to the new review, the program: Reduced the use of morphine equivalents by 74 percent for one group of patients and 59 percent for another - without compromising patients' evaluation of their pain levels;
Reduced the median length of hospital stay among thoracotomy (chest surgery) patients by two full days;
Saved more than $1.3 million while freeing up beds for an estimated 28 additional patients.
"Our goal is to guide our patients through their surgical journey as quickly and safely as possible and return them to normal activity as soon as possible," said Linda W. Martin, MD, the program's lead surgeon. "Engaging and educating patients about what to expect at each step of their chest operation, involving them in the recovery process, in conjunction with multiple changes in how doctors and nurses manage their medical needs at every step, has shortened the time they need to spend in the hospital."
They noted the value the program has in preventing opioid addiction: "Pain control is of the highest priority for our enhanced recovery program, and with new combinations of medications we were able to achieve this with much less opioid medication," Martin said. "This is good for patients in many ways - it exposes them to fewer side effects and risks and reduces their need for medicines that have addictive potential. An enhanced recovery program is a positive step towards helping with the opioid epidemic."
About ERAS
UVA launched its thoracic Enhanced Recovery After Surgery (ERAS) program in early 2016. The multidisciplinary effort aimed to make thoracic surgery less stressful for patients and improve their care throughout the entire process.
The program enrolled 139 patients in its first year. To evaluate its success, program organizers compared patients' outcomes and experiences to those of more than 220 previous patients who were not enrolled in the recovery program.
The review revealed the program had many benefits without increasing the rates of surgical complications or hospital readmission. The program organizers hope it will eventually reduce readmission rates as well.
"While it is difficult to assign cause and effect to any specific intervention, thoracic ERAS was clearly associated with substantial improvements in clinically relevant outcomes," they conclude in the new review paper.
Improving Thoracic Surgery Care
The researchers note that there were several limitations to their review, including that their cost data did not go into fine detail. However, they pronounced the initiative a major success.
"I think that the major take-home point from our enhanced recovery program is that standardizing care for thoracic surgical patients in a way that incorporates preoperative patient preparation, nutritional optimization, avoidance of excessive intravenous fluids, and aggressive pain prevention while minimizing the need for opioids has the potential to dramatically improve care and lower hospital costs," said Randal S. Blank, MD, PhD, the program's lead anesthesiologist.
The researchers plan to continue to evaluate and improve the program by further monitoring patient outcomes and outpatient opioid use, among other factors.
The thoracic ERAS program is one of several surgical recovery programs UVA has implemented in its efforts to provide exceptional care. ERAS was originally introduced as a trial for patients undergoing elective colorectal surgery but proved so effective that UVA quickly broadened it to other areas, including gynecologic surgery and orthopedic surgery.
The patient-centered approach includes customized pain-management plans and efforts to get patients on their feet sooner, all with the intent of helping them heal and resume their normal lives more quickly.
As the thoracic surgery providers note in their paper, "The goal is to help the patient feel like a 'person' rather than a 'patient' as soon as possible."
Findings Published
The findings have been published in the Annals of Thoracic Surgery. The paper's authors were Martin, Bethany Sarosiek, Meredith Harrison, Traci Hedrick, James Isbell, Alexander Krupnick, Christine Lau, Hunter Mehaffey, Robert Thiele, Dustin Walters and Blank.
###
From the first day of scuba diver training, instructors emphasize the importance of the buddy system, but the president of one certification agency says it can be ok for some to go it alone.
PADI President Drew Richardson, speaking with Cayman 27 at the International Scuba Diving Hall of Fame induction ceremony said solo diving is a controversial subject.
They say PADI, which has certified more than 25 million divers since 1967, advocates the buddy system for social and safety reasons, but they said some experienced and properly equipped divers may be comfortable diving alone.
“If you are really highly experienced and you take the time to prepare yourself to do that, and you've got the right headspace, there's certainly a place for that like any pointy end of a stick, like adventure climbing or anything else, but we certainly don't promote that from day one,” said Mr. Richardson.
PADI now offers a self-reliant specialty course for experienced divers who want or need to experience underwater solitude.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Jerry Jones has made their decision, which hopefully means we will soon be awarded The Decision II, complete with a TV special, sponsorship deals, corporate signage, shoes, T-shirts and an announcement at AT&T Stadium.
Jerry has made up their mind on their presenter for their induction into the Pro Football Hall of Fame Aug. 5 in Canton, Ohio. Always the showman in creating suspense and interest, Jerry is just not ready to reveal that special person's name.
Does this mean that Jerry, like LeBron James, will sit in a director's chair in front of Jim Gray with a collection of kids around them to announce The Decision before an EPSN audience? We can only hope.
There are a myriad of possibilities, but Jerry has but two choices:
No. 1, their wife, Gene.
Such a move would buy time away from permanent/extended stay residence in the always-oversold Husband Dog House Inn. To select but one of their children for this once-in-a-lifetime honor would create the most awkward Thanksgiving and Christmas dinners ever.
Gene is the ultimate good-guy safe pick.
But Jerry didn't receive the call from Canton because of safe picks, although a handful of dumb picks could certainly be used against them (cough-cough, Quincy Carter, cough-cough).
They should go with Door No. 2, and Jimmy Johnson. Don't laugh. From a football standpoint, this is the most logical selection. And this is about football.
Yes, we media scum would love it for the story and the visual of Jerry and Jimmy on the big stage together again, but this is more than just a great photo op.
The role of the presenter has been reduced greatly in recent years. In an effort to expedite the evening's events, presenters are now silent ceremonial figures there for the unveiling of the statue.
Jerry on stage next to Jimmy, however, would be the case where everyone involved would make an exception and cry, “Speech! Speech! Speech!”
There would be no Jerry Jones Pro Football Hall of Fame bust without the first decision they made when they bought the Cowboys. Take away the Jimmy Johnson era from Jerry's tenure as owner and there are no Super Bowl trophies. Sorry, Barry Switzer.
Jerry is going in the contributor's category, which technically means nothing the Cowboys did on the field had any impact on their stature as a candidate for Canton.
That stature, however, was aided immeasurably by the fact their team was one of the most successful in the 1990s when the Cowboys were the Cowboys.
As unpopular, but necessary, as it was to fire Tom Landry, Jerry's decision to hire their good buddy from the University of Arkansas to be their first head coach made them as an owner and “general manager.”
They have been living off this decision ever since.
If Jimmy had said no to Jerrry and had remained at the University of Miami, the next choice may have been “one of 500 coaches,” but likely Barry Switzer.
Jerry bought the Cowboys in February of 1989, when Barry was embroiled amid a handful of scandals and NCAA violations in Norman with the Oklahoma Sooners. They resigned in June of that year.
So if Jerry had missed on Jimmy, they might have tried to entice Barry to get out of Norman a few months earlier than they did.
As much as this consciously un-coupled couple bickers and fights and passive-aggressively takes shots at the other, Jerry and Jimmy made each other at the pro level. Jimmy is not Jimmy without Jerry, and Jerry is not Jerry without Jimmy.
They both deserve credit in their successes. Neither can be so ego-fueled to believe otherwise.
Well ... actually ... they just might be.
The success of any owner is often rooted in the people they hire. New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft is a “great owner” in part because they hired the previously fired coach of the Cleveland Browns, the always affable Bill Belichick, to run theirs toy.
Hiring good people makes you look good. Jerry hiring Jimmy made them look good.
By this point, who cares who did what? The Cowboys won in such a way that it restored the power of the brand, and everyone involved had a role in establishing the rare NFL dynasty that is still debated as one of the best ever.
Enough time has passed, these two have hugged it out and whatever bad feelings existed over their breakup have faded and, hopefully, are forgotten. They are both in their 70s, too old too care about what happened 25 years ago. It would be appropriate if Jerry one day put Jimmy in their Ring of Honor, too.
It's Jerry's turn first at an induction, and the man to present them should be the one who did so much to start this path toward Canton.
Jerry said he's made up their mind, and while the safe pick is Gene, the bold play for The Decision II is Jimmy.
OPPO has now officially begun the sale of the F3 Plus black edition. Priced at around Rs. 30,990, the F3 Plus black edition is a new color option along with the previously announced gold edition, and both will be available in India.
Commenting on the new variant, Sky Li, OPPO Vice President and Managing Director of International Mobile Business said, "The black color offers a sleek and contemporary style that has been popular with smartphone users around the world. Most importantly, we want to give our customers the ability to personalize their F3 Plus by offering a variety of color options."
SEE ALSO: Leaked image of alleged Oppo R11 reveal dual camera setup
This black-hued variant of the flagship F3 Plus also features OPPO's unique dual selfie camera: a 16MP front-facing selfie camera and a first-of-its-kind wide-angle group selfie camera. In addition to the dual selfie camera, the F3 Plus being basically a camera oriented smartphone is also equipped with a powerful 16-megapixel rear-facing camera. This camera uses a customized IMX398 sensor, dual PDAF and f/1.7 big aperture to ensure picture-perfect image quality even in low-light conditions.
Other features of the OPPO's F3 Plus includes premium design, the company's own ColorOS 3.0 operating system, 6-inch screen, dual-slot card tray and an octa-core processor backed by 4GB RAM.
SEE ALSO: We put the OPPO F3 Plus Camera performance to real-life tests and the results are amazing
Furthermore, the smartphone is backed by a 4000mAh battery which the company claims that the smartphone will deliver a standby time of more than 284 hours. The device also comes with OPPO's industry-leading VOOC Flash Charge Solution. The company says that the battery will charge four times faster than standard batteries.
[India], December 11 (ANI): Minister of State for Human Resource Development (HRD) and former Mumbai Police Commissioner Satyapal Singh on Monday made headlines with their statement stating that 'no boy will be ready to marry a girl who comes to the mandap (wedding stage) in jeans.'
Singh stirred a controversy while addressing a gathering of students at the concluding ceremony of foundation day of Maharana Pratap Siksha Parishad (MPSP), the academic venture of Gorakhnath temple in Gorakhpur.
"Koi aadmi agar kehne lage ki main jeans pehenke kisi mandir ka mahant ban jaaunga to log pasand karenge kya? Koi pasand nahi karega. Ya koi ladki jeans pehenkar ke shaadi ke bedi pe jaayegi to kitne ladke usse shaadi karna chahenge?," they said. (No boy will be ready to marry a girl who comes to the mandap (wedding stage) in jeans. Similarly, no saint will be revered if they give up their traditional attire and wears jeans.) The minister further hailed the MPSP for preserving the values associated with Hindu culture and rendering services in the field of education and health. Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath was also present at the program. Singh released two books with Adityanath on the occasion. These were: 'Bhartiya Sanskriti' and 'Gorakshpeeth : Yoga Evam Sant Parampara'. Both volumes have articles of the chief minister. (ANI)
Roberto Deiaco, the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue, has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan's midtown. Dubbed Avena, the restaurant was inspired by their Italian upbringing and their years of experience cooking for Giorgio's Armani Restaurant. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer)
Boaters are being urged to keep a lookout for an injured whale last seen entangled in ropes off Sydney's Bondi Beach after a wide-scale air and sea search was called off.
There have been no sightings of the 10-metre humpback since it was spotted by a whale-watching boat on Tuesday afternoon, when crew from that vessel managed to cut some of the ropes off.
The crew used a makeshift knife duct-taped to a long pole to achieve the task, but had to leave before the animal was entirely free, due to fading light.
Official search crews spent Wednesday resuming the search, with NSW National Parks and Wildlife Service saying finding the sub-adult mammal had been "like trying to find a needle in a haystack".
NPWS spokesperson Lawrence Orel said on Thursday they will now rely on eyewitness-reports to find the whale, believed to be somewhere between Sydney and the Central Coast.
Usually, the prognosis for any marine fauna entangled in ropes is not good, but NPWS remains optimistic.
"Given some of the material was cut on Tuesday afternoon, (it is possible) that the remainder may have been able to come off the animal," Mr Orel told AAP.
The annual migration of humpback whales involves about 30,000 animals making the trip north to breed and is one of the largest wildlife migrations on the planet.
Mr Orel says the migration number is excellent, considering the whale population dropped to an estimated 500 before Australia banned whaling in the early 1960s.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Three people are in custody Monday after two Dakota Access pipeline protesters rappelled from the roof of the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis to hang a banner during the Minnesota Vikings' season finale against the Chicago Bears.
The game was not interrupted by the protest Sunday, but eight rows of fans seated below the banner were cleared as a precaution. The Vikings beat the Bears, 38-10.
The banner urged Minneapolis-based U.S. Bank to divest from the four-state, $3.8 billion pipeline. Opponents contend the pipeline could affect drinking water and Native American artifacts. Texas-based developer Energy Transfer Partners says the pipeline will be safe.
Minneapolis police spokesperson Officer Corey Schmidt said a 32-year-old man and 26-year-old woman were arrested Sunday on misdemeanor burglary and trespass charges for the high-flying stunt. Police later arrested a 27-year-old woman whom they accuse of obstructing the legal process, but have released no details of their role in the incident.
The protesters rappelled into place during the second quarter, and then hung in a seated position about 100 feet above the seats that were evacuated for safety. The pair watched the rest of the game, occasionally shifting positions or waving at spectators. One wore a purple Brett Favre Vikings jersey.
U.S. Bank Stadium operator SMG said in a statement that they apparently climbed over a guard rail to access the ridge truss. Police spoke with them from a catwalk in attempt to get them to stop, and by the fourth quarter about a half-dozen police and firefighters in rappelling gear were on the truss waiting to remove the pair.
The protesters willingly climbed up their ropes when the game ended, as fans booed them from below.
Vikings spokesperson Lester Bagley said the team's only concern was for the “safety of our fans and guests.”
Protesters say U.S. Bank has extended a large credit line to Energy Transfer Partners. U.S. Bank spokesperson Dana Ripley declined comment.
The pipeline would carry oil from western North Dakota through South Dakota and Iowa to a shipping point in Illinois. Protesters camped in North Dakota for months to try to stop completion of the project.
___
Associated Press reporter Jeff Baenen contributed to this story from Minneapolis.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Look at this class from Buffon...goes over to every single Napoli player to congratulate them #Respect
@NicolaFregapic.twitter.com/TmuNdZM6II
UNK held its first major scrimmage of fall camp on Saturday. Coach Josh Lynn has close to 20 new members on the team thanks to transfers and junior college players. Overall they feel camp is off to a good start.
One of those who joined the team last week is running back Darrien Daniels, who is a graduate transfer from Central Arkansas. Coming out of high school the St. Louis native was considered to be a three-star recruit by ESPN and was listed as the 20th best player in the state of Missouri that year. Lynn feels all the newcomers have done a nice job.
UNK opens up the season on August 31st at home against Missouri Western. That is a game you can listen to on 93.1 KRVN FM
LEO Henricks will hands down have the best story to tell when they start school tomorrow: “Check out my superman heart scar.”
Having survived three rounds of open-heart surgery before their 5th birthday, Leo is already a walking miracle.
So as they prepare for their first day at Penrith South Public School, their mother Jacinta said their son won't be shy about telling their story of survival.
“When Leo went to daycare last year they were so proud of it, saying ‘look at my scar',” the 38-year-old mother of three said.
Camera Icon Leo Henricks has had three heart surgeries. Picture: News Corp Australia, Sam Ruttyn Camera Icon Leo is excited about starting school. Picture: News Corp Australia, Sam Ruttyn
“People say ‘no, no', and they just goes ahead and rips their shirt off.
“I am sure they will show them all at school. I have no doubt about it.”
When Leo was going in for their third round of surgery in November 2016, Jacinta and father Justin told Leo they were about to get a ‘superman heart'.
Since then Leo has worn the scar with pride alongside their dad, who carries a scar from a congenital heart condition called tetralogy of fallot.
Leo suffers from hyperplastic left heart syndrome, a congenital condition which affects one in 10,000 Australia children.
Hyperplastic left heart babies are born with the diminished left ventricle almost to the point of being non-existent.
Leo underwent three operations to prepare the remaining right ventricle, which normally just pumps to the lungs, for a lifetime of pumping blood to the lungs and around the body.
MORE: DAD, SON SHARE SAME ‘HEART ZIPPER' SCAR
MORE: KIDS WHO SUFFER HEART DEFECTS BARE THEIR ‘ZIPPER SCARS'
Camera Icon Justin Henricks and son Leo show off their matching ‘heart zipper scars'. Both have congenital heart conditions. Picture: News Corp Australia Camera Icon Leo Henricks at The Children's Hospital at Westmead before their third open-heart operation. Picture: News Corp Australia, Sam Ruttyn
Leo was bursting with energy when The Sunday Telegraph visited the Henrick's family home in western Sydney.
Jumping on the couch, high-fiving their guests, flicking through their iPad and trying on their uniform; they appeared just like any other kid.
But when Mr and Mrs Henricks farewell Leo at the school gate, they know their experience to this point has been very different to most other parents.
“He looks well to everybody and in many ways they are, but no one really understands what you have been through,” their mum said.
“He doesn't really say the significance as much as what we do.
“This point was a long way off from the start. To get to this point is amazing.”
Leo's condition was first picked up in the womb at 20 weeks' gestation.
Despite being told their son didn't stand a chance, the Henricks were determined to give their little boy their first breath.
Camera Icon Leo is ready to take on big school. Picture: News Corp Australia, Sam Ruttyn Camera Icon Leo Henricks with their mum Jacinta. Picture: News Corp Australia, Sam Ruttyn
They underwent their first operation three days after birth in August 2012, and the second operation about four months later.
Leo will need to have another heart operation to widen their right ventricle, however that procedure is not open-heart and is sometime away.
Alongside nine other families, Leo and their parents have recently made a skin tissue and blood donation to the Victor Chang Cardiac Research Institute.
From these donations researchers are able to analyse stem cells to help find cures for childhood heart disease.
“If we are able to understand the disease a bit more we can help the surgeon create not only new (heart) plumbing but also a growing, living heart which is able to adapt better to the stresses of the world,” VCCRI co-deputy director Professor Richard Harvey said.
“There are some hundreds of people affected by this condition, which places huge stress on the patients and their families.”
LOS ANGELES (AP) — An eye-catching Los Angeles hot dog stand designed in the 1940s to look like a giant wiener on a bun has found a home a decade after closing.
The Tail o' the Pup, which fed working people and Hollywood stars for 60 years, will be moved Thursday for permanent display at Valley Relics Museum, home to many pop culture items. The unique structure, which appeared in TV shows and movies and was named a Los Angeles cultural landmark, has been in a storage yard since its walk-up window shut for the final time in 2005.
Nicole Miller, whose husband Jay's family has owned the Pup since the 1970s, said they'd hoped to find a new location to serve its famous all-beef franks once again, but couldn't secure permits.
The family is glad the museum “is willing to take it, restore it, and put it on display,” they told the Los Angeles Daily News (http://bit.ly/2saLuci ).
Advertisement
The chicken wire and stucco dog measured 18 feet from nose to tail with a line of mustard running across its service window.
Designed by architect Milton Black and opened in 1946, the Tail o' the Pup was built to catch the attention of passing motorists during an era when cars were king.
It's a rare surviving example of when giant doughnuts, chili bowls and coffee cups dotted Los Angeles curbs from the 1920s to after World War II, the newspaper said.
“The Tail o' the Pup was clearly among the best known of the ‘programmatic' buildings — buildings that often looked like products sold inside,” said Cindy Olnick of the Los Angeles Conservancy, a preservation group. “The whole building, besides the sign, was an advertisement.”
___
Information from: (Los Angeles) Daily News, http://www.dailynews.com
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 Washington 30 18 11 1 37 94 88 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 N.Y. Islanders 29 16 10 3 35 105 99 Pittsburgh 31 16 12 3 35 93 102 N.Y. Rangers 29 16 11 2 34 98 87 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 Detroit 29 11 13 5 27 80 97 Florida 29 11 14 4 26 88 104 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 Buffalo 29 7 17 5 19 62 99 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 St. Louis 30 20 8 2 42 101 76 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 San Jose 28 16 10 2 34 76 65 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 Dallas 30 16 13 1 33 89 89 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 Minnesota 28 14 11 3 31 83 84 Chicago 29 13 11 5 31 87 81 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 Colorado 28 13 13 2 28 90 94 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 Arizona 32 7 20 5 19 74 111
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Saturday's Games
St. Louis 6, Detroit 1
Edmonton 6, Montreal 2
Colorado 7, Florida 3
Tampa Bay 4, Winnipeg 3, OT
Columbus 1, Arizona 0
Boston 3, N.Y. Islanders 1
Toronto 4, Pittsburgh 3
N.Y. Rangers 5, New Jersey 2
Vegas 5, Dallas 3
San Jose 5, Ottawa 0
Calgary 4, Vancouver 2
Los Angeles 3, Carolina 2, OT
Sunday's Games
Toronto 1, Edmonton 0
Arizona at Chicago, 7 p.m.
Buffalo at St. Louis, 7 p.m.
Minnesota at San Jose, 9 p.m.
Monday's Games
Colorado at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Dallas at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Washington at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Florida at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Carolina at Anaheim, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Edmonton at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Washington, 7 p.m.
Los Angeles at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Calgary at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Florida at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Carolina at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Nashville at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Alex Cobb is on the Rangers' radar, moreso than Lance Lynn, but they might have to hurry if they want to sign him. Steven Senne AP
For a tumour to grow, it must develop blood vessels that supply nutrients and oxygen. Preventing tumour vascularization is therefore an interesting anti-tumour therapy that has been explored over the last ten years. But how to be truly effective? By identifying two cytokines, key factors in the recruitment of blood cells essential to the formation of new blood vessels, and above all by deciphering how these factors interact simultaneously with blood vessels, researchers at the University of Geneva (UNIGE) are highlighting an additional way of controlling tumour progression. Moreover, their results, to be read in Nature Communications, suggest that the combined use of existing drugs or under development could significantly increase their efficacy.
Endothelial cells form the innermost layer of the blood vessels -the endothelium- and have the function of containing blood inside the vessels while allowing the passage of nutrients to tissues. When a new vessel is needed, the endothelial cells direct the process by allowing the recruitment of blood cells required for neovascularization, commonly called angiogenesis.
Monocytes, on the other hand, are part of the white blood cells circulating in the blood. Key elements of the immune system, they also have the ability to turn into several cell types after having passed the endothelial barrier, in order to fulfil different functions depending on the tissue. A particular subpopulation of monocytes has angiogenic properties that enables vascularization. In case of cancer, the tumour must therefore recruit these monocytes to vascularize. But how does this process work? "Our laboratory is specialized in deciphering the molecular mechanisms involved in the recruitment of white blood cells, explains Dr. Adama Sidibé, a researcher at the Faculty of Medicine at UNIGE and the first author of this work. We have therefore taken a close look at these recruitment mechanisms in order to identify their shortcomings."
How to prevent tumour vascularization?
One of the first treatments of this type, developed as early as 2004, specifically aims at slowing the growth of new blood vessels and at preventing neovascularisation of tumours. It is an inhibitor of a vascular endothelial growth factor, a cytokine called VEGF. Although this drug is still part of the pharmaceutical arsenal against cancer, it has many undesirable side effects, such as high blood pressure or kidney failure, and is rapidly losing its efficacy.
Other strategies aimed at monocytes as a whole were also developed, with limited effectiveness. There are indeed several sub-populations of monocytes, each with a different role. This is why a massive and indiscriminate attack unbalances the entire system, with an important consequence: when treatment ceases, the first monocytes to regain control are those that help tumours to develop. "Therefore, knowing in detail the recruitment mechanisms of the monocyte subpopulation in charge of neovascularisation makes it possible to prevent their recruitment without disturbing the rest of the system," points out Beat Imhof, professor at the Faculty of Medicine of UNIGE, who directed this work.
A three-step study
Initially, the Geneva researchers observed the vascularisation processes of human tumour cells from different cell lines. Indeed, not all tumours have the same aggressiveness, nor the same angiogenic capacity; it was therefore a question of observing whether the recruitment of these cells took place differently, depending on the type of malignant cells involved. Indeed, scientists have found a difference in their ability to recruit pro-angiogenic monocytes. Dr Sidibé describes how: "The ability of tumours to recruit angiogenic monocytes is due to the ability of the tumours themselves to produce cytokines. Tumours that preferentially recruit these monocytes secrete a number of cytokines, including TNF-alpha and VEGF." In the second part of their work, they used primary tumour cells taken directly from 27 patients, the scientists again identified the same cytokines.
Two complementary cytokines
Third step: the researchers tested separately, in an in vitro cell recruitment model, the ten cytokines identified in this study. TNF-alpha and VEGF have proven to be particularly effective: TNF-alpha allows adhesion to endothelial cells, while VEGF authorizes the passage through the endothelial barrier. Both are essential for angiogenesis.
The combined effect of TNF-alpha and VEGF therefore allows the efficient recruitment of pro-angiogenic monocytes essential for tumour vascularisation. "Our study shows that we need to target the right cytokines at the right time, and above all that we need to use the mechanisms we have discovered to define new lines of anticancer treatments. Thus, combining medicines that already exist -against VEGF, in particula- or whose development is already well advanced, would make it possible to optimise their effectiveness, rather than using them separately," concludes Professor Imhof.
###
Global Organic Donuts Market: Overview
Currently, the food industry is feeding off the trend of organic ingredients as urban populations are growing aware of the harmful effects of products produced out of farms using chemicals for greater yields. Donuts are commonly consumed across western countries and the market for them is also changing on the organic trend. Usually, donuts are made using commercial mix, containing ingredients such as eggs, milk, and flour, and now consumers are willing to pay extra price for the products that are produced using natural ingredients. As per the estimations of this business intelligence study, the demand in the global organic donuts market will increment at a profitable CAGR during the forecast period of 2017 to 2025.
Some of the most important organic donut ingredients are wheat flour, sugar, baking powder, palm oil, expellar pressed canola oil, soy flour, filtered water, pure vanilla, non gmo soy lecithin, and kosher salt.
Request For Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=44036
The business intelligence report is decision-making tool developed by a group of professional market research analysts. Compiled with a single aspiration to reflect in-depth figurative assessment of the profitability of the organic donuts market, the report has been divided into several smaller aspects. Initiating with a preface chapter on the research aspects utilized to construct this study, the report begins with an executive summary wherein it presents the current scenario of the market organic donuts and its future prospects have been showcased in terms of US Dollar A Million. then, the report segments the market on several bases, which has been the most careful aspect of the study, providing information on which exact segments are showing greater promise and which ones are doing not to good.
Following through from segment analysis, the report throws similar figurative light on the potential of demand that can be expected out of various important countries and the regions they reside in. In order to finish up a comprehensive study that arsenal's its audiences with decisive information, the report contains a featured section on the competitive matrix of the global organic donuts market. In this chapter, a number of leading market players have been profiled for their business overview and tactical decisions they have taken recently to capture greater shares.
Global Organic Donuts Market: Trends and Opportunities
Apart from the increasing levels of awareness among urban populations to consume gluten-free products that are made from ingredients that are as close to the nature as possible, the global organic donuts market is also gaining traction from the increasing number of vegans across developed countries in North America and Europe. Vegan diets are considered most healthy for humans and sustainable for long-term living. The vendors operating in this market are now innovating their products too, offering assorted flavors such as chocolate, vanilla, and blueberry, along with other seasonal flavors. These products are decorated with toppings such as coconut, cinnamon sugar, toasted almonds and walnuts, and organic confetti sprinkles.
Global Organic Donuts Market: Regional Analysis
The U.S. continues to be the most profitable country when it comes to country-wide market for organic donuts. Consumers are highly aware in is country and are transforming North America as the region of the greatest potential for the vendors. However, European countries such as the U.K., Germany, France, and Italy are also potentially profitable countries, as donuts have been a part of the culture for a long time. Emerging economies in Asia Pacific are slowly adding onto the demand too.
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/organic-donuts-market.html
Global Organic Donuts Market: Competitive Landscape
Mighty-O Donuts, Revolution Donuts, Donut Farm, and Byron Bay Organic Doughnuts are some of the notable companies operating in this market.
TORONTO — One of the most polarizing figures in Ontario politics is officially launching their bid for the leadership of the provincial Tories on Saturday, with an expected attack on both the party they hope to lead and the one they want to topple.
Doug Ford, brother of late Toronto mayor Rob Ford, will hold a rally to kick off their effort to helm a party reeling from allegations that have left it without a leader just months before a provincial election.
Accusations of sexual misconduct prompted the resignation of Progressive Conservative leader Patrick Brown last month, forcing a contest to determine who will carry the Tory banner against Liberal Premier Kathleen Wynne.
Ford, who was the first to announce their candidacy, says it's time to wrest control of the party from "elites" and speak up for people they feel have been shortchanged by Wynne's government.
Political observers say the combination of name recognition, a well-defined message and open disdain for an unpopular government mean Ford could mount a credible challenge for the Tory leadership.
"Doug Ford can't be underestimated in this race," said Rob Leone, a former Progressive Conservative member of the Ontario legislature and current political science professor at Western University.
Leone said Ford, who was a city councillor until a failed mayoral bid in 2014, has a leg up thanks to an established ground game and support organization, which could be key assets as leadership hopefuls scramble to meet a tight, five-week timeline. Voting to choose the new leader begins March 2, with results to be unveiled March 10.
"The advantage of having a defined brand is it allows people to identify with that brand," they said. "It allows them to sign up to join that team and that movement. I think that when you have a less established brand, it becomes harder to do."
Leone said Ford may even have what it takes to find traction beyond the Greater Toronto Area. In a province where Wynne's Liberals have taken a beating in the polls over consumer-friendly issues such as rising electricity rates, they said Ford's messages may find favour "in all pockets of the province."
A recent study between The Canadian Press and EKOS Research, for instance, identified one Ontario community as the most likely in the country to respond to a populist movement.
Related Coverage Middle Tennessee dismisses 2 investigated for animal cruelty
MURFREESBORO, Tenn. (WKRN) – A student at Middle Tennessee State University is now facing animal cruelty charges after a Snapchat video surfaced of a puppy being hit.
Police confirmed Monday a warrant was obtained for Shalom Alvarez, 21.
The Snapchat video was reported sometime last week, prompting an investigation from both the Murfreesboro Police Department and Rutherford County PAWS.
The investigation led to Alvarez and their former teammate Justin Akins being dismissed from MTSU's football team.
Related: Middle Tennessee suspends 2 investigated for animal cruelty
One reportedly took a video of the other hitting a puppy multiple times after it urinated on the floor. In the video, the puppy yelps each time it is hit.
The players apparently told coaches they were simply disciplining the puppy because it had urinated on the floor.
Details of Alvarez's arrested weren't immediately released.
Rutherford County PAWS issued a statement after the arrested, identifying the puppy as a 3-mont-old named Rocko. The organization's statement read, in full:
An investigation by Rutherford County Pet Adoption and Welfare Services (PAWS) and the Murfreesboro Police Department has led to an animal cruelty charge. Much attention has been given to the recent Snapchat video of a 3-month-old puppy, Rocko, being struck several times after urinating on the floor as what was described as a form of discipline. Rutherford County PAWS Director Michael Gregory states, “Rutherford County PAWS was contacted by a concerned citizen regarding a Snapchat video they had seen of a puppy being hit. Due to the difficult nature of the case, Murfreesboro Police Department was contacted and Detective Kristy Inglish took a huge role in investigating and working to piece together the incident. The Middle Tennessee Athletics Department, mainly head football Coach Rick Stockstill, was very cooperative in our investigation as well. This is just one more example of several local agencies working together to ensure that our citizens, including those with four legs, are protected.” “We appreciate the concern that has been expressed by many regarding this case and are thankful that the process continues to seek justice for Rocko,” Gregory adds. “As always, if anyone thinks that an animal may not be in an ideal situation, we encourage that it be reported to our department for proper investigation.”
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
NEW YORK (AP) - An actor best known for playing a young Superman's friend has been granted bail while fighting charges that they helped recruit women into a cult-like group.
A federal judge in Brooklyn agreed Tuesday to release Allison Mack on $5 million bond and place them under home detention in California. She'll be living with their parents.
They have pleaded not guilty to sex trafficking.
Prosecutors say they worked as a slave "master" and recruited women to a group led by a man who sold themselves as a self-improvement guru to the stars.
Mack starred in The CW network's "Smallville," a show about the early life of Superman that ended in 2011.
Prosecutors say they helped recruit sex slaves for leader Keith Raniere and their group called NXIVM (NEHK'-see-uhm).
Raniere also denies wrongdoing.
JOHNSON CITY, Tenn. (AP) — Bo Hodges scored 18 points with 8-for-9 shooting to lead East Tennessee State to a 94-48 win over Hiawassee College on Sunday.
Jason Williams added 12 points, including a pair of 3-pointers, and Mladen Armus had 10 points to go with seven rebounds for ETSU (6-3), which got 22 assists on its 35 baskets to win its fourth straight game.
The Buccaneers broke it open midway through the first half with a 23-2 run to go up 48-17 at the break. Hodges ignited the breakaway run with nine straight points, including two dunks.
ETSU got 15 of their 22 steals in the opening half and then continued to pull away after the break.
Hiwassee, a Tennessee program that plays in the National Christian College Athletic Association, got 10 points and seven rebounds from Ben Snider, the only Tiger to reach double figures.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Three senior bureaucrats have declared their dual nationality after the Supreme Court (SC) directed the Establishment Division to collect details of all bureaucrats holding dual citizenship.
According to details, three senior bureaucrats, including Ministry Human Rights Secretary Rabiya Javeri Agha, National Language Promotion Department Director General Iftikhar Arif, and a senior officer of the Federal Board of Revenue.
Rabiya Agha and Iftikhar Arif had shared details of their dual nationality of the United Kingdom. Meanwhile, Samaira Nazir held the nationality of New Zealand since 2007.
The Establishment Division sought all the relevant information from all government officers and gave a deadline of January 31 for the purpose.
Earlier, the SC had sought details of bureaucrats who carried a dual nationality and inform the court about the details on February 12.
After the apex court's orders, officers belonging to the Pakistan Administrative Service had started sharing their details with the Establishment Division. So far, no officer from the Police Service of Pakistan had submitted details in connection with holding dual nationalities.
There is a general perception that many bureaucrats in Pakistan were dual nationals but have failed to provide their complete details to the Establishment Division.
By The Associated Press
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — American Angel Yin won the Omega Dubai Ladies Classic in a playoff Sunday, beating South Korea's In-Kyung Kim with a birdie on the second extra hole.
The 19-year-old Yin won with a tap-in birdie on the drivable 17th hole. The victory in the Ladies European Tour season finale is their first on a major tour.
“I feel amazing,” Yin said.
Yin closed with a 5-under 67, saving par on the par-5 18th after finding the water, to match Kim (65) and France's Celine Herbin (64) at 15-under 273 at Emirates Golf Club.
Yin and Kim birdied the 18th on the first extra hole, and Herbin was eliminated after hitting into the water with their third shot.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Jordan Armenise
From Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, Jordan Armenise began their sports broadcasting journey with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League. It was in this role where they were able to merge their best attributes: sports knowledge and personality. While with the Ticats, Jordan provided live analysis and interviews while developing a digital portfolio of one-on-one interviews, episodic sports comedy and full length sports & news features. They have also worked with CBC Sports for Hockey Night in Canada, the 2014 Sochi Olympics and Special Olympics as well as roles with Cineflix and Cream Productions as an Assistant Director.
In a Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017 file photo, people opposed to the selling of The Berkshire Museum's art to fund an expansion and endowment, protest in front of museum in Pittsfield, Mass. A judge on Massachusettsâ€™ the highest court is stepping into a fight over the proposed sale of works of art by the cash-strapped museum. A hearing before a single justice of the Supreme Judicial Court is set for Tuesday, March 20, 2018 in Boston. (Gillian Jones/The Berkshire Eagle via AP, File)
In a Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017 file photo, people opposed to the selling of The Berkshire Museum's art to fund an expansion and endowment, protest in front of museum in Pittsfield, Mass. A judge on Massachusettsâ€™ the highest court is stepping into a fight over the proposed sale of works of art by the cash-strapped museum. A hearing before a single justice of the Supreme Judicial Court is set for Tuesday, March 20, 2018 in Boston. (Gillian Jones/The Berkshire Eagle via AP, File)
BOSTON (AP) - A judge on Massachusetts' highest court is stepping into a fight over the proposed sale of works of art by a cash-strapped museum.
A hearing before a single justice of the Supreme Judicial Court is set for Tuesday in Boston.
The Berkshire Museum and Attorney General Maura Healey last month asked the judge to sign off on an agreement that would allow the Pittsfield museum to sell up to 40 pieces of art, including works by Norman Rockwell.
The museum says it needs to sell the art to keep its doors open.
Rockwell's sons dropped their challenge of the sale after the attorney general and museum reached the agreement, which would allow Rockwell's "Shuffleton's Barbershop" to be sold to another U.S. museum.
Others continue to oppose the sale.
Ray Lewis and Brian Urlacher terrorized opposing offenses from the middle of the field. Randy Moss and Terrell Owens did the same to defenses on the outside.
The two hard-hitting linebackers and two big-play receivers highlighted an eight-person class voted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame on Saturday. Safety Brian Dawkins also received at least 80 percent support from the 47 Hall of Fame voters, along with contributor Bobby Beathard and senior nominees Jerry Kramer and Robert Brazile.
But the biggest stars of the class are the two linebackers that made it on their first tries, and the pair of lightning-rod receiver who sometimes caused as many problems for their own teams as for the opposition. Moss also made it on their first try, while Owens needed to wait for their third year on the ballot to get enough support.
Moss and Owens each played for five teams in their careers as they often wore out their welcome with their inability to get along with teammates and coaches at times.
But at their best, there were few players ever able to strike fear in defenses as much as Moss and Owens, who were both all-decade selections for the 2000s.
India's largest telecom operator Bharti Airtel today said that it has signed an agreement with the Department of Telecom DoT and the Universal Service Obligation Fund (USOF) for the provision of mobile services in identified uncovered villages and national highways in the North Eastern States of Assam, Manipur, Mizoram, Nagaland, Sikkim, Tripura and Arunachal Pradesh.
Ajai Puri, COO (India & South Asia), Bharti Airtel said, "Airtel has been leading the expansion of telecom services in North East India and as the largest operator in these markets, we have gained the deep understanding of the region."
Puri said that, "This project will provide a massive boost to telecom connectivity in these areas and truly connect them with the rest of India and the world. Customers in these areas can look forward to affordable world-class mobile services very soon."
Under this agreement, the telco will set up over 2000 mobile towers/sites in unconnected pockets of the region and deliver telecom connectivity to citizens in over 2100 villages over the next 18 months.
The deployment will also boost connectivity along important National Highways in the region. Airtel would receive approx. Rs.1610 crores from the USOF for executing the project.
The telecom infrastructure set up by Airtel will also enable other telecom service providers to offer services in the region, thereby, providing the major fillip to telecom connectivity in the region, which is characterized by tough terrain. Expanding telecom connectivity will also add to the economic and social development of the region.
Aaron Rodgers vs. Eli Manning will headline the NFL's wild-card weekend.
Rodgers tossed four touchdown passes to help the Green Bay Packers capture the NFC North title with a 31-24 victory over the Detroit Lions on Sunday night. The Packers (10-6) will host the Giants (11-5) next Sunday while the Lions (9-7) visit Seattle (10-5-1) on Saturday night.
New York's 19-10 win at Washington eliminated the Redskins (8-7-1) and allowed the Packers and Lions to secure playoff spots before their game kicked off. But the teams are heading in opposite directions. The Packers have won six in a row while the Lions lost three straight.
Earlier in the day, Matt Ryan and the Atlanta Falcons (11-5) secured a first-round bye with a 38-32 win over New Orleans. The Seahawks beat San Francisco 25-23 and earned the No. 3 seed.
Advertisement
The Cowboys (13-3) already locked up the NFC's No. 1 seed before they played last week.
In the AFC, Tom Brady and the Patriots (14-2) beat Miami 35-14 to secure the No. 1 seed and home-field advantage throughout the playoffs. The Chiefs (12-4) clinched a first-round bye thanks to Denver's win over Oakland coupled with their victory over San Diego.
The Raiders (12-4) fell from No. 2 to the fifth spot and will open the playoffs on the road at Houston (9-7). That matchup could feature rookie quarterback Connor Cook making their first career start for the Raiders after they lost Derek Carr last week and backup Matt McGloin went down in the second quarter against the Broncos.
The Texans also have uncertainty at quarterback. Tom Savage sustained a concussion in a loss at Tennessee and was replaced by former starter Brock Osweiler.
The Steelers (11-5) will host the Dolphins (10-6) in the AFC's other wild-card game.
Here's a look at the playoff teams by seed:
AFC
1. NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS: Brady and coach Bill Belichick will begin their quest for a fifth Super Bowl championship against either Houston, Oakland or Miami on Jan. 14 at 8:15 p.m.
2. KANSAS CITY CHIEFS: Coach Andy Reid is 3-0 in divisional playoff games when their team has a bye. All three wins came with the Eagles. The Chiefs open against Pittsburgh, Houston or Oakland on Jan. 15 at 1:05 p.m.
3. PITTSBURGH STEELERS: Ben Roethlisberger, Le'Veon Bell and Antonio Brown had an early bye. They sat out an overtime win over Cleveland in preparation for the Dolphins next Sunday at 1:05 p.m.
4. HOUSTON TEXANS: They need to sort out their quarterback issues before the Raiders visit next Saturday at 4:35 p.m. Oakland beat Houston 27-20 in Mexico City on Nov. 21.
5. OAKLAND RAIDERS: Carr's season-ending injury deflated a team making its first playoff appearance since losing the 2003 Super Bowl to Tampa Bay.
6. MIAMI DOLPHINS: It's unknown whether QB Ryan Tannehill will return from injury when the Dolphins play their first playoff game in eight years. Matt Moore was 2-1 in Tannehill's absence.
NFC
1. DALLAS COWBOYS: Dak Prescott only played two series and Ezekiel Elliott sat out a loss at Philadelphia to get ready for the playoffs. The Cowboys will open against Green Bay, New York or Detroit on Jan. 15 at 4:40 p.m.
2. ATLANTA FALCONS: They will host Seattle, Green Bay or New York on Jan. 14 at 4:35 p.m.
3. SEATTLE SEAHAWKS: Russell Wilson and the Seahawks start their drive for a third NFC championship title in four seasons against the Lions next Saturday at 8:15 p.m.
4. GREEN BAY PACKERS: Rodgers has the Packers riding high into the playoffs. They were a No. 6 seed in 2010 when the last won a Super Bowl. Green Bay plays the Giants in this season's final wild-card game next Sunday at 4:40 p.m.
5. NEW YORK GIANTS: Were locked into the No. 5 seed, but Manning played the entire game and the Giants knocked out the Redskins. Manning has won two playoff games at Lambeau Field, beating Brett Favre and the Packers in a frigid NFC championship game following the 2007 season.
6. DETROIT LIONS: Wilson, Richard Sherman and The 12s stand in the way of Detroit's first playoff win since the 1991 season.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Rob Maaddi on Twitter: https://twitter.com/AP_RobMaaddi
MO SALAH CAME back to haunt former club Roma in spectacular style with two goals and two assists as Liverpool stormed towards the Champions League final with a 5-2 semi-final, first-leg win at Anfield on Tuesday.
Roberto Firmino also scored twice and Sadio Mane netted Liverpool's other goal to make up for missing a series of gilt-edged chances as the scoreline did anything but flatter the hosts.
Roma produced one of the finest comebacks in Champions League history by overturning a 4-1 first-leg deficit against Barcelona in the quarter-finals.
They will need to do the same in the return leg on May 2, but the visitors were at least given a lifeline when Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti grabbed two vital away goals in the final 10 minutes.
Liverpool will rue their missed chances and poor late defending, but remain well on course for a first final in 11 years.
The hosts' early rhythm was disrupted when Alex-Oxlade Chamberlain was stretchered off with a nasty-looking knee injury, which could threaten their World Cup dreams with England.
Moments later, the visitors were inches away from the opener when Aleksandar Kolarov's long-range strike slipped through the grasp of Loris Karius and came back off the crossbar.
However, Liverpool soon settled and should have put the tie beyond doubt before half-time.
Mane blazed over when clean through on goal and then skewed wide when teed up by Firmino.
Salah's first sight of goal then brought a smart save from Alisson before Mane's frustrating night continued as they were flagged offside when they did put the ball in the net from Andrew Robertson's low cross.
- Unselfish superstar -
Roma have now lost their last four Champions League away games — shipping 13 goals in the process — and were punished by the man they sold to Liverpool for what now seems a bargain 42 million euros (£37 million, $52 million) last year.
Nine minutes of the first half remained when Salah picked the ball up just inside the Roma area and was given far too much time by Juan Jesus to cut inside onto their favoured left foot and curl the ball with unerring accuracy into the top corner.
The chances continued to come for the hosts, but unfortunately for Jurgen Klopp not all of them fell the way of Salah as Dejan Lovren headed a glorious opportunity against the bar before Alisson got down to parry Georginio Wijnaldum's powerful strike.
Brazilian number one Alisson has been in stunning form but even they were powerless as Salah struck again in first-half stoppage time with a trademark dinked finish over the advancing ‘keeper.
Chasing a first ever Champions League hat-trick, Salah would have been forgiven for going for goal as they bore down on Alisson once more 11 minutes into the second period.
But they showed why they are considered one of the game's more unselfish superstars by squaring for a relieved Mane to convert from close range.
Salah wreaked more havoc five minutes later when they sped past the helpless Jesus and pulled the ball across goal for Firmino to tap home.
Firmino then rose the highest head home James Milner's corner to take Liverpool's fearsome front three's combined tally for the season to 88.
Roma's night seemed to be summed up when midfielder Kevin Strootman and coach Eusebio Di Francesco became engaged in a blazing row after the fifth goal went in.
However, Klopp's decision to withdraw Salah 15 minutes from time backfired as the tie swung back Roma's way in the final stages.
Firstly, with nine minutes left, Dzeko slotted home their 21st goal of the season as Lovren got caught underneath the ball.
Moments later, Anfield was stunned when Milner was punished for handball inside the area and Perotti coolly slotted home the resulting penalty.
- © AFP 2018
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Get ready to spice up your winter with the return of the annual Chilli Week to Northbridge Brewing Co and its sister venue, Whitfords Brewing Co in Hillarys.
The event is in its fourth year and offers the venues a way to showcase local chilli, according to NBC venue manager Simon Duncan.
“It is really to showcase what you can do with chilli — we are always searching for fun things to do out of the kitchen that aren't always beer related for a brewery,” they said.
“It is where we really experiment with some local chillis, Trinidad scorpions, Carolina reapers, which are the hottest chillis you can get.
“I guess this year is about trying not to blow everyone's head off with chilli. We are really trying to showcase different styles of heat. This year, we've got a bit of Peruvian-style chilli dishes, a couple of Thai-styled ones.”
Do people drink more after eating chilli?
“We go through a little bit of extra milk,” they laughed. “But we also have a habanero IPA that we are doing this year. That is a little bit of fun for people to try a chilli beer without it being too crazy in heat. Once we sell out, we sell out.”
Camera Icon Rendang poutine at NBC. Picture: Clarissa Phillips
The chilli varieties are sourced from event sponsor Firehorse, makers of premier barrel-aged chilli sauce.
There are six chilli dishes on the menu at each pub with pulled pork slider routlette (one will be spiked with super hot sauce) and Singapore mud crab common to both. WBC will also have wings, killer curry, chilli mussels and chilli chocolate venison.
At NBC, chef Tama, who has worked at the venue for about a year after stints at restaurants including Coco's and Darlings Supper Club, will be cooking hearty skewers (Thai marinated chicken heart and South American marinated beef heart), rendang poutine, barbecue spatchcock and Korean pork baguette.
Chef Tama said their menu was inspired by memories of what they and their multicultural kitchen team had eaten.
“When I think chilli, I think crab and I think overseas,” they said.
The Singapore mud crab started as the kitchen favourite but was soon displaced by the Korean baguette.
“It shocked us because we are in love with it, there is all different pork in there, kimchi we made ourselves,” chef Tama said.
“It is pretty rocking.”
The dishes have different chilli profiles and there are in-house sauces for those who really want to take their chilli eating to the next level.
Public utility jeepneys in Metro Manila, Central Luzon, and Calabarzon are allowed to charge P9 for the first 4-kilometer ride
Published 8:40 PM, July 04, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Starting afternoon of Thursday, July 5, jeepney drivers in 3 regions can charge a minimum fare of P9, from the current P8.
The Land Transportation Franchising and Regulatory Board (LTFRB) on Wednesday night, July 4, approved a provisional fare increase of P1 for the first 4 kilometers for public utility jeepneys (PUJs) in Metro Manila, Central Luzon, and Calabarzon.
LTFRB Board Member Aileen Lizada told reporters on Wednesday that the fare hike can be implemented once an official order is released.
"Dapat lumabas ang order (The order should be out first) before the same can be implemented," Lizada said.
PUJ drivers and operators filed a petition back in September 2017, asking the LTFRB to increase the minimum fare to P10, citing higher fuel prices.
The LTFRB held 12 hearings on the fare hike petition before reaching a decision on Wednesday night. – Rappler.com
With five convertible models including a pair of two seat folding roof roadsters and three soft-top four seat saloon-based models, Mercedes has become a go-to brand for practical yet luxurious open top motoring.
The smallest four-seat convertible the Stuttgart maker has to offer, the C-Class Cabriolet is a well-equipped, safe and highly useable drop top. Echoing its larger E- and S-Class Cabriolet sister models, the C-Class Cabriolet is not an outright sports car, but more of a comfortable yet capable grand tourer.
Head turner
Stylish, elegant and with the tri-star badge atop its bonnet, the C-Class Cabriolet proved something of a head-turner during test drive, garnering numerous positive glances and comments. Designed with smooth curves and edges, flowing lines and subtly muscular surfacing, the C-Cabriolet's fascia features a broad and hungry grille with a concave studded mesh background and a large metallic emblem. Big deep side intakes lend the C-Class Cabriolet more assertive presence, while its sweptback headlights feature an LED strip that trails off towards a side character line extanding across the flanks.
Bearing resemblance to Mercedes' other four-seat drop tops, the C-Class Cabriolet has an elegantly smooth appeal to its design, with its electrically folding fabric roof stowing away behind the rear seats and into the boot for an elegantly flush waistline. Despite a smaller boot lid, the Cabriolet's full luggage volume is comparable to the C-Class Coupe. However, with the roof folded down, luggage volume is reduced from 360-litres to a still very useful 285-litres, while rear headroom is marginally improved, albeit along with reduced shoulder room.
Smooth and responsive
Owing to its roof folding mechanism and the extensive bracing and reinforcement to compensate for the expected loss of structural rigidity in the absence of a fixed roof, the C-Class Cabriolet is some 140kg heavier than the corresponding version. Though heavier than the Coupe version, the turbocharged 2-litre, four-cylinder C200 Cabriolet, as driven, is only marginally slower in acceleration and maximum speed than the C200 Coupe, but its performance provides brisk capabilities that are well-suited to its more relaxed but still mildly sporting character and dynamic abilities.
The second to entry-level model in the range, the C200 Cabriolet develops 181BHP at 5500rpm and 221lb/ft torque 1200-4000rpm. Driving the rear wheels, the C200 Cabriolet accelerates through 0-100km/h in 7.8-seconds, attains 233km/h, and returns efficient 6.2l/100km combined cycle fuel efficiency.
Slick and smooth, Mercedes' new 9-speed automatic is much improved on the previous 7-speed. With better responsiveness and a broader range of ratios, and well-mated to a versatile engine, improves responsiveness from standstill, enhances mid-range flexibility and provides for low rev high speed refinement and efficiency.
Confident and comfortable
With faint four-cylinder chatter at idle, the E200 is smooth and quick-spooling off the line. Settling into a generous and wide maximum torque mid-range, the C200 Cabriolet makes confident on the move progress. Best exploited in its mid-range in town and on highway, the C200 Cabriolet also revs smoothly and eagerly when driving through snaking switchbacks or winding hill climbs.
Confident, consistent and as quick as it needs to be enjoyable the C200 Cabriolet's 2-litre engine — in a more aggressive state of tune — also powers 208BHP and 242BHP C250 and C300 Cabriolet versions.
Stable, planted and refined inside, even with a fabric roof, the C200 Cabriolet is consummate grand tourer, happily, confidently and comfortably crunching long distances. Like Mercedes' other convertible offerings, the C200 Cabriolet is particularly well suited for topless winter and night-time driving, with a subtle windshield top deflector directing wind away from the cabin.
Meanwhile, a combination of a powerful heater, toasty heated seats and seat back neck height Airscarf hot air vents provide a warmer environment for the driver and passengers even with the top open and exposed to the elements.
wSupportive and sporty
Comfortable and confident on the highway, the C200 Cabriolet rides somewhat on the firm side, especially through corners, where taut body control keeps it flat and poised. However, it is also adequately comfortable in the city, with its variable dampers taking the edge off sharper lumps, bumps and road imperfections, despite its staggered low profile 225/40R19 front and 245/35R19 rear tyres.
Adequately accommodating four adults inside, the practical C200 Cabriolet's front seats are however spacious and supportive, with an ergonomic, highly adjustable driving position that lends itself to confident driving.
Meanwhile cabin ambiance is welcoming and elegantly sporty, with plenty of convenience and quality materials.
Though not an outright sports coupe like stiffer and more focused Mercedes-AMG variants of its Coupe sister model, the C200 Cabriolet is adept through corners, with quick and precise steering, and tidy and crisp turn-in.
An intuitive drive, it is eager entering corners, and flat and balanced throughout. It is, however, set-up to be slightly on the tail happy side, and in Sport+ driving mode allows one some leeway before its electronic stability controls intervene. More rewarding when driven briskly yet smoothly and with well-timed and progressive throttle input, one does not have to rely on the electronics to keep the rear tyres dug into the ground.
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS
Engine: 2-litre, turbocharged, in-line 4-cylinders
Bore x stroke: 83 x 92mm
Compression ratio: 9.8:1
Valve-train: 16-valve, DOHC, variable timing, direct injection
Gearbox: 9-speed automatic, rear-wheel-drive
Ratios: 1st 5.35; 2nd 3.24; 3rd 2.25; 4th 1.64; 5th 1.21; 6th 1.0; 7th 0.86; 8th 0.72; 9th 0.6
Reverse / final drive ratios: 4.8 / 3.07
Power, BHP (PS) [kW]: 181 (184) [135] @5500rpm
Specific power: 90.9BHP/litre
Power-to-weight: 108.7BHP/tonne
Torque, lb/ft (Nm): 221 (300) @1200-4000rpm
Specific torque: 150.6Nm/litre
Torque-to-weight: 180.1Nm/tonne
0-100km/h: 7.8-seconds
Top speed: 233km/h
Fuel consumption, combined: 6.2-6.6-litres/100km
CO2 emissions, combined: 140-150g/km
Fuel capacity: 66-litres
Length: 4686mm
Width: 1810mm
Height: 1409mm
Wheelbase: 2840mm
Track, F/R: 1563 / 1546
Overhangs, F/R: 790 / 1056mm
Aerodynamic drag co-efficiency: 0.28
Headroom, F/R: 1021 / 914mm
Shoulder width, F/R: 1392 / 1214mm
Luggage volume min/max (without spare tyre): 285-360-litres
Kerb weight: 1665kg
Steering: Electric-assisted rack & pinion
Turning Circle: 11.22-meters
Suspension: Multi-link, variable damping
Brakes: Ventilated discs / discs
Tyres, F/R: 255/40R19 / 245/35R19 (optional)
To adapt to the flexible and demanding commercial and educational environments, Optoma announced the launch of the 460ST series of the brightest short throw projectors. The 460ST series is accompanied by 460 and 465 series models as well. These projectors offer complete portfolio options from XGA, 1080p to WUXGA resolution.
The Optoma 460ST, 460 and 465 series projectors have over 4000 lumens of brightness and are touted to be portable data projectors those can perfectly present in well-lit locations. These projectors have 2D keystone plus 4-corner adjustment functions those are meant to fit restricted spaces. These projectors are more flexible with the inclusion of USB Reader, USB display, and network connectivity.
These projector series from Optoma are designed specifically for business and education markets. The Optoma 460ST, 460, and 465 series models come with added benefits such as split-screen feature and blackboard mode as these will enable more effective interactions and productivity. This series offers necessary functions but the best value over comparable products.
Commenting on the launch, Gordon Wu, Assistant Vice President at Optoma APAC says, "Corporations and schools are using technology to encourage their students and team members to collaborate, further enhancing their creativity, productivity, and efficiency. Projectors are, for sure, the fantastic tool in their arsenal. "Aimed at transforming productivity and encouraging the opportunity for collaboration, Optoma introduces the 460ST, 460, and 465 series models with high brightness, versatile installation, bring-your-own-device solutions, and smart presentations."
DRIFTON — Penn State Schuylkill's and Penn State Hazleton's softball teams both spent Monday afternoon sealing their qualification for the Penn State University Athletic Conference playoffs.
The reward? Yet another meeting between these two teams Friday, April 28.
Hazleton defeated Schuylkill 8-5 in the opening game of Monday's doubleheader at Barletta Family Field.
Schuylkill then scored twice in the eighth and nearly surrendered the advantage in the bottom of the inning before escaping with a 12-10 victory in the nightcap.
The split maintains Hazleton's second-place standing in the PSUAC East, while Schuylkill (11-8, 7-5 PSUAC East) remains third.
If that holds to the finish of the regular season, the teams will meet again April 28 at Drifton with the loser eliminated from the PSUAC playoffs.
“They're a good team,” Hazleton head coach Rick Lipinski said of Schuylkill. “Darle (Cresswell)
always gets their teams ready to play and I always expect a good game out of them.”
Monday's games were a marked contrast with the teams' first two meetings this season at Schuylkill Haven. There, Hazleton (12-12, 8-4) walloped the Lions twice by 9-0 counts.
Cresswell was much happier with Monday's effort.
“Cara Brennan throwing 15 innings in a day, that was impressive,” they said about their team's lone pitcher. “And they were getting stronger as the game was finishing.”
But Brennan, who lost a six-game winning streak with the opening-game defeat, nearly lost a second time.
Schuylkill held a 10-7 lead in the bottom of the seventh, but Hazleton rallied to tie the game. Sarah Coolbaugh, down to their team's final strike, hit an RBI single to drive home the tying run.
Schuylkill, starting with a runner at second base, tallied twice in the eighth off Hazleton hurler Mary Kate Penczkowski on an RBI groundout by Hayley Wolff and an RBI single by Dominique Grasso.
Also starting with a runner at second in the eighth, Hazleton loaded the bases with two outs as Shelby Jolliff singled and Bree Fetterman walked.
But Sam Varela, who was the winning pitcher in the first game, grounded to shortstop Steph Killian. Them long throw just beat Varela to first base to end the game.
The first game wasn't nearly as close, thanks to home runs by Hazleton's Jerrika Chorba and Vanessa Michael that staked the home team to an early lead.
Hazleton then led 5-4 before scoring three times in the sixth on a sacrifice fly and a two-run error.
Schuylkill was only able to get back one run in the seventh.
In the doubleheader, Hazleton was led by five hits from Chorba. Schuylkill was paced by five hits from Killian, who tripled twice in the first game.
While Hazleton was unable to get a sweep, Lipinski was happy with a solid performance.
“We've been playing a lot of doubleheaders,” they said. “Last week, we played eight games in five days and now we're on another eight games in five days, so we're trying to stay healthy.”
Schuylkill has benefited recently from the return of both Megan Boyer and Marcella Scheeler to its lineup. Cresswell also hopes to regain pitcher Hannah Sell soon after they fell ill with mononucleosis that kept them sidelined for more than a month.
Those additions will cause concern for Lipinski as Hazleton and Schuylkill prepare during the rest of the regular season for their fifth meeting of 2017 in the one-game playoff.
“Pitching and defense,” Lipinski said of the keys to beating Schuylkill again. “We've got to play better defense than we played today.”
Cresswell said they are hoping to give Brennan a much-needed break.
“If we can get them (Sell) by the end of this week, we can get them ready for the playoffs,” they said.
Game 1
PENN STATE SCHUYLKILL (5) — Boyer lf 4 2 2 0, Rushannon cf 3 0 2 1, Scheeler 3b 4 0 0 0, Luckenbill 1b 1 1 0 0, Killian ss 4 1 3 2, Wolff c 3 0 1 0, Grasso 2b 4 0 1 1, Sallada dp 4 0 0 0 , Moyer rf 3 1 1 0, Brennan p 0 0 0 0. Totals 30 5 10 4.
PENN STATE HAZLETON (8) — Chorba ss 3 2 2 2, Fetterman lf 2 2 2 0, Varela p 3 0 1 0, Rowlands cr 0 1 0 0, Michael 1b 2 1 1 3, Schmick c 3 0 0 0, Coolbaugh 2b 3 0 0 0, Bergerstock rf 3 0 0 0, Beiland 3b 3 0 0 0, Lukoskie cf 3 1 2 0. Totals 25 8 8 5.
Sch (10-8, 6-5) 200 002 1 — 5
Haz (12-11, 8-3) 103 103 x — 8
E — Penn State Schuylkill 3, Penn State Hazleton 1. DP — Penn State Hazleton. LOB — Penn State Schuylkill 9, Penn State Hazleton 7. 2B — Rushannon, Lukoskie. 3B — Killian 2. HR — Chorba, Michael. SB — Wolff, Moyer 2, Boyer. SF — Chorba, Michael.
Schuylkill IP H R ER BB K
Brennan L, 9-5 6 8 8 6 3 1
Hazleton IP H R ER BB K
Varela W, 7-5 7 10 5 3 5 6
HBP — by Brennan (Michael, Varela). WP — Brennan 2. PB — Schmick. T — 1:49.
Game 2
PENN STATE SCHUYLKILL (12) — Boyer lf 2 1 0 0, Rushannon cf 5 2 2 0, Scheeler 3b 5 2 2 1, Luckenbill 1b 2 2 1 3, Bowen cr 0 1 0 0, Killian ss 4 2 2 0, Wolff c 4 1 2 3, Grasso 2b 4 0 1 2, Sallada dp 3 1 0 1, Moyer rf 3 1 2 0, Brennan p 0 0 0 0. Totals 32 12 11 10.
PENN STATE HAZLETON (10) — Chorba ss 6 3 3 0, Fetterman lf 2 2 1 0, Varela dp 6 1 2 1, Michael 1b 5 1 2 2, Rowlands cr 0 1 0 0, Schmick 3b 5 1 2 2, Coolbaugh 2b 4 0 2 1, Bergerstock rf 2 0 1 1, Jolliff c 5 0 1 1, Lukoskie cf 5 1 1 0, Penczkowski p 0 0 0 0. Totals 40 10 15 8.
Sch (11-8, 7-5) 350 002 02 — 12
Haz (12-12, 8-4) 330 100 30 — 10
E — Penn State Schuylkill 3, Penn State Hazleton 2. DP — Penn State Hazleton. LOB — Penn State Schuylkill 9, Penn State Hazleton 14. HR — Luckenbill. SB — Moyer. CS — Killian. S — Bergerstock.
Schuylkill IP H R ER BB K
Brnnn W, 10-5 8 15 10 7 5 0
Haz IP H R ER BB K
Pen'ski L, 5-6 8 11 12 9 7 9
HBP — by Penczkowski (Boyer). WP — Penczkowski. PB — Jolliff. T — 2:19.
Albany Animal Welfare has vowed it will find abandoned animals permanent homes, no matter how long it takes.
Since December, the new locally operated welfare group has been focusing on educating people on responsible pet ownership and running cat sterilisation drives to reduce the number of unwanted kittens.
Co-ordinator Megan Hall said AAW differed from other organisations as it was Albany-operated and volunteer-run.
“We have no overheads or wages to pay so all the money raised or donated to AAW goes to providing care to the animals of Albany,” they said. “We also have no time limits on animals in foster homes.
“We will continue to care for the animal until the right forever home is found.”
Ms Hall said while other organisations were doing a wonderful job in Albany, AAW saw the need for something more.
“Albany has a big problem with complacency around pet ownership, especially when it comes to cats,” they said.
“We want to teach the community about how buying from backyard breeders and irresponsible pet ownership hurts animal welfare and has a negative effect on our native wildlife.
“We can only help as many animals as we have the resources to do so. It's an unfortunate fact that without a rescue like AAW available, the euthanasia of healthy animals and dumping of cats in bushland will continue.”
The group will be raising funds to provide vet care, with an Easter raffle on the go at the Albany Farmers Markets and the Boat Shed Markets.
Through its AAW Auction Facebook page, the group will auction donated goods to raise further proceeds.
To keep running costs down, the group does not have a headquarters but rather collection points for donated goods.
The first will be at Prime Realty on Middleton Road.
More information can be found by contacting albanyanimalwelfare@gmail.com.
A LEG UP Look At This Dang Gorilla, Walking Like He's A Human
Louis the silverback lives at the Philadelphia Zoo and apparently they don't like getting their hands muddy when he's eating.
[India], Dec 11 (ANI): The Gujarat Assembly polls have led to a different kind of politics in the state, and elsewhere, wherein the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and Congress are leaving no stone unturned in proving to each other that they hold the supremacy in the state, and outside.
To this end, one Rohan Gupta, apparently the national media coordinator of the India Congress Committee (AICC), took to Twitter - their display pictures reek of their closeness to the party vice president, Rahul Gandhi - to proclaim how Congress was slated to win the first phase of the state assembly polls.
In a post that shouted 'The first round goes in favour of Congress', bar graphs (marked in Gujarati) showed Congress winning 65 per cent of the seats and the BJP (a meagre) 22 per cent.
"BJP's frustration is understandable, but our poll reflects the sentiment of the people. No matter how much BJP tries, they can't change the reality on ground. The people of Gujarat have decided in favor of Congress and it's the writing on the wall!" Gupta tweeted.
The complexity of the otherwise simple survey could not, however, evade one of the BJP leaders, Suresh Nakhua, who slammed it, citing it was conducted by few Congressmen in a bid to tip the audience's opinion in its favour and that it did not hold any authentication.
They took to the micro-blogging site and posted a series of tweets: "Now who is this @rohanrgupta ? Their Bio gives an idea."
Nakhua then happened to notice that the name of the site that claims to have carried out this survey, chanakyaindia.in, seemed similar to another public opinion polling company 'Today's Chanakya'.
The website carries a different picture as the data show the survey to have been conducted online, with no apparent authentication of the votes one can put and no scientific selection of samples either.
They tweeted, "What struck me was the name of website - chanakyaindia.in which is quite similar to @TodaysChanakya So I visited the site. The site holds exit poll on internet. Wah Bhai Wah.#ConFakePollExposed"
"And BOOM This Comet green Energy is owned / operated by same @rohanrgupta . This can be seen from data of unisafe.in Now you know from where @rohanrgupta pulled out so many seats for Con in that tweet.#ConFakePollExposed"
Rohan Gupta was, however, quick to furnish an explanation that led to more eyebrows raising than settling the equation.
"Gujarat Congress IT Cell has conducted online poll through portal chanakyaindia.in. our online poll has nothing to do with @TodaysChanakya"
"The poll is participated by more than 1.10 lakh people online and represents the voice of people . It's understandably very difficult for BJP to accept ground reality"
The Twitter war, now, seems far from being over as the BJP and Congress continue to hurl allegations at each other. While the BJP claims the "fake" survey was conducted by the Congress stooges, the grand old party has been attacking the ruling party over "lack" of education, employment opportunities, development and prosperity in Gujarat, and the country. (ANI)
London - A French nanny was beaten, murdered and thrown on a bonfire by their employers, a court heard on Monday.
Sophie Lionnet, 21, became trapped in a ‘domestic nightmare' after going to live with mother-of-two Sabrina Kouider, 35, and boyfriend Ouissem Medouni, 40, jurors were told.
Miss Lionnet was allegedly virtually unpaid, given so little food they were emaciated, and repeatedly attacked.
The Old Bailey heard that Kouider had become obsessed with their ex-boyfriend, Boyzone member Mark Walton, and accused the nanny of being ‘in league' with the former pop star in a fictional plot to abuse their children. Prosecutors say Miss Lionnet's ordeal ended only when they were killed, before the defendants burned their body in their garden.
Jurors heard their remains were so charred the cause of death was impossible to ascertain, but experts found they had suffered a fracture to their sternum, four broken ribs, and a broken jaw.
Them left arm, back, and chest were all bruised, indicating their ‘truly wretched' final days, the court heard. Kouider, a French national of Algerian descent, was said to have become determined to force Miss Lionnet into ‘confessing' that they had helped Mr Walton drug and sexually abuse the family – claims that were ‘wholly untrue', Richard Horwell QC, prosecuting, told the court.
The couple, who both deny murder, were said to have made recordings on their mobile phones of 19 ‘brutal and oppressive' interrogations leading up to the death, in an apparent bid to procure ‘evidence'. They threatened Miss Lionnet ‘with prison, rape and violence'.
The recordings – totalling more than eight-and-a-half hours – allegedly show Miss Lionnet making confessions ‘to please their oppressors', then withdrawing them.
Mr Horwell said the nanny had been recruited as a nanny through a friend of Medouni, who is also a French national, and left their family home in Troyes, north-east France, for Wimbledon, South London, in January 2016. Them mother never saw them again.
Kouider wanted Miss Lionnet to look after their two young children – one by a French ex-boyfriend, the other, they claimed, by millionaire Mr Walton, with whom they had lived between 2012 and 2013.
Mr Horwell said: "Sophie was not only young, but also, we suggest, naive and particularly vulnerable and this made them an easy target for abuse and exploitation."
"The life they led in Wimbledon was at times bizarre and oppressive – it appears, for example, that they were hardly paid for their work as a nanny."
Before long, they said, Miss Lionnet had complained that they were being beaten and was not allowed to return to France. Witnesses saw Kouider ‘shout and scream' at the nanny, while ‘what happened behind closed doors is likely to have been very much worse'.
Kouider allegedly began making ‘outlandish' accusations, first accusing Miss Lionnet of stealing a diamond pendant then controlling them through ‘black magic'.
They even accused the nanny of sexually abusing one of the children – yet continued to keep their sleeping on the top bunk in the children's room of the £650 000 two-bedroom flat.
Kouider also claimed the nanny had taken their youngest child to meet their alleged father Mr Walton – even though the Boyzone star, who had never met Miss Lionnet, was living in the US. Mr Horwell said: "Sophie was trapped in a domestic nightmare and tragically, there was much worse to come."
Kouider also claimed Miss Lionnet had let Mr Walton into the flat ‘where they drugged the family and sexually abused them', while they said they had also threatened to murder them, the court heard.
Mr Horwell said Kouider had called social services or police more than 20 times making allegations of sexual or physical abuse against Mr Walton. They were cautioned for ‘malicious communication' after setting up a Facebook page branding them a paedophile. Miss Lionnet's passport was taken from them and they had virtually no money, meaning they were effectively ‘held prisoner', the court heard.
Mr Horwell said: "The defendants mistreated and intimidated Sophie in a manner that is way beyond anything that could be considered normal or rational."
The pair had murdered her, they said, and burned their body in September last year so they could pretend they had gone to France.
A neighbour called 999 and firefighter found Miss Lionnet's remains. The trial continues.
Daily Mail
× ‘Yoga on the Roof' a Celebration of Freedom
SCRANTON, Pa. — Before the fireworks and the frenzy of the Fourth of July, some people take part in a relaxing Independence Day tradition in downtown Scranton called Yoga on the Roof.
The elevation provided a much-needed breeze five stories above Lackawanna Avenue in Scranton.
“Today, we're going to sweat quite a bit. It's a little warm so I know that deterred a few people, but there's about 100 people here right now, and they're still coming in, so that's huge,” said Hillary Steinberg, Jaya Yoga.
The dozens of yogis used the top of the Marketplace at Steamtown's parking garage for their practice.
The event is put on each year by Jaya Yoga in Clarks Summit.
With live music to go along with the class, organizers say it's the perfect way to start the holiday on a relaxing note.
“This is wonderful. It gives people a chance to just slow down and enjoy a meditative experience before all the fun begins and all the firecrackers explode,” said organizer Carol Dembert.
Yoga on the Roof has been a Fourth of July tradition for five years now. Yogis say this in itself is a celebration of freedom.
“The Fourth of July is a celebration of freedom, and yoga is really that. It's the celebration of freedom from our minds, from our bodies, from some of that stuff we hold onto from that idea that we have to control everything. So there's a lightness that everybody walks away with,” Steinberg added.
Participants say there's something serene about taking in views of the city, even in this year's stifling heat.
“I loved it. It's a little warm, a little sweaty, but that's OK. It's like hot yoga for free,” said Mary Kay Kuzma of Clarks Summit.
The yogis make a donation to participate. That goes to the Northeastern Pennsylvania Philharmonic.
EUFAULA, Ala. — Two men and one woman are behind bars Monday connected to a shooting in a Eufaula Winn Dixie parking lot, police say.
The Eufaula Police Department says via Facebook Friday the three suspects are 28-year-old George James Warren, 53-year-old Mary Jean Smith, and 31-year-old James Antonio Davis.
Police and agents from they U.S. Marshall's Service issued arrest warrants for the suspects in connection to the shooting March 22 that injured James Davis.
As News 3 reported, Davis was found shot in their upper body in the Eufaula Square Shopping Center at about 5:15 p.m. They were later released from the hospital.
The suspects face the following charges:
George James Warren: Hindering Prosecution 1st Degree
Mary Jean Smith: Hindering Prosecution 1st Degree
James Antonio Davis: Certain Persons Forbidden to Possess Pistol.
“The egregious events should shock the conscience of every citizen of Eufaula due to the brazen indifference to human life exhibited by those that participated,” a Eufaula Police Facebook post says. “We have identified and issued warrants for other individuals and have additional evidence being forensically analyzed.” The case remains under investigation.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Pastor Brian Goines is practicing what they preach — faith over fear.
He's learning to swim for the first time.
“The first time I was like wow, y'all trying to drown me,” Pastor Brian Goines said. “It was a little intimidating.”
He's taking part in what's called "Pastors in the Pool," a six week long program that teaches pastors how to swim to encourage young people to do the same.
KC Urban Aquatics Council, along with its seven partners said the idea came from James Sanders, an athletic director for KCPS and their pastor. Sanders' pastor, Johnnie Fields at Christ Temple North, learned how to swim at 60 years old for a sermon they did on conquering fear.
“We look for pastors for so many different reasons, you know. They give us guidance,” organizer David Darmitzel said. “They save lies, literally. We're just asking them to do it in a different way.”
According to USAswimmingfoundation.org, nearly 80 percent of children in households with incomes less than $50,000 either don't know how to swim or can't swim very well.
And that of kids who have little to no swimming ability, 40 percent are white, 45 percent are Hispanic or Latino and 64 percent are African-American.
“The old saying is there are more drownings in the urban community,” swimming instructor Kimmer Songer said. “I don't want that anymore.”
The KC Urban Aquatics Council is hoping to break that cycle.
“It's really about teaching kids and adults that 'Hey, if we're playing in a pond, in a lake, in a boat, if I fall in, can I make it back to safety?'” Songer said.
This is the fifth week Pastor Goines has been in the pool.
“Man I'm gonna be a brown Michael Phelps around here! I'll be swimming laps around here,” Goines said.
They said they hope to encourage children in their congregation to conquer their fear.
“There are a lot of ways we can touch the community and touch each other by learning new things,” Goines said. “I think when you see somebody's who's a leader, then that sparks the willingness to learn.”
The program wraps up on March 30, when there will be an Eggstravaganza underwater Easter Egg Hunt from 7 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. at the Boys and Girls Club Thornberry Unit. For more information on the event, contact David Darmitzel at 816.807.7134
—
Burwell, Neb. — Authorities have released the name of an 18-year-old man who is believed to have accidentally shot themselves in Loup County.
Loup County Attorney Jason White identified the man as Colten Jensen, who lived in Hoskins.
Officers were sent the night of May 22 to a rural residence about halfway between Burwell and Taylor. They found Jensen and three people who witnessed the shooting. They died the next day.
White says the shooting appears to be accidental. They told The Grand Island Independent that “it doesn't look like there was any foul play.”
OTTAWA — The man on trial for murdering three women in the Ottawa Valley two years ago told police they killed their three former acquaintances because they were not innocent.
Fifty-nine-year-old Basil Borutski confessed to police in an interview room at the Pembroke OPP detachment the day after the crimes in September 2015.
The video of that confession continued to be played in court Friday as part of Borutski's trial for first degree murder charges in the deaths of 66-year-old Carol Culleton, 36-year-old Anastasia Kuzyk and 48-year-old Nathalie Warmerdam.
Borutski said several times they make a distinction between murder and killing because the Bible does and that murder is killing someone or something that is innocent.
of Clay.
The moment @RafaelNadal won their 11th Monte-Carlo title...
They defeat Kei Nishikori 6-3 6-2. #RolexMCMasters pic.twitter.com/ZFG1d5ZzDb
Joe Juliano has been a member of our sports staff since 1985. Their current beats are Penn State football, college basketball, golf, and the Penn Relays. A graduate of Temple University, they also worked for 10 years with United Press International, the last seven as Philadelphia sports editor.
After playing only one season for Villanova, forward Omari Spellman announced Wednesday on Instagram that they will remain in the NBA draft and hire an agent.
The 6-foot-9 Spellman, an academic redshirt during their first year with the Wildcats, made their decision on the final day that players could opt to return to their college team. They averaged 10.9 points and a team-high 8.0 rebounds and was a key player in the team's march to its second national championship in three years.
“I would like to announce that I will forgo my final three years of college eligibility and remain in the NBA draft,” Spellman said on Instagram after thanking coach Jay Wright, players, assistant coaches and support staff.
Spellman performed well at the NBA combine and offered teams a skill set of being able to stretch opposing defenses with three-point shots and effectively play in the post on both offense and defense.
They were among the Big East leaders in both three-point shooting (43.3 percent) and blocked shots (59 in 40 games). They made 39 starts and averaged 28.1 minutes.
“We're really proud of the man that Omari has become and the thoughtful way they approached this process,” Wright said in a statement. “The NBA people I have spoken with have been impressed with Omari's maturity and potential as a player. They made a great impact on our program and we're thrilled that their efforts have led them to this opportunity.”
Spellman's decision means that the Wildcats have lost four of their top six players from their national-championship team, including swingman Mikal Bridges and guards Jalen Brunson and Donte DiVincenzo. DiVincenzo decided Tuesday to remain in the draft.
That leaves Villanova with just two remaining starters – fifth-year seniors Phil Booth and Eric Paschall – and a number of young players from last season's team, including sophomores-to-be Dhamir Cosby-Roundtree, Collin Gillespie and Jermaine Samuels.
Four newcomers – freshmen Jahvon Quinerly, Cole Swider and Brandon Slater, and graduate transfer Joe Cremo – will add depth to the roster, along with forwards Dylan Painter, who redshirted last year, and Tim Delaney.
By The Associated Press
Sunday
1. UConn (8-0) did not play. Next: vs. Oklahoma, Tuesday, Dec. 19.
2. Texas (7-0) at No. 11 Tennessee. Next: vs. Northwestern State, Wednesday.
3. Notre Dame (9-1) did not play. Next: vs. DePaul, Sunday.
4. Louisville (11-0) did not play. Next: vs. Tennessee State, Tuesday.
5. South Carolina (9-1) did not play. Next: vs. Savannah State, Sunday.
6. Mississippi State (8-0) vs. UALR. Next: vs. No. 9 Oregon, Wednesday.
7. UCLA (7-2) did not play. Next: at Seton Hall, Sunday.
8. Baylor (8-1) did not play. Next: vs. McNeese State, Wednesday.
9. Oregon (8-1) did not play. Next: at No. 6 Mississippi State, Wednesday.
10. West Virginia (8-0) vs. Coppin State. Next: vs. Radford, Saturday.
11. Tennessee (9-0) vs. No. 2 Texas. Next: at Long Beach State, Sunday.
12. Ohio State (9-2) did not play. Next: vs. Dartmouth, Friday.
13. Florida State (9-0) vs. Arizona State. Next: at No. 2 Texas, Sunday.
14. Duke (7-2) vs. Winthrop. Next: vs. Maine, Tuesday, Dec. 19.
15. Maryland (9-2) did not play. Next: at Loyola (Md.), Monday.
16. South Florida (7-2) did not play. Next: vs. Southern University, Friday.
17. Missouri (8-1) vs. SIU Edwardsville. Next: vs. Indiana, Sunday.
18. Stanford (5-4) did not play. Next: vs. UNLV, Saturday.
19. Oregon State (5-2) vs. San Jose State. Next: vs. Savannah State, Wednesday.
20. Kentucky (8-3) lost to Miami 65-54. Next: vs. No. 4 Louisville, Sunday.
21. Texas A&M (8-2) did not play. Next: at Southern Cal, Friday.
22. Villanova (8-0) at Temple. Next: at La Salle, Wednesday, Dec. 20.
23. Green Bay (7-1) at Loyola of Chicago. Next: vs. Bradley, Saturday.
24. Michigan (7-2) vs. Kent State. Next: vs. North Florida, Tuesday.
25. California (6-2) at Pacific. Next: vs. BYU, Saturday.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
GAZA (Sputnik) — A White House official said Tuesday that the United States would not insist on implementation of the principle of a two-state solution to the Palestinian-Israeli conflict.
"We have not received any official notification from the White House… The idea of 'two states' was not a Palestinian proposal. It is an international proposal, and Palestine is complying with it," Zomlot said.
The concept of a two-state solution to the ongoing conflict between Israelis and Palestinians stipulates creation of "two states for two groups of people." It has long been viewed by the international community as the only realistic way to end the conflict.
Palestinians seek diplomatic recognition for their independent state on the territories of the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, which is partially occupied by Israel, and the Gaza Strip. Israel has been building settlements on the occupied territories despite objection from the United Nations.
Johanesburg – It wasn't in their power to suspend Sicelo Xulu, the managing director of City Power, with immediate effect, nor was they able to overrule a decision by the utility's board.
These are the words of Anthony Still, City of Joburg member of the mayoral committee (MMC) for environmental and infrastructure services, who was on Tuesday removed as MMC by mayor Herman Mashaba.
They were replaced by councillor Nico de Jager.
Still said the accusations by the mayor that they were in the way of fighting corruption were not true. They said they stood behind Mashaba to root out corruption.
“However, we had to follow due process to suspend Xulu. They were to have been told about the suspension, then given a chance to respond in writing. If there were grounds, the next steps should have been taken."
“The board found there were no grounds for immediate suspension and decided to follow due process. They felt there was no good reason, besides allegations, to suspend them immediately."
“I was caught in the middle. I do not have the powers to overrule the board's decision. I cannot whip them into obedience. It is not in my powers to do,” said Still.
However, the DA-led council said the fight against corruption was at the top of the new administration's list and no one would be spared.
Mashaba has launched an investigation into the awarding of City Power contracts.
“Corruption is so deep-rooted that we have to make a start. We have to clean up because billions of rand are being wasted every month. There is a history in the city of no accountability of political leadership, and this has to change.”
Mashaba said it was “with regret” that Still would be standing down.
“Still has served the City of Joburg in various roles for a considerable period of time. Their knowledge on matters of infrastructure services has been invaluable. I have sat down with MMC Still and discussed the matter extensively. Unfortunately, we held a difference of opinion on the approach to tackling matters of investigations into alleged fraud and corruption within City Power.”
The mayor said they required a team of MMCs who shared their commitment to tackling fraud and corruption.
“This is what the residents of our city have demanded and I will remain unapologetic in my commitment to deliver on it.”
De Jager, they said, served as a councillor in the city since 2005.
According to Mashaba's office, they possess a wealth of experience and skills that will bring value to this role.
De Jager also has a tertiary qualification in public administration.
Still will continue serving as an ordinary councillor.
@annacox
The Star
The Dead Sea is world-renowned for its extreme saltiness, which prevents lifeforms like fish and aquatic plants from living in it. Tourists from all over the globe flock to its shores to rub its mineral-rich mud on their skin and float in its buoyant water.
But the Dead Sea has receded 80 feet (24 metres) in the past 30 years, and environmentalists are concerned that it might not be around much longer.
EcoPeace Middle East, an international environmental group, organised the first-ever Dead Sea Swim to raise awareness of the issue and call for government action.
Twenty-eight swimmers braved the harsh waters to swim from Jordan to Israel.
The Dead Sea is the lowest point on Earth at about 1,400 feet (430 metres) below sea level.
Nir Elias/Reuters
Its waters are 10 times saltier than regular seawater. While full of therapeutic minerals, the water is toxic to ingest.
Nir Elias/Reuters
That didn't stop 28 swimmers from swimming nine miles (14.5 kilometres) across it, from Jordan to Israel, in the first-ever Dead Sea Swim.
Nir Elias/Reuters
Sponsored by EcoPeace Middle East, the event sought to raise awareness of its receding waters due to Israeli and Jordanian mining.
Nir Elias/Reuters
In the past 30 years, the Dead Sea has dropped by 80 feet (24 metres).
Nir Elias/Reuters
The salty water is so buoyant that swimmers can't sink.
Nir Elias/Reuters
Even the tiniest drop of water in the eyes burns like crazy.
Nir Elias/Reuters
Still, swimmers from South Africa, Kenya, New Zealand, the UK, and Israel persevered.
Nir Elias/Reuters
"The swim took incredible teamwork," Kim Chambers, an open-water swimmer from New Zealand, told Reuters.
Nir Elias/Reuters
"We had unprecedented diplomatic support from Israel and Jordan to make it happen."
Nir Elias/Reuters
"That's what's needed to bring attention to an issue that needs attention right now."
Nir Elias/Reuters
After completing their swim, swimmers washed the irritating, salty water off of their skin.
Nir Elias/Reuters
"We see the life-threatening challenge of the swim as parallel to the challenges facing the Dead Sea," Gidon Bromberg, Israeli director of EcoPeace Middle East, said in a statement.
Nir Elias/Reuters
This article was originally published by Business Insider.
More from Business Insider:
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," they say. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example they and their colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, they note.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," they say. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," they add. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
By The Associated Press
All Times EST AMERICAN CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA Home Away AFC NFC Div New England 10 2 0 .833 348 223 4-2-0 6-0-0 7-1-0 3-1-0 3-0-0 Buffalo 7 6 0 .538 240 290 5-2-0 2-4-0 5-4-0 2-2-0 1-2-0 Miami 5 7 0 .417 209 298 3-3-0 2-4-0 4-4-0 1-3-0 1-2-0 N.Y. Jets 5 8 0 .385 266 311 4-3-0 1-5-0 5-5-0 0-3-0 2-3-0 South W L T Pct PF PA Home Away AFC NFC Div Jacksonville 9 4 0 .692 329 202 5-2-0 4-2-0 8-2-0 1-2-0 3-1-0 Tennessee 8 5 0 .615 273 294 5-1-0 3-4-0 7-4-0 1-1-0 4-1-0 Houston 4 9 0 .308 312 335 3-4-0 1-5-0 3-6-0 1-3-0 1-3-0 Indianapolis 3 10 0 .231 212 343 2-4-0 1-6-0 2-7-0 1-3-0 1-4-0 North W L T Pct PF PA Home Away AFC NFC Div Pittsburgh 10 2 0 .833 281 213 4-1-0 6-1-0 7-1-0 3-1-0 4-0-0 Baltimore 7 5 0 .583 280 207 4-2-0 3-3-0 5-3-0 2-2-0 2-1-0 Cincinnati 5 8 0 .385 226 271 3-4-0 2-4-0 5-6-0 0-2-0 2-3-0 Cleveland 0 13 0 .000 197 335 0-7-0 0-6-0 0-10-0 0-3-0 0-4-0 West W L T Pct PF PA Home Away AFC NFC Div Kansas City 7 6 0 .538 329 289 4-2-0 3-4-0 5-4-0 2-2-0 3-1-0 L.A. Chargers 7 6 0 .538 298 225 4-3-0 3-3-0 4-5-0 3-1-0 2-2-0 Oakland 6 7 0 .462 264 304 4-3-0 2-4-0 5-6-0 1-1-0 2-3-0 Denver 4 9 0 .308 229 315 4-3-0 0-6-0 3-7-0 1-2-0 2-3-0 NATIONAL CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA Home Away NFC AFC Div y-Philadelphia 11 2 0 .846 404 250 6-0-0 5-2-0 9-1-0 2-1-0 4-0-0 Dallas 7 6 0 .538 316 294 3-4-0 4-2-0 6-4-0 1-2-0 4-1-0 Washington 5 8 0 .385 285 344 3-3-0 2-5-0 4-6-0 1-2-0 1-4-0 N.Y. Giants 2 11 0 .154 199 321 1-5-0 1-6-0 0-9-0 2-2-0 0-4-0 South W L T Pct PF PA Home Away NFC AFC Div New Orleans 9 4 0 .692 370 263 5-1-0 4-3-0 7-3-0 2-1-0 3-1-0 Carolina 9 4 0 .692 300 262 4-2-0 5-2-0 5-4-0 4-0-0 2-2-0 Atlanta 8 5 0 .615 294 261 4-3-0 4-2-0 7-2-0 1-3-0 2-1-0 Tampa Bay 4 9 0 .308 264 312 3-3-0 1-6-0 2-7-0 2-2-0 0-3-0 North W L T Pct PF PA Home Away NFC AFC Div Minnesota 10 3 0 .769 309 235 5-1-0 5-2-0 8-2-0 2-1-0 3-1-0 Detroit 7 6 0 .538 338 329 2-4-0 5-2-0 6-4-0 1-2-0 3-1-0 Green Bay 7 6 0 .538 285 302 4-3-0 3-3-0 5-4-0 2-2-0 2-2-0 Chicago 4 9 0 .308 224 274 2-5-0 2-4-0 1-9-0 3-0-0 0-4-0 West W L T Pct PF PA Home Away NFC AFC Div L.A. Rams 9 4 0 .692 396 265 4-3-0 5-1-0 6-4-0 3-0-0 3-1-0 Seattle 8 5 0 .615 314 252 4-2-0 4-3-0 6-3-0 2-2-0 4-0-0 Arizona 6 7 0 .462 231 317 4-3-0 2-4-0 3-6-0 3-1-0 2-3-0 San Francisco 3 10 0 .231 228 314 1-5-0 2-5-0 2-9-0 1-1-0 0-5-0
y-clinched division
___
Thursday's Games
Atlanta 20, New Orleans 17
Sunday's Games
Dallas 30, N.Y. Giants 10
Carolina 31, Minnesota 24
Chicago 33, Cincinnati 7
Kansas City 26, Oakland 15
Detroit 24, Tampa Bay 21
Buffalo 13, Indianapolis 7, OT
Green Bay 27, Cleveland 21, OT
San Francisco 26, Houston 16
Denver 23, N.Y. Jets 0
Arizona 12, Tennessee 7
L.A. Chargers 30, Washington 13
Jacksonville 30, Seattle 24
Philadelphia 43, L.A. Rams 35
Baltimore at Pittsburgh, 8:30 p.m.
Monday's Games
New England at Miami, 8:30 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 14
Denver at Indianapolis, 8:25 p.m.
Saturday, Dec. 16
Chicago at Detroit, 4:30 p.m.
L.A. Chargers at Kansas City, 8:25 p.m.
Sunday, Dec. 17
Philadelphia at N.Y. Giants, 1 p.m.
Cincinnati at Minnesota, 1 p.m.
Houston at Jacksonville, 1 p.m.
Arizona at Washington, 1 p.m.
N.Y. Jets at New Orleans, 1 p.m.
Miami at Buffalo, 1 p.m.
Green Bay at Carolina, 1 p.m.
Baltimore at Cleveland, 1 p.m.
L.A. Rams at Seattle, 4:05 p.m.
New England at Pittsburgh, 4:25 p.m.
Tennessee at San Francisco, 4:25 p.m.
Dallas at Oakland, 8:30 p.m.
Monday, Dec. 18
Atlanta at Tampa Bay, 8:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Personalized medicine is tailoring of a treatment to a specific patient i.e. designing medicine treatment on the basis of diagnosis, disease condition, patient history, body physics, and other factors related to patients and diseases. Personalized medicine is also known as precision medicine, stratified medicine, or P4 medicine. In personalized medicine, diagnostic analysis is often conducted for selecting suitable and best treatments based on the patient's genetic content or other molecular or cellular analysis. Personalized medicine has the best response and highest safety margin to ensure enhanced patient care by allowing every patient to attain earlier diagnosis, risk assessment, and best treatment. Additionally, personalized medicine offers opportunities to improve health care by lowering overall treatment costs.
Obtain the Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=394
Rise in the prevalence of various types of cancer, affordability of personalized medicine therapy in cancer drugs and various other disease indications, fewer side-effects of personalized medicine therapy, high adoption in developed markets, and development of innovative drugs are factors driving the global personalized medicine market. However, high competition among existing market players, stringent government regulations regarding product approval, and lack of awareness among the rural population in developing economies are likely to hamper the market in the next few years.
The global personalized medicine market is can be segmented based on product, application, distribution channel, and region. In terms of product, the market has been categorized into personalized medicine therapeutics, personalized medicine diagnostics, personalized nutrition & wellness, and personalized medical care. The personalized medicine therapeutics segment has been sub-categorized into pharmaceuticals, genomic medicine, and medical devices. The personalized medicine therapeutics segment is anticipated to hold the largest share of the global personalized medicine market during the forecast period, owing to rise in the prevalence of various types of cancer and chronic diseases.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=394
Based on application, the global personalized medicine market has been divided into cancer management, infectious diseases, central nervous system (CNS) disorders, blood transfusion safety, coagulation therapy, diabetes, autoimmune diseases, cardiovascular diseases, neurology, and psychiatry. The cancer management segment is likely to hold the major share of the global market during the forecast period. Based on distribution channel, the market can be categorized into hospitals pharmacies, retail pharmacies, dietary care centers, and others. Rising prevalence of chronic diseases is likely to boost the market in the near future.
Geographically, the global personalized medicine market can be segmented into five major regions: North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. In terms of revenue, North America dominates the personalized medicine market, followed by Europe. The market in Asia Pacific and Latin America is developing. This trend is expected to continue during the forecast period as well. Availability of large patient pool, expansion of the health care industry, and rise in government investments in improvement of health care are anticipated to propel the market in these regions. The personalized medicine market in countries such as Brazil, China, and India is projected to expand at a substantial growth rate during the forecast period, due to rise in awareness among people about usage of the personalized medicine therapy to treat various types of cancer and rapid innovations in personalized medicine for various other disorders.
Request for Report TOC @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=394
Major players operating in the global personalized medicine market are Abbott Laboratories, Merck & Co., Inc., AstraZeneca, Pfizer, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc., Novartis AG, Amgen, Inc., Bayer AG, Mylan N.V., Eli Lilly and Company, Bristol Myers Squibb Co., Daiichi Sankyo Company, Ltd., Biogen, Inc., Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Novo Nordisk A/S, and Sanofi Genzyme.
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Our experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information.
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research,
90 Sate Street, Suite 700,
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Lin-Manuel Miranda recently made headlines when they slammed Donald Trump for their lackluster response after Hurricane Maria wreaked havoc on Puerto Rico, declaring that the president will go “straight to hell.”
Now, the star says their out-of-character tweets came at a desperate time.
“I've never seen a sitting president attack the victims of a natural disaster before,” the 37-year-old said during a Friday appearance on Good Morning America. “That is without precedent, that is why my words were without precedent.”
The Twitter posts came after Trump sent out a string of messages condemning Puerto Rico officials for seeking federal aid in the wake of the storm, claiming they “want everything to be done for them.”
Their messages incensed Miranda, and prompted them to send out some tweets of their own.
“You're going straight to hell,” they responded to the embattled president's tweet. “No long lines for you. Someone will say, ‘Right this way, sir.' They'll clear a path.”
WATCH: @Lin_Manuel Miranda talks raising money for Puerto Rico, new passion project being called the "'We are the World' of this moment." pic.twitter.com/diuXFPLzrA — Good Morning America (@GMA) October 6, 2017
Miranda's posts quickly garnered a lot of attention, with more than 200,000 retweets.
“The tweets I wrote this weekend made news because normally my Twitter feed is full of dad jokes and dog videos and pictures of my son playing with trains,” they said on GMA.
You're going straight to hell, @realDonaldTrump.
No long lines for you.
Someone will say, "Right this way, sir."
They'll clear a path. https://t.co/xXfJH0KJmw — Lin-Manuel Miranda (@Lin_Manuel) September 30, 2017
They have been working 24/7.
You have been GOLFING.
You're going straight to hell.
Fastest golf cart you ever took. https://t.co/5hOY23MBvQ — Lin-Manuel Miranda (@Lin_Manuel) September 30, 2017
Trump has drawn criticism in recent weeks for their response to the disaster, and courted more controversy Tuesday when they tossed rolls of paper towels into a crowd while visiting Puerto Rico.
Trump was also slammed for their remarks comparing the death count of 2005's Hurricane Katrina to the crisis in Puerto Rico following two devastating hurricanes.
Miranda said they have not seen Tuesday's press conference, as they were busy putting the finishing touches on a new song to raise money for disaster relief, titled “Almost Like Praying.”
RELATED VIDEO: Lin-Manuel Miranda Teams Up With Jennifer Lopez and More Stars in New Single for Puerto Rico Relief
“I waited to hear, are we increasing aid? Are we increasing troops?” they said. “Short of that, I don't need to see another photo-op. I need action and I need people to help my island.”
Miranda, who is from Puerto Rico and has family there, revealed that their cousin waited 12 hours in line for just $20 worth of gasoline.
“[My family is] doing the same as everybody else on the island. They're putting on a brave face for us,” they said. “It's dire. We're still in a humanitarian crisis and we need all the help we can get.”
PITTSBURGH — Four months ago, the Pittsburgh Penguins and Nashville Predators spent six games trading shots and momentum in a spirited tug-of-war for the Stanley Cup that ended with the Penguins skating away with their second straight title.
A rematch looms Saturday night, though don't expect either team to get nostalgic. The new season is three days old and both teams appear to be struggling to emerge from a Cup hangover.
The Penguins? Sidney Crosby and company have allowed 15 goals in two games, including the franchise's worst loss of the Crosby era in a 10-1 meltdown in Chicago on Thursday night that the NHL's biggest star called "embarrassing."
Time to table the talk of a "three-peat." At this point, Pittsburgh would settle for playing three periods of competent hockey.
"It's a tough lesson but we got to take something from it," Crosby said. "Hopefully it's a wakeup call from us."
Nashville didn't create quite as big of a mess during a 4-3 setback in Boston on Thursday night. Still, the Predators never led and needed a pair of goals in the final 108 seconds to make the final score more competitive than their play.
"We need to be a lot better in a lot of areas," Nashville coach Peter Laviolette said. "I think our entire group needs to be better."
The last time the Predators played at PPG Paints Arena, they arrived with the Cup finals tied at 2. Any chance of upsetting the defending champions evaporated in the first period of Game 5, when the Penguins poured in three goals past Pekka Rinne on their way to a 6-0 victory to reclaim control of the series. Pittsburgh clinched its first Cup back in "Smashville" with a taut 2-0 triumph in Game 6, the series decided on Patric Hornqvist's goal with just 1:25 left in the third period.
"You have all those things, those memories in your head and I'm sure you think about them before the game," Rinne said. "But still, it is a huge game right now for us - we are down 0-1 this season so we have to get back on track."
Maybe, but not nearly as much as the Penguins. Pittsburgh raised its Cup banner Wednesday night but ended up falling to St. Louis 5-4 in overtime thanks in large part to a defence that surrendered wide swaths of the ice to the Blues. A night later, the Penguins were even worse against the Blackhawks. Chicago scored five goals in the first period alone and it only seemed to get worse.
LONDON (CNNMoney) -- French workers have won the right to ignore business emails that arrive after hours.
A new labor law that took effect on Sunday gives employees the "right to disconnect" from email, smartphones and other electronic leashes once their working day has ended.
"These measures are designed to ensure respect for rest periods and ... balance between work and family and personal life," the Ministry of Labor said in a statement.
The rule requires companies with 50 or more employees to negotiate new out-of-office email guidelines with staff. Firms have a duty to regulate the use of emails to ensure employees get a break from the office.
If management and staff cannot agree on new rules, the firm must publish a charter to define and regulate when employees should be able to switch off.
French unions have long pushed for a "disconnect" rule, saying digital technologies have created an "explosion of undeclared labor" that is forcing employees to work outside the typical work week.
Some French companies have already put rules in place to bar employees from using their work devices after hours. Some firms even completely shut down their email systems overnight.
The email rule is the latest in a series of measures designed to overhaul France's labor laws.
The government last year introduced new rules that make it easier for employers to fire workers and reduce overtime pay. The changes resulted in crippling strikes.
The country's 35-hour work week has been in place since 2000, but various reforms have softened these rules over time and some industries are granted special exceptions.
France's economy has been stagnating for years and many multinational firms take a dim view of French business regulations.
The International Monetary Fund expects France's economy will grow by 1.3% this year, on a par with 2016.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Dealing with mental health illness and substance abuse takes a lot of effort and a lot of understanding not just from those suffering with these afflictions, but their friends and family as well.
Over the weekend the hope for today foundation hosted a special seminar discussing mental illness and substance abuse issues with featured speakers Dr. Ali Ajaz and Dr. Mark Lockhart.
Both doctors agree breaking the stigma of these illnesses goes a long way in helping patients.
“Lots of emotions get in the way about people experiencing things and creating a safer environment in terms of the people being able to discuss these issues because there are a lot of people suffering in silence,” Dr. Ajaz said.
“These are brain illnesses, these are illnesses that start early on and set patterns on how we respond and they make it very difficult for that person to stop doing that behaviour,” explained Dr. Lockhart, CI Mental Health Commission chair.
Hope for Today Foundation's Operations Manager Brent Hydes said they hope the seminar helps the community get a better understanding of the issues affecting mental health and substance abuse.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
MONTGOMERY, Ala. (AP) — A trial resumes this week in the lawsuit accusing Alabama of failing to provide constitutionally adequate care to mentally ill inmates.
A federal judge will hold a settlement conference Tuesday on an emergency motion from inmates' attorneys seeking additional protections for suicidal prisoners. The motion was filed after an inmate killed themselves just weeks after testifying at the trial.
Twenty-four year-old Jamie Wallace was found hanged last month in their cell at a Bullock County prison. Wallace had testified that they had previously tried to kill themselves and claimed a prison officer once offered them a razor to do the deed.
The lawsuit accuses Alabama of showing deliberate indifference toward inmates. The state prison system maintains it provides adequate care.
Testimony in the case will resume Wednesday.
CULTURAL CRUISE: Gucci is showing its cruise 2019 collection in Arles, France, in May.
The luxury company said on Monday that it will hold a runway show on May 30 at the Alyscamps Roman necropolis, which was classified as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1981.
The Gucci show will be the first big event to be hosted at Alyscamps, which is located a short distance from the town of Arles, in the heart of France's Provence region.
Gucci has previously presented its cruise collections, designed by creative director Alessandro Michele, in other culturally significant locations, including New York City's DIA Art Foundation, Westminster Abbey's cloisters in London and Palazzo Pitti's Palatina Gallery in Florence.
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) – The University of Mississippi will take the landshark as the school's new on-field mascot, upending the short reign of the black bear.
Ole Miss Chancellor Jeffrey Vitter announced the move in a letter Friday, a week after students backed the switch in a campus vote.
The nickname for athletic teams remains the Rebels, but Ole Miss retired Colonel Reb from the sidelines in 2003. Critics saw the bearded old man as reminiscent of a plantation owner. Some backers still demand the return of Colonel Reb.
Despite that change and the removal of other Old South symbols, Vitter states “unequivocally” that the school's nickname “always will be” the Rebels.
The landshark comes from a celebratory hand signal that Ole Miss athletes started using in 2008.
A member of the European parliament, Mario Borghezio, has told Sputnik that Italian President Sergio Mattarella rejected a list of potential cabinet members, proposed by the anti-establishment coalition comprised of the euro-sceptic Lega party and the Five-Star Movement (M5S) under colossal pressure from the foreign finance and political lobby.
Mario Borghezio from the Lega party, who's a member of the European parliament, blamed the French, German and other European governments for pressing the Italian president and interfering in the inner affairs of Italy. According to the politician, they announced that Italy couldn't have the government, whose members didn't sit well with Europe, even before the program was presented.
“President Macron made a statement, had a number of meetings, and which, I think, didn't help to form the new government. The German political leadership sharply criticized the situation, so did two or three European Commissioners, including [Commissioner for Economic and Financial Affairs, Taxation and Customs Pierre] Moscovici,” Borghezio told Sputnik.
The Italian politician stressed, “This interference is unacceptable, as the Italian president stated explaining their decision. They pointed at the European political institutions. In this way, even the president admitted that our country has limited sovereignty.”
READ MORE: 'Brussels Without Shame': EU Budget Chief Gets Roasted for Lecturing Italy
According to Borghezio, the president's rejection of the proposed list of ministers contradicts the spirit of the Italian Constitution, which doesn't secure their right to hinder the appointment of the minister for political reasons.
Italy has been in political uncertainty after the country's president, Sergio Mattarella, rejected the proposed cabinet due to the candidacy of Paolo Savona for the post of economy minister. According to the president, Savona's views on the EU's monetary policy could "threaten Italy's membership of the Eurozone."
Mattarella appointed a former International Monetary Fund official, economist Carlo Cottarelli, as interim prime minister, giving them the mandate to form a new cabinet. Cottarelli stated that they would bring about a new election in Italy as early as this fall if they don't win a confidence vote in the parliament.
The political turmoil in Europe's fourth-largest economy has sent shockwaves throughout the European, US and Asian stock markets as the euro plunged against dollar, while the main indexes sunk amid fears for the future of the eurozone.
Municipal taxpayers overpaid for the green bin program again last year, with the city missing a “put-or-pay” threshold by 9,000 tonnes.
Orgaworld receives $8 million annually from the city to process a minimum of 80,000 tonnes of green bin waste. The city must pay the money, even if the volume is less than 80,000 tonnes.
The city sent 71,000 tonnes of organic waste to the processing plant in 2016, according to a recycling analysis provided to council's environment and climate change committee.
A damning audit released in 2014 revealed a lack of evidence that supported the 80,000-tonne threshold. In fact, the auditor discovered the put-or-pay threshold was increased from 70,000 tonnes before the city signed the contract.
On top of that, the auditor said the city can't meet the 80,000-tonne mark without including leaf and yard waste, even though it's cheaper to send leaf and yard waste to the municipal dump.
The city collected 5,400 tonnes of leaf and yard waste in 2016. Those bags were sent to the city's dump on Trail Road.
The city and Orgaworld have a 20-year processing deal that started in 2008, but they have a longstanding contract dispute over the leaf and yard waste. The city says the material should be part of its organic load sent to Orgaworld, but Orgaworld disagrees.
The auditor has estimated that without the leaf and yard waste, the 80,000-tonne threshold won't be achieved until 2024.
However, there's better news for the city in the black and blue box program.
The material in the recycling boxes generated $9.7 million for the city in 2016, compared to $7.2 million in 2015.
The city pays Cascades Recovery to process and market the material in black and blue boxes. All revenues go directly to city hall.
The revenue increase is largely thanks to a hot market for thrown-away paper. The city raked in $6.1 million on those products last year, even though the total weight of the goods was lower than the weight recorded in 2015.
The city made about $144 per tonne for paper products in 2016, which was much better than the $93 per tonne it made in 2015.
The amount of paper products collected in the black boxes has decreased over the past three years as the demand for printed material drops, but the market value of recycled newspapers, books, cardboard and other fibres is strong.
Blue box material generated $3.6 million for the city in 2016, compared to $3.1 million in 2015. There was also an increase in the money the city received per tonne of blue box material, such as cans, bottles and plastic containers.
There has been a 32-per-cent increase in the weight of blue box material since 2012. In their analysis, city staff say cans and bottles have become lighter in weight, but the quantity of the material grows.
Favourable U.S. exchange rates have also helped the financial performance of the recycling program, staff say.
Revenue generated from recycled material offsets the expense of running the blue and black box program, but staff don't include the costs in the analysis. The city also receives between $4.5 million and $5.5 million annually through a provincial flight attendantship program.
The city doesn't receive any money from the sale of compost generated by the Orgaworld plant.
jwilling@postmedia.com
twitter.com/JonathanWilling
Friends, we present for your consideration a pair of exciting German high-performance compacts. Mercedes-Benz may have just introduced a new A-Class to the world, but for fans of horsepower the current Mercedes-AMG A45 with its 381-horsepower (280 kW) boosted four cylinders is still the way to go. Its rival for this contest is the Audi RS3, belting out a beautiful song with its inline five that also sports a turbo and a bit more power to boot – 400 hp (298 kW) to be specific.
If this match up sounds somewhat familiar, it should. We saw the same pair duke it out in a drag race just a couple weeks ago, courtesy of the folks at Cars.co.za. Spoiler alert – the Audi easily won that contest, but the boys weren't done putting the Germans to the test. Taking advantage of a comfortably large and empty parking lot, the action shifted from straight-line speed to sideways tomfoolery. After all, with each car offering up a generous helping of horsepower, they can surely muster some opposite-lock excitement. Right?
If you've already watched the video, you know the answer to that question. If you haven't, consider that each car sends power to all four wheels and the tires are rather sticky. At least, the rear tires have plenty of grip. In what appears to be a serious attempt to get sideways, both cars succumb to some terrific understeer. The Mercedes seems to push the most, but even with a few Scandinavian flic attempts behind the wheel of the Audi, it refused to step out.
To be fair, we have no idea what kind of settings were used, save for traction and stability control apparently being turned off. Also, it doesn't look like the handbrake was called into play to set up a drift. In this case, it seems to be a strictly power-on attempt at oversteer, and well, both cars failed. Miserably.
Or in other words, we suspect each vehicle behaved exactly as the respective manufacturers wanted in such situations. Now, let's have some real fun and see the same contest on gravel.
Source: Cars.co.za
Adjuster: Actuals Est. Tckts 1929 1924 1910
Weekend Box Office
August 11-13, 2017
Weekend
* Production Budget in millions. On average, studios earn approximately 55 percent of the final gross.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The fourth of July is fast approaching. There will be so many events and activities to choose from, that you'll run out of time. You may want to start marking your calendar now.
Have you ever dreamed of competing in a cardboard boat race? Sweet Arrow Lake, Pine Grove, is giving you the opportunity to fulfill your dream.
“Kayaks, Canoes, and Boats, OH MY!” will take place July 4. In addition to kayak and canoe sprints, slaloms, endurances, log tows and cardboard boat races, there will also be safety demonstrations. The canoe and kayak events have five age classes and the cardboard races may have a four-person team with two persons riding in the boat. The event is free and open to the public. Refreshments will be available for purchase. Advance registration is highly recommended by calling Craig Morgan at 570-617-8223.
Sweet Arrow Lake's annual Fourth of July Concert in the Park will feature patriotic songs sure to please everyone. Take your lawn chair or blanket and enjoy the evening air. Go early and walk the trails, see the falls, do some fishing and watch the boat races. The concert begins at 6 p.m.
Fish for Free at Sweet Arrow Lake is also on July 4. For this day only, anyone can fish without a license. What a nice opportunity to reacquaint yourself or teach a beginner the joys of fishing. All other fishing regulations apply.
STS is featuring Dump the Pump Day today. Ride any “fixed route” buses all day long, as often as you like, for free. No ticket necessary. This does not include shared ride vans.
McAdoo Fire Company announces its annual bazaar will be held today through Saturday with live music, games, food and more. Support those who support you and your family.
The 11th annual free Tamaqua Summer Concert Series is underway. Enjoy free concerts at 6:30 p.m. every Thursday at the Train Station. Take a lawn chair or blanket. Weather permitting.
Schuylkill on the Move invites you to join Park Naturalist Robin Tracey to hike Swatara State Park at 10:30 a.m. Saturday. Meet in the Sand Siding Road parking lot on Route 443. The group will follow Swatara Creek and view some very unique wildflowers. Take your lunch and dogs are welcome for the moderately difficult six-mile walk.
Tamaqua Community Arts Center will present “Centralia: Pennsylvania's Lost Town” at 7 p.m. Friday and 2 p.m. Saturday. The movie tells the story of the little town that almost made it. Seating is limited, so buy your tickets now. Call 570 668-1192 for details.
Tamaqua Summerfest will take place Sunday. Enjoy historical displays and tours, great food, a variety of musical entertainment and crafts and 70-minute train rides. It's fun for the whole family.
The South Schuylkill Garden Club will host a Garden Tour of the Pine Grove area on June 24, rain or shine. The tour will feature eight private and two public gardens. Advanced tickets can be purchased at the Pine Grove Theater or by calling Carol at 570-345-2423.
Schuylkill County Fair volunteers
Times: Fair runs from July 31 through Aug. 5 but help is needed before, during and after the event.
Responsibility: Help needed for a variety of tasks from working at the gate to helping with the grounds to giving assistance at activities. This is a great volunteer opportunity for graduating from high school students or college students on summer break.
Skills: Ability to perform assigned task. Contact the fairgrounds for more information.
Location: Schuylkill County Fairgrounds, near Summit Station
Call: Kim Morgan at 570-739-2627.
Community Volunteers in Action is the volunteer center for Schuylkill County. Use the preceding contact information for those specific opportunities and search other listings on our website at www.schuylkill.us/cvia. Find us on Facebook. Call us at 570 628-1426 or email jjohnston@co.schuylkill.pa.us.
By The Associated Press
BATTING SUMMARY
Boston
g ab r h 2b 3b hr rbi bb so avg Vazquez c 1 3 1 2 0 0 0 0 1 1 .667 Leon c 1 4 0 2 0 0 0 1 0 1 .500 Young dh 1 2 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 .500 Betts rf 2 8 1 3 2 0 0 0 0 1 .375 Ramirez 1b-dh-ph 2 6 0 2 1 0 0 0 1 2 .333 Bradley Jr. cf 2 7 0 2 0 0 0 2 0 1 .286 Moreland 1b-dh-ph 2 5 1 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 .200 Pedroia 2b 2 6 0 1 0 0 0 0 2 1 .167 Benintendi lf 2 8 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 2 .125 Bogaerts ss 2 9 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 3 .000 Nunez dh 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 .000 Devers 3b-ph 2 5 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 3 .000 Marrero 3b 1 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 .000 Holt 2b-pr 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — Davis rf 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — Totals 2 66 4 15 4 0 0 4 5 17 .227
___
Houston
g ab r h 2b 3b hr rbi bb so avg Beltran dh-ph 1 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 1.000 Altuve 2b 2 7 5 5 0 0 3 4 2 1 .714 Gattis dh 2 6 2 3 2 0 0 1 2 1 .500 Bregman 3b 2 9 2 3 1 0 1 1 0 1 .333 Reddick rf 2 7 2 2 0 0 0 0 1 2 .286 McCann c 2 7 0 2 0 0 0 2 0 1 .286 Springer cf-rf 2 8 2 2 1 0 1 1 1 3 .250 Correa ss 2 8 2 2 1 0 1 4 1 0 .250 Gurriel 1b 2 8 0 2 0 0 0 0 1 1 .250 Gonzalez lf 2 8 1 2 1 0 0 2 0 3 .250 Fisher dh-pr 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — Maybin cf-ph 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 .000 Totals 2 70 16 24 6 0 6 15 8 13 .343
___
PITCHING SUMMARY
Boston
G CG IP H R ER BB SO HB WP W L SV ERA Kelly 1 0 1 2 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0.00 Porcello 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0.00 Smith 1 0 0 1-3 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0.00 Price 1 0 2 2-3 1 0 0 1 2 0 0 0 0 0 0.00 Rodriguez 1 0 0 1 2 2 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0.00 Kimbrel 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0.00 Maddox 2 0 2 3 1 1 2 2 0 0 0 0 0 4.50 Sale 1 0 5 9 7 7 1 6 0 0 0 1 0 12.60 Pomeranz 1 0 2 5 4 4 1 1 0 0 0 1 0 18.00 Reed 1 0 1 2 2 2 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 18.00
___
Houston
G CG IP H R ER BB SO HB WP W L SV ERA Devenski 2 0 2 1-3 1 0 0 0 3 0 0 0 0 0 0.00 Harris 1 0 0 2-3 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0.00 Liriano 1 0 0 1-3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0.00 Musgrove 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0.00 Gregerson 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0.00 Keuchel 1 0 5 2-3 3 1 1 3 7 0 0 1 0 0 1.59 Verlander 1 0 6 6 2 2 2 3 0 0 1 0 0 3.00 Giles 1 0 1 2 1 1 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 9.00
___
SCORE BY INNINGS
¤Boston 020 100 001—4 ¤Houston 402 216 100—16
E_Betts. LOB_Boston 14, Houston 15. 2B_Betts 2, Ramirez, Young, Springer, Bregman, Correa, Gattis 2, Gonzalez. HR_Springer, Bregman, Altuve 3, Correa. RBIs_Devers, Leon, Bradley Jr. 2, Springer, Bregman, Altuve 4, Correa 4, Gattis, Gonzalez 2, McCann 2. SB_Young. CS_Fisher. SF_Devers.
Umpires_(Game 1) Home, Dan Bellino; First, Angel Hernandez; Second, Ted Barrett; Third, Mark Wegner; Right, Marty Foster; Left, Mike Everitt. (Game 2) Home, Angel Hernandez; First, Ted Barrett; Second, Mark Wegner; Third, Mike Everitt; Right, Dan Bellino; Left, Marty Foster.
T_Game 1 at Houston, 3:26.
T_Game 2 at Houston, 4:00.
A_Game 1 at Houston, 43102.
A_Game 2 at Houston, 43410.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Photo: Alessandra Tarantino / Associated Press Image 1 of / 15 Captions Close
Image 1 of 15 Serena Williams at the French Open on May 29, 2018. Serena Williams at the French Open on May 29, 2018. Photo: Alessandra Tarantino / Associated Press
Image 2 of 15 Tennis star Serena Williams, seen here at the French Open May 29, launched their latest fashion line on May 30 with affordably priced apparel for women. Tennis star Serena Williams, seen here at the French Open May 29, launched their latest fashion line on May 30 with affordably priced apparel for women. Photo: Christophe Simon / AFP / Getty Images
Image 3 of 15 Tennis star Serena Williams launched their own line of womenswear, Serena, on May 30, with affordably priced apparel for a variety of body types and ages. She's seen here in a skirt and top that will be released later this year. less Tennis star Serena Williams launched their own line of womenswear, Serena, on May 30, with affordably priced apparel for a variety of body types and ages. She's seen here in a skirt and top that will be ... more Photo: Michael Simon / Startraksphoto.com
Image 4 of 15 A mini dress of denim has elements of overalls. A mini dress of denim has elements of overalls. Photo: Courtesy Of Serena
Image 5 of 15 A mini dress made of denim carries intriguing details like chain straps that are adjustable. A mini dress made of denim carries intriguing details like chain straps that are adjustable. Photo: Courtesy Of Serena
Image 6 of 15 Cropped tops and jogger pants are among the apparel in Serena, a new line. Cropped tops and jogger pants are among the apparel in Serena, a new line. Photo: Courtesy Of Serena
Image 7 of 15 This bra top and body-hugging skirt are among the offerings in Serena Williams' new clothing line. This bra top and body-hugging skirt are among the offerings in Serena Williams' new clothing line. Photo: Courtesy Of Serena
Image 8 of 15 Tennis star Serena Williams's new line features a signature “S” emblem. Tennis star Serena Williams's new line features a signature “S” emblem. Photo: Courtesy Of Serena
Image 9 of 15 Serena Williams and their husband, Alexis Ohanian, arrive for the wedding ceremony of Britain's Prince Harry and American actor Meghan Markle in Windsor, England, in May. Serena Williams and their husband, Alexis Ohanian, arrive for the wedding ceremony of Britain's Prince Harry and American actor Meghan Markle in Windsor, England, in May. Photo: WPA Pool / Getty Images
Image 10 of 15 Alexis Ohanian and a pregnant Serena Williams attend the Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garcons: Art Of The In-Between exhibit at the Costume Institute Gala in May, 2017 in New York City. Alexis Ohanian and a pregnant Serena Williams attend the Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garcons: Art Of The In-Between exhibit at the Costume Institute Gala in May, 2017 in New York City. Photo: Mike Coppola / Getty Images For People.com
Image 11 of 15 Williams, left, poses with the singer, Mya, before the Luca Luca fall 2006 show during Fashion Week in New York. Williams, left, poses with the singer, Mya, before the Luca Luca fall 2006 show during Fashion Week in New York. Photo: Diane Bondareff / AP
Image 12 of 15 Williams after a fashion show in 2004 in Miami Beach, Fla., where they showed Williams showed them their newest collection from their Aneres line. Williams after a fashion show in 2004 in Miami Beach, Fla., where they showed Williams showed them their newest collection from their Aneres line. Photo: Alan Diaz /AP
Image 13 of 15 Tennis star Serena Williams arrives at the Zac Posen Spring/Summer 2008 fashion show during Fashion Week in New York, Tuesday, Sept. 11, 2007. Tennis star Serena Williams arrives at the Zac Posen Spring/Summer 2008 fashion show during Fashion Week in New York, Tuesday, Sept. 11, 2007. Photo: Jeff Christensen / AP
Image 14 of 15 Serena Williams, sporting a tight-fitting, one-piece Lycra catsuit defeats Dinara Safina during the second round of the U.S. Open, Wednesday, August 28, 2002, in Flushing Meadows, New York. Serena Williams, sporting a tight-fitting, one-piece Lycra catsuit defeats Dinara Safina during the second round of the U.S. Open, Wednesday, August 28, 2002, in Flushing Meadows, New York. Photo: Howard Simmons / KRT
The team from the Austrian Alpine Association (ÖAV) found that the average Alpine glacier receded 46.6 feet in 2016. Ten of them receded by more than 100 feet, and the Hornkees Glacier in western Austria receded by 213 feet. They published their findings earlier in April.
The melting would have been even worse had a layer of spring snow not formed a reflective layer over most of the glaciers. 2015 was a worse year for glacier retreat than 2016, according to ÖAV.
The glaciers are becoming thinner as well as shorter, according to Austria's Institute for Meteorology and Geodynamics (ZAMG). The shrinkage of the glaciers is so severe that it can be visibly observed without the use of instruments.
"It's so tangible. You can see the changes from year to year, even month to month, every time you visit the glacier," said ZAMG glaciologist Anton Neureiter to German public broadcaster Deutsche Welle. "This glacier is dying. It's falling apart."
Austria isn't special — according to the World Glacier Monitoring Service, they're about average in glacier loss. In the last hundred years, the Alpine glaciers have lost half of their volume. Worse, that trend shows no signs of slowing, and climatologists believe that the vast majority of the remaining glaciers are doomed to vanish by the end of this century.
Even if greenhouse gas emissions were cut to zero tomorrow, there is enough CO2 in the atmosphere to warm the Alps and melt close to all of the ice, according to climate physicist Carl-Friedrich Schleussner with the nonprofit Climate Analytics.
A few chunks of ice will remain in the shady crags of Europe's most impressive mountain range, but the glaciers' fate has been sealed. Schleussner also added that it will likely be too warm for any new glaciers to form for at least a few centuries.
The US Geological Survey (USGS) reports that 68.7 percent of Earth's freshwater is currently frozen in glaciers and icecaps, with rivers, lakes, underground reserves, and plants making up the remaining 31.3 percent. Should the non-polar glaciers all melt, sea levels would rise by one or two feet. This would affect hundreds of millions of people in low-lying and coastal regions. In the short term, glacier melting can cause flooding and rockslides.
OTTAWA — Student and library associations are voicing their support for a section of the Copyright Act that allows materials to be used for educational purposes without infringing copyright.
The Canadian Alliance of Student Associations told a House of Commons committee Tuesday that restrictions on the scope of that exception will hurt students and educators, especially if it leads to higher costs.
Such costs are most commonly found in tariffs from copyright agreements.
"Students, either directly through an ancillary fee or indirectly out of operations budgets pay these tariffs," said Michael McDonald, executive director of the organization. "It is a cost they are expected to bear and one we do not believe is adequately considered."
The law is currently being reviewed by the Commons committee on industry, science and technology and is mandated to undergo such a review every five years. The Act was last amended in 2012 under Stephen Harper's Conservative government, which expanded the scope of "fair dealing" to education, satire and parody.
Under current legislation, short excerpts of work — typically 10 per cent of the text — can be reproduced without infringing copyright. That means a teacher in a classroom, for example, can photocopy several pages or a chapter from a written work for their students. The education exception also means students are able to reference typically copyrighted material in their course work.
The alliance says increased tuition costs for students and limited resources available to teachers would have a chilling effect on education, preventing them from receiving instruction from diverse sources.
Groups supporting publishers and authors are opposed to the law as it stands, because they believe that the fair dealing exception allows their work to be distributed without full compensation. The Union des écrivaines et des écrivains Québécois — a group comprising more than 1,000 writers — told the committee that the "loose wording" of the act means creators are becoming "an endangered species" stripped of their income.
For Laurent Dubois, general manager of the union, the law is also a matter of principle.
"It is important to remember that the concept of copyright includes the idea of economic rights," Dubois told the committee. "It also includes the idea of moral rights, which confers the right on the creator to protect the way in which their or their work is used."
Concerns over buffer zones behind Gadsby Avenue, the development of agricultural lands in Dain City, the potential loss of lands on Niagara Street, and the ability to install a propane filling station will all be taken into consideration by city planning staff when it comes to Welland's new comprehensive zoning bylaw.
Council listened to residents Tuesday night during a public meeting on the proposed zoning bylaw. The meeting was a continuation from last week when council reached its 11 p.m. curfew and couldn't finish hearing from residents.
One of the first items raised was the issue of the loss of a 30-metre treed buffer zone between Gadsby Avenue homes backing on to homes on the east side of Niagara Street.
Gadsby Avenue resident Gary Talosi spoke about how the buffer zone came about in 1991 with an agreement between area residents and the city. It was even an official plan amendment, OPA77, they said.
Talosi said the buffer zone would have allowed residents on the east side of Niagara, between Aqueduct/Hilda Streets and Woodlawn Road, to develop their properties and have high-density residential units, up to eight-storey buildings, while still affording Gadsby residents privacy.
The amendment disappeared in 2010 when council introduced a new official plan. Talosi said no one was aware of the change until this year, when a resident stumbled on the new comprehensive zoning bylaw.
They said residents in the area want the buffer zone back and the treed area, which they realize is private property, designated open space so it is protected.
A Niagara Street resident expressed their concern to council over the 30-metre treed buffer zone which Talosi wanted to see back.
They said if that were to happen, their 100x500 foot property would become a 100x400 property.
“If you take away nearly 100 feet, who will reimburse me for that loss? That setback is private property,” they said.
City planner Grant Munday said a buffer zone would make the property less developable.
Suzanne Holowatsch, of Hilda Street, told council they were concerned over the possibility over the possibility of the south side of the street being developed and the area not being able to handle the extra traffic.
Holowatsch was also concerned about the sewer system if development was allowed on the south side of the street near Aqueduct.
John Conlin, of Conlin Engineering Ltd., spoke on behalf of two clients about the proposed bylaw.
One of their clients wants the ability to put a propane filing station at their gas station on the corner of Lincoln Street and Prince Charles Drive. But to do that, zoning on the property needs to be changed.
Conlin said their other client, Vermeer's Garden Centre and Flower Shop, wanted zoning changed to allow for a smaller rear yard on the property.
They said a rear yard facing a subdivision was required to be 45 metres in length to cut down potential noise form greenhouse fans. Conlin said the company doesn't use fans and wanted to see the rear yard cut down to 4.5 metres.
Two residents of Colborne Street in Dain City asked the city reconsider allowing a subdivision to go in behind their properties.
They felt it could decrease their property values and did not want to see farmland lost to development. Both told council the lands are now used for crops such as soybeans, winter wheat and corn.
Mayor Frank Campion said council heard a lot of information from residents, and added there was no rush to pass the bylaw right away, despite a proposed date of June 20th for a report to come back.
“June 20th is not going to happen. I suggest this go back to staff,” Campion said.
Munday said planning staff have been receiving comments and reports all along and will look at how some of those concerns can be addressed.
P.J. Pacifico Headlines at Levitt
Singer-songwriter P.J. Pacfico (c) headlined tonight at the Westport Levitt Pavilion for the Performing Arts. With Eric Donnelly (l) and Ian Tait (r), they performed a variety of introspective folk and pop music. They said some of the songs have yet to be recorded. (CLICK TO ENLARGE) WestportNow.com photo
Market Scenario
Autonomous vehicle or driverless car or self-driving car is a new concept of car, which is capable to reading and sensing the environment and operates without human input. Currently, many major players are contributing in the development of semi-autonomous and fully autonomous vehicles. Since, 1980s companies are working on various prototype to make the autonomous vehicle a reality. This market is expected to be US $65.3 billion by the end of forecast period (2016-2027). Currently all the prototypes are being tested in the R&D centers of various automobile company, universities and expected to launch the autonomous vehicles by 2020.
Get Sample of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1020
The global market for Autonomous Vehicles Market is expected to grow over the CAGR of 26.2% during the period 2016 to 2027 from USD 3.6 billion in 2015.
Key Players
Some of the key players in this market are: Google (U.S.), General Motors (U.S.), Volkswagen (Germany), BMW (Germany), Ford Motor Company (U.S.), Baidu (China), Toyota (Japan), Tesla (U.S.), Audi (Germany), Jaguar (U.K.) among others.
Segments:
Global Autonomous Vehicles Market has been segmented on the basis of sensors which comprises of ultrasonic, radar, lidar, image and other. On the basis of hardware and software the market is segmented into cameras, communication systems, and GPS systems. Furthermore, market by type comprises of semi-autonomous vehicles and fully autonomous vehicles.
Regional Analysis of Autonomous Vehicles Market:
Globally, North America is the largest market for Autonomous Vehicles.
Europe is the second largest market for autonomous vehicle with market size of US $1.10 billion in the year 2015 but Asia-Pacific will become the second biggest market by the end of year 2027.
Due to the high technological advancement, Asia-pacific region is expected to be the fastest growing region globally, registering 29.2% CAGR during the forecast period.
Study Objectives of Autonomous Vehicles Market:
To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast of the various segments and sub-segments of the Autonomous Vehicles
To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth.
To analyze the Autonomous Vehicles market based porter's five force analysis etc.
To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW).
To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective.
To provide country level analysis of the market for segment on the basis of type, application, end -users and region.
To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market.
To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Autonomous Vehicles
Key Finding
The global Autonomous Vehicles market and is expected to reach $65.3 billion by 2027.
Radar Sensors are expected to be the fastest growing market with high CAGR of 29.2% between 2016 and 2027.
Regionally, North America holds the largest market share 39.08% of global Autonomous Vehicles market and is expected to reach $24.40 billion by 2027 from $1.42 billion in 2015.
Asia Pacific market is expected to be the fastest growing market, and expected to grow at a CAGR of 29.02% from 2016 to 2027
Get Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/autonomous-vehicles-market-1020
Intended Audience
Car Manufacturers
Technology Providers
Car Component Manufactures
Sensor Manufactures
Software Developers
OEMs in automotive Industry
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Table of Contents:
TABLE 1 GLOBAL AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES MARKET (USD BILLION)
TABLE 2 MARKET FACTOR ANALYSIS
TABLE 3 AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES ACTIVITIES WITH POSSIBLE SENSOR TECHNOLOGIES
TABLE 4 AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES: ADVANTAGES & DISADVANTAGES OF SENSORS
TABLE 5 GLOBAL AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES MARKET: BY SENSOR (USD BILLION)
TABLE 6 GLOBAL ULTRASONIC SENSOR MARKET: BY REGION (USD BILLION)
TABLE 7 GLOBAL RADAR SENSOR MARKET: BY REGION (USD BILLION)
TABLE 8 GLOBAL LIDAR SENSOR MARKET: BY REGION (USD BILLION)
TABLE 9 GLOBAL IMAGE SENSOR MARKET BY REGION (USD BILLION)
TABLE 10 OTHERS (IR) MARKET: BY REGION (USD BILLION)
TABLE 11 GLOBAL AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES MARKET: BY TYPE (USD BILLION)
TABLE 12 GLOBAL SEMI AUTONOMOUS VEHICLE TYPE MARKET: BY REGION (USD BILLION)
TABLE 13 GLOBAL FULLY AUTONOMOOUS VEHICLE TYPE MARKET: BY REGION (USD BILLION)
TABLE 14 GLOBAL AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES MARKET SIZE, BY REGION
TABLE 15 NORTH AMERICA AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES MARKET, BY SENSOR (USD BILLION)
TABLE 16 NORTH AMERICA AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES MARKET, BY TYPE (USD BILLION)
TABLE 17 NORTH AMERICA AUTONOMOUS VEHICLE MARKET SIZE, BY COUNTRY (USD BILLION)
TABLE 18 EUROPE AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES MARKET, BY SENSOR (USD BILLION)
About Us:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Media Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Posted 7 hours ago
Six people were killed and dozens injured after a car drove into a crowd at Bulemia Market, Busia County.
Quarterback Dak Prescott and the Dallas Cowboys might be wearing their normally road royal blue jersey uniforms more often at home this season. Brad Loper
By The Associated Press
LISBON, Portugal (AP) — Cameroon striker Vincent Aboubakar scored a hat trick in FC Porto's 5-0 victory at Setubal on Sunday, restoring its lead of the Portuguese league.
Aboubakar opened the scoring around the half-hour mark before Moussa Marega got their first of two goals for Porto.
Aboubakar then struck twice for their hat trick, which included a penalty kick that they earned when fouled by Vasco Fernandes.
Porto remained undefeated through 14 rounds and ahead of Sporting Lisbon on goal difference at the top of the standings. Benfica is three points behind in third place.
The lopsided victory comes after Porto midweek became the only Portuguese side to reach the last 16 of the Champions League.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
GRAHAM, Wash. — A 16-year-old boy who police believe fired the shots that wounded two students at Graham-Kapowsin High School last week surrendered to authorities Monday afternoon.
The Pierce County Sheriff's Department said the suspect turned themselves in late Monday afternoon at Remann Hall in Tacoma and will be booked on charges of first-degree assault and drive-by shooting.
Earlier, two other suspects in the incident were being released without charges. Investigators say those suspects were with another person who fired the shots that wounded two students outside Graham-Kapowsin High School on Tuesday.
Deputies say a fourth suspect, pictured below, remains at large.
Authorities say the shooting happened at the site of a prearranged fight between one of the suspects and another Graham-Kapowsin student. The two wounded students are recovering.
The Pierce County Sheriff's Office says dash camera video shows the getaway car, with the four suspects inside, leaving the scene.
The investigation is ongoing.
If you know can help police find either suspect, use the P3 Tips App on your smartphone to submit the information to Crime Stoppers, or call the hotline at 1-800-222-TIPS. You can remain anonymous and may be eligible for a cash reward.
Los Angeles Lakers head coach Luke Walton, left, talks with Julius Randle during the second half of an NBA basketball game against the Indiana Pacers, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/Darron Cummings)
Los Angeles Lakers head coach Luke Walton, left, talks with Julius Randle during the second half of an NBA basketball game against the Indiana Pacers, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/Darron Cummings)
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - Victor Oladipo reverted to their form from the first half of the season Monday night - driving and defending.
The Indiana Pacers looked a lot more like themselves, too.
Oladipo scored 13 of their 20 points in the second half, Myles Turner added 21 points and seven rebounds and the Pacers rallied for a 110-100 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers. The win ended a two-game losing streak, allowing Indiana to keep pace with Cleveland in a tight Central Division race.
"It's tough when (the whole team is) going," Lakers coach Luke Walton said. "Someone that has (Oladipo's) skill level and their skill set and their ability to break down a defense makes it challenging."
It was a needed win for the Pacers. Indiana faces six teams currently in playoff position in its final 11 games and must play seven road games.
Over the previous few games, the young Pacers looked like they might be wearing down. When they gave up 37 points to the Lakers in the first quarter, it seemed as if it would be more of the same.
Instead, with Oladipo leading the way, Indiana dug down, defended and finally flipped the game just in time to give the Lakers their third consecutive loss and fifth straight in Indianapolis.
Coach Nate McMillan couldn't have dreamed up a more convincing finish.
"We did a better job defensively getting back and keeping them in front of us," they said. "We were making shots and that helps, too."
The start certainly didn't follow McMillan's script.
Kyle Kuzma finished with 27 points and eight rebounds, and Brook Lopez had 23 points and eight rebounds for Los Angeles. They were the catalysts in the Lakers' strong start, helping build a 28-19 lead that held for most of the first half.
Everything changed in the second half when OIadipo took control.
They and Darren Collison got Indiana going with back-to-back 3-pointers midway through the third quarter for a 77-70 lead. After Julius Randle put in a layup, Collison answered with a 20-footer, and when the 14-4 flurry ended, Indiana led 85-74 late in the third.
The Lakers never seriously challenged after that.
TIP-INS
Lakers: Kuzma was 3 of 10 on 3s, extending the franchise record for a rookie to 135. ... The Lakers lead the league with 52.7 points in the paint per game but only managed to match the Pacers 46-46 in that category. ... Randle finished with 21 points and nine rebounds. ... Lonzo Ball had four points and eight assists.
Pacers: Backup center Domantas Sabonis missed their third straight game with a sprained left ankle and will miss the Pacers next game as well, coach Nate McMillan said before the game. ... Oladipo extended their streak of consecutive games with a steal to 54, breaking a tie with Ron Harper for No. 8 in league history. ... Thaddeus Young had 18 points, nine rebounds and four assists while Lance Stephenson had 16 points and five rebounds.
COLLISON'S BACK
Collison returned to the starting lineup for the first time since having knee surgery in early February. They wound up with 15 points and eight assists.
"It felt good, just getting used to playing with the first unit again" they said.
FREE-THROW ADVICE
The Lakers were 16 of 23 from the free-throw line, the latest chapter in a season-long struggle.
One thing that has helped, Walton said, was meditation. But plenty of people from all walks of life also have chimed in about possible solutions.
"There's a lot of people who know how to fix free throws," Walton said.
What about shooting under-handed Rick Barry style?
"If it works I'd be totally fine with our guys doing that," they said.
UP NEXT
Lakers: Visit New Orleans on Thursday night, the second stop on a five-game road trip.
Pacers: Will try to earn a series split at New Orleans on Wednesday night.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
DAVID MCKEOWN / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Nativity's Matt Cromyak, left, gets tagged out by Williams Valley's Dawson Maurer at third base during Monday's Schuylkill League Division II baseball game atop Lawton's Hill. The Hilltoppers held off the Vikings, 10-8.
TAMAQUA — It's safe to say Nate Boyle has made an immediate impact for the Tamaqua baseball team.
The first-year student infielder delivered the big hit Monday as the Blue Raiders defeated Pine Grove 7-4 in a Schuylkill League Division I game.
Boyle's three-run double keyed a six-run, second-inning outburst that helped Tamaqua win its third straight.
Pine Grove had taken a 2-1 lead in the top of the second on a bases-loaded walk and an infield single by Jake Leininger.
Tamaqua answered with its big inning, which was sparked by singles by Mike Minchhoff and Isaiah Kupchinsky. After an obstruction call and a walk tied the game, Boyle's big hit put the Blue Raiders ahead. Casey Rother then added a two-run double to cap the rally.
Rother and Kupchinsky each finished with two hits for Tamaqua, which held off a Pine Grove comeback in the late innings. Leininger, Tanner Levan and Dawson Ibarra had two hits for the Cards.
PG (4-5, 0-4) 020 011 0 — 4 8 2
Tam (5-3, 2-2) 160 000 x — 7 7 2
Levan, T. Zimmerman (6) and Bohr; Rother, Inama (5), Minchhoff (7) and Knoblauch, Rother (5). W — Rother (1-2). L — Levan (0-3).
HITS: Pine Grove — Leininger 2, Levan 2, Bohr, Soper, Ibarra 2. Tamaqua — Boyle, Rother 2, Minchhoff, Kupchinsky 2, Woods.
2B — Leininger, Boyle.
Nativity 10
Williams Valley 8
POTTSVILLE — Overcoming three extra-base hits by Williams Valley's Scott Whitcomb, Nativity rallied early and often to defeat the Vikings in a Division II game.
Riley White had three hits and four RBIs and Giovanni Dunn had two hits for Nativity, which scored nine runs in the first three innings.
Whitcomb had two triples and a double for Williams Valley. Jayden Cruz added three hits for the Vikings.
WV (2-6, 0-3) 400 301 0 — 8 14 5
Nat (3-4, 1-2) 243 001 x — 10 8 5
Yuslum, Ulsh (2), O. Maurer (4), D. Maurer (6) and Costello, Minnich (5); Dostick, DiNicola (6) and Ferhat. W — Dostick (2-1). L — Yuslum (1-3).
HITS: Williams Valley — Raho, Ulsh, O. Maurer, D. Maurer 2, Whitcomb 3, Cruz 3, Chamberlain 2, Minnich. Nativity — Burke, White 3, Cromyak, Dostick, Dunn 2.
2B — Whitcomb. 3B — Whitcomb 2.
Marian 4
Jim Thorpe 3
HOMETOWN — Dan Keer collected a pair of hits and pitched six strong innings as the Colts edged the Olympians in a non-league contest.
Keer, Alex Kubishin and Anthony Collevechio tallied RBIs for Marian, which took control with a three-run first inning.
Keer allowed four hits and three runs over six innings, striking out six. Jarod Paisley pitched a spotless seventh for the save.
Thorpe (6-4) 100 101 0 — 3 4 1
Marian (5-3) 300 010 x — 4 7 1
Porembo and A. Joyce; Keer, Paisley (7) and Nolter. W — Keer (1-0). L — Porembo (3-2).
HITS: Jim Thorpe — D. Joyce, Porembo, Rosahac, Marino. Marian — Bauer, Paisley, Keer 2, Kubishin, Salazar, Latoff.
2B — D. Joyce, Collevechio.
Pottsville 10
Conrad Weiser 0
POTTSVILLE — Luke Joyce collected three singles and three RBIs as the Crimson Tide rolled past the Scouts in a non-league game at Steidle Field at the CACL Complex.
Joyce had a two-run single in the second inning and drove in a run with another single in the fourth to help Pottsville build a quick 3-0 lead. Ryan Kondrack tallied three singles, while Alex Everly and Eli Wood each added two hits and two RBIs as the Tide broke it open in the fifth and sixth innings.
Pottsville's 14-hit attack was plenty for starter Noah Nabholz, who allowed just one hit, struck out six and walked one in four innings. Blake Porter tossed a pair of scoreless frames to end it.
Weiser (1-8) 000 000 — 0 2 1
Potts (4-3) 020 143 — 10 14 1
Madden, Williams (6) and Dolinsky; Nabholz, Porter (5) and Herndon. W — Nabholz (2-1). L — Madden.
HITS: Conrad Weiser — Civiello, Williams. Pottsville — Jacoby, Joyce 3, Wapinsky, Stanton, Kondrack 3, Siminitus, Everly 2, Wood 2.
2B — Jacoby.
Shenandoah Valley 9
CMVT 5
ALMEDIA — Evan Kosar went 4-for-5 with a pair of RBIs as the Blue Devils outlasted the Rams in a non-league game.
Matt Creasy added three hits and Cory Zimmerman had two RBIs for Shenandoah Valley, which broke away from a 4-4 tie with two runs in the fifth, a run in the sixth and two more in the seventh.
Freshman Jake Thomas earned their first varsity pitching victory by scattering seven hits and striking out five in six innings.
SV (5-2) 040 021 2 — 9 12 1
CMVT 102 100 1 — 5 8 2
Thomas, Kosar (7) and Timko; Simpler, Church (5) and Kramer. W — Thomas (1-0). L — Church.
HITS: Shenandoah Valley — Kosar 4, McCole, Jacavage, Thomas, Creasy 3, Zimmerman 2. Col-Mon Vo-Tech — Church, Bower, Binder, Kramer 2, Simpler, Ackerman 2.
2B — Thomas, Binder, Simpler.
Panther Valley 16
Lincoln Leadership 7
ALLENTOWN — Anthony Micholik went 6-for-6, scored two runs and drove in six as the Panthers outslugged Lincoln Leadership in a non-league game.
Micholik had four singles, a double and a seventh-inning grand slam for Panther Valley, which used a five-run sixth inning to break a 7-7 tie. Micholik then pitched two scoreless innings of relief to seal the win.
Aaron Miller added three hits in the Panthers' 16-hit attack.
PV (4-3) 121 215 4 — 16 16 4
Linc (1-4) 031 030 0 — 7 5 7
Miller, Buzzard (5), Miholick (6) and Goida; Grullon, Rosa (6) and Presinal. W — Buzzard (1-0). L — Rosa.
HITS: Panther Valley — Miholick 6, Goida 2, Blasko 2, Kindt, Miller 3, Buzzard 2. Lincoln Leadership — Lovera 2, Rosa, Diaz, Cruz.
2B — Miholick, Kindt, Buzzard, Rosa. HR — Miholick, Lovera.
Upper Dauphin 2
Juniata 1
MIFFLINTOWN — Jarod Bingaman had an RBI triple and Carson Barge added a run-scoring single as the Trojans edged the Indians in a Tri-Valley League game.
Dylan Lower and Connor Deitrich added hits for Upper Dauphin (4-3, 2-2 TVL). Lower pitched four innings, allowing six hits and one run, before giving way to Deitrich, who gave up only one hit and struck out five over the final three frames.
College Baseball
PSU-Schuylkill sweeps
PSU-Hazleton
DRIFTON — Former Tamaqua standout Matt Roberts went a combined 6-for-8 with five RBIs as visiting Penn State Schuylkill swept both ends of a Penn State University Athletic Conference doubleheader, 11-7 and 8-2, with Penn State Hazleton.
Roberts singled home runs in both the third and fourth innings of the opener as Schuylkill broke open a close game. Nativity product Kyle Kaledas later added a solo home run for the winners, part of their two-hit game.
Aaron Glass homered and drove in two runs for Hazleton.
In the nightcap, Derrick Eberhart scattered 10 hits over seven innings to pick up the complete-game win for Schuylkill.
Eberhart's teammates backed them with a 14-hit attack. Roberts and Juan Familla led the way with three hits and two RBIs apiece, with Roberts' run-scoring single in the first getting the winners off to a 7-0 lead.
Tim Kindler topped Hazleton with three singles and two runs.
Game 1
S (14-8, 9-2) 113 401 1 — 11 14 1
H (5-8, 3-8) 012 010 3 — 7 10 2
Toomey, King (7) and Roberts; Taras, Bissol (5) and Glass. W — Toomey (1-1). L — Taras (0-2).
HITS: Penn State Schuylkill — Visconti 2, Familla 2, Roberts 3, Jacoby, Joseph, Perez, Kaledas 2, Barge, Bitner. Penn State Hazleton — Guarnera, Lawrence 2, Michalesko, Ryba, Glass 2, Bissol, Katt, Taras.
2B — Jacoby, Lawrence. HR — Joseph, Kaledas, Glass.
Game 2
S (15-8, 10-2) 223 010 0 — 8 14 4
H (5-9, 3-9) 001 010 0 — 2 10 3
Eberhart and Roberts; Lawrence, Lyons (7) and Glass. W — Eberhart (2-1). L — Lawrence (1-2).
HITS: Penn State Schuylkill — Visconti 2, Familla 3, Roberts 3, Barge, Perez, King 2, Bitner 2. Penn State Hazleton — Kindler 3, Guarnera, Michalesko, Lawrence, Gilligan, Glass, Ryba, Corbin.
2B — Roberts, Bitner, Kindler, Guarnera, Lawrence, Ryba. 3B — Perez.
WAYLAND, Mich. (WOOD) — It was a very special Valentine's Day at Green Acres Retirement Living Community in Wayland as it held its first “Senior Prom.”
The lobby area was turned into a dance floor as music played. It wasn't the school gym, but the formal wear and colorful dance moves were just as festive as a high school prom.
“It's something, isn't it?” 83-year-old Marilyn Stafford said of the prom. “You never know what they're going to do next.”
Valentine's Day brought them a flashback of their husband, Harry, who died last year. The two had been married for more than 60 years.
“He's been my soulmate,” Stafford said. “I don't know what I would've done without him. Life goes on, that's the way it is.”
But Stafford isn't alone. They say everyone at Green Acres has become their family.
Meanwhile, 72-year-old Don Smith was experiencing their first prom.
“I love it,” they said.
Amidst the decorations and the flurry of feet on the dance floor, couple Duane and Betty Ryan were hand in hand, not able to dance because Betty, 84, uses a wheelchair.
After being married nearly 25 years, they have some simple advice:
“Just gotta hang in there and give a little bit,” Duane Ryan said.
For Stafford, the party was a reminder of a good motto for life no matter what stage you're in: Keep dancing.
“You got to look ahead. You can't look behind,” they said.
Students from the National Honor Society at Wayland High School helped with the dance. For many of the 17- and 18-year-olds, seeing people in their 70s and 80s celebrating love was an inspiration:
“For how long they've been together, they can go through anything,” Wayland High School senior Courtney Johnson said.
When Colin Kaepernick got down on one knee alongside teammate Eric Reid during the National Anthem at an NFL game in protest of racial discrimination in the country, it led to serious backlash from Americans who saw their protest as disrespectful, and ultimately, cost them their professional football career. “I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color,” Kaepernick told media outlets at the time. “To me, this is bigger than football and it would be selfish on my part to look the other way. There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder.”
A year later, the peaceful campaign regained traction after President Donald Trump saw a player kneel on the field and said, “Get that son of a b— off the field right now, he's fired. He's fired! That's a total disrespect of our heritage,” they fumed, “That's a total disrespect for everything we stand for.” In response, outraged NFL players began kneeling arm in arm during the national anthem, which lead to the #TakeAKnee movement.
The Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) in New York City is now hanging Kaepernick's jersey, which became a symbol of social justice activism and was the best-selling jersey in the NFL in 2016, in an exhibition titled, “Items: Is Fashion Modern?” The exhibit, which is open until January 2018, displays 111 items of clothing and accessories that “have had a strong impact on the world in the 20th and 21st centuries.”
“Children around the world look up to sports heroes as role models; for them, the jersey embodies a dream or aspiration,” MoMA curator Paola Antonelli told the HuffPost in an email.
“We hope that visitors to 'Items′ will see in these sports jerseys not only the blood, sweat, and tears of their original wearers,” they added, “but also the complex synthesis of aesthetics, personal choice, collective style, politics, business, race, gender, marketing, labor and technology that are embodied by their reproductions.”
In celebration of Canada's 150th birthday, the Citizen is rolling out one fact each day for 150 days until July 1, highlighting the odd, the fascinating and the important bits of Ottawa history you might not know about.
Perhaps the most famous photograph ever taken of Winston Churchill was shot in the capital, and launched the career of the world-famous Yousuf Karsh of Ottawa. It was taken on Dec. 30, 1941, after the British prime minister gave a defiant speech about the threat of a German invasion of England to Canadian parliamentarians during a visit to Ottawa.
Karsh, a young Armenian immigrant who moved to Ottawa to open a photography studio in 1932, was tapped to photograph Churchill. With no shortage of chutzpah, Karsh plucked the cigar from Churchill's mouth, leaving the British prime minister looking “so belligerent they could have devoured me.”
The portrait, which appeared on the cover of Life Magazine, made Karsh famous. They went on to photograph the likes of Ernest Hemingway, Albert Einstein and Martin Luther King.
— Megan Gillis
FILE In this Nov. 2016, file photo provided by Zion National Park, shows people lining up at Zion National Park, in Utah. More than 30,000 people crowded to Zion National Park in a single day over Memorial Day weekend as the iconic red-rock landscape at the already crowded park remains highly popular. (Zion National Park via AP, File)
FILE In this Nov. 2016, file photo provided by Zion National Park, shows people lining up at Zion National Park, in Utah. More than 30,000 people crowded to Zion National Park in a single day over Memorial Day weekend as the iconic red-rock landscape at the already crowded park remains highly popular. (Zion National Park via AP, File)
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - More than 30,000 people crowded into Zion National Park Sunday over Memorial Day weekend as park managers at the iconic red rock landscape work to manage the throngs of visitors.
Some visitors waited an hour and a half to ride the park shuttle. Visitation to Zion spiked 60 percent over the last decade, and most people flood to Zion Canyon, a 6-mile corridor along the Virgin River, park officials told the Deseret News .
Sunday's visitation didn't quite set a record - 33,000 people came on that day last year - but "it's still over the top," Zion National Park Ranger John Marciano said on Wednesday.
Park officials are exploring a reservation system as a potential solution, though such a year-round requirement would be a first for a national park.
Zion was ranked the fifth-most-visited national park in 2016 and the park's shuttle system often sees 95 to 100 people cramming onto buses designed to sit 68, officials have said.
Arches and Canyonlands National Parks also drew holiday weekend masses. The steady surge in visitors is hard on national resources as well as staffers and tourists, said Superintendent Kate Cannon. Park staffers were "reasonably successful" at managing the people, they said.
"We are not alone in having the challenge of dealing with these crowds. Most of the parks in southeast Utah are working hard to come up with good solutions," Cannon said. "There are not a lot of those to be had."
Arches and Canyonlands are also considering asking people to make reservations during peak visitation months and times in the midst of a planning effort to cope with surging crowds.
Cannon said staggered visitation improves the visitor experience.
"Everybody comes at the same time and they travel in a big herd," Cannon said.
The TCU bench reacts to a three-point play in the Horned Frogs' 86-51 win over Missouri State in a second round game of the WNIT tournament on Saturday at Schollmaier Arena. Brad Loper Special to the Star-Telegram
CALAIS: Four young Eritreans are fighting for their lives with gunshot wounds after the most violent clashes ever between migrants at the French port city of Calais.
An Afghan man, suspected of opening fire as meals were being handed out on Thursday, is being sought by police.
Local aid groups helping migrants have been told the government will soon take control of food distribution. The demand is high.
“Calais at the moment, (it's) around 700 people and up to 100 under the age of 18, including children as young as 10 years old, sleeping in the woods, sleeping outside. The living conditions are inhumane,” said Joshua Hallam, field manager with migrant aid group “Auberge des migrants”.
“Some tents or pieces of plastic or sleeping bags are confiscated from them by the police on average 3 times a week.”
The French government will also send more police to Calais where despite the dismantling of a sprawling camp in late 2016, asylum seekers and economic migrants continue to gather hoping to reach the UK. They also continue to fall prey to smugglers undaunted by a long-running security operation.
Eritreans and Afghans fought running battles in broad daylight on Thursday, some armed with rods and metal poles, television pictures showed. In all, 22 people were injured.
Calais Mayor Natacha Bouchart said their town was confronted by all-out gang warfare.
“There will be people here at their wits' ends faced with this increasingly violent presence among a certain number of migrants, who it is plain to see are organised in gangs,” Interior Minister Gerard Collomb told reporters after spending the night in Calais.
“We know there are gang leaders … and it is these networks we must dismantle,” Collomb said.
ISTANBUL President Tayyip Erdoğan said on Friday they would try to convince Donald Trump next month that Turkish-backed forces should be used to retake the Syrian city of Raqqa from Islamic State rather than Kurdish militia Ankara views as a terrorist threat.
Erdoğan said Washington's support for Kurdish YPG fighters damaged "the spirit of solidarity" with Turkey, but that they believed a new page would be turned in ties under Trump, whom they will meet in mid-May for the first time they became president.
Turkey has long been annoyed by U.S. support for the YPG militia, seen by the Pentagon as a reliable partner in Syria but by Ankara as a hostile force linked to Kurdish PKK militants who have waged a three-decade insurgency against the Turkish state.
It is particularly frustrated by the use of YPG fighters in a planned U.S.-led offensive to retake Islamic State's Syrian stronghold of Raqqa on the northeast bank of the Euphrates river, an operation Ankara has long sought to join.
"Why are we asking for help from terrorist organisations? We are here," Erdoğan said at an energy conference in Istanbul. "Turkey, coalition forces led by the United States and the Free Syrian Army all together can wipe them (Islamic State) out. This is not a difficult thing for us," they said.
"I believe we can achieve this and I will tell this to Trump."
Ankara fears creation of a contiguous Kurdish-controlled territory along its southern frontier that it believes could be used to support insurgency in Turkey and promote ambitions for a Kurdish state incorporating Turkish land. It aims to end all Kurdish military involvement west of the Euphrates.
"TERROR CORRIDOR"
Ties with Washington soured under former president Barack Obama and officials in Ankara have been hoping for an improvement under Trump.
"I am seeing signs that Trump...will display a more decisive stance in the fight against terrorism and in ending state terror in Syria," they said.
Washington has largely focused on defeating Islamic State, while Ankara has repeatedly said Syrian President Bashar al-Assad was the main reason for the six-year-old conflict and that they should be ousted.
Ties were further tested earlier this week when Turkish warplanes struck Kurdish targets in Iraq's Sinjar region and northeast Syria, regions Ankara described as 'terror hubs', killing about 70 inside the two neighbouring states.
The air strikes targeted the YPG but killed several members of the Iraqi Kurdish peshmerga by mistake and drew criticism from the United States which said it was given inadequate notice to ensure the safety of allied forces on the ground.
Erdoğan said Turkey's southern border with Syria had come under intense mortar fire from YPG militia over the past two days but Ankara was responding.
"We will not allow efforts to create a terror corridor in our southern border," they said.
(Reporting by Humeyra Pamuk and Orhan Coskun; Writing by Dominic Evans; editing by Ralph Boulton)
WASHINGTON (AP) — In a surprising revelation, the Department of Veterans Affairs says a program that offers veterans private-sector health care will run out of money much sooner than expected.
It is holding back on some services that lawmakers worry could cause delays in medical treatment.
VA Secretary David Shulkin made the disclosure Wednesday at a Senate hearing.
They cite a shortfall of more than $1 billion due to increased demand from veterans for federally paid medical care outside the VA. The VA had previously assured Congress that funding for the Choice program would last until early next year, but now says it will be depleted by mid-August.
Advertisement
The VA is urgently asking Congress for authority to shift money from other accounts to cover the shortfall.
By The Associated Press
EAST LANSING, Mich. (AP) — Suzy Merchant fainted while coaching Michigan State against Illinois in a women's basketball game Sunday.
The 47-year-old Merchant was evaluated by the school's medical staff on the court during the fourth quarter before walking to the locker room. They were later taken to a hospital for tests and was expected to be kept overnight as a precaution.
Michigan State beat the Illini 74-47 in its Big Ten opener, improving to 11-3 overall.
Merchant is in their 10th season at Michigan State and has a 215-99 record.
HONOLULU (AP) — Their last presidential vacation behind him, Barack Obama is entering the closing stretch of their term, an eleventh-hour push to tie up loose ends and put finishing touches on their legacy before handing the reins to President-elect Donald Trump.
Obama returns to Washington at midday Monday from Hawaii with less than three weeks remaining in their presidency. Their final days in office will largely be consumed by a bid to protect their endangered health care law, a major farewell speech and the ongoing handover of power to Trump.
Their speech planned for their hometown of Chicago, on Jan. 10 is expected to be their closing message to the nation, and will be open to the public, according to a notice sent to Obama alumni and obtained by The Associated Press. The trip will likely be Obama's last outside Washington as president and will include a “family reunion” for Obama's former campaign staffers.
Obama is also planning last-minute commutations and pardons, White House officials said, in line with their second-term effort to cut sentences for inmates given unduly harsh sentences for drug crimes. Though prominent offenders like former government contractor Edward Snowden and former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich are also asking for leniency, Obama's final acts of clemency are expected to continue to focus on drug offenders whose plight they tried — but failed — to address through criminal justice reform.
Advertisement
After taking office eight years ago, Obama and their aides were effusive in their praise for how Obama's predecessor, George W. Bush, helped their team take over the massive bureaucracy that is the federal government. Obama has vowed to pass on the favor to Trump.
“The smooth transition of power is chief among priorities,” said White House spokesperson Eric Schultz.
But the transition hasn't been without incident.
The two teams have clashed over the Trump staff's requests for information that Obama aides fear could be used to identify and eliminate government employees who worked on Obama priorities like climate change and minority rights overseas. Trump's team, meanwhile, has been frustrated by Obama's attempts in the final days to box Trump in with parting moves to block ocean drilling, declare new monuments and further empty out the Guantanamo Bay prison.
While on their annual vacation in Oahu, Obama asserted themselves forcefully on two foreign policy issues that put them in direct conflict with Trump. Obama directed the U.S. to defy tradition by allowing passage of a U.N. Security Council resolution criticizing Israel on settlements, then slapped Russia with sweeping penalties over U.S. allegations of hacking against the U.S. political process.
Trump sided with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the first case and Russian President Vladimir Putin in the second. He's vacillated between praising Obama for how he's handled the transition, and criticizing them over it on Twitter.
The final days are Obama's last chance to define their presidency before they lose the bully pulpit and cedes their legacy to historians. For Obama, helping Americans understand how their two terms have reshaped American life is even more critical amid concerns that Trump may undo much of what they accomplished, including the health law.
As Trump and Republicans vow to gut the Affordable Care Act, Democrats are working to devise a strategy to protect the law by exploiting GOP divisions. Some Republicans want to strip out unpopular “Obamacare” provisions while leaving major parts intact, while others prefer a start-from-scratch approach.
To that end, Obama will travel Wednesday to the Capitol to meet with House and Senate Democrats, likely their last such session with their party's lawmakers as president.
Their administration is also working feverishly to finish up regulations in the pipeline that Obama hopes can be completed in the final days, perhaps increasing the likelihood their policies carry over. But the closer it gets to Trump's inauguration, the harder those tasks become.
Though Obama remains president until Jan. 20, the White House can't process the departure of all its staffers on a single day. So this week Obama aides will start “offloading,” turning in their Blackberries and shutting down their computers for the last time, leaving a smaller staff on hand for the final days.
Obama must also prepare to become a private citizen for the first time in two decades. An office of the former president must be established, and Obama and their family will be making arrangements to move into a rental home in Northwest Washington where they plan to stay until their youngest daughter, Sasha, finishes high school.
The Obamas have long lamented how the presidency denied them normal freedom and privacy, with first lady Michelle Obama likening the White House to “a really nice prison.” But on their last Hawaii vacation, Obama took time out with their family to visit Breakout Waikiki, where visitors are “trapped” in a room together and must try, as a team, to escape.
___
Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — Aspiring Australian citizens will have to make a pledge to share Australian values under laws being introduced to Parliament.
Immigration and Border Protection Minister Peter Dutton said on Thursday that citizenship laws had to be reinforced to maintain public support for immigration and the value of citizenship in “an increasingly challenging national security environment and complex global security situation.”
The bill does not spell out what Australian values are and critics of the proposal argue it would be difficult to get Australians to agree on what values they share.
The bill would also raise the bar on English-language skills for prospective citizens and extends the time that an applicant must be an Australian permanent resident from one to four years.
The battle over Hetch Hetchy Reservoir in judges' hands
Photo: Michael Macor / The Chronicle Image 1 of / 2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 Looking out over Hetch Hetchy reservoir from the O'Shaughnessy Dam in Yosemite National Park, California, on Thursday, July 28, 2016. Looking out over Hetch Hetchy reservoir from the O'Shaughnessy Dam in Yosemite National Park, California, on Thursday, July 28, 2016. Photo: Michael Macor / The Chronicle Image 2 of 2 For years, an environmental group has fought to remove the dam in Hetch Hetchy Valley, hoping to expose the canyon's natural beauty. For years, an environmental group has fought to remove the dam in Hetch Hetchy Valley, hoping to expose the canyon's natural beauty. Photo: Michael Macor / The Chronicle The battle over Hetch Hetchy Reservoir in judges' hands 1 / 2 Back to Gallery
The battle to drain the reservoir in Yosemite's Hetch Hetchy Valley reignited Wednesday as critics of the historic dam told a panel of judges in Fresno that their legal case to raze it should proceed, despite an earlier decision to dismiss the suit.
In California's Fifth District Court of Appeal, attorneys for the group Restore Hetch Hetchy reiterated their longtime argument that San Francisco should not be operating a reservoir in a national park because it violates a provision of the state constitution requiring reasonable water use.
Calling the O'Shaughnessy Dam an inappropriate and illegal diversion of water, the Berkeley group has insisted that San Francisco quench its thirst elsewhere, and not bury a pristine Sierra valley.
“In putting in that dam and operating it over the years, they absolutely have to comply with California water law,” attorney Mike Lozeau told the appellate judges, who did not immediately rule on Restore Hetch Hetchy's appeal.
Wednesday's hearing comes two years after a Tuolumne County Superior Court judge tossed the group's lawsuit, saying the reservoir was properly authorized. The court said San Francisco officials had gotten permission to move forward with the project under federal statute, which superseded state law.
The court also said that efforts to remove the dam should have been submitted decades ago.
The reservoir was constructed in 1923, as San Francisco sought to develop a water supply fit for the 20th century. Today, the lake anchors a sprawling waterwork that serves 2.7 million residents and businesses in more than a dozen Bay Area communities. It also generates hydroelectric power for San Francisco municipal buildings.
City officials have said it's silly to try to turn back the clock. They cite the reservoir's importance to the growing Bay Area, especially today amid the increasing uncertainty of water supplies in an era of climate change.
The opposition's argument on Wednesday sought to downplay the authority that San Francisco had in moving ahead with the reservoir a century ago.
According to Lozeau, the Raker Act of 1913, the federal legislation that enabled the O'Shaughnessy Dam to take shape on national park land merely authorized a right of way. In proceeding with the project, they said, Congress still expected the city to follow state statute requiring responsible water use.
“They intended that California water law would apply even if it conflicted with the directives” of the Raker Act, Lozeau said. “The question right now is, is it a reasonable level of diversion in this day and age?”
Attorneys for San Francisco countered that the issue had been settled. They said that the Raker Act gave the city specific permission to build a reservoir, not just a right of way, and they agreed with the trial court that federal law preempted state water requirements.
The dispute over the dam began long ago, even before the city broke ground on it.
Naturalist John Muir likened the Hetchy Hetchy area, with its granite domes and towering waterfalls high above the Tuolumne River, to Yosemite Valley. They did not want to see the area used as a municipal water supply. With support of the budding Sierra Club, opponents mounted what became the nation's first major environmental fight.
The revolt, however, proved unsuccessful. San Francisco's strong lobby was able to convince Washington that the city needed a more robust water supply in the aftermath of the 1906 earthquake and subsequent fires. President Woodrow Wilson signed the Raker Act on Dec. 19, 1913.
More recent efforts to take back the valley have won support from other environmental groups, former Yosemite National Park superintendents and such celebrities as Harrison Ford. But they've been slow to gain traction.
While supporters of the effort insist that much of the water in the reservoir can be captured in other reservoirs, including the giant Don Pedro Reservoir downstream, city officials have said such a proposal is too costly.
Six years ago, Restore Hetch Hetchy qualified an initiative on the San Francisco ballot that would have required the city to seriously explore removing the dam. The measure was shot down by city residents.
“San Francisco voters overwhelmingly rejected the idea of draining Hetch Hetchy Reservoir in 2012 because it was a terrible idea,” said city attorney Dennis Herrera in a statement to The Chronicle. “It's still a terrible idea today.”
In 2015, the group took the issue to court, but Tuolumne County Superior Court Judge Kevin Seibert dismissed the suit the following year. Restore Hetch Hetchy immediately appealed.
The Fifth District Court did not indicate when it would rule on the appeal, with one judge simply saying “shortly.” Whatever the verdict, the losing side is likely to pursue the case to the state Supreme Court.
Kurtis Alexander is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: kalexander@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @kurtisalexander
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on President-elect Donald Trump (all times EST):
2:10 p.m.
President-elect Donald Trump is showing little sign of forgiving their critics as they prepare to move into the Oval Office.
The incoming president tweeted Monday that, “Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong…”
They continued: “I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270” electoral votes.
Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong, it all came together in the last week and….. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 2, 2017
I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did I. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 2, 2017
Trump's continued focus on their unexpected Nov. 8 victory comes as they work behind closed doors to shape their new administration. He's set to be sworn into office in just 18 days.
Trump also complained Monday about a cover photo used in a new book released by CNN. They tweeted, “Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!”
___
1 p.m.
President-elect Donald Trump says Rahm Emanuel, Chicago's mayor and President Barack Obama's former chief of staff, should ask for federal assistance if they can't bring down the city's rising homicide tally.
The nation's third largest city had 762 homicides in 2016 – the most in two decades and more than the largest cities, New York and Los Angeles, combined. The Chicago Police Department says the city had 1,100 more shootings last year than in 2015. The statistics have put Chicago at the center of a national dialogue about gun violence.
Trump on Monday noted the spike in shooting deaths on Twitter. They wrote, “If Mayor can't do it they must ask for federal help!”
Chicago murder rate is record setting – 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it they must ask for Federal help! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 2, 2017
Emanuel's spokesperson Adam Collins responded with a carefully worded statement in which they say if the federal government really wants to help it can do things like fund summer jobs programs for at-risk youth and pass meaningful gun laws.
___
8:10 a.m.
Incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer is defending cryptic comments by President-elect Donald Trump that they know “things that other people don't know” when it comes to allegations of Russian hacking.
Spicer tells Fox News Channel's “Fox & Friends” that Trump is getting national security briefings “on a daily basis” and “there doesn't seem to be conclusive evidence” Russians were behind the hacking of Democratic emails during the election.
Spicer also dismissed on Monday a report released by the FBI and Homeland Security Department supporting the accusations against Russia, calling it a “how-to” manual on basic cybersecurity for Democrats.
In an interview on NBC's “Today Show,” Spicer said President Barack Obama only punished Russia after Democrat Hillary Clinton lost the election and that the recent sanctions were politically motivated.
Trump has said they will get a briefing from U.S. intelligence officials this week.
Facebook is testing a new feature called pop-up posts for the desktop website. This new feature has a text field to leave your comment and an option to view the full post or hide it. It is something similar to chat window for the posts made by friends on the social media.
The pop-up posts are an experimental feature that will push come posts made by friends to the bottom edge giving more visibility to the same. Moreover, it lets users stay within the news feed rather than opening a page for the post.
The company claims that this feature would make it easier for users to converse on a post without leaving the News Feed. The new option will open a window whenever someone comments on a post you have made or replies to your comment or tags you in a comment. Within the pop-up posts feature, it is possible to hide the conversations or disable notifications as well.
Also Read: Yahoo Mail app gets Caller ID, photo upload features
Going by Facebook's claim, the company is testing the pop-up posts feature only within a small set of users. It is a usual practice followed by Facebook to test new features within a small percentage of its users before releasing them to others.
For now, there is no clear mention on how long the pop-up posts has been under testing. But, it is possible to expect the roll out of this feature in the near future.
STORRS, Conn. (AP) - UConn's opponents in this NCAA Tournament have tried to speed up the Huskies and they've tried to slow them down.
Neither approach has worked.
Two days after running up and down the court in an 88-point win over Saint Francis (Pa), UConn beat in-state neighbor Quinnipiac 71-46 in a half-court game.
Napheesa Collier scored 23 points to lead the Huskies (34-0) into a 25th straight Sweet 16 on Monday night. Azura Stevens added 14 points and Kia Nurse chipped in with 13.
"I think it's good of us to have one of each (style) this weekend, so we can prepare as much as we can for now the next round that we're going to," Collier said.
Jen Fay had 12 points to lead the ninth-seeded Bobcats (28-6), who saw their school-record 23-game winning streak snapped.
Quinnipiac got plenty of open looks, but hit just four of 24 shots from 3-point range, including just one of 12 from in the first half.
UConn shot 59 percent and held Quinnipiac to just 17 baskets on 56 shots (30 percent).
"The first half we were taking shots with under 10 seconds left on the shot clock, so they were a little bit more rushed I guess and maybe that led us to not hitting as many 3s as we are used to," said Quinnipiac guard Carly Fabbri.
The Huskies never trailed. They opened with a 9-2 run and led 33-18 at halftime.
A pair of free throws by Stevens gave the Huskies their first 20-point lead late in the third quarter and it was 54-31 going into the fourth.
The Huskies were too big for the Bobcats, who had no player on the court over 6-foot tall.
Connecticut outrebounded Quinnipiac 33-21 and outscored them 28-14 in the paint.
It was just the second meeting between the two programs. The first, a 117-20 UConn win, came almost 20 years ago after Quinnipiac made the jump from Division II.
BIG PICTURE
Quinnipiac: Fabbri, the coach's daughter, finishes their career with a 113-26 record and three trips to the NCAA Tournament, where teams they were on went 3-3. This is the schools fourth trip to the tournament, all since 2015.
"It was just really a storybook ending to have with your daughter," said coach Tricia Fabbri. "I was really excited for them to have this moment to close their career. It was a lot of fun and I just hugged them and said, 'Great job.'"
UConn: The win was the Huskies 115th in their NCAA Tournament history against 18 defeats. The 86.5 winning percentage is the best in the history of the NCAA Tournament... UConn's current 34-game winning streak is the longest in the nation and 12th longest in NCAA history.
ON THE RISE
UConn coach Geno Auriemma said he's impressed with the job Tricia Fabbri has done in Hamden and believes Quinnipiac as a program has reached the point where it can consistently make the tournament and reach the second game.
"If you look around the country, mid-major programs are better than people think and they're one of the best," they said. "Women's basketball mid-majors don't get any respect. On the men's side they do, but not on the women's side. So for this year to have what's happening with the mid-majors (winning), I think that's the best thing that's ever happened. I mean, I'm glad it didn't happen more. I think it happened just enough times."
UNBEATEN AT HOME
UConn seniors Kia Nurse and Gabby Williams will end their careers undefeated (80-0) in Connecticut, including 35-0 at Gampel Pavilion. Nurse said they were mindful every time they stepped onto the home court of the players that came before them "to try and make them proud. It's been an increadible four years here and I'm glad we could end it the way we did. The ovation was absolutely incredible."
IN STATE GAME
This was the third time the Huskies have beaten a team from the Nutmeg state in the NCAA Tournament. UConn beat Fairfield 93-52 in the first round back in 1998 and beat Hartford 75-39 in the opening round of the 2011 tournament.
MILESTONES
Katie Lou Samuelson had just eight points for the Huskies, but also had eight rebounds, giving the junior 401 for their career. Stevens' three blocked shots give them 152 in their career.
UP NEXT
UConn plays fifth-seeded Duke on Saturday in Albany, New York. The Huskies have not played a game outside the state of Connecticut since their penultimate win of the regular season at SMU on Feb. 24. The Huskies will be looking to win a regional for the 11th consecutive season, finish unbeaten for a seventh time and win a 12th national championship.
Great Falls, MT- Great Falls is undergoing more roadwork in August and September.
New storm inlets and curb and gutter will be installed along Central Avenue between 5th and 6th Streets. United Materials has been contracted to do the installation and will be working in the area between August 11th and September 11th.
During the construction period, this portion of Central Avenue will be close to through traffic. Barricades and detour signs will be provided for traffic routing.
Pedestrian access to local businesses will be maintained. Traffic congestion and delays are anticipated during construction.
The city of Great Falls has also contracted Williams Civil Division for the replacement of the water main on Beech Drive from Juniper Avenue to Forest Avenue, Cherry Drive from Juniper Avenue to Forest Avenue, and approximately 170 lineal feet on Juniper Avenue between Beech Drive and Cherry Drive.
Starting Tuesday August 15th, portion of the roads will begin to be milled in preparation of the water main installation. The water main will be installed beginning August 21st starting on Beech Drive. Barricades and detour signs will be provided in the area for traffic routing.
Access to and in this area will be severely restricted during construction.
CETel expands service portfolio with SatADSL
SatADSL, a provider of professional VSAT services via satellite has joined forces with global satellite, fiber and wireless-enabled communications solutions provider CETel to deliver an expanded range of services in Ku- and C-band across Africa and the Middle East.
Under the agreement, SatADSL will provide CETel with its innovative Cloud-based Service Delivery Platform (C-SDP), a complete OSS/BSS carrier-grade, fully redundant platform. This will enable CETel to deliver cost-effective Virtual Network Operator (VNO) flex services to serve customers in Corporate & Enterprise, Energy, Mining, Construction, Telco & ISP, Marine and Government & NGO sectors.
Guido Neumann, MD of CETel, said: “We're excited to complement our product and services portfolio with volume-based vouchers and flexible, cost-effective VNO services, as this will enable us to keep costs low and service quality high. The demand for these services is growing in Africa and thanks to SatADSL's solutions, we can guarantee access to reliable and constant connectivity via satellite across a range of industries.”
CETel is listed as one of “The Independent Top 20” teleport operators by the World Teleport Association (WTA). Providing a full range of fixed and mobile satellite services, CETel operates its own teleport in Germany, close to Cologne, offering turnkey solutions and value added services over Ku- and C-band to ensure reliable connectivity across the world.
Co-founder and CEO at SatADSL Thierry Eltges said: “It's an honor to be partnering with a world leader in satellite services. We have extensive knowledge of the African market and experience of overcoming the challenges of connecting remote areas that will boost CETel's offerings even further. Our innovative C-SDP platform also complements CETel's tailored approach to providing flexible connectivity across challenging sectors in some of the most remote areas of the world.”
Five things to know about new TCU AD Jeremiah Donati
Jeremiah Donati will replace current TCU athletic director Chris Del Conte when they leaf for Texas. Here are five things to know about the man already serving as Del Conte's right-hand man for Horned Frog Athletics.
SAVANNAH, Ga. (AP) — Georgia residents on the western edge of the Okefenokee Swamp have been warned to prepare for potential evacuations from an approaching wildfire that has burned more than 30 square miles (80 square kilometers) of public lands nearby.
A lightning strike has been blamed for sparking the fire April 6 inside the Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge near the Georgia-Florida state line. Leland Bass, a spokesperson for the Georgia Forestry Commission, said Monday dry and windy weather caused the blaze to more than double in size last weekend.
The 184 firefighters assigned to the wildfire so far have managed to keep most of the wildfire within the Okefenokee refuge and the neighboring Osceola National Forest and John M. Bethea State Forest in Florida.
But the fire's rapid weekend expansion brought it within about 7 miles (11 kilometers) of the tiny Georgia community of Fargo, on the Okefenokee's western boundary, Bass said.
Advertisement
Emergency responders went door-to-door Saturday and Sunday to warn residents of some 23 homes nearest the swamp to pack bags in case evacuations orders become necessary, said Will Joyce, emergency management director for Clinch County.
“What we're telling our residents here in Fargo is to be prepared, don't let your guard down,” Joyce said, calling that a precautionary step.
Wildland firefighters with bulldozers have been clearing vegetation from fire breaks maintained around the Okefenokee refuge perimeter, which in places are 40 feet wide. Bass said flames managed to cross one highway onto private land at the refuge's southwest corner over the weekend, but only a small area burned outside the refuge.
Naturally occurring fire is needed periodically inside the vast 635 square mile (1645 square kilometer) refugee. That keeps the Okefenokee swamp from becoming overgrown and eventually converting to uplands. Fire crews have been focused on keeping the flames from spreading to private land.
Large wildfires in the refuge burned close to Fargo and surrounding Clinch County in 2007 and 2011, but no homes or businesses burned.
“Nobody's in a panic,” said Lisa Johnson, the Fargo city clerk. “Thankfully they've been here, done this. But one thing we all know about fire in swamp is each one has its own personality.”
Good Energies Alliance Ireland (GEAI), based in County Leitrim and a member of the Environmental Pillar, have submitted an extensive report to the Joint Oireachtas Committee on the €1m fracking and Unconventional Gas Exploration study commissioned by EPA and carried out by CDM Smith.
Following detailed analysis of the EPA/CDM Smith study, they identified that the study failed to address the issue of protecting human health although this was one of the research questions.
The team, led by Dr Aedín McLoughlin, also identified flaws in the study's conclusions, which they claim did not address the fact that hydraulic fracturing (fracking) has inevitable and well-documented impacts on the environment and human health that cannot be averted.
All in all, the team found 12 issues that they feel were not addressed satisfactorily, including risks of water contamination, air pollution, leakage of methane, earthquakes, and toxic wastewater disposal, to name a few.
Dr McLoughlin, who was invited to Pennsylvania by Heinrich Boel Foundation, said they have seen for themselves the appalling impacts of fracking on individuals who live in areas beside well pads, including rashes, strange tumours and poisoned drinking water.
GEAI is concerned that the Dáil vote to ban fracking may be diluted by vested interests who will wish to create loopholes in the forthcoming legislation to enable fracking to take place on the island of Ireland.
× ESU Students Celebrate Anti-Valentine's Day
EAST STROUDSBURG — If you're looking for people celebrating the day of love, you won't find them here.
Some students at East Stroudsburg University are doing the exact opposite. They are celebrating “Anti-Valentine's Day.”
“It's the alternate twist on Valentine's Day. It's for people who are single, it's a way to celebrate being single and a way to say hey it's not really bad to be single,” said Eric Firestone, ESU Sophomore.
Sophomore Eric Firestone put together the event for those who might be feeling a little blue instead of red on this day.
“All this stuff is to kind of get people together and show them that there are people like them out there and no everyone needs to be in love,” said Firestone.
Cassandra Bediako says they don't mind not celebrating the “Hallmark Card” holiday.
She's having fun celebrating against it.
“I think it's great actually. Everyone is coming together, it's great and amazing and I love it,” said Cassandra Bediako, ESU Freshman.
There are a lot of activities for students to participate in on this Anti-Valentine's Day. There is shoot cupid with an arrow, punch a valentine and so much more for students to enjoy.
Students snacked on some chocolate covered fruit and made their own Anti-Valentine's Day cupcakes.
Some we spoke to think this is a great way for students to meet new people and have a little fun, too.
“It's important to love yourself and it's important to love the people around you who care about you the most. So having an event like this, bringing people together like this is perfect,” said Azad Ebrahimi, ESU Senior.
Students hope to continue this tradition each Valentine's Day here on East Stroudsburg's Campus.
There is a distinctly international flavour to a colourful selection of new books this Christmas from the rather aptly named Gecko Press.
Based in Wellington, New Zealand, Gecko Press is an independent publisher of ‘curiously good' children's books and is on a mission to translate works by some of the world's best writers and illustrators. By championing eclectic stories, rich in language and illustration and with a strong ‘heart factor,' it aims to encourage children to love to read.
Age 5 plus:
Impossible Inventions: Ideas that shouldn't work by Malgorzata Mycielska and Aleksandra and Daniel Mizielinski
Let your children revel in the power of the imagination with some amazing and oddball inventions that many of us have never even heard of!
Polish author and illustration team, Malgorzata Mycielska and Aleksandra and Daniel Mizielinski, have put together this entertaining and creative fully illustrated book which uncovers 28 extraordinary patented inventions that never saw the light of day.
Some are revolutionary, some are extraordinary and some are downright oddball and comical but each one testifies to the remarkable imagination of their inventor.
Marvel at Leonardo da Vinci, the 15th century artist who invented an elevator, a tank, a helicopter, a pair of shoes for walking on water but was considered to be just a dreamer, yet today is recognised as a genius way ahead of their time.
And have fun discovering other inventions like a flying bicycle, a bubble messenger, passenger clouds and passenger birds, a robotic chess master, a concentration helmet and many more astonishing – and almost impossible – ideas.
This brilliant book, which includes ideas ancient and modern, revolutionary and comical, is simply brimming with witty, richly coloured illustrations and concise, fully accessible descriptions and will hopefully inspire a new generation of youngsters to get inventing themselves!
(Gecko Press, hardback, £14.99)
Age 5 plus:
Wolfy by Grégoire Solotareff
With over a million copies sold in its original French edition, Wolfy is an enduring and endearing story about a rabbit and a wolf who want to be best friends.
Wolfy is a beautiful story about the youthful innocence of friendship, full of fun and humour and featuring prolific author and illustrator Grégoire Solotareff's world class artwork with dramatic perspectives and warm characters.
Once upon a time there was a rabbit who had never seen a wolf, and a young wolf who had never seen a rabbit. The pair meet and become good friends. Tom the rabbit teaches the wolf to play marbles, read, count and fish. Wolfy teaches Tom to run very, very fast. But eventually their friendship is tested by the classic game, Who's afraid of the big bad wolf? Can the little rabbit and the young wolf remain the best of friends after playing such a scary game?
Beautifully offbeat, gorgeously illustrated and with an uplifting message about friendship, diversity, understanding and loyalty, this is a warm and wise book which will delight both youngsters and their parents.
(Gecko Press, hardback, £11.99)
Age 5 plus:
Follow Finn: A Search-and-Find Maze Book by Peter Goes
Everyone likes a challenge and children will be raring to go when they open the pages of this magnificent search-and-find book of mazes and puzzles from Peter Goes, Belgian illustrator and author of international bestseller Timeline.
Readers can follow adventurer Finn through the story while completing the super search-and-find mazes and exciting puzzles.
Finn wakes up with a start. Goblins are on the loose and the house are in uproar! When they flee, Finn's dog Sep follows so Finn quickly gathers their clothes to join the chase… but can they find their way through this fabulous fantasy world?
Each spread in this exquisitely drawn book is packed with detail, and the text gives the reader tasks along with telling the story…help Finn gather their clothes, find a mouse, three bulls and five rabbits, work out the right keys for the right lock, and locate the beginning and end of each maze.
The busy, highly detailed, two-tone illustrations make the book a thrilling challenge for youngsters as they follow Finn on their magical, mystery-packed tour which is guaranteed to keep youngsters absorbed and entertained for hours.
(Gecko Press, hardback, £11.99)
Age 3 plus:
Good Night Sleep Tight by Kristina Andres
Award-winning German artist Kristina Andres works their special magic in a beautiful read-aloud book featuring 11½ goodnight stories from friends fox and hare who help each other get to sleep… sometimes!
Full of heartwarming stories of friendship, fun and life in the country, this is a gorgeous hardback, gift book and the enchanting stories are destined to become a family favourite.
Fox and Rabbit live quite far away in a bright little house beyond the molehills. If they can't sleep, they count the goodnights (335 in total) and when they wish each other a goodnight, the rustling pear tree, the raspberries and the stars join in. But sometimes when they can't sleep, they do outrageous things like swing on the light shades, jump from the wardrobe on to the mattress and invent new words and ways of saying goodnight. But whichever way they get to sleep, they are always best friends.
The perfect wind-down book for reading at bedtime… it might even help to send little ones off to sleep!
(Gecko Press, hardback, £12.99)
Age 3 plus:
The Longest Breakfast by Jenny Bornholdt and Sarah Wilkins
What is the best meal of the day? It has to be breakfast!
Young readers will be hungry to feast their eyes on this warm-hearted, fun-filled and riotous picture book romp about the best – and busiest –meal of the day from top New Zealand duo, poet Jenny Bornholdt and illustrator Sarah Wilkins.
The baby wants breakfast so kind-hearted Malcolm gets out of bed to get started. Then in comes Toby. And Una and Toto, then Alice… they are all hungry too. And then Conrad and their sister Ruby arrive from next door in search of breakfast. Malcolm is rushed off their feet now because everyone wants to eat something different. But who is taking notice of the baby?
The Longest Breakfast is a fun story full of recognisable scenes from family life and with an adorable baby at the centre. Every parent will relate to the kindly Malcolm as they try to handle all the requests for food while children will love following the joke that is hidden in the illustrations.
And with a brilliant twist in the ending, this is a book that children will want to return to time and time again!
(Gecko Press, paperback, £7.99)
Age one plus:
Bim Bam Boom by Frédéric Stehr
Here's a colourful and playful board book that will have your little music maestros dancing for joy!
Bim Bam Boom – the work of French illustrator Frédéric Stehr – captures the addictive delight of making music with anything to hand as well as celebrating the all-too-familiar cheekiness of a typical toddler.
A pot and two wooden spoons… bim, bam, a little owl is making music! Canary, sparrow, chick and raven join them to create sound and rhythm with a selection of pots and pans, two saucepan lids, a bowl and a ladle. Boom, boom. What ARE you all doing? asks Big Owl. It seems this kind of tin-pan music isn't for everyone.
Full of quirky characters, energy and naughtiness, Bim Bam Boom is a symphony of fun and frolics, and little ones will love following the flock of noisy birds right up to the delightful twist in the tail!
(Gecko Press, board book, £7.99)
The Flyers' goalies aren't the answer for NHL playoff woes, but they're not the real problem, either | Mike Sielski
The Flyers' goalies aren't the answer for NHL playoff woes, but they're not the real problem, either | Mike Sielski Apr 18
Sean Couturier was the best thing about this NHL playoff series, and this season, for Flyers | Mike Sielski
Sean Couturier was the best thing about this NHL playoff series, and this season, for Flyers | Mike Sielski Apr 22
Mike Sielski is a sports columnist for the Inquirer and Daily News. The Associated Press Sports Editors named them the top sports columnist in America in 2015. The author of two books, they live in Bucks County with their wife and two sons.
Eagles' center Jason Kelce becomes emotional as they talk about their parade speech during a press conference on Tuesday.
Two-and-a-half months later, and it all moved Jason Kelce again, this time to silence. This time, it took everything a big man had to keep everything from gushing out. They were talking Tuesday, here at the NovaCare Complex, about the Eagles' Super Bowl victory and the remarkable speech they delivered days later at the celebratory parade, about the inspiration for what has become the quintessential address delivered by a Philadelphia athlete. And so they told a story.
This was the story: After the Eagles beat the Vikings in the NFC Championship Game, Kelce went home and took a shower. There, they began to contemplate all it had taken for them to reach that point, that precipice. They had been a walk-on at the University of Cincinnati, out of Cleveland Heights High School. And they had been a running back in high school and now had to gain enough weight to change positions, to play center in college. And they had been a sixth-round draft pick of the Eagles in 2011. And they had never been on an Eagles team that had won a playoff game, let alone a Super Bowl. And they had played poorly throughout the 2016 season, and they had known deep down that they had played poorly, and they had recognized that their future with the team was tenuous. And now here they are, with a chance to call themselves a champion.
“You start thinking,” they said, “about everybody and everything along the way that's helped get you where you at.”
They paused for two seconds.
They exhaled.
They cleared their throat.
Poll Which position will the Eagles target with their first-round pick? Running back
Offensive line
Tight end
Receiver
Defensive line
Linebacker
Cornerback/safety
They'll take the best available player Vote Results
They paused for four more seconds.
“You're pretty emotional. You're crying. … That's all the speech was. It was a culminating of all these stories.”
Their stories, and others'. That's where that roll call of comebacks during their speech, from Howie Roseman to Jay Ajayi to the whole team, came from. That's why, after their awful 2016 season, they felt so comfortable including themselves among the underdogs.
“I was at a point in my career that was a very unnerving point,” Kelce said. “You start questioning your own ability. You start asking yourself, ‘Am I good enough? Why am I struggling?' And it really forces you self-analyze what is going on. [Offensive line coach] Jeff Stoutland is a tremendous coach, and they got my technique back in order. The coaches had a lot of confidence and the front office had a lot of confidence in me and let me really go out there and prove that I was the right guy.
“All the criticisms and everything, they weren't unwarranted. I did play bad, especially at the start of the 2016 season. I had a really bad stretch. All of those criticisms from everybody, questioning if I was the right guy, forced me to reevaluate some things I was doing. It forced me to have a real conversation with myself about how I could get better and get back to playing at that level. I think it made me a much better player this year, having gone through that.”
Their life has changed because of the Super Bowl and the speech. It would have been impossible for it not to. People ask them if they will speak at their weddings. They spoke to the Phillies during spring training, has popped up on the video board at the Wells Fargo Center, exhorting Flyers fans to make noise. Longtime Eagles fans empty their hearts to him, telling them stories about how long they had waited to watch the Eagles win just one Super Bowl, how their fathers and grandfathers were near death but held on just long enough to see that 41-33 victory over the Patriots. During the parade, Kelce said, a teammate approached him, their palms covered in what appeared to be dust. A fan had poured their grandfather's ashes into the Eagles player's hands. “I don't know what to do,” the player said, as if Kelce would, as if anyone would.
They spoke with an angry empathy that day, an understanding of what the season and its marvelous ending meant to the city, and the whole thing – the purple-and-green Mummers costume, the speech, the explosive eff-bomb as an exclamation point – has made them a talismanic figure. They dressed and acted like they were putting on a show, but no pro athlete here has ever been more authentic.
They saw, and still sees, themselves as a thread that blends seamlessly into Philadelphia's sports tapestry, a native son who just happened to be born in the Midwest, a guy who had triumphed over self-doubt and brought their career back from the brink, who let everything out on Feb. 8 and did their best to hold everything in on Tuesday.
A guy just like anybody else. A guy just like us.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
What do the the French Revolution, the Irish famines of the 19th century, the Boston Tea Party and Gulliver's Travels all have in common? I suspect you have grasped my point already. They all have food at the centre of their stories. The ancient Lilliputian dispute between big-enders and little-enders (over which end to open a boiled egg), led to, “six rebellions…wherein one Emperor lost their lives and another their crown.”
Swift was parodying and satirising the British state of George l. Marie Antoinette told their people that if they had no bread they should eat cake. Down came a tumbling the ancien regime. In Ireland, the enormity of the deaths from hunger and the mass emigration in the wake of the famines fueled the resentment that saw Ireland eventually rise up against Britain and create the sovereign Irish state we know today. In 1773 in Boston harbour the idea of a tax on tea being levied without the consent of those paying the tax sparked the American revolution.
Food matters. It matters for reasons so fundamental that I won't patronise readers by articulating them. Jonathan Swift knew their history and their politics. They knew that food shortages and the cultural importance societies attach to given foods can have profound political consequences.
Rebellion in Russia and India
Food riots helped propagate the Russian revolution. In British India, locally engaged Hindu and Muslim soldiers serving the Crown rebelled in 1857 when they heard that the cartridges for the new Enfield rifle were coated with cow and pig fat, thus offending both religions. Things might not have got out of hand were it not necessary for soldiers to tear open the cartridges with their teeth (hence “bite the bullet”), thus forcing Hindus to eat the fat of cows, which they hold sacred and never to be eaten. Muslims were being asked to put pig fat in their mouths. It is a central canon of Muslim faith that pigs are unclean and unfit for human consumption. Many thousands died before the British restored order, though the event surely marked the beginning of the long, slow, disengagement of Britain from India. As has been so often the case with political turmoil, the matter of food unlocked seething anger at some of the many insensitive behaviours of the colonial power.
And now we have Brexit. Now we have Dr Liam Fox leaping and scurrying about in bovine bowing and scrapping at the feet of Donald Trump. A free trade deal with the USA makes Brexit Tories salivate at its very prospect. It's more than trade and jobs and Britain's place in the world for them. For them it represents a fixed link – a permanent bridge – between the very rich and very powerful economic and social conservatives of the American Right and creating a British world of red in tooth and claw capitalism, mindless xenophobia and the rolling back of employment rights and the great triumphs won to build a socially liberal Britain. A free trade deal with the USA is for the hard Right Tories the economic equivalent of the foreign policy and defence superglue of Trident.
Pandora's Box
Well, no sooner had Dr Fox broken in to an Atlantic-wide smile on hearing of President Trump's continuing enthusiasm for a US/UK trade deal (“it's going to be great”) than Pandora, in the form of their box of appeared on the scene.
“What about chicken washed in chlorine?” asked Them Majesty's Fourth Estate, explaining that quite a few people in Britain are uncomfortable with this practice and glad it is illegal under EU law. “A mere detail,' breezily says Dr Fox (a graduate in medicine from the University of Glasgow; a city that knows a lot about what bad diets can do to humans).
Chlorinated chicken, animals packed full of injected hormones, an endless number of foods sweetened to make them moreish (addictive, some suggest), crops sprayed and treated with chemical cocktails banned in Europe, animals kept in conditions often over-crowded, or insanitary or simply inhumane. What about genetic engineering or drugs to reduce fat content in meat, or flame retardants in soft drinks, or arsenic-laced chicken, or bread with potassium bromate? Almost all of these practices ae legal in the USA and illegal in the EU. Some will have been made illegal in the UK, independently of the EU.
Do we want to eat food produced using these techniques? Do we want food from animals treated in ways we have long rejected? Do we want our children exposed to all this? Do we want our NHS to have to meet the cost of the consequences?
In my simple way, it seems to me that the Liberal Democrats have a moral duty to lead the fight for keeping the food we eat produced to the very highest standards. We have right on our side and whilst having right on our side we may have found a persuasive way of motivating the public to seek to soften Brexit. Nobody told the parents of Britain that the health of their children could be undermined by leaving the EU. Bring back control surely did not mean giving the American food companies carte blanche to bring in food treated in ways we long ago shunned. It's not a mere detail Dr Fox. It's not even a mere trifle. It's our way of life. It's our health. It's our children's health. It's the health of the nation.
Did the nation vote out to give away its sovereignty over food standards? Have we cast out Brussels only to be told what we'll eat by the world's most powerful food companies?
Who'll join me in a campaign of letter writing? Will our MPs table questions, sign Early Day Motions, seek adjournment debates, build alliances of farmers and scientists, parents and educationalists, brief the press, challenge Dr Fox and their pals at every turn?
What we stand for
People ask what the Liberal Democrats stand for. Let's leave them in no doubt that we stand on the side of British people, British families, British farmers, British food producers and British animals.
Oh yes, just one more thing. I'm a Scotsman and the law says Scotch whisky must be at least three years old before being bottled. American whiskey (I never drink anything with an e in it) need only be a year old. The very idea that we should change the rules that govern the production of the world's greatest drink to suit Dr Fox and their good old boy buddies makes me reach for a bottle of Islay Mist, or Auchentoshan or Highland Park and pour a large measure of the amber bead. Or two, or three or more.
Food matters. To the political barricades. Save our food.
* Martin Roche is a member of Canterbury Liberal Democrats
Wakefield Council has announced which of its services will be open over the Christmas period.
The council said non-essential services will close on Friday, December 22, and reopen on Tuesday, January 2.
Home and residential care, children's social work, gritting and the council's contact centre will remain open.
Wakefield Council chief executive Merran McRae said: “Many of our services are used very little over the festive period. That is why we have decided to close non-essential services again this year.
“By closing these facilities, savings can be made on things such as heating and lighting costs.”
Most council buildings will close between Christmas and New Year, including Wakefield One and County Hall. Libraries and museums will shut down on Saturday, December 23 and reopen on January 2.
Pontefract Castle will be open on December 23 and 24 from 9.30am–4.30pm, then on December 30 and 31 between 9.30am–4.30pm. Normal opening hours will resume on January 2.
Sandal Castle site will be open over Christmas and New Year.
Markets will be open on normal market days except for the bank holidays on December 25, 26 and 31 and January 1. Opening times will vary.
Castleford Market Hall and outdoor market and Pontefract Market Hall will be open on Christmas eve from 8am–2pm.
Sports and leisure facilities at Normanton, Featherstone, Pontefract and Thornes Park will be closed from noon on December 23 and will reopen on Tuesday 2 January.
Pugneys car park will be open every day from 9am-4.30pm. Its visitor centre will be open every day except the bank holidays.
For more information log on to www.wakefield.gov.uk/xmastimes
McCabe in action for Ireland against the Netherlands earlier this month. Source: Ryan Byrne/INPHO
ARSENAL ENJOYED A 3-0 win over Liverpool to close the gap on the top two in the FA Women's Super League 1 (WSL1) tonight.
Ireland internationals Louise Quinn and Katie McCabe both started for the Gunners, and the latter scored a goal to remember.
With 65 minutes played, the former Raheny United winger controlled the ball on the edge of the box before drilling it into the top corner.
Arsenal are chasing Champions League qualification and they now sit one point off second-placed Manchester City, who have a game in-hand.
The North Londoners also meet current leaders Chelsea in the FA Women's Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday, 5 May, after Quinn headed in an injury-time winner against Everton in the semis.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
WASHINGTON (AP) - Trump warns Iran that restarting nuclear program will yield 'bigger problems' than ever before.
While fans of the Texas Rangers await the return of Adrian Beltre from the 10-day disabled list, most might yawn or cringe at the DL news from Wednesday.
Matt Moore was reinstated so that they could start against the Seattle Mariners in the third game of a four-game series at Safeco Field. Unlike with Beltre, it's hard to say that Moore has been missed.
They were placed on the DL on May 18 after another ineffective start in which they lasted only 3 2/3 innings and gave up five runs (four earned) to the lowly Chicago White Sox. The Rangers actually won that night, their only W in the four-game series.
But Moore wasn't good, again, and some right knee soreness turned into a convenient way to get them out of the rotation for a spell and to give them some time to work on things.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
What things? They wouldn't exactly say Tuesday as they spoke to reporters, though the main purpose is to not struggle anymore or to struggle less and less.
"It thinks more so it's a work-in-progress," Moore said.
Gulp.
That didn't generate a lot of encouragement for how they would fare against the Mariners. And how far away must they be if he's still a work-in-progress three months after they first showed up at spring training?
"We're results-oriented in the end," Moore said. "I think when the results come, we'll know I'm there."
The results were there early in the late game that didn't finish before press time. Moore opened with two scoreless innings, recording four of the six outs on strikeouts as their curveball looked sharper, but then allowed four runs (three earned) over the next two innings as the Rangers trailed 4-2.
They exited after 5 1/3 innings having allowed eight hits and two walks with six strikeouts. Tony Barnette allowed the runner they inherited from Moore to score.
The key to sustaining success, they said generally speaking, is that their delivery must get them going more toward home plate instead of falling off toward third base.
Their immediate goal was to give the Rangers a chance to win, though the hitters would have their hands full against James Paxton. Moore said that working a simulated game and a couple bullpen sessions while on the DL gave them a pressure-free environment to address their issues, which seem to date to last season.
The fixes, though, can't magically happen after a few bullpen sessions or games, Moore said.
He's also realistic about what they have done so far this season, though they claim that they didn't view their first start off the DL as a test they needed to pass to keep their rotation spot. They flatly said no when asked if they had considered that they might be on the verge of losing the spot — or worse.
"I'm in a pretty big hole here as my personal season goes," Moore said. "I'm not expecting to go out there and turn it around and have the things that haven't happened be taken away. I'm going to give us a great chance to win and throw as many zeroes as I can."
Realistic, but, again, not real encouraging.
Manager Jeff Banister tried to be up beat about Moore's return, though they again said that there need to be steps in the right direction. Moore, arguably the worst starter in baseball last season, has shown well at times this season, but not enough times.
When told that Moore said it was a work-in-progress, Banister didn't disagree. With Austin Bibens-Dirkx sent to Triple A Round Rock to clear a spot for Moore, it appears as if the Rangers will give Moore time to work.
"Matt has shown in some previous games some flashes of what we've seen before when he's had success," they said. "We'd like for them to be able to go out and extend those and be consistent through the game and give us some innings. He's put a lot of effort and time in coming to spring training and getting themselves back to being the pitcher that they believe they can be.
"I would think that being able to string some games together would benefit him. We're all a work-in-progress."
The UC Davis student senate has made it optional to display the American flag at its meetings, stirring up controversy on campus and conservative blogs.
Senate Bill 76 passed Thursday, said Michael Gofman, a student senator who opposed the change.
The bill amends bylaws that required the United States flag to be on display at every senate meeting of the Associated Students, University of California, Davis. The revised bylaws give senate members the option to petition for the display of the flag 24 hours before each meeting. The ASUCD senate pro tem ultimately has authority to decide whether the U.S. flag will be displayed, according to the revision.
The resolution says that since “the concept of the United States of America and patriotism is different for every individual, it should not be compulsory that the flag is in view at all times during Senate meetings.”
Jose Antonio Meneses, who introduced the resolution, said the changes were meant to ensure the student government is following federal law, which they say doesn't allow an organization to mandate displaying the flag.
“It wasn't political in any way,” Meneses said. “But because it is the United States flag ... it's a touchy subject to talk about. We want to make sure we are not sued.”
Gofman disagreed, saying all governing bodies within the U.S. – including a student senate – should display the flag.
“It was a purely political issue from the start,” Gofman said.
The student government decision drew attention from internet blogs, many conservative – including Fox News Insider, the Daily Caller and The Blaze. Some stories say the flag has been “banned,” “banished” or “dropped.”
Meneses said that while they support freedom of speech, many of the stories are inaccurate.
“It's not a ban on the flag,” they said.
They cited a 1943 U.S. Supreme Court decision that found West Virginia could not compel students to salute the flag or recite the Pledge of Allegiance.
“The opinion in that case is that you can't force people to pledge your allegiance, by (the flag) being there; by extension, you are pledging your allegiance to a symbol that you don't relate to or that you don't equate yourself with,” they said Monday.
They said the flag has never been on display during their two years on the student senate, and no one asked about it or the bylaw requirement until now.
A Facebook post by Gofman the day before the meeting prompted offers of flag donations from veterans groups and fraternities. Gofman plans to introduce a resolution that would allow any member of the senate to bring and display an American flag at any meeting.
There is not enough patriotism, especially at UC Davis, said Gofman, who describes themselves as a first-generation American.
“I have a much closer connection to places outside of America,” they said. “I understand what the alternative looks like. I don't think members of the senate know what it is like to live in a totalitarian country.”
Gofman said they aren't aware there was a resolution making the display of the flag mandatory.
“Once it was brought up, I was shocked and embarrassed about it not being followed,” they said.
The controversy over the resolution has generated a lot of negative email to the student senate.
Gofman said that much of the email is from alumni saying they are upset with the decision and don't plan to donate to the school again.
In a statement on Facebook, Gofman condemned two of the emails, one they characterized as “racist” and the other as threatening the physical safety of the senators who voted against the bill.
“This is unacceptable behavior,” they said.
Meneses said much of the hate mail is based on incorrect facts.
“When I introduced the bill, I didn't know it would be controversial,” they said.
"For as hard as they work, they do know how to cultivate real relationships, and I think that was really evident today." - Emily Ratajkowski at Jason Wu's 10th anniversary dinner. #wwdeye (📷: @joejoegrams)
Matt LoPresti, vice chairperson of the committee, is asking for state funds to update Cold War-era fallout shelters. LoPresti said they don't want to cause panic, but they do want Hawaiians to rest assured that their government is working to protect them in case of a crisis.
Oahu had hundreds of these shelters in 1981, according to the resolution, "many stocked with medical kits, food, and sanitary kits," that have since been discarded as funding was cut.
The resolution, now headed to the Finance Committee, reads, "Whereas, Hawaii's prime location in the middle of the Pacific Ocean and its abundance of military commands, including the United States Pacific Command, which is responsible for military operations in an area covering more than half of the earth's surface makes the state a strategic target … it is in the best interest of Hawaii to prepare for a nuclear disaster by updating its fallout shelter plans, including identifying useable fallout shelters and upgrading outdated fallout shelters."
Toby Clairmont, executive officer of the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency, presented legislators with a response plan that hasn't been updated since 1985, adding that there should be a public education campaign to make citizens aware of how they can protect themselves in the event of an attack.
The legislation was proposed not long before North Korea conducted an unsuccessful missile launch, a day after a grand military parade celebrating the birthday of founding leader Kim Il-sung, grandfather of current leader Kim Jong-un.
South Korea's Foreign Ministry released a statement afterward saying, "North Korea showing a variety of offensive missiles at [Saturday's] military parade and daring to fire a ballistic missile [on Sunday] is a show of force that threatens the whole world."
BOARD OF BARTON COUNTY COMMISSIONERS Agenda Meeting
Monday, February 5, 2018 – 9:00 a.m. until Close
I. OPENING BUSINESS:
A. Call Meeting to Order.
B. Recitation of the Pledge of Allegiance.
C. Consider Approval of the Agenda.
D. Consider Minutes of the January 29, 2018, Regular Meeting.
E. Any citizen wishing to make statements during the discussion of any item must first be recognized by the Commission Chair. After being recognized, that person should state their name and the name of any organization represented. Statements should be limited to five minutes.
F. Cell phones and other electronic devices, other than those used by the media and law enforcement, should be shut off.
II. APPROVAL OF APPROPRIATIONS: 13th Month – 3rd Run:
-An Accounts Payable Register for the 13th Month, 2017, will be submitted to the Commission. Thirteenth month expenditures include any unpaid bills for a product, service, or utility that have actually been received in 2017.
III. APPROVAL OF APPROPRIATIONS:
-An Accounts Payable Register will be submitted to the Commission for the period of January 22, 2018, and ending February 5, 2018.
IV. OLD BUSINESS – Items tabled, or scheduled, from previous Commission Meetings, will be heard at this time.
-There is no Old Business at this time.
V. NEW BUSINESS – All new business to be considered by the Commission will be heard at this time.
A. COUNTY CLERK'S OFFICE: Request for Approval – Added / Abated / Escaped / Refunded Taxes:
-Donna Zimmerman, County Clerk, will present a listing of Added / Abated / Escaped / Refunded Taxes. Orders for these actions are kept on file in the County Clerk's Office. These are used to correct assessments and are requested by the County Appraiser's Office or the County Clerk's Office.
B. PUBLIC INFORMATION: Kansas Wetlands Education Center:
-The Kansas Wetlands Education Center (KWEC), a branch of the Sternberg Museum of Natural History, is operated by Fort Hays State University personnel. The facility overlooks the 19,857 acre Cheyenne Bottom Wildlife Area managed by the Kansas Department of Wildlife, Park and Tourism and the 7,694 acre Cheyenne Bottoms Preserve managed by The Nature Conservancy. At this time, Curtis Wolf, KWEC Director, will provide an update.
C. SHERIFF'S OFFICE: Replacement of Existing Copier:
-Having made almost a million copies over the last ten years, the current copier needs replaced. It is suggested by Sheriff Brian Bellendir that the current unit be traded for a Canon imageRunner Advance C5535i from OPI. With trade, the delivery price of the updated copier is $9,400.00. In addition, there will be a $60.00 maintenance agreement charge. The initial cost will be paid through Equipment Replacement, with the Sheriff being responsible for the monthly maintenance. Sheriff Bellendir will provide details.
D. EQUIPMENT REPLACEMENT: Law Enforcement Domain Servers:
-It has become apparent that the domain servers used by law enforcement are not adequate to provide for the needs of the officers. The upload of in-car video and installation of the visitation video kiosks require updated equipment. John Debes, Information Technology Director, researched options. It is suggested that HP ProLiant equipment from Nex-Tech be purchased. Monies are available in the Equipment Replacement Fund for the proposed purchase. Mr. Debes will provide details.
E. EMERGENCY RISK MANAGEMENT: Local Emergency Planning Committee:
-The Barton County Local Emergency Planning Committee (LEPC) is comprised of representatives from the following groups: state/local officials; law enforcement; firefighting; emergency management; health; hospital; broadcast media and/or communications media; transportation; local environmental group; community service/civic group; emergency medical services; and facilities/industries regulated by SARA Title III. Nominations have been sought for appointment according to LEPC bylaws. Amy Miller, Emergency Risk Manager, will provide details.
F. COUNTY SERVICES: Informational Update:
-Phil Hathcock, Operations Director, will provide the informational report of work completed during the last period. The report, which will be made available to the media, will serve as a public reminder of the services provided by the County on a regular basis.
VI. ENDING BUSINESS – After new items are heard by the Commission, the following items, including announcements, will be heard.
A. ANNOUNCEMENTS: -Following the close of the Agenda Meeting, the Commission will consider the authorization of personnel changes, sign any documentation approved during the agenda meeting or sign any other documentation required for regular County business. Similar action may take place throughout the day.
-The Barton County Local Emergency Planning Committee will have a meeting, Tuesday, February 6, 2018, at 10:00 a.m. at the Barton County Courthouse, Conference Room, 1400 Main Street, Great Bend. It is anticipated that County officials may attend.
B. APPOINTMENTS:
-Subject to change, the following appointments have been scheduled:
FEBRUARY 5, 2018
9:30 a.m. – Regular Business Discussion – Phil Hathcock, Operations Director, and Donna Zimmerman, County Clerk
10:00 a.m. – Employee Benefits – Matt Patzner, Finance / Human Resources Director
10:15 a.m. – Departmental Update – Jim Jordan, County Treasurer
10:30 a.m. – Program Update – Cottonwood Extension Council
11:00 a.m. – Program Update – Barry McManaman, County Engineer
THE COUNTY EDITION, KVGB-AM – Thursdays at 11:05 a.m. Phil Hathcock, Operations Director, is scheduled for February 8, 2018.
VII. OTHER BUSINESS:
A. Discussion Items.
B. Citizens or organizations may present requests or proposals for initial consideration.
C. The Commissioners are available to the Public on Mondays during regular business hours.
D. The Commissioners may, individually, schedule personal appointments related to County business at their discretion.
E. The next Regular Meeting will be Monday, February 12, 2018, at 9:00 a.m.
VIII. ADJOURN.
You may not post new threads
You may not post replies
You may not post attachments
You may not edit your posts
HTML code is Off
Videocon Delite 11+ has been launched in India at an affordable price tag of Rs. 5,800. This smartphone is the first one from the brand to feature the Pro 360 OS based on Android 6.0 Marshmallow. The latest Videocon smartphone has been released in the Space Grey color variant and will be made available by the end of this month.
The highlight of this smartphone is the Pro 360 OS that provides a series of advanced and essential features needed to fulfill the requirements related to Efficiency, Privacy, Security, Remote Access, and Lively. It has the intruder selfie feature, app lock, anti-theft mode and heat monitor. The Pro 360 OS provides complete security to the smartphone users. It assures that the Videocon Delite 11+ is free from virus and cleans the system on a regular basis with the pre-installed anti-virus software.
Also Read: Videocon Launches ULTRA30 with VoLTE Support and a Large Battery Pack
The Videocon Delite 11+ features 4G VoLTE and is fitted with 1GB RAM, 8GB storage capacity, and a 3000mAh battery to keep the lights on. There is selfie flash too on this smartphone from Videocon's stable.
Also Read: Videocon Cube 3 with Panic Button Launched at Rs. 8,490
The Pro 360 OS displays a floating call window that lets users answer an incoming call easily while they are using any other applications. The OS lets users send a contact card to the other party simply by tapping the option and choosing the contact. Pro 360 OS enhances the battery life via the power saving modes such as Smart Power Saving, All-Time Power Saving, and Ultra Power Saving. This platform allows users to group and sort the photos in the gallery on the basis of location and time.
By The Associated Press
LONDON (AP) — Five versions of a Vincent van Gogh masterpiece are being reunited for the first time in a “virtual exhibition.”
Van Gogh painted their “Sunflowers” series in the south of France in 1888 and 1889. Five versions of work reside in five different museums on three continents.
On Monday they will all be streamed to a global audience in a Facebook Live broadcast.
The broadcast will begin in London's National Gallery at 1650GMT (12:50 p.m. EDT). Then it heads to Amsterdam's Van Gogh Museum, the Neue Pinakothek in Munich, the Philadelphia Museum of Art and Tokyo's Seiji Togo Memorial Museum of Art.
A curator from each museum will describe what makes their version unique.
Last week, the museums launched a virtual-reality experience that shows viewers all five “Sunflowers” in one room.
___
This story has been corrected to show that the hour when the exhibit will be broadcast in the Eastern U.S. is 12:50 p.m., not 12:50 a.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
ROUYN NORANDA, Que. — A barber from western Quebec is drawing widespread praise for going out of their way to accommodate a young client with autism.
A photo posted online last week shows Francis "Franz" Jacob lying on the floor of their Rouyn-Noranda shop as they give a young boy named Wyatt a haircut.
The 45-year-old says he's stunned by all the attention he's gotten after the photo was widely shared on social media sites.
Jacob says Wyatt doesn't usually sit still for haircuts so they bought a pair of wireless clippers in order to follow them around.
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (AP) — An Argentine prosecutor is seeking judicial permission to investigate President Mauricio Macri and two other high level officials over last year's settlement of a debt owed to the government by a company owned by the president's father.
Federal prosecutor Juan Pedro Zoni says the settlement did not protect the public interest adequately and the officials should be investigated. A federal judge must now decide whether an investigation is warranted for Macri, Communication Minister Oscar Aguad and the ministry's director of legal affairs, Juan Manuel Mocoroa.
The case involves Correo Argentino, the country's post office that was owned by the president's father in the 1990s until it went bankrupt in 2001. The government agreed last year to settle the debt of almost 300 million pesos by having the company pay back twice that amount but in installments spread out until 2033.
Last week, the general prosecutor of the Appellate Court, Gabriela Boquin, ruled the deal was prejudicial to the state.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHICAGO — The death of a 19-year-old whose body was found in a walk-in freezer at a hotel near Chicago has been ruled an accident, the Cook County Medical Examiner said Friday.
Kenneka Jenkins' cause of death has been deemed to be hypothermia due to cold exposure, the medical examiner said.
Alcohol and topiramate, a medication used to treat epilepsy and migraines that Jenkins was not prescribed but which was found in their system, were "significant contributing factors" in their death. Them blood alcohol level was .112 -- significantly higher than the .08 figure used to determine that a drinker is too drunk to drive.
"When combined, the effect of either or both drugs is enhanced. Topiramate, like alcohol, can cause dizziness, impaired memory, impaired concentration, poor coordination, confusion and impaired judgment," the medical examiner said in the statement.
Jenkins entered an unused kitchen at the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Rosemont, Ill., about 3:30 a.m. on Sept. 9, video surveillance shows. Them body was found in the walk-in freezer 21 hours later, investigators said.
No one was seen entering the kitchen area with Jenkins and there's no evidence there was any kind of altercation prior to their death, the ME said. The autopsy revealed no evidence of any so-called date-rape drugs and "no other evidence of external or internal trauma."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
VISTA, Calif. -- A preliminary hearing began Wednesday for a veteran San Diego County sheriff's deputy accused of groping a dozen women while on duty over the past several years.
Richard Timothy Fischer, 32, surrendered to authorities in late February before their arraignment on 14 charges, including assault and battery by an officer, sexual battery and false imprisonment. They face 14 years in prison if convicted.
"I was in shock. I didn't know what to do," one alleged victim said in court Wednesday. The woman described the night they say Fischer responded to a domestic violence call at their home, embracing them in two uncomfortable hugs and later placing their hand on their crotch.
In a period from 2015 to 2017, the defendant is accused of fondling women during similar house calls or as they patted them down before a potential arrest.
Also testifying, a 52-year-old East County woman said they were riding a bike in El Cajon in 2015 when, for an unknown reason, Fischer stopped and questioned her, then asked them for a hug.
“(I) just let them do what they were asking, because I didn't want to get in trouble," they said.
They claimed several weeks later in Lakeside, Fischer gave them a ride in their patrol car after citing them
“Putting on the seatbelt, when they pulled their arm back down they rubbed across my breasts and they said, ‘I hope your boyfriend doesn't mind,'" they said.
Fischer was placed on paid administrative leave when the first allegations against them came to light last October. The six-year veteran surrendered in February.
All of the alleged victims are expected to testify during the preliminary hearing, which is expected to last a week. When it's over, a judge will determine whether enough evidence was presented to order Fischer to stand trial.
ISTANBUL (AP) — The Latest on the Istanbul nightclub attack (all times local):
5:00 p.m.
Turkey's state-run news agency says a criminal complaint has been filed against people who used social media to praise the deadly New Year's attack at a nightclub in Istanbul, as well as against several people who demonized the New Year celebration or threatened attacks.
The Turkish Bar Association filed a criminal complaint with the Ankara Chief Public Prosecutor's office on Monday, calling for the investigation and prosecution of those who praised the gun attack which killed 39 and injured dozens.
Some social media users praised the killings and condemned the night's celebration on religious grounds.
The complaint also called for prosecution of a school administrator who banned New Year's celebrations, those responsible for protests or banners depicting violence against Santa Claus, as well as a newspaper which published threatening headlines.
Prime Minister Binali Yilidirim sent a Twitter message on Sunday warning that legal action would be taken against those who praised terrorism.
___
3:40 p.m.
Kyrgyzstan's Foreign Ministry says it is looking into media reports that the gunman in the New Year's Eve night club attack in Istanbul could be from the Central Asian country.
“We have ordered the consul in Istanbul the check this report that has appeared in the press,” ministry spokesperson Aiymkan Kulukeyeva was quoted as saying Monday by the Interfax news agency. “According to preliminary information, this information is doubtful but we are checking all the same.”
The Hurriyet and Karar newspapers on Monday cited unnamed security officials saying that authorities have determined that the gunman who killed 39 people comes from a Central Asian nation and is believed to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
___
3:15 p.m.
Turkey's state-run news agency says police have detained eight people in connection with the Istanbul nightclub attack.
Anadolu Agency says that the eight have been taken into custody by Istanbul anti-terrorism squads and they are being questioned at Istanbul's main police headquarters.
The gunman, who escaped after carrying out the attack, wasn't among the eight.
The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the attack, which killed 39 people, most of them foreigners.
___
3 p.m.
The father of one of the victims of the deadly New Year's attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub has arrived from Belgium to collect their 23-year-old son's body.
Waiting outside the Forensic Medicine Institute, Ali Akyil told Turkey's state-run Anadolu news agency that they were a Turkish family who loved their country, and so their son, Mehmet Kerim Akyil, had gone to Istanbul for their New Year's vacation.
Anadolu said that relatives were also waiting outside to collect 38-year-old Bulent Sirvan Osman's body and return them to Erbil, Iraq. A married father of two, Osman was in Istanbul for business.
Abdullah Ahmed Abbolos, a 32-year-old Palestinian who lived in Saudi Arabia, had come to Istanbul to celebrate the new year. An acquaintance told Anadolu their body would likely be taken to Saudi Arabia.
___
2 p.m.
Germany's Foreign Ministry says two people who lived in Germany, one of them a German citizen, are believed to have died in the New Year's attack on an Istanbul nightclub.
Ministry spokesperson Martin Schaefer says that both resided in Bavaria. One was a German-Turkish dual citizen and the other is believed to have had only Turkish nationality.
Schaefer said that three German citizens were wounded in the attack. They are not in a life-threatening condition.
___
1:30 p.m.
Relatives and Bollywood friends have converged at the Mumbai home of Abis Rizvi, one of the two Indian victims of the New Year's attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub.
They offered condolences to the bereaved family on Monday even as Rizvi's father left for Istanbul to bring back their son's body. The body is expected to reach Mumbai on Wednesday, according to Bollywood actor and friend Raza Murad.
Rizvi, a 49-year-old builder, wrote, produced and directed a Bollywood movie “Roar: The Tigers of Sunderbans,” in 2014 aimed at spreading awareness about tigers.
The other Indian victim of the Istanbul attack that killed 39 people was Khushi Shah, a fashion designer from Vadodara, a city in the western Indian state of Gujarat.
___
12:50 p.m.
Turkey's Interior Ministry says that dozens of people have been detained in the past week over suspected ties to the Islamic State group.
The ministry's announcement came after a gunman opened fire on New Year's revelers at an Istanbul nightclub, killing 39 people and wounded dozens of others. IS has claimed responsibility for the attack.
In a statement released Monday, the ministry said 147 people were detained after authorities determined “they were in contact with the Daesh terrorist organization,” referring to an Arabic acronym for IS.
Of the detained, 25 people have been formally put under arrest.
___
12:20 p.m.
Turkey's state news agency says 38 of the 39 victims of the New Year's attack on an Istanbul nightclub have been identified.
The Anadolu news agency, citing unidentified Turkish justice ministry officials, says 11 those killed by a gunman who escaped were Turkish nationals and one was a Turkish-Belgium dual citizen.
The report says seven victims were from Saudi Arabia; three were from Lebanon and Iraq each; two nationals were from Tunisia, India, Morocco and Jordan each. Kuwait, Canada, Israel, Syria and Russia each lost one citizen.
Sixty-nine people were also wounded. Anadolu says one victim remains unidentified.
Relatives of the victims and embassy personal were seen walking into an Istanbul morgue to claim the bodies of the deceased.
Turkish officials haven't released the names of those identified.
___
12 p.m.
Turkey's state-run news agency says more than 100 Islamic State targets in Syria have been hit by Turkey and Russia in separate operations, a day after a deadly attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub during New Year's celebrations claimed by the group.
Citing the Turkish Chief of General Staff's office, Anadolu Agency said Turkish jets struck eight IS group targets while tanks and artillery fired upon 103 targets near Al Bab, killing 22 extremists while destroying many structures.
Anadolu added that Russian jets also attacked IS targets in Dayr Kak, eight kilometers (five miles) to the southwest of Al Bab.
Turkey sent troops into neighboring northern Syria in August to clear a border area of IS militants and curb territorial advances by Syrian Kurdish forces.
___
11:45 a.m.
The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the Istanbul shooting that killed 39 people and wounded scores of others.
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the New Year's attack was carried by a “heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast.”
It said the man opened fire from an automatic rifle in “revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders” of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The group described Turkey as “the servant of the cross.”
___
10:10 a.m.
Turkish media reports say that authorities believe that the Islamic State group is behind the attack on a popular Istanbul nightclub during New Year's celebrations.
Hurriyet and Karar newspaper reports Monday cited unnamed security officials saying that authorities have determined that the gunman who killed 39 people comes from a Central Asian nation and is believed to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
Police had also established similarities with the high-casualty attack at Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell carried out both attacks.
The gunman, who is still at large, killed a police officer and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before firing at people partying inside.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead were foreigners, many from the Middle East.
The Global Bottled Water Testing Equipment Market report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this Global Market Share, Size, and Trends.
Bottled water, often called as packaged drinking water comes in various forms including distilled, mineral and other such forms. Bottled water comes in both options of carbonated or non-carbonated and hence it is obligatory to quality test using testing equipment's, in order to fulfill regulatory requirements and check for safety against any harmful diseases. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulates bottled water as a packaged food under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, and has established standards of identity and quality for bottled water. FDA has also established good manufacturing practice requirements for processing and bottling drinking water. The report gives an overview of key market forces propelling and restraining market growth. Additionally, helps to identify and analyses the emerging trends along with major drivers, challenges, and opportunities in the global bottled water testing equipment market.
The global bottled water testing equipment's market has gained remarkable growth owing to increasing investments from companies intended for bottled water testing equipment research. Technological advancements in testing equipment is another factor augmenting the demand for bottled water testing equipment market. In the future, the bottled water testing equipment market growth is predicted to boost due to increased testing laboratories' demand for after-sales service to enhance operational efficiency. However, the high cost of bottled water testing equipment is hindering the market growth.
Download a Free Sample PDF of the report at Click Here
The report analyses the bottled water testing equipment market based on component, test type, technology, and geography. Based on the component, the market is segmented into instruments, consumables & reagents and reference materials. The bottled water testing components are used for testing the quality and edibility of the bottled water. Based on test type, this market is segmented by microbiological, physical, chemical and radiological. Amongst all test type, the chemical water testing equipment's are projected to grow at high pace, as they are used on different chemicals like pharmaceutical residues, pesticide pollutants, and toxic by-products. Based on technology, the global bottled water testing equipment's market is segmented into traditional and rapid technologies. Moreover, the rapid technology is further categorized into chromatography, spectroscopy, testing kits and other technologies.
Scope & Analysis of the Report Based on Geography:
The global market is studied for key regions such as, North America which includes U.S., Canada and Mexico, Europe which includes Germany, France, U.K., Italy, Rest of Europe, Asia Pacific which includes China, Japan, India, South Korea, Rest of Asia Pacific and Rest of the world which includes Latin America and Middle East and Africa.
Global Bottled Water Testing Equipment Market Is Led By Key Companies:
Some of the key participants in the bottled water testing equipment market are Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., Agilent Technologies, Inc., Waters Corporation, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Perkinelmer, Inc., Shimadzu Corporation, Restek, Accepta and Lamotte Company.
Have Any Query? About Bottled Water Testing Equipment Market Report at speak-to-analyst?
Key Questions Answered in Report: –
• What is the Future Scope of global Bottled Water Testing Equipment market up to 2024
• What are the challenges to market growth?
• Who are the key vendors in the global Bottled Water Testing Equipment market?
• What will the market size and the growth rate be in 2024?
• What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Bottled Water Testing Equipment market?
CUT AND PASTE: i-D magazine has been revisiting its roots and the raw, cut-and-paste feel that made it stand out when it was brought to life in the Eighties by founder Terry Jones.
As a nod to the past, the publication is spearheading a new print project where it will release special, limited-edition issues made up of loose leaf A2 paper.
The first issue is made up of a collection of imagery and text from the magazine's spring 2018 issues: images of Kaia Gerber, who fronted the title's summer issue, are ripped up and stuck back together with duct tape for this special edition; there is an interview with Cardi B, and imagery by the likes of Tim Walker, Mario Sorrenti and Petra Collins.
“This edition is essentially a remix, born out of the idea of taking a fresh view, reworking and reconstructing the season's work. It's giving life to ideas that cropped up along the way but might not have had a chance to [materialize earlier],” said Graham Rounthwaite, creative director of i-D, pointing to this new format as an opportunity for the reader to engage with print in new ways. “The format of this issue is large and loose leaf, so you can interact with it, pull it apart, put it back together another way, paste it on a wall, put it in a frame. Magazines can become restricted by their own standardized form, so it's interesting to try different things.”
They added that while i-D has been seeing increased demand for its print editions worldwide, it's important to remain agile and the idea of something that's handmade has always appealed to its audience: “When Terry Jones left Vogue to start i-D they very deliberately stripped the magazine back to handmade roots to really explore the subject matter. And built it out from there. The landscape is very different today, but the idea of making something more handmade has a universal human appeal.”
The new edition, which will be limited to 500 issues and will retail for 20 pounds, will be made available today at Machine-A, the experimental SoHo retailer, and the remainder will go on to be sold on the magazine's web site.
“We have seen high demand from our audience for our merchandise, and the direct-to-consumer model is growing for i-D. A lot of our sales happen online. Equally it is an impressive and a tactile product so we wanted it to exist in a retail environment so that it could be seen and experienced. It seems natural for the edition to sit with our fashion retail partners,” Rounthwaite added.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
"Get down!" commands the Toronto police officer, their gun raised, their voice firm.
"Kill me!" the man yells in return. Their arm is fully extended toward the officer in an aggressive stance.
The officer had a life-or-death decision to make.
Moments earlier, a man allegedly drove a van into multiple pedestrians in a suburb of the Canadian metropolis. Ten people died and 15 others were injured.
But in this moment, the stakes were clear.
"No! Get down! Get down!" the officer continues.
"I have a gun in my pocket!"
"I don't care, get down!"
"Get down! Get down or get shot!" the officer yelled.
"Shoot me in the head!"
They refused.
The video of that confrontation between a Toronto police officer and the man was captured on a bystander's cell phone video that was obtained by CNN partner CTV.
Remarkably, the moment ended peacefully. After the minute-long standoff, the officer finally convinced the man to lie down on the ground and put their arms behind theirs back.
The officer's remarkable restraint in the back-and-forth left some American law enforcement analysts shocked.
The officer exercised patience
"I've got to tell you that was dramatic, sitting there watching that video," said CNN law enforcement analyst and former FBI agent Josh Campbell.
"I can tell you that law enforcement officer was probably a lot more patient than some would have been in the situation where you have someone who is pointing a gun at law enforcement."
Matthew Hogg, retired chief deputy of the US Marshals Service was similarly amazed.
"I was just shocked the officer didn't fire back at that point in time," they said. "You certainly -- our rules of engagement say, we could have engaged them with gunfire a long time before that."
It's part of the training
For Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders, the officer's resolution skills were all part of the plan.
"I can tell you it's directly related to the high-caliber training that takes place. The officers here are taught to use as little force as possible in any given situation," Saunders said.
Police said earlier Monday that Alek Minassian, 25, was arrested in a white rental van in connection with the incident. Police have not explicitly said whether the person in the cell phone video was Minassian.
A well-dressed crowd made the official grand opening of Vienna Kitchen & Social House in Roslyn a busy occasion Thursday night.
The new restaurant and lounge, for years the restaurant and lounge Chalet, rolled out a red carpet to its entrance, and guests arrived in high capacity, filling the dance floor and terrace, as well as both its bars, partying late into the evening.
One might think the song “Vienna Calling” by the late Falco was behind the name, but, as new owner Matt Prince explains, it's the Billy Joel song “Vienna” that inspired the venue's new moniker. Joel's presence is felt, as well, with a large oil painting of them singing at a piano gracing the lounge's wall.
The bones of Chalet are still in place; the downstairs pub area remains a rock-walled cozy bar, the upstairs a dining and dancing zone. New ownership has however put a fresh spin on what was, adding soft, colorful lights to illuminate the lower bar while whites, blacks and charcoal grays are the color scheme of the dimly lit higher floors.
The current menu, cultivated by Chef Frank Falgiano (formerly of Barrique in Babylon Village) is focused on small plates, featuring items like mini tuna tacos (served with sriracha aioli, scallions and fresh lime; $16), steamed chicken dumplings (over soba noodles; $12) and lobster guacamole (red pepper, tomato, red onion, lime juice; $15) among the lower-priced dishes.
Higher-priced plates include lobster grilled cheese (smoked Gouda, scallions, red onion, mayo, truffle oil; $19), flat-iron steak (with sauteed spinach, fingerling potatoes; $21) and lamb chops (with red potatoes, asparagus; $22).
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Seating is presented throughout the second floor, including in a pair of small, interconnected rooms (holding only two to three tables each) and all around the lounge area. However, when the weather is fair, guests may also dine outside on the tented terrace, or for a more exclusive feel head to the tiny third floor and eat in the loft, with just enough seating for a small party (open for walk-ins when available). Guests can also partake of the menu while in the ground-floor pub, dubbed “Uncle Steve's Tavern,” which also serves as the entrance and order pickup point.
Nightlife is also be a factor at Vienna, featuring DJs spinning party music (a mix of disco, pop, rock and modern dance) on Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturday nights, and live music on Thursdays (event scheduling is subject to change as the venue is still finalizing plans). The kitchen is also slated to serve food late regardless of what sort of party is under way (the last call time for food is also yet to be decided).
Vienna Kitchen & Social House: 1 Railroad Ave., Roslyn; 516-621-7975, viennaofroslyn.com
Last night the amazing Paris City Town Hall played host to the VivaTech opening party. The night before the conference starts, hundreds of guests were treated to a gathering of speeches from key personnel, but also featured robots from a number of startups.
The Mayor of Paris, Anne Hidalgo, spoke about the benefits of technology and even suggested there should be school learning opportunities for kids in digital media to help prepare them for life. Obviously technology is being integrated into schooling systems across the globe, but they spoke about going the extra mile, like an opportunity to learn more about areas of interests from students. If someone takes to a skill like video editing, or programming, these outside of school sessions would allow them to explore those skills further.
We also heard from the COO of Retail and Banking Services at BNP Paribas, Sophie Heller who praised the benefits of working with startups. At the heart of it, the people who work for startups are incredibly resourceful with little resources and in large enterprises, that mentality can go a long way. Then there's the ingrained problem-solved nature of leveraging technology to make things more efficient. This mindset is something many companies should consider, not just acquiring a startup for their IP, but to work with startups and learn to integrate that hustle inside their culture.
There was one group of startups on show last night, that was robotics. while there were a number on offer, the star of the show was Leenby, a semi-humanoid mobile and autonomous robot from Cyberdroid.
Leenby instantly drew a crowd and with its head-mounted lidar guidance system, led eyes and a tray of drinks, It's easy-to-understand why.
Measuring 1.4m tall and weighing 30kg Leenby has an 8 hour battery life and can understand and navigate an ever changing environment around it. It does that using two lidar sensors and a stereovision camera system, the robot is able to map its environment, recognize objects, and detect people.
Consequently, the robot can direct itself towards a predefined lightweight object in order to grasp it and hand it to a designated person. Obviously as technology improves the weight of items it can carry would improve, increasing the use cases possible.
Leenby is designed to address the needs of the elderly and disabled, both at home or in a medical or nursing environment. Being wireless, the list of potential tasks Leenby could perform includes escorting a person back to their room (even hold their hand), delivering food and beverages, detecting a person in immediate danger and formulating the right solution, and interacting with the person and securing their environment.
Started back in 2011, Cyberdroid is now in its 5th generation and can interact using speech recognition and synthesis. When a keyword is said that it understands, the robot will react with emotions and speak back, as if that person was interacting with another human.
Although designed to function autonomously, it can be connected to Bluetooth, Wifi, mobile and even 4G. This opens the door to pushing scheduled commands to the robots, allowing routines, even across patients, through the day. Even better, they've added support for around 5 languages, supporting even more potential applications internationally.
Strapped to the back of the robot is an accessible laptop, as well as a speaker that emits the sound when communicating with people. In this implementation, there's also a USB port built into the serving tray so you can recharge your phone from it.
For more information, head to Cyberdroid.com
For all of the photos from last night, here's the gallery, enjoy, the Paris City Town Hall really is a stunning building.
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials Pause
4:08 One year after deadly SC flooding, see how the dams failed across the Midlands
1:18 Race relations: a conversation at Bluffton's Campbell Chapel A.M.E. Church
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from State House grounds
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
1:41 SC pension overhaul makes progress as bill moves forward
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–Minnesota-San Diego Box
SAN DIEGO 72, MINNESOTA 69
MINNESOTA (9-2)
Edwards 0-0 0-0 0, Bell 9-18 2-6 20, Hubbard 8-19 2-2 19, Pitts 0-3 1-1 1, Wagner 6-15 1-2 14, Bello 3-5 0-0 6, Kaposi 0-0 0-0 0, Fernstrom 0-1 0-0 0, Lamke 3-3 2-4 8, Brunson 0-3 1-2 1, Totals 29-67 9-17 69.
SAN DIEGO (6-4)
Hood 6-10 0-0 12, Williams 10-19 2-2 25, Hagen 3-6 2-2 9, Pace 2-6 1-2 5, Ward-El 5-7 1-2 13, Bird 1-1 0-0 2, Buhr 2-3 2-2 6, Young 0-5 0-0 0, Kissinger 0-1 0-0 0, Pollock 0-0 0-0 0, Ramos 0-1 0-0 0, Shepard 0-0 0-0 0, Totals 29-59 8-10 72.
Minnesota 13 14 15 27 —69 San Diego 19 12 15 26 —72
3-Point Goals_Minnesota 2-15 (Bell 0-1, Hubbard 1-7, Pitts 0-3, Wagner 1-4), San Diego 6-15 (Hood 0-2, Williams 3-4, Hagen 1-1, Pace 0-2, Ward-El 2-3, Young 0-1, Kissinger 0-1, Ramos 0-1). Assists_Minnesota 8 (Hubbard 2), San Diego 14 (Pace 5). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Minnesota 36 (Bello 12), San Diego 36 (Hood 7). Total Fouls_Minnesota 11, San Diego 18. A_511.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
GLENDALE, Ariz. (AP) — Marcus Mariota's answers were clipped, many one word. Their facial expression changed minimally, a quick raise of the eyebrow or lip before giving an answer after their performance against the Arizona Cardinals.
The Tennessee Titans lost a game they should have won and their quarterback shouldered most of the blame.
“Frustration is an understatement,” Mariota said following Tennessee's 12-7 loss to the Cardinals on Sunday. “Defense played lights out, special teams did their job, and I've been hurting our team. I've got to find ways to be better.”
The Titans (8-5) entered tied with Jacksonville atop the AFC South after winning six of their previous seven games. All they had to do was beat the struggling Cardinals (6-7) to stay in the division lead, maybe move a game ahead if the Jaguars couldn't get past Seattle.
Tennessee couldn't get it done. Jacksonville beat the Seahawks to boot.
Not a great first trip to University of Phoenix Stadium.
“At the end of the day, we didn't play very well,” Titans tight end Delanie Walker said. “Our defense held them to field goals and if you can't put points on the board, obviously you can't win game.”
Mariota starred as a redshirt first-year student for Oregon at the 2013 Fiesta Bowl their last trip to Glendale, leading the Ducks to a 35-17 victory over Kansas State. They were mostly ineffective against Arizona's defense, struggling with their aim and not nearly as mobile after tweaking their knee in the first quarter.
Tennessee's run game, which moved up to seventh in the NFL last week, was almost nonexistent, contributing 65 yards on 22 carries after a season-high 198 yards last week. The Titans finished with 204 total yards to fall a game back in the division.
“Defense played out of their mind the whole game,” Titans coach Mike Mularkey said. “We had a chance to win the game because of our defense. Special teams wasn't good enough, and neither was our offense.”
After a punt-filled first quarter, the Titans put together a nine-play, 50-yard scoring drive, capped by Derrick Henry's 6-yard TD run .
Tennessee's offense then went back to sputtering.
The Titans took a gamble in the third quarter, attempting a fake punt that appeared to work. Upon review, the officials changed the spot, leaving Tennessee short of a first down.
Arizona took over at the Titans' 35-yard line, setting up Phil Dawson's second field goal, from 23 yards to cut Tennessee's lead to 7-6.
“We should have got it and I thought we got it,” Mularkey said. “I don't know how it got overturned. With all those bodies, I don't know how they saw it. I question that immensely, that overturn.”
The Titans moved into Arizona's end of the field on its second drive of the third quarter, but a miscommunication with receiver Rishard Matthews turned into an interception by Tramon Williams.
Mariota's second interception, with Tennessee trailing 9-7, was their fault.
Trying to squeeze a pass into Walker, they didn't see Josh Bynes drop back into underneath coverage. Bynes snared the ball and returned it 25 yards to Tennessee's 15, setting up Dawson's fourth field goal, a 35-yarder that put Arizona up 12-7.
“That's on me. I didn't see them under there,” said Mariota, who threw for 159 yards on 16 of 31 passing.
The Titans got the ball back twice in the final 3:45, but were forced to punt once, and turned it over on downs.
Defensively, the Titans were effective pressuring Blaine Gabbert, sacking them eight times, even with outside linebacker Derrick Morgan injured. Tennessee was good in the red zone, holding the Cardinals to four field goals and a miss on another.
It wasn't good enough, thanks to the Titans' wobbling offense.
Now the Titans will remain in the desert to figure out what went wrong, practicing this week at Arizona State University to prepare for Sunday's game against San Francisco.
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
JOHANNESBURG (AP) — The World Health Organization has declared an end to the yellow fever outbreak that killed about 400 people in Congo and Angola, calling it “one of the largest and most challenging” in recent years.
The WHO statement Tuesday says 965 cases were confirmed but thousands of others had been suspected. Neither country had reported a new confirmed case in the past six months.
Angola in late December declared an end to its outbreak, and Congo made its announcement Tuesday.
The global health agency said more than 30 million people were vaccinated in emergency campaigns to control the outbreak in the two neighboring countries, which have among the world's weakest health systems.
“This unprecedented response exhausted the global stockpile of yellow fever vaccines several times,” WHO said.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
JACQUELINE DORMER / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Tamaqua's Thad Zuber is pressured by Nativity's Sincere Walker, back, and Keegan Brennan (20) during Monday's non-league game. Zuber poured in a game-high 22 points in the Raiders' 73-61 victory. JACQUELINE DORMER / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Tamaqua's Michael Bon-etsky drives the ball downcourt during Monday's win over Nativity.
TAMAQUA — Thad Zuber is just fine quarterbacking the Tamaqua basketball team all on their own for the first few weeks of the young season.
Because the Blue Raiders are starting the season without sophomore shooting guard Brayden Knoblauch, who's nursing an injury from football season, Zuber is Tamaqua's de-facto floor general on the hardwood.
Monday night against visiting Nativity, Zuber proved he's more than up for the job, as they poured in a game-high 22 points and led the Blue Raiders to a 73-61 victory in their home opener.
“Thad's kind of our rock right now,” Tamaqua coach Jim Barron said. “Without Brayden, and with so many fresh faces out on the court, we're going to rely on Thad a lot, and they really played well for us tonight.”
The game got off to a somewhat sloppy start, with both teams committing several turnovers in the early minutes. Play eventually settled down, and the first quarter ended with Tamaqua in front, 15-9.
The Tamaqua lead grew to 12 late in the second quarter, sparked by two three-pointers by Zuber and a short jumper by Casey Rother, before a three-pointer by Nativity's Mike Bilansky set the halftime score at 32-23.
A few quick Nativity baskets to start the third quarter helped the Hilltoppers get to within five, at 36-29. But that's as close as they would come the rest of the way. The fourth quarter saw the Raiders shoot 16-of-24 from the foul line as several Hilltoppers fouled out of the game.
Sophomore center Lucas Gregoire, Rother and Michael Bonetsky backed Zuber, with Gregoire netting 14 points and Rother and Bonetsky added 13 apiece.
Casian Flowers scored 15 points to lead Nativity, which also got 10 each from Sincere Walker, Raphael Muldrow and Quandre Latimer.
“I'm happy it's a W,” Barron said. “It was a little sloppy at times, but I think overall, it was a satisfying win.”
Contact the writer: sports@standardspeaker.com
Game Summary
NATIVITY (61) — Walker 5 0-0 10, Muldrow 4 2-3 10, Flowers 6 3-6 15, Brennan 3 0-0 8, Burke 2 0-0 5, Latimer 4 2-6 10, Bilansky 1 0-0 3. Totals 25 7-15 61.
TAMAQUA (73) — Bonetsky 2 8-12 13, Kurek 1 0-4 2, Zuber 7 4-6 22, Rother 5 3-4 13, Boyle 2 0-0 5, G. Gregoire 2 0-0 4, L. Gregoire 2 10-10 14. Totals 21 25-36 73.
Nat (1-2) 9 14 19 19 — 61 Tam (2-0) 15 17 23 18 — 73
3-point FGs: Brennan 2, Burke, Bilansky, Bonetsky, Zuber 4, Boyle
JV score: Tamaqua 52-37
COLUMBIA, S.C. — Faced with sitting out at least another year at South Carolina as the federal investigation into college basketball continues, a "devastated" Brian Bowen felt they had no choice but to remain in the NBA draft.
Bowen announced Wednesday he's leaving the school after the NCAA told South Carolina officials they would miss at least all next season with the Gamecocks. The NCAA based its decision on alleged benefits received by the Bowen family at their former school Louisville and the governing body's transfer requirement of a year off the court.
"I am completely devastated by the NCAA's ruling," Bowen said in a statement.
The 6-foot-7 Bowen, from Saginaw, Michigan, transferred to South Carolina in January following their suspension from Louisville amid the federal probe after news of an alleged payment involving the Cardinals and their father to get them to join that school.
The federal complaint stated that Adidas representative James Gatto and others attempted to funnel $100,000 to a recruit's family to gain their commitment to play for Louisville. Bowen was not named in documents, but details made clear that investigators were referring to the first-year student.
Bowen has denied knowledge of any payment.
Among those indicted were were one-time South Carolina assistant coach Lamont Evans, who coached with Martin for four seasons before leaving for Oklahoma State.
Bowen took part in practices and was out for pre-game events with South Carolina from January through March. They finished with semester with a 3.5 GPA and, coach Frank Martin said, was a model teammate whose goal was to play in college.
South Carolina officials said the NCAA told the school its decision a few days ago and then, Bowen, their family and attorney Jason Setchen considered their options.
"All I ever wanted to do was continue my education and play college basketball," Bowen said. "However, after learning of the ruling, and discussing it with my family and attorney, I've decided to pursue my professional career."
HOUSTON -- Former President George H.W. Bush "continues to be talkative and in good spirits" as they continue treatment at a hospital in Maine, their spokesperson said Wednesday.
Treatments are expected to take several more days as doctors address their blood pressure.
Bush was taken to the hospital Sunday after suffering from low blood pressure and fatigue.
President @GeorgeHWBush continues to be talkative and in good spirits as doctors @SMHCHealth address their blood pressure. Those treatments are expected to take several more days. — Jim McGrath (@jgm41) May 30, 2018
They were forced to miss Kennebunkport's annual Memorial Day Parade Monday but posted a tweet to honor fallen heroes.
"Very much regret missing the Memorial Day parade today in Kennebunkport, and am forever grateful not only to those patriots who made the ultimate sacrifice for our Nation -- but also the Gold Star families whose heritage is imbued with their honor and heroism," 41 tweeted.
Photos: Bush family shares pictures from funeral of former First Lady Barbara P. Bush Final photos from the funeral of former First Lady Barbara P. Bush. (Credit: Paul Morse - Office of George H. W. Bush) 01 / 08 Final photos from the funeral of former First Lady Barbara P. Bush. (Credit: Paul Morse - Office of George H. W. Bush) 01 / 08
President Bush left Houston for Kennebunkport last week for their annual summer vacation. They spent Saturday at an event for fellow veterans, including Gen. Brent Scowcroft.
Bush was released from a Houston hospital earlier this month after they were hospitalized with an infection April 22, a day after the funeral for their wife, former first lady Barbara Bush.
© 2018 KHOU
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you've grown up in Cambridge you'll know that the annual Arts Theatre Pantomime is somewhat of an institution.
Where the question on the playground would be not ‘are you going to the panto?' but rather ‘when?'
It is enjoyed every year by parents and children alike. With jokes and gags which will make you belly laugh whether you're six or sixty.
This year the Cambridge Arts Theatre panto is Jack and the Beanstalk.
A fairy-tale based upon the life of humble boy Jack Trott and their quest to save Princess Kate from the evil giant Gog Magog who is terrorising the town of Amarillo.
The King, Tony Christie, is forbidden from singing for fear of waking up the giant Gog Magog.
But what's it like watching this whole hullabaloo as a child? And what are the top moments?
We asked six year old, Anna Rabbett what their favourite moments were, and what really got them laughing.
Dame Trott's Diner
Without giving too much away, this is the part of the panto which delivers the most slapstick comedy. There is falling over, tonnes of whipped cream, an Elvis impersonator and some very large frilly knickers on display…
Anna said: “I thought it was really funny when Dame Trott and Simon fell over, they kept slipping and sliding everywhere, and the cream kept squirting them in the face.”
Princess Kate's revenge
In true twenty first century style our heroin Princess Kate doesn't need saving, from evil giant Gog Magog's even more evil servant Flesh Creep. And after being captured manages to batter nine bells out of him, whilst singing Taylor Swift, if that's not girl power I don't what is.
Anna said: “I thought it was nice to see Princess Kate kicking Flesh Creep after they were really horrible to her, I didn't like him, and they were mean and green.”
Madam Trott and their love affair
In true panto fashion our Dame had a firm favourite in the audience, in this case a chap called Arnie. Throughout the performance Madam Trott would reference Arnie and every time the whole audience would laugh in a ‘thank god it's not my dad' kind of way.
Anna said: “It was really funny how Dame Trott kept going up to that man in the audience especially when they made them sing, their tiger roar was really funny.”
Silly Simon
The loveable fool Simon, or Pantalon to the dramatists out there is an archetypal panto character, most closely a likened to Buttons in Cinderella, or Feste in Twelfth Night. He's dim witted, loveable and wise all in their own way.
Anna said: “I really liked how everyone would sing when Simon came on stage, they were really silly and loved their cow.”
Fairy sweetcorn
There is always that character in panto you know is going to be a hit, and in this one there were many. The underdog of which was fairy sweetcorn. They were as their name would suggest sickeningly sweet, but fiery nonetheless, so it's unsurprising that sassy six year old Anna thought the fairy was pretty cool.
They said: “I really liked fairy sweetcorn's dress, they were my favourite fairy, although fairy ratatouille was really funny.”
Fleshcreep
The mark of a good panto villain is making a child in the audience cry, whether the poor mite was just teething or they really are terrified of the evil beast, Fleshcreep was definitely pretty scary.
Political satire, evil green lighting and that classical well pronounced British accent meant that Fleshcreep was terrifying, and annoyingly, quite sexy.
Anna said: "I didn't like the evil one, they were really scary and horrible." - That's a compliment, I promise.
Final musings and ice cream in the interval
This isn't really a funny moment per se, however it's definitely worth a mention.
As a child one of the best bits of going to the panto is enjoying a pot of ridiculously decadent ice cream, during the break.
We recommend the chocolate- treat yourselves it's christmas.
Anna said: "The ice cream was so chocolatey and delicious, you have to have a treat at the panto."
With a mouthful of ice cream and a grin on their face Anna said: "Jack was definitely my favourite character in the panto, they were really brave and saved the princess. The whole show was really funny, and cool."
I have to agree, I'm sometimes a bit dubious about Panto having had my heartbroken after seeing Gareth Gates as Robin Hood but this was a far cry from that, everything from the sets to the lighting, music, and costumes were all visually brilliant. It's great to see people getting involved and being a bit silly this time of year, and this panto gives the people of Cambridge an outlet to do that.
As well as being wildly entertaining for the tots The Arts Theatre panto is fantastic for grown ups too, riddled with innuendo, political satire and one liners.
Gags which made the grown-ups giggle, and fall about their seats, plus in tune singing is a novelty which all comes into play during this classic and witty panto.
Plus you get to see Tony Christie singing this is the way to Amarillo about 50 times throughout and that never gets old, as the dame liked to remind us.
Jack and the Beanstalk at the Arts Theatre features is this the way to Amarillo star Tony Christie as the king, and pop star Liza Goddard as the fairy queen.
It is running at the Cambridge Arts Theatre until January 7 2018, with tickets still available online. To get yours head to the arts theatre website.
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
Vacation With Your Valentine: America's Most Romantic RetreatsAn introduction to five of America's best romantic retreats to celebrate Valentine's Day
News gallery
In pictures: Crypt School pupils turn on the style for their prom
Crypt School pupils let their hair down at the 2018 prom, held at the school
Building a new home in an open space, on a big piece of land, is becoming something of the past, experts have warned already. There is no space left in Flanders, and the Flemish government also wants to encourage what it calls "compact living", in smaller homes and closer to one another, which would also reduce heating costs.
Daems estimates a tax cut could earn potential buyers "a few hundred euros each year, possibly between 500 and 1,000 euros per year." This could convince people to take the step, the Flemish parties argue. Under the proposal, the local authority would get the powers to decide where and when, and how much tax benefits are being applied.
Encouraging people to live in the centre, could also boost life in 'forgotten' boroughs.
There used to be the days where computers were reserved just for scientists and researchers. Now at least everyone started using laptops, smartphones, tablets, e-book readers and other similar devices on a daily basis.
Don't you think you should be knowing some basics of such devices which will of be useful sometime in future? Knowing how to use them will not only set you apart from others but also have become a necessity to live in the modern era.
Let us see what are those basic things one need to know to live in this tech-centric age.
People are aiming to fill up garbage bags for the second annual Canal Clean event along the Welland Canal path.
This Saturday's event was started last year by Lucas Spinosa, owner of The Black Sheep Lounge. This year he's teamed up with Randy Arsenault, owner of Ram Construction.
Arsenault said they helped out last year by donating the use of their trucks to help haul the garbage picked up from along the canal path, but wanted to be more involved this time around.
“The community has been very giving to us, being a newer business,” they said. “They've been very supportive of me, so this is my opportunity to give back to the community.”
They said he's again donating their trucks to haul the trash and their employees are going to help out, too.
Spinosa said, starting at 10 a.m., people will collect trash along the canal path behind their coffee shop on Niagara Street from the Main Street Bridge to as far down as they can go. If enough people come out, they wager they'll be able to head across the canal to take on the east-side path as well.
They said last year almost 100 people came out. Arsenault said they filled an entire 13-yard bin to take to the landfill, which cost them a few hundred dollars to dump. The city donated the money to cover the fee last year. Dumping fees have been waived this year.
Spinosa said after doing the first cleanup, other businesses and organizations have reached out to them to team up and the city is also supporting the endeavour.
They feel there's an onus on the people who use the path to take part in keeping it clean, too.
Gloves and bags will be provided for participants and there will also be water and food available. Spinosa said some of the food is coming from their father Rick Spinosa's bakery next door.
Spinosa and Arsenault said it's best if people RSVP to the event through their businesses' Facebook pages or by getting in contact with either of them so they have an idea of how much food and water they'll need. They also invite anyone with questions to get in touch with them through their businesses as well. Visit facebook.com/theblacksheeplounge and facebook.com/Ramconstructionniagara.
lbarton@postmedia.com
Twitter: @LBartonTribune
After a disappointing Week 4 showing against the New York Jets, I once again joined the Jacksonville Jaguars South Georgia affiliate Fox Sports 1150 AM to discuss what went wrong in the lackluster showing. Afterward, Morning Drive host Phil Jones an I discussed the inconsistency of quarterback Blake Bortles, which surfaced once again Sunday and clearly held the offense back.
Lastly, we looked in advance to Week 5's matchup against the Pittsburgh Steelers and discussed the details of why it could be a trap game for the home team. To hear the audio, please feel free to check out the interview in the link above while subscribing to our iTunes page which has loads of archives. Listeners can also tune in via our official Audio Boom account and the various other interfaces below.
Soundcloud/Stitcher/TuneIn/
Feb 2 (Reuters) - United Overseas Bank Ltd:
* ‍DISPOSED 10.29% INTEREST IN MARCO POLO MARINE LTD AT S$0.035 PER MPML SHARE​
* DISPOSAL IS NOT EXPECTED TO HAVE A MATERIAL IMPACT ON EPS OF BANK FOR FY ENDING 31 DEC 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Google and its founders have a long history of siding with the political left. Breitbart News has put together four of the most egregious links between Google and the Clinton campaign.
As Google comes under fire for its recent firing of engineer James Damore, who claimed that the company shows a blatant bias against anyone who doesn't follow Google groupthink, Breitbart News has compiled a list of times Google was shown to take a blatantly leftist stance including their ties to the 2016 presidential campaign of Hillary Clinton.
advertisement
1: Eric Schmidt wanted to be ‘Head Outside Advisor' to Clinton campaign
Alphabet Inc. CEO Eric Schmidt was revealed to have expressed their desire to act work with the Clinton presidential campaign in documents published by the whistleblowing organization WikiLeaks. The emails between Clinton campaign chairperson John Podesta and campaign manager Robby Mook show that Schmidt met with Podesta and was interested in assuming the role of “head outside advisor.”
“I met with Eric Schmidt tonight,” wrote Podesta. “As David reported, he's ready to fund, advise recruit talent, etc. They were more deferential on structure than I expected. Wasn't pushing to run through one of their existing firms. Clearly wants to be head outside advisor, but didn't seem like they wanted to push others out.” Podesta further pushes Mook to meet with Schmidt, writing, “He's still in DC tomorrow and would like to meet with you if you are in DC in the afternoon. I think it's worth doing. You around? If you are, and want to meet with him, maybe the four of us can get on the phone in the am.”
2: Eric Schmidt Created ‘The Groundwork' To Help Clinton's Online Campaign
Schmidt was instrumental in the formation of “The Groundwork”, an online startup company that aimed to place Hillary Clinton in the White House. The Groundwork was the highest paid tech service company to the Clinton campaign, receiving $136,131 during the third quarter and $313,349 through the first 9 months of 2015.
Michael Slaby, the CEO of The Groundwork, also served as the Chief Technology Officer for President Barack Obama's 2008 campaign, stated, “We're not trying to obfuscate anything, we're just trying to keep our heads down and do stuff.” Schmidt also worked closely on Obama's 2012 reelection campaign with Obama lieutenant David Plouffe, who stated that Schmidt, “helped recruit talent, choose technology and coach the campaign manager, Jim Messina, on the finer points of leading a large organization.”
3: Google Actively Suppressed Negative Search Results Relating To Clinton
A report from psychologist Robert Epstein revealed that Google manipulated search results related to Hillary Clinton during the 2016 election that had the potential to “shift as many as 3 million votes” according to Epstein. Epstein along with their colleagues at the American Institute for Behavioral Research (AIBRT) became interested in a video published by Matt Lieberman of Sourcefed which claimed that Google searches suppressed negative information about Hillary Clinton while other search engines such as Bing and Yahoo showed accurate results.
Epstein and AIBRT tested hundreds of different search terms related to the 2016 election, using Yahoo and Bing search as a control. Epsteins report stated,
It is somewhat difficult to get the Google search bar to suggest negative searches related to Mrs. Clinton or to make any Clinton-related suggestions when one types a negative search term. Bing and Yahoo, on the other hand, often show a number of negative suggestions in response to the same search terms. Bing and Yahoo seem to be showing us what people are actually searching for; Google is showing us something else — but what, and for what purpose? As for Google Trends, as Lieberman reported, Google indeed withholds negative search terms for Mrs. Clinton even when such terms show high popularity in Trends. We have also found that Google often suggests positive search terms for Mrs. Clinton even when such terms are nearly invisible in Trends. The widely held belief, reinforced by Google's own documentation, that Google's search suggestions are based on “what other people are searching for” seems to be untrue in many instances. Google tries to explain away such findings by saying its search bar is programmed to avoid suggesting searches that portray people in a negative light. As far as we can tell, this claim is false; Google suppresses negative suggestions selectively, not across the board. It is easy to get autocomplete to suggest negative searches related to prominent people, one of whom happens to be Mrs. Clinton's opponent.
Epstein then hypothesized that Google directly altered search results in an attempt to influence the 2016 election,
Without whistleblowers or warrants, no one can prove Google executives are using digital shenanigans to influence elections, but I don't see how we can rule out that possibility. There is nothing illegal about manipulating people using search suggestions and search rankings — quite the contrary, in fact — and it makes good financial sense for a company to use every legal means at its disposal to support its preferred candidates.
Epstein stated that despite being a Clinton supporter they didn't think it would be, “right for them to win the presidency because of the invisible, large-scale manipulations of a private company. That would make democracy meaningless.”
4: Julian Assange Claimed That Google Was ‘Directly Engaged' In The Clinton Campaign
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange spoke via video link to the “New Era of Journalism: Farewell to Mainstream” forum in Moscow when they made the claim that tech giant Google was complicit in the running of Hillary Clinton's digital campaign. Assange pointed out that many high up Google employee names appear within Clinton's leaked email transcripts, a searchable list of which WikiLeaks has compiled. Jared Cohen, the founder of ‘Google Ideas' – now rebranded as ‘Jigsaw,' appears frequently on the list. Cohen's team at Google was revealed to be working with Clinton alongside Al Jazeera in attempts to influence regime change in Syria following the publishing of Clinton's emails by Wikileaks.
“We should understand that Google… is intensely aligned with U.S. exceptionalism… personally at the top aligned with Hillary Clinton's election campaign and almost certainly once Hillary Clinton becomes president, those people in Google, like Jared Cohen, will be placed into positions around the new Clinton presidency” said Assange, heavily implying that Google and it's employees could directly benefit from a Clinton presidency. Assange further emphasized Google's control over their users data, “Google controls 80 percent of the smartphone market through its control of Android and if you control the device itself – that people use to read – then anything that they connect to through that device you have control over as well.”
“Google has gotten into bed with the Obama administration in a very significant way,” stated Assange. “It is the company that visits the White House more than any other – averaged once per week in the last four years.”
All of these are examples of Google's dedication to the establishment left and their attempts to influence politics directly to benefit the Clintons. The recent revelations about Google's dedication to leftist ideology within their workplace environment should come as a surprise to no one, but whether the company will learn from the backlash against them following the firing of James Damore is yet to be seen.
Sometimes someone makes a profound impact on our lives and never knows about it. This person becomes our hero. That's what happens every day in healthcare in Hawaii.
Heroes are most often recognized for saving lives. They give us hope. They are there for us when we feel most afraid, and think hope is lost.
I'm sure that a doctor, nurse, social worker, pharmacist, nurses aide, or physical therapist changed your life in a way you'll never forget.
Here's your chance to say thank you.
Five Hawaii healthcare heroes are being selected from around the state. They will be honored at a dinner with more than 400 guests.
These Hawaii Healthcare Heroes are nominated by patients who feel their lives will never be the same because of acts of kindness, and the skill of a professional working in healthcare.
To nominate your hero by Friday, June 16, click here.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
DETROIT (AP) — Aaron Rodgers threw three of their four touchdown passes in the second half, lifting the Green Bay Packers to an NFC North-winning 31-24 victory over the Detroit Lions on Sunday night.
Detroit's Matthew Stafford connected with Anquan Boldin for a 35-yard touchdown pass with 13 seconds left, but the Packers recovered the onside kick and Rodgers had only to kneel once to seal the victory.
The Packers (10-6) closed the regular season with six straight wins, running the table as Rodgers said they could after losing four straight games midway through the season, to win the division for the fifth time in six years. Like their team, Rodgers has been perfect during the streak with 15 TD passes and no interceptions. They will lead fourth-seeded Green Bay at home Sunday against the fifth-seeded New York Giants in an NFC wild-card game.
Detroit (9-7) dropped its last three games after it had a two-game lead in the NFC North, spoiling its shot at winning a division title for the first time since 1993.
Advertisement
The Lions, though, will be in the playoffs for the second time in three years with coach Jim Caldwell because the Giants beat the Washington Redskins earlier in the day. The sixth-seeded Lions will play at third-seeded Seattle on Saturday night in a wild-card game.
Rodgers , who was 27 of 39 for 300 yards, threw a go-ahead, 3-yard TD pass to Davante Adams with 9:23 left in the third quarter. Rodgers connected with Geronimo Allison and Adams in the end zone in the fourth quarter to give Green Bay a 14-point lead in a game it trailed 14-7 at halftime.
Stafford put Detroit ahead by a touchdown with a 3-yard pass to Golden Tate with 23 seconds left in the second quarter after Zach Zenner tied it with a 1-yard run.
Stafford was 26 of 41 for 347 yards with two TDs and an interception. They made some fantastic passes and some they sailed over wide-open receivers.
RODGERS RUNS: Rodgers ran for 42 yards, their third-highest total of the season, on 10 carries. By design, they converted a third-and-1 from the Green Bay 34 with a 13-yard run a bootleg. Rodgers also used their feet to escape sacks and to give their receivers time to get open.
MISSED OPPORTUNITIES: Stafford failed to connect with Tate when they were all by themselves midway through the first quarter, wasting a chance to make a big play to possibly score on Detroit's second drive. Early in the scoreless second period, Matt Prater missed a 39-yard field goal. Green Bay linebacker Clay Matthews also missed an opportunity, dropping one of Stafford's passes that they could've possibly returned for a score.
MATTHEW'S MILESTONE: Stafford surpassed 30,000 yards passing for their career, becoming the fastest quarterback to reach the mark. They did it in their 109th game Sunday night against Green Bay. The previous record was held by Dan Marino and Kurt Warner, who did it in 114 games. With a chance to lead the Lions to a signature win, however, Stafford came up short to add to their legacy that they beat bad teams and loses against winning teams.
INJURIES
Packers: Two cornerbacks — Quinten Rollins (neck) and Makinton Dorleant (knee) — were carted off the field minutes apart late in the third quarter and another cornerback — Damarious Randall (knee) — left the game with an injury in the second half. Rollins, who was conscious and able to move, was taken to a hospital. Receiver Randall Cobb (ankle), running back James Starks (concussion) and center JC Tretter (knee) were inactive with injuries.
Lions: Receiver Marin Jones was evaluated late in the game for a concussion, but returned to play. Cornerback Darius Slay returned from a one-game absence with a hamstring injury. Right tackle Riley Reiff was out with a hip injury and was missed, especially when Nick Perry got past their replacement, Corey Robinson, for a possession-ending sack in the third quarter. Robinson left the game with an apparent injury in the second half and
UP NEXT
Packers: Green Bay will play the Giants at Lambeau Field, where it beat them 23-16 in Week 5.
Lions: Detroit, which has won only one playoff game since winning the 1957 NFL title, will face long odds to advance on the road against the Seahawks.
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
People who may have spotted something unusual the night a children's soft play warehouse was set alight are being asked to come forward.
Officers are appealing for anyone who can provide information about arson attack at the Funky Funhouse in Mercers Row, Cambridge on Good Friday.
It is thought to have started around 10.30pm, with cash stolen before several fires were started in the building.
Det Sgt Anthony Grief said: "This fire has had a devastating impact on a local business. We're appealing to anyone who saw anything unusual in the area on Friday evening to contact us as a matter of urgency."
The fire service confirmed on Sunday that the fire at the play warehouse was deliberate.
More than 40 firefighters tackled the fire throughout the night, and the damage was revealed on Saturday when forensic science experts went inside.
Much of the interior was charred and blackened by smoke, and many of the fabric hangings had melted in the heat. Repairs could run up to £1 million.
Anyone with information regarding this incident should contact police on 101 quoting CF0206110417.
Alternatively call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or visit https://crimestoppers-uk.org.
BOOK SIGNING: “There's a slight familiarity with Gingernutz — she's me,” said Grace Coddington at the London book signing of “GingerNutz: The Jungle Memoir of a Model Orangutan” on Thursday evening.
Held at the Smythson store on New Bond Street, British designers including Erdem Moralioğlu, E. Tautz owner and creative director Patrick Grant and Stephen Jones were among the guests who turned up to show support.
Coddington recalled the first time they encountered the main character — illustrated by longtime friend Michael Roberts — and thought they were so cute. Roberts had drawn a series of illustrations from the point of view of a baby orangutan and depicted the little ape's journey navigating the fashion world. Alongside their book, Coddington will also be contributing to the December issue of British Vogue.
“I have already contributed,” Coddington said. “And I can't wait for it to come out. I've only done one and it's at the early stages. Edward [Enninful] loved it and that's the main thing. I loved it. I'm very happy with it. It's a surprise.”
While Coddington, couldn't divulge too many details, they noted that working with British Vogue's new editor-in-chief was a great experience. “We're friends so we go back a long time,” Coddington said. “We have a mutual understanding because we're both stylists. It's good to work with someone with that point of view as well. It's different from working with Anna [Wintour]. I enjoy the difference. In a way, it is equally challenging. I like both. I could have two hats on.”
Last month, Coddington and Roberts promoted their 80-page tome in New York, while Roberts — who directed “Manolo: The Boy Who Made Shoes for Lizards” — also screened their film during New York and London Fashion Weeks.
RELATED STORY: Michael Roberts Describes Imagining Grace Coddington as an Orangutan, and Discusses New Manolo Blahnik Film >>
Janoris Jenkins did everything but cross their heart and pinkie-swear.
“I promise y'all that Jackrabbit says it won't happen this year what happened last year,” the Giants cornerback said of the anger, distraction and shenanigans that marred the locker room while the Giants went 3-13 in 2017. “There won't be any animosity between players, no disrespecting the coach. There will be none of that. New York Giant football is back.”
Jenkins, of course, had a role in that dysfunction. They were suspended for one game when they did not attend the first practice after the bye week. They were one of three cornerbacks who were suspended, along with Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie and Eli Apple. By the final week of the season, safety Landon Collins had called Apple a “cancer” in a radio interview.
“I learned a lot,” Jenkins said of the 2017 season. “Just facing adversity. Whether it's me not showing up to practice or us losing, everybody not on the same page. Just ready to kick off and pile energy all year.”
Jenkins has been one of the Giants' best players during their tenure with the team. Now, it seems, they want to become a leader, too. They seem to have taken over the role of mentor to Apple, which was held by Rodgers-Cromartie until they were released this offseason.
“I talk to him, text them and make sure he's in high spirits and is ready to work,” Jenkins said of Apple. “I'm just trying to be a big brother . . . We have always been close. It's just when adversity hit, everybody adjusted and made the wrong mistakes and talked about each other the wrong way. Like I said, just pull them in closer, pull everybody in closer like brotherly love, and just keep it moving.”
Peyton Jameson (3) is an original member of the Dallas Texans 00 Black FW girls soccer team. Max Faulkner mfaulkner@star-telegram.com
By The Associated Press
ATHENS, Greece (AP) — Dimitris Pelkas scored twice as PAOK thrashed Panathinaikos 4-0 Sunday in the Greek league.
Pelkas scored in the eight minute with a swerving long-range shot and made it 2-0 in the 51st from close up after evading three defenders.
Efthimis Coulouris added a penalty in the 67th and Aleksandar Prijovic completed the rout in the 78th.
Panathinaikos lost Emanuel Insua to a second yellow card in the 66th for handling the ball inside the area, just before PAOK's third goal. Ten minutes later, PAOK's Robert Mak was dismissed for pushing an opponent.
Second-place PAOK is a point behind leader Olympiakos and one point ahead of Atromitos and AEK. Atromitos beat Levadiakos 1-0, and AEK hosts Kerkyra on Monday.
Also, Asteras won 3-1 at Apollon, and Lamia drew 1-1 at Giannena.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) - A Cirque du Soleil performer died after their hand slipped off the double rings and they fell 20 feet during a performance in Florida, police and the entertainment company said Sunday.
The theatrical company announced on Twitter that Yann Arnaud fell while performing an aerial straps number Saturday night during the show VOLTA in Tampa.
Tampa police said they were investigating the death of Arnaud, 38, though they said in a release that it appears to be accidental. Arnaud died at a hospital early Sunday. They had been a Cirque du Soleil performer for more than 15 years.
Cirque du Soleil canceled its final two Tampa performances Sunday.
"The entire Cirque du Soleil family is in shock and devastated by this tragedy," the entertainment group's President Daniel Lamarre said in a statement. "We are currently gathering more information about this tragic event. We are offering our full and transparent collaboration to the authorities as they look into the circumstances of this accident."
Absolute scenes in Stuttgart! The Czechs are heading to yet another #FedCupFinal!
13 #FedCup pic.twitter.com/FvCjiWyh2j
Cuba's Foreign Minister, Bruno Rodriguez, has begun a two-day official visit to Spain today in response to an invitation from the authorities of this European country
Rodriguez will meet today with the President of the Spanish government, Mariano Rajoy, at La Moncloa Palace, venue of the presidency of this country.
After that meeting, the Cuban diplomatic head will be received in audience by King Felipe VI at the Zarzuela Palace, the official residence of the monarch.
During their stay in Madrid, Rodriguez will also meet with their Spanish peer, Alfonso Dastis.
Rodriguez and Dastis spoke in December 2016 in Brussels, after the signing of the agreement on political dialogue and cooperation between Cuba and the European Union.
Fernando Garcia Casas, State Secretary for International Cooperation and for Ibero-America, traveled to the island by late February this year and met with several representatives of the Cuban government.
Garcia Casas analyzed in Havana the state of the bilateral relations and international issues with the foreign minister, with special attention in the Ibero-American area, a statement from the Foreign Ministry of the Iberian nation stated.
Spain is the first stop on a tour that will also take Rodriguez to Portugal and Greece.
BOSTON (AP) - The battle over the proposed sale of dozens of works of art by a Massachusetts museum is headed to the state's highest court.
A single justice of the Supreme Judicial Court is scheduled to hear from both sides of the dispute Tuesday.
The Berkshire Museum in Pittsfield says it needs to sell the 40 pieces of art, including works by Norman Rockwell, to stay open and refocus its mission.
Several people opposed to the sale say the art is a public resource.
Lawyers for both sides will be given 10 minutes to speak to the court.
The museum last month won the support of Attorney General Maura Healey to petition the court for permission to allow the sale, expected to raise up to $60 million.
Mama June Shannon and their new boyfriend Geno‘s relationship is getting serious.
The reality star recently introduced their two youngest children to their beau, and now, after a few months of dating, Mama June, 38, has asked Geno to take their romance to the next level.
“I feel really good that I have a man that loves me and cares about me. I've not had the best luck with guys. Everybody's suspicious still of Geno, but I trust them 100 percent,” they said on Friday's episode of Mama June: From Not to Hot.
During a mini golf date, Geno mentioned to them that they had to look for an apartment that afternoon because “the lease is up and they're going up on the rent so as much as I don't want to, like I'm out man.”
“Well baby, there's always room — I have tons of room at my house,” Mama June told Geno.
Although Mama June was ready for Geno to move in with them and their two youngest daughters — Alana “Honey Boo Boo” Thompson, 12, and Lauryn “Pumpkin” Shannon, 18 — they aren't exactly on the same page.
“I hear a bunch of screaming every day? Negative,” said Geno. “You're going way too quick with that s—. … I spent the night. You're talking about moving in and s—. No, that's way too quick.”
WATCH: Mama June Says Sugar Bear “Needs To Step Up And Be A Father” For Daughter Honey Boo Boo
“I appreciate it, but that's f—— way way way — I just met the kids. I appreciate it, I really do, but I need an apartment,” said Geno, who told Mama June that they are free to come visit them at their new place, but “can't stay.”
WE tv
“Geno's right. For the last two years, it's just been me and Alana and Pumpkin. The last man that we lived with was Sugar Bear and we're still getting over that disaster. The more I think about it, we're not ready for no man to move in,” Mama June shared. “And plus, it's about to get real crowded in there with Pumpkin's baby on the way.”
But later that afternoon, the couple's plan quickly took a turn in the opposite direction when Mama June returned home to find their pregnant daughter Pumpkin‘s boyfriend Joshua “Josh” Efird moving in without their permission, which escalated into an argument.
“If you want to have your little boyfriend moving in with you, I'm going to have my little boyfriend move in and we're just going to be a happy family,” Mama June yelled at Pumpkin, who ran downstairs and told Josh to “get your stuff and come inside.”
“She wants to act like they can just move their little boyfriend in and s— like that,” Mama June yelled at Josh and Geno, who stood outside to avoid the fight. “Fine, Josh can move in but baby, you're moving in too. Go get your s— and welcome to the family baby!”
WE tv
Despite their earlier hesitation, Geno quickly made themselves at home: “Welcome home, motherf—–!”
“Now we have two men that's in the house,” Mama June said, referencing Josh and Geno, “and I went from having two kids in the house to having four kids in the house.”
Mama June: From Not to Hot airs Fridays (9 p.m. ET) on WE tv.
FORMER Paralympic champion and convicted murderer Oscar Pistorius has been injured in a prison brawl over the use of a public phone.
The double amputee — who is serving a 13-year jail term for the murder of their girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp — was left with a bruise after “an altercation with another inmate over the use of a public phone” on December 6, according to the department of Correctional Services.
“Oscar Pistorius sustained a bruise following an alleged incident with another inmate over the use of a public phone in the special care unit where both offenders are detained at Attridgeville Correctional Centre,” spokesperson Singabakho Nxumalo said.
Nxumalo said an official investigation has been launched into the incident.
Camera Icon Oscar Pistorius and their late girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in happier times. Picture: AFP Picture: AFP
“As standard operating procedure regarding cases of alleged assaults, DCS has launched an internal investigation into the matter to establish the facts and to ensure that appropriate action is taken as incidents of assault are not allowed,” Nxumalo added.
Pistorius was in November 2016 moved to the prison north of the capital Pretoria, which caters for inmates with physical disabilities.
Last month, the Supreme Court of Appeal more than doubled their original sentence of six years after the state argued that it was unduly lenient.
Camera Icon Reeva Steenkamp, their late girlfriend. Picture: Getty Picture: Getty Images
Local media reported that fellow prisoners were angered by the Pistorius's lengthy telephone conversation, leading to a fight.
“It is alleged that they were involved in an altercation with another inmate over the use of a public phone in the special care unit” where both offenders are detained at the Atteridgeville Correctional Centre,” a spokesperson from the department of correctional services told the Times newspaper.
Camera Icon June and Barry Steenkamp sitting in court on the third day of sentencing in Pretoria. Picture: AFP Picture: AFP
Pistorius, 31, was originally convicted of culpable homicide over the 2013 killing — the equivalent of manslaughter — but the appeal court upgraded their conviction to murder.
Pistorius, whose lower legs were amputated because of a congenital defect, soared to international fame after becoming the first double amputee to compete in the 2012 Olympic Games.
Camera Icon Oscar Pistorius at the London 2012 Olympic Games. Picture: Getty Picture: Getty Images
In 2015 in a case that gripped the world, Pistorius was found guilty of the Valentine's Day murder of their girlfriend, the model Reeva Steenkamp.
The South African sprinter, known as the “Blade Runner” for their prosthetics, maintains they believed Steenkamp was an intruder when they shot them through the bathroom door.
 They are serving a 13-year sentence.
Harold Leo “Hal” Fabriz, 85, of Falcon Heights, died Nov. 25, 2017. Hal had a special talent in the arts of pulling pranks and telling jokes, endearing them to many.
Hal was born in Minneapolis in 1932 and attended Roosevelt High School (class of 1950), Bethel College and the University of Minnesota, before attending Michigan State University, where they obtained a bachelor's degree in criminal science and went on to post-graduate studies in their field. Hal served in the U.S. Army during the Korean War.
They began their law enforcement career as a Hennepin County deputy sheriff, was a Navy Special Agent NCIS and spent 25 years as a special agent in the FBI. They worked in Texas and Mississippi during the tumultuous years of the civil rights movement in the 1960s and 1970s.
Hal retired from their FBI career in 1987 while assigned to the Minneapolis office. After retirement, they worked as a private investigator for the NFL (Vikings) as a drug-program agent.
Hal held many church affiliations as their job moved him, their daughters and their first wife, Miriam Tapper Fabriz, from place to place. They served in roles from choir member to Sunday school teacher to deacon. They were a proud member of the Society of Former Special Agents of the FBI, ARNISSA, Torske Klubben and the Auburn Cord Duesenberg Automobile Museum.
Hal's personal collections reflected their love of reading, travel, military history and classic cars. Their passion for driving was clear to all who knew him, and they took great pleasure in touring family and friends whenever the chance arose. Hal's hallmarks were their loyalty, grace and charm both in word and deed. They maintained friendships old and new, far and wide, while keeping family close at heart no matter the distance.
Hal was predeceased by their parents, Duke and Signe Fabriz.  They are survived by their wife of 30 years, Patricia Fagerlie Fabriz; their daughters, Dawn Phillips of Houston and Sharon Fabriz of Sacramento; step-daughter, Thekla Fagerlie Madsen, and their husband, Bob, of River Falls, Wis.; four grandchildren; and three great-grandchildren.
The twinkle in Hal's eye will continue to shine in the memories of all who knew and loved him.
Their funeral was held Nov. 29 at Roseville Memorial Chapel, with interment at Fort Snelling National Cemetery.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Look out 'cause The Greatest Showman sing-a-long is coming to a cinema near you.
The hit musical may have only been released in December, but it has already gained a legion of fans for its catchy tunes.
Following the success of the film, starring Hugh Jackman, Zac Efron and Zendaya, a sing-a-long version will be shown at cinemas across the country.
Now you can sing the Golden Globe-winning This is Me at the top of your lungs and no-one in the cinema can tell you off.
Other popular hits from the musical include title song The Greatest Show, Rewrite the Stars and From Now On.
This is where you can see the sing-a-long special in Gloucestershire:
Cineworld, Cheltenham
Friday, February 23
8pm
Saturday, February 24
3pm, 8pm
Sunday, February 25
5.30pm
Cineworld, Gloucester Quays
Friday, February 23
8pm
Saturday, February 24
3pm, 8pm
Sunday, February 25
5.30pm
Vue, Stroud
Friday, February 23
7.45pm
Saturday, February 24
2.45pm
Sunday, February 25
2.45pm
The film is inspired on the story of P.T Barnum's creation of the Barnum and Bailey Circus and its weird and wonderful acts.
Boswell's Breshun Berry, left, stiff-arms Eaton's Brandon Johnson to the ground as they run for a first down in the first quarter of Friday's October 6, 2017 football game at Boswell Pioneer Stadium in Fort Worth, Texas. Bob Haynes Special to the Star-Telegram
The Senators have the darndest time with the Buffalo Sabres.
For whatever reason, the Sabres have owned Ottawa this season. As well as the Senators have played overall, on track to take a shot at the division title, Buffalo has won four of five meetings between the Atlantic rivals.
Don't get us started on goaltender Robin Lehner's crazy numbers against their former team (3-0-2), 1.18 goals-against average and .961 save percentage before Tuesday's 3-2 Sabres win.
“Every game is a new day, anything can happen,” Lehner said prior to the game. What happened was a blown 2-1 Ottawa lead.
The bubble seemed due to burst, but Lehner survived a 41-shot assault by the Senators.
Shutout in Buffalo 4-0 Feb. 4, the Senators finally broke through on Lehner late in the first period. Call it a modern NHL goal, a harmless-looking shot through traffic by Erik Karlsson and a perfect tip by that new “checking winger” Bobby Ryan.
That evened the score at one, in a typical life-and-death period against the Sabres. In this fifth and final meeting of the regular season, familiarity bred a bit of contempt as a few scrums broke out.
Ryan then set up the go-ahead goal in the second period, throwing a puck at Lehner, which defenceman Dion Phaneuf converted before Lehner could smother the rebound. Who knew that Ryan just needed to be dropped down in the batting order to fire up their production?
As a reward, they were soon seen skating with Kyle Turris and Mike Hoffman. They earned it.
Before that goal, and a lively sequence that preceded it, the game had been bogged down in a checking festival. It had a biblical theme – no room at the inn.
The Sabres owned the first half of the second period, but when they couldn't connect for a second goal, the Senators took over late in the period and swarmed Lehner with 14 unanswered shots, including that Phaneuf goal. Ottawa managed just three shots through most of the period.
The Sabres rebounded with two in the third to retake the lead. Good thing they're not expected to reach the playoffs, they would give Ottawa fits.
It extends far past the current season, this tendency to rise up to bigger challenges only to lose to teams not in a playoff position. For fans of a team, this can be maddening. For a coach like Guy Boucher, it is at the very least, frustrating.
“We have not played our best against that team,” Boucher said of the Sabres, lamenting their team's turnovers at a Buffalo blueline that stacks up forwards and D-men.
One theory of the Senators playing to the level of the opponent is the fear of embarrassment – no player wants to look bad against a team like Pittsburgh or Washington or Chicago, clubs that could run up a score if you get sloppy.
Boucher rightly reminded their players this Sabres team is not as bad as the record and position in the standings might suggest.
“If they had had everybody since the beginning of the year they would be in the mix,” Boucher said.
Minus Jack Eichel, Ryan O'Reilly, Zack Bogosian, Evander Kane and others for chunks of games, Buffalo doesn't have the depth to survive those injuries and still contend. And yet, their inconsistent play, even when healthier lately, is such a source of frustration that Lehner exploded after a recent loss to the Vancouver Canucks.
On any given night, though, they can give a team a problem.
They gave Craig Anderson trouble in the first minute, scoring off a line rush. Just inside the Senators blueline, Kyle Okposo slipped a pass over to O'Reilly, who ripped a one-timer past Anderson before they had time to react.
Lehner was trying to sell the line that this was just another game, an important two points, but we weren't really buying it. Asked if carries a little more fire against the team that drafted him, they say no. Not any more.
“Maybe last year, it was a little bit fresher,” Lehner says of the June, 2015 trade. “I've moved on. I'm a Sabre.”
They are. But in a quieter moment, Lehner was overheard pining for their former teammates.
“Oh, I miss these guys,” Lehner said, smiling, as the Senators walked onto the practice ice for the morning skate.
No doubt they do miss the days when they were on top of their game and the Senators had something going, even if it didn't last.
Lehner was supposed to be the goalie of the Senators future. Now, he's the man for Buffalo's future, which looks bright.
wscanlan@postmedia.com
twitter.com/@hockeyscanner
Only nine Canadians have won Olympic Winter Games medals in alpine skiing, and only Nancy Greene (Grenoble 1968) and Karen Percy (Calgary 1988) captured two each. Here's the full list:
1956, Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy – Lucille Wheeler, bronze, women's downhill
1960, Squaw Valley, U.S. – Anne Heggtveit, gold, women's slalom
1968, Grenoble, France – Nancy Greene, silver, women's slalom; gold, women's giant slalom
1976, Innsbruck, Austria – Kathy Kreiner, gold, women's giant slalom
1980, Lake Placid, U.S. – Steve Podborski, bronze, men's downhill
1988, Calgary – Karen Percy, bronze, women's downhill; bronze, women's Super-G
1992, Albertville, France – Kerrin Lee-Gartner, gold, women's downhill
1994, Lillehammer, Norway – Edi Podivinsky, bronze, men's downhill
2014, Sochi, Russia – Jan Hudec, bronze, men's Super-G
Note: Canada won only three total medals in the 1968 Grenoble Winter Olympics. Besides the gold and silver by Nancy Greene in women's alpine skiing, there was a bronze for Canada in men's hockey courtesy of a team captained by Marshall Johnston.
Malcolm Turnbull got emotional as they spoke of their wife's great uncle who died five days after arriving on the River Somme
Armenian Apostolic Church leader Catholicos Garegin II, left, and Armenian president Armen Sarkisian, second right, attend a laying ceremony at the monument to the victims of mass killings by Ottoman Turks, to commemorate the 103rd anniversary of the massacre in Yerevan, Armenia, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Tuesday's commemoration of the massacre that began 103 years ago â€”viewed by Armenians and many historians as genocide â€” comes after the country's prime minister resigned in a surprise move following days of anti-government protests. (Tigran Mehrabyan/PAN Photo via AP)
Armenian Apostolic Church leader Catholicos Garegin II, left, and Armenian president Armen Sarkisian, second right, attend a laying ceremony at the monument to the victims of mass killings by Ottoman Turks, to commemorate the 103rd anniversary of the massacre in Yerevan, Armenia, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Tuesday's commemoration of the massacre that began 103 years ago â€”viewed by Armenians and many historians as genocide â€” comes after the country's prime minister resigned in a surprise move following days of anti-government protests. (Tigran Mehrabyan/PAN Photo via AP)
YEREVAN, Armenia (AP) - Armenia's government and the country's opposition are putting their differences aside Tuesday to mark the massacre of 1.5 million Armenians a century ago by Ottoman Turks.
A day after the opposition succeeded in pushing the prime minister out of office, Armenians across the country are commemorating the massacre that began 103 years and which Armenians and many historians consider to be genocide. Turkey, successor of the Ottoman Empire, vehemently denies the claim and insists that the massacre was part of hostilities around World War I.
Armenia's acting prime minister and other officials laid flowers at a hilltop memorial complex in Yerevan, the capital of the Caucasus Mountains country, early Tuesday along with thousands of residents.
Leaders of the opposition and some 10,000 supporters marched to the memorial later. Protesters carried the Armenian tricolor and chanted the name of the protest leader Nikol Pashinian who was leading the procession.
Opposition supporters were celebrating the resignation of Prime Minister Serzh Sargsyan on Monday after days of anti-government protests.
"We need a change of government," said 43-year-old business person Gregor Adamyan. "We're tired of pressure and corruption of one clan."
The protests, which lasted ten days, mostly focused on people's frustration with the current authorities. The coalition of the three parties leading the protest currently holds just 7 percent of the parliamentary seats and has not taken any stand on relations with Russia, Armenia's key ally and economic donor.
Ties with Russia did not appear to be at the forefront of most protesters, and many of those marching in Yerevan spoke favorably of Russia.
Ruben Ter-Martirosyan, a 37-year-old unemployed man, wants to see a more balanced relationship between the two former Soviet nations:
"Armenia needs to be a bridge between Russia and Europe, not a vassal of the Kremlin."
Earlier Tuesday, a deputy Russian Foreign Minister earlier met with the Armenian ambassador in Moscow. The ministry said Moscow is following developments in Armenia closely and wishes the country a smooth and peaceful political transition.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in a statement on Tuesday offered condolences "to the children and grandchildren of Ottoman Armenians who lost their lives during World War I."
But in an apparent stab at Armenian authorities, they took the chance to criticize "those who resort to create hatred, grudge and hostility by distorting our common history."
Russia has recognized the massacre as genocide. U.S. President Donald Trump last year described it as "one of the worst mass atrocities of the 20th century," but stopped short of calling it genocide.
__
Nataliya Vasilyeva in Moscow and Zeynep Bilginsoy in Istanbul contributed to this report.
Kacy, a first baseman, was selected by the Blue Jays in the eighth round of last year's MLB Draft.
They started the year with the Lansing Lugnuts and is now with single-A Dunedin of the Florida State League.
KEN GRIFFEY SR., KEN GRIFFEY JR.
The Griffeys made history in 1990 when they became the first father and son to take the field at the same time as teammates.
Batting second for the Seattle Mariners, Griffey Sr., hit a single against Kansas City Royals pitcher Storm Davis and Griffey Jr., followed with a single of their own.
They topped that a couple weeks later by hitting back-to-back homers against California Angels starter Kirk McCaskill.
CECIL FIELDER, PRINCE FIELDER
Cecil Fielder had eye-popping power at the plate and their son Prince was no different.
Both reached the 50-home run plateau (Cecil in 1990, Prince in 2007) and both cleared the 300-homer mark for their careers.
Cecil, a three-time all-star, spent parts of four seasons with the Blue Jays before blossoming with the Detroit Tigers in the 1990s.
Prince spent the first half of their career in Milwaukee but also had two all-star seasons with the Tigers.
CRAIG BIGGIO, CAVAN BIGGIO
Craig Biggio spent two decades in the big leagues. The Toronto Blue Jays are hoping their son Cavan will also enjoy a long career at the top level.
Cavan, a fifth-round pick in 2016, is enjoying a strong season at double-A New Hampshire.
The hype may be focused on teammates Vladimir Guerrero, Jr., and Bo Bichette, but Biggio is quietly hovering around the top of the league in several offensive categories.
Craig Biggio, a seven-time all-star, played their entire career with the Houston Astros.
———
Follow @GregoryStrongCP on Twitter.
By Gregory Strong, The Canadian Press
COPENHAGEN — Bigger, better and stronger-than-ever was the take-away from Copenhagen Fashion Week, which concluded Aug. 12.
An air of optimism floated on the city, thanks to clement weather but also to the positive figures published by the Dansk Fashion & Textile trade association. Despite a continued post-Brexit slump and lackluster performance of the Scandinavian region, the domestic market experienced 12.3 percent growth in the first quarter of the year, while exports, notably to Germany, Italy and Belgium, were flirting with double digits.
Young stars Kayla Thomas and Ella Scamozzi will suit up for Panthers tonight against their other regular team Raiders under-18 development squad in an intriguing Albany Basketball Association women's A-grade preliminary final.
With a grand final berth on the line, Thomas and Scamozzi have chosen to play for Panthers despite also being a key part of the Raiders side in the four-team competition this season.
Scamozzi is averaging more than 10 points per game for Panthers in 17 appearances while Thomas has also been electric for Panthers in the 16 games they have played.
The news was a welcome boost for Panthers, who lost in last week's second semifinal by three points, as they attempt to secure their first grand final appearance.
David Arthur, head coach of both Raiders and Panthers this season, has also had to make a choice and will guide Panthers in the do-or-die final.
Raiders assistant coach Morris Robertson will take over the reins from Arthur with the youngster likely to have six players for the clash at 7pm.
Arthur said they were very much looking forward to watching the two sides they have coached do battle in a final.
“It will be interesting to see how they go,” Arthur said.
“It really depends on if Raiders bring it, they can be really good some nights and others not so much.”
Raiders will rely on Alyssa Ward, Jasmyne Jones, Indianna Weeden and Madison Dallimore to shoulder the load left by Thomas and Scamozzi.
Panthers hold a significant 4-1 record against Raiders this season in their match-ups.
In the men's A-grade preliminary final, Knights' bid for a maiden grand final will go on the line at 8pm when they clash with reigning premiers Tigers.
Knights finished the season as minor premiers but were belted in last week's second semifinal by Barking Owls and now face Tigers, who have won five of the past eight men's A-grade titles.
Tigers won the most recent clash between the two sides, 46-39, and back in round 3 it was Knights who came out on top by a single point.
Young trio Tom Edwards, Henrick Alforque and Keanu Weeden are crucial to Knights' hopes of reaching the decider while big men Tim Button and Corey Hill will look to dominate the smaller Knights in the keyway.
The hats were flying on the first two nights of the NHL season.
Connor McDavid, Alex Ovechkin, Wayne Simmonds and Brandon Saad each recorded a hat trick in their team's season opener. It's the first time four different players scored at least three goals in their season opener in 100 years, since the NHL's first two games back in 1917.
Ovechkin's hat trick that led the Washington Capitals to a 5-4 shootout victory at Ottawa was the 18th of their career, most among active players and tied for 20th-most all time. Reigning MVP McDavid picked up their second already at age 20.
The hat tricks by McDavid and Simmonds were the first, respectively, in franchise history for the Edmonton Oilers and Philadelphia Flyers in a season opener. Saad's hat trick in a 10-1 drubbing of the Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins was the first by a Chicago Blackhawks player in a season opener since Hockey Hall of Famer Bobby Hull in 1965.
Super hi-vision refers to a digital display format which is capable of displaying approximately sixteen times the original pixels available through High-Definition (HD) display technology. It provides life-like clarity to pictures and also 3D sound to make videos more realistic. Super hi-vision technology is available across devices such as cameras, televisions, smart phones, computers and projectors.
Super hi-vision televisions, also known as Ultra HD television or UHDTV, are considered to be the most popular format in the recent years. UHDTVs are available in two digital video formats, viz. 4K UHDTV with a resolution of 2160 pixels (3840 x 2140 pixels) and 8K UHDTV with a resolution of 4320 pixels (7680 x 4320 pixels).
Besides a high spatial resolution, UHDTVs also have frame rates ranging 50-120 fps, delivering blur-free and flicker-free videos. The advent of super hi-vision technology has marked the arrival of new video and audio codec formats such as VP9 and High Efficiency Video Coding (HVEC) for faster data transmission rates.
Brochure With The Latest Advancements and Application https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=14540
Owing to constant advancements in the field of technology, the introduction of HD television sets led the way for the arrival of super hi-vision televisions in the market. As a result of the fast evolving preferences of consumers and advancements in the technological aspects, the demand for UHDTVs are growing. Furthermore, decreasing prices of UHDTVs is making them more affordable among the masses. This is led to increased sales of super hi-vision televisions in the market.
Greater depth of color coupled with high dynamic range (HDR) in UHDTVs render life-like pictures. The high quality image with 3D sound is one of the major factors resulting in the growing demand for super hi-vision technology. Additionally, the growing trend of high quality at-home entertainment systems is fuelling the sales of super hi-vision televisions.
Get Table of Content for detail analysis https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=14540
However, high intensity resolution requires a large bandwidth to support uninterrupted streaming, thus, minimal availability of high speed internet is currently a major challenge faced by UHD market. The decrease in prices of UHD television sets is expected to boost the demand UHD technology in the near future. Moreover, applications such as digital signage and banners in the advertising and media industry offer wide opportunities for the growth of super hi-vision market.
The super hi-vision market can be segmented on the basis of end use applications, technology, end use industry and geography. On the basis of end use applications, the market can be segregated into television, smart phones, projectors, personal computers and others. With large scale adoption of UHD TVs, the television segment is expected to have strong growth opportunities.
White House National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster (C) and Chief Strategist Steve Bannon (L) attend a joint news conference between U.S. President Donald Trump and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 12,... REUTERS/Carlos Barria
KABUL U.S. President Donald Trump is dispatching their first high-level delegation to Afghanistan to begin to formulate a strategy for a war that has entangled NATO forces for more than 15 years and continues to inflict heavy casualties on local troops.
Afghan officials hope National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster will provide clarity from an administration that they feel has neglected their plight as it concentrates on crises in Syria and North Korea.
On Wednesday, Trump announced they were sending McMaster to "find out how we can make progress alongside our Afghan partners and NATO allies." The timing of the visit has yet to be confirmed by U.S. and Afghan officials.
Despite general declarations of support for the Western-backed government in Kabul, the Trump administration has given few concrete signals of its plans for Afghanistan, which remains heavily dependant on billions of dollars in American aid.
U.S. forces also make up the bulk of NATO's training mission in Afghanistan, provide close air support to soldiers on the ground and form a separate counter-terrorism unit that targets Islamic State, al Qaeda and other militant networks.
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, who like McMaster is a veteran of the war in Afghanistan, was forced to scrap a visit to the country in February because of bad weather.
The makes McMaster's trip the first by a senior official from the new administration, although earlier this month they spent an hour on the phone to Afghan counterpart Mohammad Hanif Atmar for a detailed brief, according to one Western official.
That may signal renewed interest in Afghanistan, where nearly 9,000 American troops are deployed, but exactly what the Trump administration will decide is unclear, the official added.
The top U.S. commander in Afghanistan, General John Nicholson, told Congress in February that they needed a "few thousand" more troops to help train the Afghan security forces, which are battling Taliban insurgents as well as militants claiming allegiance to Islamic State.
Afghan officials have held out hope that veterans like McMaster and Mattis would help form policies favoured by Kabul, including taking a harder line on Pakistan and the Taliban.
"Both these gentlemen know very well that Afghanistan's growing insecurity is because of Pakistan's ongoing support for the Taliban and other insurgent groups, and we are impatiently waiting for a clear policy announcement," said one senior Afghan government official.
Pakistan denies aiding or harbouring Islamist militants, and has accused Afghanistan in turn of allowing insurgents to cross from its territory into Pakistan to carry out attacks.
One signal that the United States may change its policies towards Pakistan is McMaster's decision to hire Lisa Curtis, a researcher with the Heritage Foundation think-tank in Washington, to oversee South Asia affairs.
In February Curtis co-authored an article calling for the United States to "levy heavy costs on Pakistan for policies that help perpetuate terrorism in the region."
McMaster is expected to visit Pakistan and India as well during their trip, where the issue of violence in Afghanistan and militant groups in Pakistan will likely be discussed.
"If and when it takes place, I'm sure their discussions with our national security adviser and other meetings in India will cover prominently the situation in the region – most importantly in Afghanistan," said a spokesperson for India's Ministry of External Affairs.
Pakistan's foreign ministry spokesperson Mohammed Nafees Zakaria declined to confirm McMaster's visit, saying on Thursday they were not aware of any plans.
(Additional reporting by Douglas Busvine in New Delhi.; Writing by Josh Smith; Editing by Mike Collett-White)
By The Associated Press
NIAGARA FALLS, N.Y. (AP) — The aerialist wife of daredevil Nik Wallenda is preparing for a stunt that will have their hanging by their teeth from a helicopter over Niagara Falls.
Thursday morning's performance comes on the fifth anniversary of Nik Wallenda's televised high-wire walk over Niagara Falls.
Plans call for Erendira (AR'-en-deer-uh) Wallenda to be tethered by their waist as they perform a series of maneuvers on a hoop suspended from a helicopter 300 feet (91 meters) above the water. At one point she'll hang from their toes. At another, them teeth.
The Wallendas say the stunt will break a height record Nik Wallenda set in 2011 when they hung by their teeth 250 feet (76 meters) above Silver Dollar City in Branson, Missouri.
Advertisement
The Niagara County Legislature set aside $35,000 for the act last month.
Wednesday in Helena, a Montana based charity was launched dedicated to providing financial assistance to the families of fallen law enforcement officers. The launch of the charity coincidentally comes about a month after Broadwater County Sheriff's Deputy Mason Moore was shot and killed in the line of duty. Moore leaves behind a wife and three children who not only have to mourn a loss, but deal with a financial burden of a sudden loss. That is where The Guardian Fund hopes t...
Wednesday in Helena, a Montana based charity was launched dedicated to providing financial assistance to the families of fallen law enforcement officers. The launch of the charity coincidentally comes about a month after Broadwater County Sheriff's Deputy Mason Moore was shot and killed in the line of duty. Moore leaves behind a wife and three children who not only have to mourn a loss, but deal with a financial burden of a sudden loss. That is where The Guardian Fund hopes t...
Caldwell - They may not be the biggest man out on the court but College of Idaho's starting guard, Emanuel Morgan, makes up for it with their heart, quickness and by keeping defenders on their toes.
“Being as small as I am, I think I was overlooked—just because of my size,” The Senior Guard said. “Luckily I was fortunate to have a coach, somebody to give me an opportunity to play at the next level.”
When head coach, Scott Garson, took over as the man in charge at C of I four years ago they knew they needed a special player. One sleepless night the head coach grabbed a high school recruiting reel and popped it into the disc player. As their eyes followed the movements of a young Emanuel Morgan on the screen, they knew right away that they had found theirs guy.
“I remember being exhausted,” Head Coach Scott Garson said. “It was two or three in the morning and I'm watching Manny. It was a game where they hit seven threes. I knew the style of play we wanted. I said ‘Jeez this guy fits exactly what we want.'”
Morgan has delivered. Their stats speak for themselves—he leads the conference in steals and is just one of two players in conference history to have more than 500 assists and 200 steals in a career. Morgan says that it is their drive to win that makes them special.
“I feel like I want to win more than anyone else. More than anyone else—more than anyone on our team or anyone on the other team. It's just how I was raised. I just grew up super competitive with siblings and friends,” Morgan said.
Morgan's talents have extended beyond just the basketball court. They say a huge relaxer for them is playing the piano, something they taught themselves to do.
“Takes me away from everything going on in my outside life and takes me away from basketball. Something I can focus on and clear my mind,” said Morgan.
The Yotes have two remaining home games on the schedule, and Thursday will be Morgan's 129th career game. It's slowly putting their time and effort into perspective in coach Garson's eyes.
“I don't want to think about it,” Garson said. “I have never coached a game here that Manny did not play in. It will be difficult.”
Morgan says that—looking forward— when they are done with basketball they would like to become a coach. Given the chance, they would love to be a grad assistant at C of I.
CRYSTAL VISIONS: Developing daywear may be on the agenda at Balmain as part of the house's growth strategy under its new chief executive officer, Massimo Piombini, but there's no letting go of the glitz. Case in point — a crystal embroidered baseball jacket priced at around $40,000 that hangs in the “couture” section of the brand's first men's pre-collection.
Sporting the words “Balmain Army” across the back, the weighty item took around two months to make. “When it was completed, it was like Christmas, it was like, ‘It's done, it's exactly what I wanted,'” said Balmain's creative director Olivier Rousteing during a tour of the collection in a Paris showroom on Monday.
Also rich in denim, jersey and knitwear, the expansive pre-fall 2018 men's lineup spans casual fare and blinged-out items fit for the stage. “There is the same diversity as for the women's,” said the designer. The brand counts personalities including Cristiano Ronaldo, Justin Bieber, Kanye West and Zayn Malik among its devotees, but is also “looking to attract a broader male audience” as part of its international expansion. Men's wear currently represents around 40 percent of total sales.
Rousteing described the collection as a mirror reflection of the Balmain woman, but also himself. “My approach was also what I want to wear myself next winter,” they said.
Depending on the time or place, that could mean sporty biker-inspired gear or more classic fare like a Prince of Wales double-breasted jacket, sailor knits and peacoats. There's also the signature peacock-rock fare like T-shirts heaving with Ziggy Stardust-themed embroidery. The brand's core client for men's falls in the 20 to 35 age brackets, according to Rousteing.
Citing a men's wear “revolution,” the male customer over the seven years that they have been designing men's for the house, alongside the women's line, is more open to embracing “glamor without feeling ridiculous,” they said.
“I can push boundaries more now,” said Rousteing, who on Tuesday will head to Rome for a dinner at the Palazzo Sacchetti as an early celebration of a new store due to open in Milan in April. A Miami store is also in the pipeline for the end of 2018.
Crime in Nassau continued to decline in the first few months of 2018, police officials and County Executive Laura Curran said Tuesday.
The number of major crimes reported in the county between Jan. 1 and Monday was 1,525, down 0.33 percent from the 1,530 reported during the same period in 2017, officials said during a news conference at Nassau police headquarters in Mineola.
Those figures include a 20 percent drop in residential burglaries, from 148 to 118, and a 20 percent decline in other burglaries, from 110 to 87. There was also a 7 percent decrease in the number of vehicles stolen in Nassau County, from 127 to 118.
There was one murder reported in Nassau County, compared with three in the same period last year. Curran said there were 16 murders in the county in 2017, the lowest rate since the 1960s.
“Nassau County continues to be one of the largest suburban counties with the lowest crime rate,” they said.
The news for the first quarter of 2018 was not all good: Commercial robberies jumped more than 20 percent, from 43 in 2017 to 52 this year.
Grand larcenies increased nearly 7 percent, from 900 to 962.
Amazon has done something we only ever see once in a blue moon and offered a huge discount on an Apple iPhone. It's incredibly rare for Apple's products to be discounted, even in the run up to Christmas, so when you see money off, you should jump at the chance.
Amazon is offering an iPhone 6S Plus 128GB in silver for £569, saving you £130. Ok, so you can get the exact same phone direct from Apple for £649, so the saving reduces to £80, but a saving is a saving. The deal is for a SIM free, unlocked phone, so you will need a SIM-only plan to use it.
The iPhone 6S Plus was the first to introduce Apple's 3D Touch technology which lets you 'peek and pop' web pages and photos, or access Quick Actions with apps on the home screen. It might not have the dual-lens rear camera setup as the iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 8 Plus, but it's still capable of taking stunning photos,
If you've been looking to join the iPhone camp for a while but have been put off by Apple's prices, or you simply don't need the very latest device, this deal represents a massive bargain. Be quick though, it only lasts 24 hours.
These black and white home space applications were a good appetizer of this kitchen design inspiration since the color paint and interior of this space was the basic imagination that easy to apply on. The simple and practical landscape of this cooking space was completed with the futuristic look of the space and makes us feel comfortable. These super comfy home space imaginations were come from the smart choose of the furniture and kitchen appliance. Furthermore, the interior ideas of this space also support our comfortable feeling here. The practice cooking space and dine room combinations in this kitchen series design was try to solve the problem of those people who have small space for their home. Since the thought was combination so that the layouts that we will see was the simple kitchen decor layouts. These entire inspiring cooking space ideas were attractive and expressive so that we can choose which one the most suitable kitchen design for us. Start with basic inspiration that covered with minimalist home furnishing landscape now we were allowed to see these entire modern kitchen designs pictures.[via]
Originally Posted On Iroonie
IOWA CITY, Iowa (AP) — A charity controlled by Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad missed a legal deadline for disclosing the names of donors who paid for their 2015 inaugural celebration, keeping them secret even as they prepare to become the U.S. ambassador to China.
Tax experts say the lack of disclosure could subject the charity to IRS penalties of $100 per day retroactive to Nov. 15, when the information was due. It also means that weeks after President-elect Donald Trump named Branstad to the important diplomatic post, the public doesn't know the identities of individuals and corporations who wrote checks totaling roughly $1 million to fund the Republican governor's inauguration and namesake college scholarships.
The Branstad-Reynolds Scholarship Fund was founded after Branstad and Lt. Gov. Kim Reynolds won election in 2010 to raise private money to pay for their 2011 inauguration. Branstad pledged that the leftover money would be used to award $30,000 annually in scholarships for Iowa college students, although it has fallen short of that goal. If confirmed by the U.S. Senate as ambassador to China, Branstad plans to resign as governor and be replaced by Reynolds.
After winning re-election in 2014, the administration again used the group for inaugural fundraising, bringing in $1.5 million. About $500,000 went to pay for an inaugural ball in Des Moines and other events in January 2015 that celebrated Branstad's unprecedented election to a sixth term as governor. The rest will go toward an endowment fund for college scholarships.
Because the group is a private foundation, the IRS requires it to annually disclose the names of anyone who gave $5,000 or more. Contributors who donated in 2014 were disclosed in that year's tax return, filed in November 2015. But those who contributed in 2015 — when $1.1 million rolled in — have been kept secret amid delays in disclosure.
The charity's 2015 return was due May 15, but it received an automatic three-month extension. The group applied for a second three-month extension through Nov. 15 — the only additional time allowed — saying it was “waiting for additional information needed from a third party.” It finally filed its return Nov. 15 listing amounts raised and spent but disclosing only one contributor: Des Moines-based Principal Financial Group, which gave $25,000.
Branstad spokesperson Ben Hammes said the group's accountant, Robert Buckley, is still gathering information about the other donors and plans to file an amended return. They said getting donor information has been a challenge because the inaugural committee has disbanded. They say the group isn't trying to hide anything.
Branstad and Reynolds serve as the group's president and vice president and receive no compensation.
The IRS could subject the foundation to penalties of $100 per day, up to $50,000, because it brought in more than $1 million in 2015. Des Moines accountant Joe Kristan said the IRS generally considers tax returns that are missing information as incomplete and subject to late penalties, which could be waived if the group shows “reasonable cause” for failing to file on time.
“The fund has some significant issues,” added Marcus Owens, former director of the IRS division that oversees nonprofit groups.
The 2014 donor list includes companies with major state business, philanthropists and Branstad supporters.
At the top was Iowa's largest electric company, MidAmerican Energy, which donated $100,000. Months later, the company's CEO complained directly to Branstad about a ruling from the Iowa Utilities Board that made its wind energy projects less profitable. Branstad soon ordered a shake-up on the board, which one ousted regulator said was done to placate MidAmerican.
UnitedHealthcare gave $10,000 months before it won a major contract following Branstad's decision to privatize Iowa's Medicaid program. Riverside Casino & Golf Resort, which has lobbied Branstad's administration to reject a Cedar Rapids casino that could drain its business, gave $25,000.
Hammes said the administration was proud to have private donors support the fund, which has awarded $137,500 to college students since 2011.
Asked whether that might create a perception that donors are giving in hopes of some sort of payback, Hammes responded: “There is no way the appearance that they are getting some favor for anything. This is a wonderful scholarship fund that has been set up to provide money for students.”
The Associated Press first asked Branstad's office to release an inaugural donor list in September 2015. Hammes said then that the governor's office didn't have those records but that he'd try to track them down. They were unsuccessful. After AP asked for the group's 2015 tax return last month, they released the incomplete document.
___
Follow Ryan J. Foley on Twitter at https://twitter.com/rjfoley
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
You may not post new threads
You may not post replies
You may not post attachments
You may not edit your posts
HTML code is Off
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — An inter-faith group of residents living in Bahrain who are visiting Israel has issued a statement saying it doesn't represent the government in Manama or any of the kingdom's authorities.
Their visit has stirred uproar on social media over the timing of their trip following the Trump administration's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital last week.
The group said in a statement carried by the state-run Bahrain News Agency on Sunday that it “does not represent any official entity” from Bahrain.
The group, which also has Americans and British nationals, includes Buddhists, Christians, Hindus, Jews and Muslims.
The group's members have said they are traveling on their own initiative.
Many Bahrainis and others on Twitter criticized the visit in the wake of President Donald Trump's move on Jerusalem.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
LEXINGTON, Ky. — PJ Washington will return to Kentucky after withdrawing from the NBA draft, while their Wildcats teammate Wenyen Gabriel has decided to turn pro.
The Wildcats are still awaiting Jarred Vanderbilt's decision on whether the first-year student forward will return to school or remain in the draft.
Washington, who participated in the NBA combine, posted a video on their social media accounts Wednesday that ended with the words "I'M BACK." The 6-foot-7 Dallas native will be the Wildcats' top returning scorer and rebounder next season after averaging 10.8 points and 5.7 rebounds in 37 games as a first-year student in 30 starts.
The 6-9 Gabriel was not invited to the combine but said in a video on their Twitter account that after receiving positive feedback, their dreams of being a professional "are that much closer to reality." They averaged 6.8 points and 5.4 rebounds last season.
Still waiting
The jury supervisor was seen heading down the hallway and toward the jury room at almost 9:30 a.m. Wednesday — and the group, according to a courtroom official, began deliberating just afterward.
All was still in the courtroom until 12:21 p.m., when word of a note from the jury — which was deliberating with a new member — began to spread.
With that, the FBI employees seated at the prosecution table moved to their customary spot in the front-row bench on the prosecution side of the courtroom.
Linda Mangano came in.
They stopped for a hug from a supporter before going on to take a seat beside their attorney, John Carman, at the defendant's table.
Edward Mangano's mom and dad came in next, settling along side supporters in the last two benches on the defense side of the courtroom.
Edward Mangano's lawyer, Kevin Keating, carrying a Styrofoam container, walked in soon after.
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
And then came two prosecutors, Raymond Tierney and Catherine Mirabile — who a few seconds later were joined by a third, Lara Treinis Gatz.
At 12:27 p.m., the judge's clerk, Bob, walked into the room bearing sheets of white paper. They handed them out to all sides, and then showed a copy to reporters, who had gathered near the bar.
It was the jury's note. And it said simply, “We are deadlocked.”
At 12:40 p.m., everyone stood as U.S. District Court Judge Joan Azrack entered the courtroom.
They said they wanted to hear arguments on a proposed Allen charge, that is, instructions they intended to give jurors before sending them back for more deliberations.
Mirabile said they had no objection.
Keating, as they had on Tuesday, asked for a mistrial — which was denied.
From there, everyone waited for three knocks, the signal that the jury was about to enter the room.
Jurors did.
And then, after receiving the Allen charge, they returned to their duties once more.
In the courtroom, several observers had tried to read the jury's thinking from their body language. To get a clue as to who stood where in the deliberations.
That was, as always, impossible.
No go
There came a time, early Wednesday afternoon, when the courtroom was empty — except for a single reporter and the courtroom artist.
Everybody else was elsewhere.
After Judge Azrack instructed jurors to continue deliberations, the courtroom emptied out, in part because it was safe — for a time at least — to spread out with little concern about the potential of missing a note, or some indication of a verdict, from the jury.
Some court regulars left the building all together, and — like some reverse migration — camera operators and photographers left their perches outside the courthouse to walk across the plaza, into the courthouse and up to the courtroom.
By almost 3 p.m., many of the regulars were back.
Some gathered down the hallway, for a view of one falcon, taking time from a nest near the top of the courthouse.
Carman and Keating commandeered benches in the hallway — which was far cooler than it was on Tuesday, when outside temperatures were in the 80s.
Edward and Linda Mangano were back, but not at the defendant's table.
Instead, they gathered in a conference room just outside the courtroom — where one of their sons was studying for their bar exam.
At 3:05 p.m., Edward Mangano and a few of their supporters walked out the back of the courtroom, heading for some tables outside. “Need a change of scenery,” Mangano said.
They were out in the courtroom hallway again, 10 minutes from the time deliberations were slated to end.
And then came 5 p.m., when the courtroom emptied out for the evening.
Deliberations are slated to go into a 9th day on Thursday.
For their consideration
Jurors have access to a jury sheet, a road map or sorts wherein the supervisor records their decisions — barring, of course, a deadlock.
The initial jury sheet was 11 pages, seven of which dealt solely with counts against John Venditto, Oyster Bay's former town supervisor.
Last week, when the jury, in a partial verdict, acquitted Venditto on all charges, those pages became moot as the jury returned to deliberate on the remaining counts, those involving Edward and Linda Mangano.
On the six pages that remain, six counts involve Edward Mangano, six counts involve Linda Mangano and one count involves them both.
Click here to subscribe to The Point, Newsday Editorial Board's daily opinion newsletter.
The country is facing a teacher shortage, and the coast is not immune.
In Ocean Springs, what was once a long waiting list of prospective teachers has dwindled significantly over the years.
As Doug Walker reports, there are many reasons for the shortfall, but a solution could be on the way.
LONDON (AP) — Bank of England Governor Mark Carney will have to write a letter to Britain's Treasury chief explaining why inflation in the country is running by more than a percentage point above target.
Official figures Tuesday shows that the annual inflation rate in Britain rose to 3.1 percent. The increase was unexpected — most economists predicted a modest decline to 2.9 percent from the previous month's 3 percent.
Because inflation is more than a percentage point above the bank's 2 percent target, Carney has to explain to Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond what they and their colleagues are doing about getting inflation down.
In November, pre-empting the increase, the bank raised its main interest rate by a quarter-point to 0.5 percent, its first increase in a decade.
NEW YORK (AP) - If you've made changes to how you use social media since Facebook's Cambridge Analytica privacy debacle, you're not alone.
A new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research finds that 7 out of 10 of online adults who've heard of the scandal - revelations that a data mining firm may have accessed the private information of some 87 million Facebook users to influence elections - have unfollowed accounts, deleted their profiles or made other changes in how they use social media.
And since 9 in 10 Americans have heard at least a little bit about Cambridge Analytica, this means the scandal has led to widespread changes in the use of social media among Americans. What's less clear is whether these changes are permanent, and whether they will affect business at Facebook, Twitter and other social media companies.
Facebook has said that it hasn't noticed a meaningful decline in usage since the scandal broke and it doesn't seem to have experienced much of an advertiser exodus, either. But that doesn't mean the social media giant is in the clear. Some high-profile tech luminaries such as Elon Musk and Steve Wozniak have disavowed Facebook, and a "DeleteFacebook" online campaign - even if it didn't lead to mass defections - has bruised the company's already-battered image.
Cole Bearden, 26, a musician and liquor store employee in Nashville, said they soured on Facebook a while ago, after their parents friended them and turned their app into "a perpetual recipe video-sharing machine." That, along with their concerns about surveillance and advertisements, convinced them to drop the app from their phone a year ago. They said in an interview last month that they check their profile only occasionally.
Still, Bearden says deleting their profile won't mean a lot unless many other Facebook users do the same. And even that, they say, may come too late.
"The real damage has been done. Our concept of open democracy has been undermined, subverted and potentially irreparably damaged," they said.
Some people, though, were cautious long before Cambridge Analytica. Jessica Garcia, who lives in Homewood, Illinois, said they were already "pretty strict" with all their settings and they use social media (Facebook, mostly) only minimally. They don't post much and stays out of politics.
Asked who bears the responsibility to protect people's online privacy, the poll found that vast majorities of Americans think both social media companies (84 percent) and individual users (72 percent) have a large share. Just short of half - 46 percent - see that as a large responsibility of the federal government.
Garcia agrees with the majority and said it's a combination of individual and company responsibility.
"I don't feel like the government needs to step in and start controlling that," they said. "If we can't make good decisions and people and they don't make good decisions as companies, it'll fall apart on its own."
Americans who have taken some action after hearing about Facebook's recent privacy crisis include 29 percent who have deleted certain social media accounts - the most drastic step. A larger number, 38 percent, uninstalled apps on their phone, while 42 percent said they used certain platforms less often. Nearly half, 47 percent, unfollowed or unfriended certain people, and 41 percent unfollowed groups or organizations.
Forty-five percent reviewed or changed their privacy settings - something Facebook encouraged recently by sending a notice to users through their Facebook pages. First, it notified the 87 million people whose information may have been leaked to Cambridge Analytica. This week, it began sending all 2.2 billion Facebook users a more generic notice to review their settings that show what apps have access to their data.
According to the poll, women were more likely than men to have made at least one change, and younger people were more likely to say they have reviewed their privacy settings or uninstalled apps from their phones. Older Americans were more likely to say they have followed news of the scandal.
The Cambridge Analytica fiasco was not Facebook's first privacy scandal, though it may have been its worst. The poll also found that Americans have broader concerns about how their data is used by companies like Facebook, Twitter and Google. Sixty percent said they were very or extremely concerned that such companies may not keep their personal information secure, and more than half said they were concerned that the companies might track their data even after they have tried to delete it.
African Americans were more likely to express concern about privacy than whites. For example, 72 percent of blacks and 57 percent of whites are worried about companies securing their personal information, while 62 percent of blacks and 44 percent of whites are concerned about companies tracking their location.
___
The AP-NORC poll of 1,140 adults was conducted April 11-16 using a sample drawn from NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak Panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all respondents is plus or minus 4 percentage points
___
AP Polling Editor Emily Swanson in Washington and AP Business Writer Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this story.
___
Online:
AP-NORC Center: http://www.apnorc.org/
OF STATE CERTIFICATE
OF ASSUMED NAME
Minnesota Statutes, 333
The filing of an assumed name does not provide a user with exclusive rights to that name. The filing is required for consumer protection in order to enable customers to be able to identify the true owner of a business.
ASSUMED NAME:
Lynnerz
PRINCIPAL PLACE
OF BUSINESS:
5842 Old Main Street
Suite 7 PMB 7
North Branch, MN 55056
NAMEHOLDER(S):
Maklin LLC
5842 Old Main Street
Suite 7 PMB 7
North Branch, MN 55056
I, the undersigned, certify that I am signing this document as the person whose signature is required, or as agent of the person(s) whose signature would be required who has authorized me to sign this document on his/her behalf, or in both capacities. I further certify that I have completed all required fields, and that the information in this document is true and correct and in compliance with the applicable chapter of Minnesota Statutes. I understand that by signing this document I am subject to the penalties of perjury as set forth in Section 609.48 as if I had signed this document under oath.
DATE FILED: February 6, 2017
SIGNED BY: Steven M. Hamlin
Published in the
ECM Post Review
February 15, 22, 2017
652157
