This September will see the release of the inaugural issue of Undone: A Legacy of Queer (Re)imaginings, a new journal created by graduate students that “encourage(s) community building and community development among queer and trans graduate students” at Brown, said Je-Shawna Wholley, the assistant director of the LGBTQ Center and the managing editor of the journal.
The journal will be published annually online, said Majida Kargbo GS, one of Undone's two editors-in-chief. “We're excited that it's a digital space because we want to be able to publish innovative work, things that aren't just academic essays. So, we have visual arts, audio and short stories,” they said.
“The (journal's) theme this year is ‘Queering Across Borders,' and it's a call for us to think about queerness … beyond a Western framework,” Wholley said, and defined queerness as “non-heterosexual and non-heterocentric.”
Undone shares the theme “Queering Across Borders” with the LGBTQ Center's Legacy Series, they added.
Undone's editorial staff will accept submissions for the inaugural issue until May 4, said Hilary Rasch GS, an editor-in-chief at Undone. Rasch added that submissions are stripped of names before being reviewed by Kargbo and herself. The approved selections are then distributed among content editors at the journal, they added.
Currently, the editors plan to publish between seven and 10 selections in the inaugural issue, Kargbo said. While Undone prioritizes submissions from grad students at the University, it will also accept selections from grad students at other universities as well as local scholars, activists and community members not tied to academic institutions.
After noticing the absence of a community among graduate students encouraging scholarship that explores self-expression and identity, Kargbo said they were inspired to create a publication to address this problem. The idea to create Undone “came from envisioning what I would have wanted out of a graduate community when I was in my earlier years at Brown, and that was a much stronger community around scholarship and support around thinking about these sorts of ideas,” Kargbo said.
Kargbo added that they hoped the publication could also help remedy a lack of exclusive spaces for grad students at the University. “We don't have graduate centered spaces at Brown and so one reason for this coming into being been to create one such space.”
To foster a greater sense of community among grad students, Undone invites submissions from individuals across a wide variety of disciplines, Kargbo said. “I'm an interdisciplinary scholar. I really wanted to be able to think with other people in other disciplines and across mediums. I don't really get to have contact with everyone all the time,” they added.
Undone also works to facilitate professional development among grad students who might not be familiar with the process of submitting work or research to an academic journal, Wholley and Kargbo said. “We thought that this would be a great way to help them, like a low-stakes introduction into what it means to submit to an academic journal. But we also wanted this journal to be a space that's an intellectual community for people to talk about radical ideas and not be too caught up in the ‘academic standards,'” Wholley said.
Undone's staff uses the term “journal” to describe the publication “quite loosely” because there are “fine parameters in use in the academic world about what a journal is and can be and we want this to be a hybrid space,” Kargbo said.
“That is partly how we came to call it Undone. We want to sort of undo certain kinds of logics but also how we expect to learn these things. Sometimes you don't need a 20-page essay to get at the heart of something,” they added.
Nothing will stop rapper Action Bronson from finding the best food from every corner of the world. Not even indigestion. “I have a stomach of steel,” the Queens native tells...
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Paul Cook has warned Wigan Athletic will have to be at their best to see off the challenge of in-form Gillingham this weekend.
The Gills are the form team in League One, with six wins and two draws from their last eight matches, which has lifted them from the relegation dogfight to the fringes of the play-off picture.
“This is a really big game,” acknowledged Cook.
“Everyone's been patting us on the back, and that's all well and good, but we've got to forget that and remember we're facing a very good side.
“They're probably the form team in the competition, and they'll come here to try and beat us – which will make for a very good game.
“They were probably a few people's favourites for relegation at the start of the season, but the way they're playing they'll be pushing the play-offs.
“They've got good players, who can hurt us, and if we're not on our game, we will find ourselves in trouble.”
After a fortnight away from league combat, Cook can't wait to get back into the swing of the promotion push.
“It's nice to get back into it,” they added. “We've missed a couple of games now, where Shrewsbury and Blackburn have had the chance to make up some ground.”
As the NYPD began shutting down streets hours before President Trump arrived in Manhattan Monday, New Yorkers couldn't hide their annoyance. Ida Siegal reports. (Published 27 minutes ago)
As the NYPD began shutting down streets hours before President Trump arrived in Manhattan Monday, New Yorkers couldn't hide their annoyance.
"You can't even hear yourself think," griped Julianna Melamed of Midtown East. "There's helicopters and cabs and traffic and God knows what else, and everything's barricaded. They won't even let you down the street, even if you got into a cab."
The NYPD blanketed streets and intersections across midtown, locking down several intersections hours before the president's arrival. Trump's motorcade would later sail up the FDR from lower Manhattan and through midtown.
The high security made getting around a bit of a challenge in certain neighborhoods, especially in the area of Trump Tower.
Watch: NYPD Tails Trump Motorcade Through NYC
Streets were closed and the NYPD was out in full force as President Trump traveled to Trump Tower Monday for a planned two-night stay. It's their first time returning to Trump Tower as president, and protesters had been awaiting their arrival all evening. (Published 51 minutes ago)
"I think this is a waste of resources. I think it's sad that New York is spending so much money on a president that's, simply put, unpopular," said Sherry Xia of the Upper East Side. "And we shouldn't be expending these resources."
Some street closures will stay put for the duration of their visit, including 58th Street between Sixth Avenue and Fifth Avenue, 56th Street from Sixth Avenue to Madison, dnd 55th Street from Fifth Avenue to Madison Avenue.
Not everyone was put out by the security.
"It's New York City. We've had Barack Obama, we've had the pope, everybody -- U.N. week is a couple weeks from now," said Randy Walker of the Upper East Side. "So we're New Yorkers, we're used to it."
This was Trump's first visit Manhattan home and office since their inauguration. They have said he'd "love'' to go home to Trump Tower more often but it's "very disruptive to do.''
A coach worth rooting for in college basketball's darkest hour The thing that has always made the Big East Tournament and Madison Square Garden such a magical 35-year marriage is the uncanny way so many conference teams have been able...
'Catch-22' of Rutgers football: Trying to rebuild in scary Big Ten Jonathan Taylor is a first-year student running back who could make an immediate impact in the Big Ten. The Salem, N.J., native might even replace another New Jersey product in the...
Michigan plays in practice jerseys after plane-crash fiasco The Wolverines made it safely to Washington D.C. for their Big Ten Tournament matchup against Illinois on Thursday after a frightening incident on the runway as their plane attempted to...
Flavor Flav is the biggest star of Big Ten tournament It's Wednesday of conference tournament week, which means your TV is loaded with games between major programs that finished 6-12 in conference play but still somehow might make it into...
Going to these football-obsessed schools could leave you in loads of debt Packed football stadiums on Saturdays in the fall could be weighing down the student body in the form of increased debt. Students in the Big 12 and the Big Ten...
Suddenly the Big Ten is the powerhouse no one expected Did you get all your jokes in? All your potshots? Because if you didn't take advantage of the languishing Big Ten the last few years, you're out of luck. College...
Big Ten tournament coming to Madison Square Garden in 2018 March 2018 figures to be pretty mad in these parts. The Big Ten will play its postseason tournament at Madison Square Garden — the week before the Big East comes...
Rutgers picked last in Big Ten hoops Rutgers is thrilled to be joining one of the top basketball conferences in the country this season. The league's writers just don't think the Scarlet Knights will enjoy the Big...
Rutgers' hyped Big Ten debut spoiled by Penn State rally PISCATAWAY, N.J. — Before Rutgers' Big Ten debut against nemesis Penn State, coach Kyle Flood talked of making a first impression, and receiver Leonte Carroo talked about making school history....
VICTORIA, B.C. – Peter Luckham wants B.C.'s shorelines to be cleaned up.
Luckham is the chair of the Islands Trust Council, and is supporting the proposed federal Bill C-64.
The Islands Trust is an organization serving the islands in the Salish Sea.
Luckham said the legislation would comprise of a program that would see the federal government provide funding to agencies to recover abandoned vessels, and possibly create some programs for recycling.
“It's a significant issue across the country (derelict vessels), and particularly bad on the west coast of British Columbia,” they said.
“In 2014, the government, through the work of the Islands Trust and others, realized that this area was a hot spot for derelict and abandoned vessels.”
Luckham couldn't say why exactly that was the case, but noticed that the coast's climate could have an impact on the high number of abandoned vessels.
“Our winter storms are not as bad as some other parts in the country, where the abandoned and derelict vessels on the east coast end up getting destroyed in the winter storms, or ice,” they explained.
“It's not as readily apparent as the number of vessels that we have here, which I think it was identified at about 250 vessels up and down the entire coast.”
They said that those include smaller pleasure craft to larger commercial vessels that are no longer serviceable. Luckham explained that there are not only aesthetic concerns, but environmental issues to consider when dealing with derelicts.
“The nature of these vessels is that they are quite often in disrepair and as a result of that, certainly people are attempting to rebuild them, so they end up with everything from fuel to paint and other toxins associated with marine engines,” they said.
“If those vessels sink, then those materials end up leaking into the marine environment.”
They said Bill C-64 is a work in progress. Luckham recently met with the Transportation Special Committee in Ottawa to speak about the bill.
“That process is now concluded, where they're consulting with agencies like ours (Islands Trust) and people like myself to provide them with support fore the bill and recommendations for amendments to the bill,” they said.
“I'm hoping that might happen in the spring (passing legislation) but it all depends on how vigorous the debate goes and how many amendments they take into account as a result of the public consultation they have done so far.”
They noted that there are many benefits to properly dealing with derelicts. Luckham said the goal is not necessarily to just remove all vessels from B.C.'s shorelines.
“Certainly, that's a clean up process that needs to happen, so that will naturally return our coastal shorelines back to being pleasant places to see, and of course not degrading the marine environment.”
They said that the legislation should help prevent more vessels from being abandoned in coastal shorelines.
“We are looking for improvements to the regulations to essentially, not so much prosecute individuals that abandoned vessels, but make it more clear to people what responsible ownership is through the registration of vessels,” they said.
“There are two things, we need to clean up the vessels that are abandoned and prevent the opportunities that allow people to end up in situations where they, quite often I believe have no choice but to abandon the vessel because there is no recycling program and there is no registration process that brings about a level of responsibility, similar to what we have with motor vehicles.”
They noted that people don't go out, park their cars on the side of the highway and abandon them, but you can do that with boats.
“We need to fix those loopholes to encourage responsible ownership.”
We Can't Get Where We Want if We Don't Know Where We Are
Sign up for Meridian's Free Newsletter, please CLICK HERE
It is so easy to get swept away in the fog, rhetorical riptides and tweet storms of the digital age. Leaders can overwhelm the public with a whirlwind of words designed to distract and confuse – often leaving citizens wondering where in the world we are. If we do not know where we currently are, it is impossible for us to chart a course to where we truly want to go.
Long years ago, before cell phones, Google Maps and GPS systems, I was on a speaking tour in Ireland. On the first day of my tour I was scheduled to speak to corporate executives at a company in Cork. I set out for the speech with a very specific and detailed old-school map. I immediately encountered several ring roads and roundabouts, and soon had no idea where I was. After about 20 minutes of wandering through the Irish countryside, I realized that this was not a good use of my time and I did the hard thing: I bit my ego and pulled into a little gas station at the side of the road to ask for directions.
Map in hand, I went in and asked the man behind the counter, “Where am I?” The man obviously knew I was a foreigner, because they just flashed me a big Irish grin and said, “Why, you're in Ireland don't you know!” I then tossed the map at them and asked, “Where am I on the map?” Once the attendant pointed to our specific location I had no problem navigating my way to my speaking engagement. By stopping to figure out where I was, or what the present reality was, I was better able to chart the right course to my desired destination.
Before a critical debate in the United States Congress, Daniel Webster said: “Mr. President, when the mariner has been tossed about for many days in thick weather on an unknown sea, they naturally avail themselves of the first pause in the storm, the earliest glance of the sun to take their latitude and ascertain where they are in relation to their desired course. Let us imitate this prudence and before we float on the waves of this debate refer to the point from which we departed, that we may at least be able to surmise where we now are.”
As a nation we have been through some thick weather and tossed about, to say the least. Here are a few areas where I believe we need to figure out where we really are before we start to try and solve the problems:
Education
Regulation
National division
Poverty
Criminal justice
Federal lands
Health care
(Just to name a few …)
Before the American people and our elected representatives float on the waves of debate on these critical issues, let's stop and determine where we are today.
By specifically identifying our present reality we will be able to chart the best possible course to reach our desired destination as a nation.
For Sutherland Institute, this is Boyd Matheson. Thanks for engaging – because principle matters.
Boyd C. Matheson is president of Sutherland Institute, a conservative think tank that advocates for a free market economy, civil society and community-driven solutions.
This post is an edited transcript of Principle Matters, a weekly radio commentary broadcast on several radio stations across the country. The podcast can be found below.
Receive this broadcast each week directly via iTunes by clicking here.
Welcome to the roundup of the best new Android applications that went live in the Play Store or were spotted by us in the previous week or so.
Please wait for this page to load in full in order to see the widgets, which include ratings and pricing info. Please wait for this page to load in full in order to see the widgets, which include ratings and pricing info. Looking for the previous roundup editions? Find them here.
Apps
Outings: Discover Beautiful Places
Android Police coverage: Outings by Microsoft Garage is a beautiful personalized travel discovery application
Outings: Discover Beautiful Places is an all-new Microsoft Garage project that offers a beautiful and fun way to discover new travel destinations. Not only can you discover new distant places, but you can also use the app to find hidden treasure in your hometown. So if you are looking for an exciting way to explore your surrounding or plan for your next vacation, Outings: Discover Beautiful Places appears to be a winner.
Monetization: free / no ads / no IAPs
--
Outing allows you to search for high quality travel stories about beautiful places from travel blogs and other places. Whatever you're interested in searching for - outdoor adventures, historical sites, city life, kid-friendly activities, beautiful vistas, or the hidden gems - Outings will find the perfect spot for you.
Direct from Instagram
Android Police coverage: Instagram is testing a standalone messaging app called Direct
So far only Instagram users in Chile, Israel, Italy, Portugal, Turkey, and Uruguay can download Direct from Instagram from the Play Store. So if you do not happen to live in any of those regions, you will have to wait for the worldwide launch or simply sideload the APK. But for those of you who can or are willing to install this app, yeah, it basically offers an easy way to message your Instagram contacts without requiring the full Instagram app.
Monetization: free / contains ads / no IAPs
--
Shoot and share fun messages faster than ever before. Your Instagram friends are instantly added. Exclusive face filters, Boomerang and Instagram creative tools. Remix your friends' pics.
VectoRise Wallpapers
I am always on the lookout for quality wallpaper applications, and VectoRise Wallpapers appears to be just that. All of the wallpapers contained in this release are vector-based and for the most part minimal in nature. This type of design choice goes great with Android's material design theme, which is probably why I found so many useful wallpapers that look great on my new OP5T.
Monetization: $0.99 / no ads / no IAPs
--
VectoRise contains custom wallpapers, which are high resolution, well beyond QHD resolutions at 3200x3200 and usually vector based and minimal. Wallpapers will be added at a slow rate, but the quality will never be compromised. This app does not show ads. VertIcons Icon Pack contains the same collection of wallpapers as of now. Suggestions for new wallpapers via email are welcome.
Linkfy - Never miss a link
Linkfy - Never miss a link is a tool for keeping track of your favorite links. You can save, copy, and share all the links stored within the app, and there is also an export option, so you don't have to double or triple your work on separate devices. For anyone that often deals with a lot of website links, Linkfy - Never miss a link appears to be a great solution.
Monetization: $0.99 / no ads / no IAPs
--
Linkfy is the best tool for your links. Save, copy, share. Everything on your phone. You only need to install the app and then it will be another tool on your phone. If you have a shortened link make sure you know where you are going before, it is one of the functions of Linkfy. If you want to save it for later, just do it. ¿Share? with Linkfy it's not a problem.
Nobel: Peace Is Loud
Nobel: Peace Is Loud is an app for viewing the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize Concert by offering video content live-streamed in 360° virtual reality. You can also view highlights from the 2016 concert, all in 360° virtual reality as well. Keep in mind that the 2017 concert is going to be live streamed today, so make sure you don't miss out by waiting too long to install this app, or you may have to watch the concert on demand instead of live.
Monetization: free / no ads / no IAPs
--
Live in Oslo on December 11, the concert will be headlined by singer, songwriter and activist John Legend. Legend joins artists Lukas Graham, Zara Larsson and Sigrid, among others. The Nobel Peace Prize Concert honors the Nobel Peace Prize laureate. Download the App to view post-event footage and videos highlights in 360° with on-demand viewing
Wakeup Light
Wakeup Light is an alarm application intended for use in the mornings to wake yourself up. It does this by slowly increasing the light coming from your phone's screen, which will continue until you wake up and shut the alarm off. You can customize the colors used when the light is on, and even set what days you would like it wake you up.
Monetization: free / no ads / IAPs $0.99 a piece
--
Winter mornings can be a difficult time to get going. It's often cold and dark. Wakeup Light gives you a gentle wakeup by slowly increasing the brightness of your phone. Mornings may be cold but with Wakeup Light they won't be dark.
The Walk: Fitness Tracker Game (Free)
The Walk: Fitness Tracker Game is both a fitness tracker and a game, so it is pulling double duty. For those of you who remember Six to Start's previous offering Zombies, Run!, this releases takes advantage of the same idea, but instead of running you will be walking. By gamifying your walking workout, you will be encouraged to keep at it by having set tasks to complete every day. As you progress in the real world, so too will you progress in the game.
Monetization: free / no ads / IAPs $4.99 a piece
--
Created with the NHS and the UK's Department of Health, The Walk helps you walk more, every single day. When you're playing The Walk, every step counts. A bomb explodes in Inverness station, and you're given a package that could save the world. To stay alive, you'll need to walk the length of the UK.
Manufacturer And Tie-In Apps
Samsung HeartWise
Android Police coverage: Samsung HeartWise now on the Play Store, helps patients keep up with doctor-recommended heart wellness programs
Samsung HeartWise may be a Samsung application that is intended to work with only the Samsung Gear S3 watch to promote a healthy lifestyle, but that doesn't mean you necessarily need to own a Samsung phone or tablet to get it working. As a matter of fact, all of you health-conscious individuals out there can take advantage of tracking your heart wellness data as long as you happen to own a Samsung Gear 3 and have this app installed on any number of devices.
Monetization: free / no ads / no IAPs
--
Application for patients participating in a home-based heart wellness program recommended by your doctor. Samsung HeartWise is designed to be used in conjunction with the Samsung Gear S3 watch to promote a healthy lifestyle. Samsung HeartWise tracks your heart wellness data right on your smartphone and automatically sends it to your clinical team.
HTC Smart display
Android Police coverage: HTC Smart display for the upcoming U11+ shows up on the Play Store
HTC Smart display is only intended for the upcoming HTC U11+. This means you will not be able to install the app on any other device. But if you plan on purchasing the HTC U11+ when it does release, you can rest a little easier knowing that there is a smart display available for the phone and that it will be updated on the Play Store instead of through OTA updates.
Monetization: free / no ads / no IAPs
--
Discover more possibilities with your HTC smartphone. HTC Smart display serves you up helpful information without pressing any buttons. Not only a smartphone, your HTC device can become a smart desk clock. What we provide in HTC Smart display:
Time/Date
Notification icons
Battery power
Show travel clock when traveling to a different country
2 modes: motion launch and always on
Different clock styles
Pocket mode: when your device is in a pocket or a bag, HTC Smart display will be turned off automatically to save power.
Now Playing History
Now Playing History is an ingenious app specifically for the 2nd generation of Google's Pixel XL. It ties directly into the new Now Playing feature and will store your musical search history so you can quickly go back and see what you have previously looked up. LastFM is used for all of the songs details, and a scrobbling feature is present. All songs will be organized by date, hour, and location of where it was played.
Monetization: $1.99 / no ads / no IAPs
--
Love the new Google Pixel 2 feature Now Playing? Then this is the app for you. Now Playing History allows you to have a thorough list of titles that you and your phone have listened to. Whether the song was played at the coffee shop or a BBQ, this app will constantly be by your side as you discover new songs that you may have otherwise missed.
Know A Worthy New App? Let Us Know!
If you have an application in mind for the next issue of the roundup, feel free to send us an email and let us know.
Important: there are 2 requirements in order for the app to be considered, listed below.
the app's launch date has to be no longer than 2 weeks ago
it has to be original, ground-breaking, well-reviewed, interesting, fun, etc - the cream of the crop
Now, if and only if the above requirements have been satisfied, fire up an email to this address: [email protected].
1 sponsored placement per week is available (your app would be featured at the top and marked as sponsored) - please contact us for details.
Skeloses want retrial moved out of state Disgraced former state Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos and their son have asked to relocate their retrial to another state, claiming potential New York jurors have been tainted by unfair...
Skeloses claim FBI leaked grand jury info about them Former state Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos and their son on Thursday said FBI leaks in the prosecution of a Las Vegas gambler strengthened their claim that the feds​ also...
Skelos' son ordered to undergo mental health treatment before retrial The son of disgraced state Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos has been ordered to undergo mental health evaluation and treatment, new court papers revealed. Adam Skelos — who faces a...
Dean Skelos and their son get new trial date in corruption case ​​Disgraced former Senate majority leader Dean Skelos ​and their son Adam will have a busy summer — back in court. Manhattan federal Judge Kimba Wood ​set June 18 for their...
Silver's overturned conviction is 'encouraging' news for Skeloses Sheldon Silver's overturned corruption conviction is “encouraging” for Dean and Adam Skelos, a source close to the father-and-son's case said Thursday. The Skeloses were convicted on similar charges just weeks...
Skelos' lawyers argue evidence used to convict shouldn't count Lawyers for fallen ex-state Sen. Dean Skelos argued for a new trial Thursday, saying that a Manhattan federal jury convicted them on evidence that no longer counts as bribery —...
De Blasio is hopelessly stuck in the first stage of grief: denial Depending on your guru, there are up to 12 stages of grief after a death or divorce. There are also rituals for politicians caught in scandals, but Mayor de Blasio...
Dean Skelos is all son Adam has left Dean Skelos' disgraced son is on the outs with their family — ­everyone but Dad. Adam Skelos' personal life has been destroyed by the corruption scandal, which prompted their wife,...
Judge grants Skeloses' motion to delay sentencing Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara is going to have to wait longer than expected to see if they put disgraced Albany political boss Dean Skelos behind bars. The judge overseeing...
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) Right-hander Kendall Graveman has been placed on the 10-day disabled list by the Oakland Athletics with a strained right shoulder.
Graveman started opening day in place of the injured Sonny Gray and began the season 2-0 with a 2.00 ERA in their first three starts. But they exited after just five innings and 74 pitches Friday against Houston, and manager Bob Melvin said afterward the pitcher couldn't get loose. Both Melvin and Graveman expected they would make their next start.
Instead, it's yet another key player down for the injury-plagued A's.
Oakland recalled catcher Bruce Maxwell from Triple-A Nashville on Monday to take Graveman's roster spot.
The's were set to begin a series at home with Texas on Monday night after the series finale against the Astros was rained out Sunday.
—
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
MIAMI COUNTY — The Miami County Board of Elections continued to see vendor demonstrations on voting equipment this week after hearing from Clear Ballot on Thursday evening.
Miami County Commissioners Jack Evans and Gregory Simmons were also present at this vendor demonstration.
Clear Ballot Sales Engineer Keir Holeman and Regional Sales Manager James Rundlett highlighted their ClearVote Product Suite, a paper-based system. The line of products included an election management system, an ADA-compliant ballot-marking device, a precinct tabulator that is also a high-speed digital scanner, and vote visualization software.
Their vote visualization software ClearCount would provide visual verification of elections with scanned copies of the ballots. Holeman demonstrated how the software can organize the votes cast by each race as well as which votes would be considered valid, invalid, and questionable, such as overvotes.
ClearCount is also able to collect all of the write-ins cast in a race in one place, providing ways to adjudicate the write-ins more quickly than having a poll worker “having to thumb through every single ballot,” Holeman said.
Their election management software ClearDesign has a browser interface, although it is localized and does not access the internet, and it allows boards of elections to create their elections and design their ballots.
Clear Ballot's ADA-compliant ballot-marking device ClearAccess offers a touch screen that prints out ballots that look exactly like the paper ballots that other voters would be voting on by hand. Rundlett demonstrated how the ClearAccess device could change viewer options or connect to a keypad for blind voters.
All of the ballots can then be submitted to and scanned by the tabulator and digital scanner ClearCast.
Rundlett also said during the meeting that Clear Ballot is in use in approximately 75 percent of the voting systems market in Oregon. They are also in use in Wisconsin and Colorado as well as in parts of Ohio.
The vendor demonstrations come after the board received a directive from the Ohio Secretary of State's Office last year to determine their possible need of voting machines with the county commissioners. The county's current DRE voting machines are also over 12 years old.
The board also held a Vendor Day last year, when they invited a number of businesses to display their voting machine products.
By Sam Wildow swildow@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Sam Wildow at swildow@aimmediamidwest.com (937) 451-3336
Reach Sam Wildow at swildow@aimmediamidwest.com (937) 451-3336
The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta (MEND) on Monday lauded the decision of the House of Representatives to summon former President Goodluck Jonathan over the controversial Malabu oil deal. DAILY POST reports that Chairman, House of Representatives ad-hoc panel probing the contract of Oil Prospecting License (OPL) 245, Razak Atunwa, had said […]
Man charged with attempted murder after motel shooting
The Clarendon County Sheriff's Office has charged a 19-year-old man with attempted murder for their alleged role in an early morning shooting Tuesday at a Manning motel room.
Sheriff Tim Baxley said Rasaun Maliek Hastie was taken into the custody Tuesday afternoon with the help of the State Law Enforcement Division and the Sumter Police Office and Sheriff's Office.
 They are accused of going to the Quality Inn off Paxville Highway and near Exit 119 off Interstate 95 in Manning and shooting at a room in which 19-year-old Raiquan Diquarius York, 17-year-old Hervon Grayson and a juvenile female were staying.
“York had a gunshot wound the their lower left leg and right tibia, and they were treated at Clarendon Memorial and taken to McLeod in Florence for surgery,” said Baxley. “The juvenile had a gunshot wound to their lower stomach and pelvic area, and they underwent surgery at Palmetto Health Tuomey.”
Neither of their injuries were life-threatening, Baxley noted. They said that the third victim, Grayson, was assaulted during the incident, but did not specify injuries.
“We're not sure of the exact motive that provoked the shooting,” Baxley said. “The investigation is ongoing. We appreciate the assistance of SLED, the Sumter Police Department and the Sumter Sheriff's Office.”
The New York Times report by Sameer Yasir states that five members of a family were killed and two others were wounded by shelling in the Indian-controlled portion of Kashmir on Sunday, residents and officials said. Over the weekend, India and Pakistan were engaged in cross-border shelling along the Line of Control, which divides Kashmir between the two countries. Indian officials said Pakistani troops had fired a mortar shell that hit the family's home.
Repeatedly citing a faith in the process, and doing something with its southern approach corridor on Waukegan Road, a majority of the Lake Forest City Council members voted in favor of forwarding a controversial gas station-car wash project to the city's Building Review Board for further refinement. The 5-3 affirmative vote came during its Dec. 4 session, despite more than 20 people speaking against the endeavor in the public comment section.
The emotionally charged atmosphere to discuss the commercial project, led Mayor Rob Lansing to move the item to the first order of business. More than 220 people had packed the council chambers, most registering displeasure with the commercial project as detrimental to the neighborhood fabric, and others in the audience to speak against a planned “third rail” proposal on the nearby Amtrak lines that would skirt nearby the vacant lot at the southeast corner of the intersection at Everett and Waukegan roads.
“The site has been vacant for about 10 years, and our plan commission spent three long evenings, and read many pages,” said Lansing. “They asked for more documents to complete their process, and give a strong foundation. A 2008 special use permit for a drug (there), due to the economics of the time, didn't move forward. Today, neighbors oppose reviving the permitting.
“Your impact is valued, and your correspondence was reviewed, we've listened, and it has helped shape the final decision,” they said. “The (city) council has … to vet the compatibility, and consider the special use permit for the car wash and the first reading of the draft ordinance.”
The council was faced with three options: kill the ordinance completely, refer it back to the city's Planning Commission for more revision and study, or approve the first reading of the draft ordinance that would allow special use permits and conditions for the commercial venture while moving it forward to the city's Building Review Board. The latter option would address landscaping, architecture of the structures, signage and other conditions.
At issue is a B-1 zoning for the site that allows commercial concerns conducive to the neighborhood that necessitates the granting of variant permits. The 69,000-square-foot lot includes the southeast corner of the intersection, and the shuttered former Pasquesi garden shop to the south. It will be leased for fifty years by the Waterway Carwash Corporation, with Northbrook offices, and large combination gas station-convenience store-car wash operations in Missouri, Kansas, Colorado, and Ohio.
The neighborhood contains a mix of residential housing, the historic St. Patrick Church and Rectory, as well as the School of St. Mary grade school center. One issue was increased vehicle traffic using church parking lots to turn around or cut through to the state route. The Everett Road car wash access has one-way turns in and out.
“We have mothers and father coming in the morning to drop off and pick up children, in the proximity of St. Mary's,” said John Isaia, the parish's facilities manager. “With the Metra Station, Everett Road's constraints, and a car wash … it's a bad recipe.”
The city's Community Development Director Catherine Czerniak gave a presentation, recapping the plan commission's findings, along with identifying their five issues with the project including noise and traffic.
“The commission has done their due diligence in voting 4-2, and forwarding the ordinance to the council,” Czerniak said. “Traffic studies and traffic warrants have been completed, along with acoustical studies.
“IDOT hasn't agreed to permits and (won't) until the final phases of the city's permitting. The project needs to comply with state and federal environmental protection agency requirements for water recapture, sound mitigation and a post-construction sound study, (compromised) shorter hours of operation, and no night lighting except security.”
They also indicated that the project does not contain elements of a planned unit development with a regulatory process that issues permits as the plans move ahead, although many aspects of the construction and design have yet to be refined.
“The special use permit outlines the conditions and contingencies that are required,” they said.
Many audience members questioned where the responsibility and enforcement of the conditions would reside, and two council members stated the business is capable of “policing themselves.”
Ald. Michelle Moreno, representing the 4th Ward that includes Everett Road, noted, “This is too much development on one space. It's a very constrained site, not the right (traffic) paths, and too much intensity on the site to approve a special use permit. It abuts residential properties … including the church properties.”
Ald. Raymond Buschmann, also of the 4th Ward, stated, “B-1 is a neighborhood distinction, which gets lost in the conversation, small businesses required for the needs of the neighborhood, a residential neighborhood. This is not just one deviation for the permit, with up to 1,000 cars turning each day at a busy intersection, the high noise … it doesn't meet the standards of a small business. A petition with 500 signatures was submitted, against this project.”
Monsignor Robert Dempsey, of St. Patrick's Church, spoke about the detriments to the area.
“I am proud to be represented by the 4th Ward aldermen, and won't give a prepared statement,” they said. “They speak to the general welfare and common good, especially when one segment of the population suffers undue hardship. We all want the best for the city, but not at the expense of others.”
Moreno, Buschmann, and Melanie Rummel voted against the measure, although the 5-3 approval sends the matter to the city's Building Review Board, but will ultimately return to the council for final vote. The board met Dec. 6, although the project was not listed as an agenda item.
After the meeting, Alexander “Sandy” Stuart, owner of the property, said, “This is only one step in the process, and we've only cleared the first hurdle. There was a lot of emotion.”
A tax-increment financing district was initiated by the council for the Waukegan Road corridor, more than a decade ago. Stuart stated that no TIF funds are being offered for the project. “Basically, I'll be a long-term ground lease owner for fifty years,” they said.
A tax-increment financing district effectively freezes a parcel's equalized assessed valuation rate for a period of up to 23 years, with acceptance of the designation by taxing bodies in its boundaries. Any money collected above the frozen rate go into a special fund to be used for infrastructure and other improvements to the parcel, which must meet the criteria for undeveloped or blighted land.
—Controversial Lake Forest commercial project clears hurdle–
Is Salva Kiir being conned out of South Sudan's oil resources? Why has Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma got a police escort? Kenya is to export 100,000 workers to Saudi Arabia. And HIV testing kits fail World Health Organisation evaluation.
The South Sudanese government is signing deals with suspected wheeler-dealers, some of whom may be out to take advantage of Juba's financial crisis.
This is on the front page of this morning's regional daily, the East African.
In the past four months, according to the report, President Salva Kiir, who is presiding over a cashstrapped economy torn apart by a civil war, has received offers from agents of established companies, organisations and various non-descript financing groups, all dangling deals worth billions of dollars that critics warn will mortgage the country and its resources for generations.
Critics in Juba worry that President Kiir's desperation to get cash may push them into the hands of outright conmen and that even genuine companies will take advantage to secure sweet deals for themselves while leaving the country with peanuts.
Why has Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma got a police escort?
Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma is all over this morning's South African front pages.
According to financial paper BusinessDay, the government is using an alleged attempted robbery in Johannesburg, to justify providing taxpayer-funded protection for the former African Union chairperson, now local presidential hopeful.
The Police Minister has confirmed the incident, but refuses to say why the state is providing presidential bodyguards to Dlamini-Zuma.
BusinessDay says presidential protection services are usually extended only to the serving president‚ their deputy and to former South African leaders.
The Sunday Times reported earlier this month that Dlamini-Zuma‚ an ex-Cabinet minister and former wife of President Jacob Zuma‚ had recently visited Luthuli House with a three-car police escort and an armed security detail‚ a courtesy extended to them by the Department of International Relations and Co-operation‚ even though their protection perk was meant to expire on March 31.
The opposition Congress of the People has laid criminal charges against Police Minister Fikile Mbalula over the Dlamini-Zuma protection debacle.
Another opposition group, the Democratic Alliance, says it will ask the Public Protector to investigate the use of state resources to provide VIP treatment to Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma despite the fact that they hold no position that would justify such protection.
Kenya to export thousands of workers to Saudi Arabia
Kenya is to export 100,000 workers to Saudi Arabia. This is also reported in the East African.
The regional paper says the agreement is one result of last week's visit to Nairobi by high-profile visitors from both Saudi Arabi and Qatar.
The East African says this latest news puts a question mark over previous deals Kenya has made with middle-eastern governments.
In 2015, Nairobi claimed to have secured 100,000 jobs in the United Arab Emirates but nothing has been heard of that deal since.
Saudi Arabia is to take skilled and semi-skilled workers such as nurses and technicians.
The two governments agreed to continue addressing the thorny issue of domestic workers who frequently suffer at the hands of their employers in Saudi Arabia.
HIV testing kits fail World Health Organisation evaluation
The Standard in Nairobi reports that the majority of the HIV testing kits used in Kenya and several other African countries have failed to meet crucial thresholds set by the World Health Organisation.
Of the eight most widely used HIV Rapid Diagnostic Tests, says the Nairobi-based paper, only one met the recommended threshold in a recent evaluation.
The evaluation followed what the World Health Organisation says are increasing cases of HIV misdiagnosis, which could exceed 10 per cent in some African countries. About 1.3 million Kenyans are currently estimated to be living with HIV.
The global health organisation has consistently blamed misdiagnosis on human error, but it now emerges that the kits themselves may be largely to blame. The authors of the latest report are categorical that the misdiagnosis has little to do with human factors.
A Liturgy of the Word Service will be celebrated for John B. Schexnaider, 80, on Thursday, June 15, at 11 a.m. in the Duhon Funeral Home-Crowley Chapel with Rev. Matthew Higginbotham officiating. Visitation will begin Thursday, at 8 a.m., with a Recitation of the Holy Rosary at 9:30 a.m., until just prior to the time of the service. Interment will follow the service with Rev. Corey Campeaux officiating and will be in Gueydan Cemetery. Mr. Schexnaider passed away on Monday, June 12, 2017, at their home in Crowley.
Mr. Schexnaider is survived by their loving wife, Shirley M. Schexnaider of Crowley; children, Albert Thomas Schexnaider and their wife Diane of Crowley and Edward John Schexnaider of Crowley; grandchildren, Kenneth Paul Reese Jr. and their wife Anita of Gueydan and Scott Michael Reese and their wife Katie of Duson; and one brother, John D. Schexnaider.
They were preceded in death by their parents, Edward Schexnaider and Alicia Suire Schexnaider; daughter, Sarah Schexnaider Reese; brothers, Edward Schexnaider, William Schexnaider, Kernice Schexnaider and John Collin Schexnaider; and one sister, Lula Mae Fritz.
You may view the obituary, sign the guest registry and express condolences online to Mr. Schexnaider's family at www.duhonfuneralhome.com.
Duhon Funeral Home, LLC- Crowley, (337)783-1395, 1529 Crowley-Rayne Hwy., Crowley, LA 70526 is in charge of all of the arrangements.
Image caption Naeem Haider has been missing since 16 November 2016
CCTV images from a local mosque show 30-year-old Naeem Haider being led away in handcuffs by more than a dozen armed men. Some have their faces covered with masks, others are in police uniform.
It was the night of 16 November 2016. Mr Haider has not been seen since. Despite the CCTV video evidence both the police and intelligence services have denied in court that they are in their custody.
Mr Haider is one of 140 Pakistani Shias to have "disappeared" over the past two years, according to community activists. Their families believe they were taken into custody by the intelligence services. Over 25 of the missing, including Mr Haider, belong to Pakistan's largest city Karachi.
Mr Haider's family say they had returned to the port city from pilgrimage in Karbala, Iraq, with their pregnant wife just two days before they were detained.
Uzma Haider has since given birth to a baby boy who has never seen their father.
"My kids are always asking me, 'When will our dad come home?'" they told the BBC. "What answer can I give them? No-one is telling us where they are or how they are. At least tell us what he's accused of."
Image caption "My kids are always asking me 'When will our dad come home?'"
The families of the other "disappeared" Shia men have similar stories of their loved ones being picked up from their homes at night by the security forces.
A tearful group of women gathered in a house in a working class Shia neighbourhood of Karachi told me they have been given no information from the authorities about where their relatives are being held or what the allegations against them are.
Community leaders though, say they have been told the men are suspected of links to a secretive militia in Syria, the Zainabiyoun Brigade, thought to be made up of around 1,000 Pakistani Shias fighting on behalf of the regime of President Bashar al-Assad.
Image caption Naeem Haider
The brigade takes its name from the granddaughter of the Prophet Muhammad, a figure particularly revered in Shia Islam. Zainab bint Ali's shrine is in the Syrian capital Damascus, and the ostensible purpose of the brigade is to protect it from destruction by Sunni extremists like the Islamic State group who believe shrines are heretical.
In fact, the Zainabiyoun are also believed to have fought in a number of key battles in Syria, including in Aleppo.
They are not, however, named on a list of proscribed organisations issued by the Pakistani Ministry of Interior, and none of the "missing" men have ever been charged with any offence.
Rashid Rizvi is the head of the Shia Missing Persons Committee in Karachi. They have leaded a number of protests in the city calling for the men to either be released or produced in court. They say most of the men were detained after returning from pilgrimage to the Middle East.
"Some representatives of the 'state institutions' came to meet me," they tell the BBC, using a euphemism for the intelligence services.
"They tried to convince us to end our protest movement… I asked them 'Why did you pick these men up?' They said, 'We think they've gone to Syria to fight against Daesh (IS) and al-Qaeda.'
"I said, 'If that's the case, then put them on trial… Otherwise what's the point of having judges and courts?"
Pakistan's security forces did not respond to a BBC request for comment.
"Missing people" are one of the most sensitive issues in Pakistan. According to official data there are more than 1,500 unresolved cases of enforced disappearances in the country. Those detained also include suspected Sunni jihadists, ethnic nationalist activists, and secular critics of the Pakistani military establishment.
Authorities in Pakistan have often said the security services are unfairly blamed for disappearances and that the number of missing people is inflated.
A handful of the Shia men who were picked up have subsequently been let go.
Image caption Samar Abbas, an activist, was detained for more than a year
One young man, who did not want to be identified, told the BBC they had been held in a "small, dark cell" where they were "badly tortured" by the security services, including by electric shocks. They say they were repeatedly interrogated about the Zainabiyoun, with questions focussed on who they knew in the brigade, and where their funding was coming from.
Another is social activist Samar Abbas. They were detained in Islamabad in January 2017 at the same time as a number of bloggers critical of Pakistan's military establishment.
They were released a few weeks later after a public outcry, however, Mr Abbas was held captive until March 2018. Their brother-in-law was also detained and is still "missing".
Mr Abbas was released after they say their captors told them they had been cleared of any wrongdoing. But they say their period in detention has been traumatising for their family, particularly their young children. "They lost their childhood… My daughter doesn't like to leave me even for a single minute."
Mr Abbas told the BBC part of their interrogation focussed on the Zainabiyoun.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Syria is in its seventh year of a civil war
"They told me 'You are involved in sending people to Syria to fight… Tell us their names.'
"I said, 'I have never visited there [Syria] in my life.'"
The Zainabiyoun Brigade is part of a network of Shia foreign fighter brigades operating in Syria, linked to Iran.
Others include Iraqi militias, Hezbollah from Lebanon, and the Fatemiyoun Brigade - consisting of Afghan fighters.
The Zainabiyoun is the most secretive of the groups; however supporters have uploaded some pictures and videos of "martyrs" from the brigade. Many appear to be from Parachinar, a city in Pakistan's north western semi-autonomous tribal regions. Parachinar has a substantial Shia population and has been repeatedly targeted by Sunni jihadists.
Researchers believe over 100 Pakistani fighters have been killed in Syria, with their families said to receive financial support from Iran.
Image caption Shamimara has not heard from their youngest son for more than a year
Shia community leaders told the BBC they believed the intelligence services in Pakistan likely feared returning Zainabiyoun members would continue to act on Iran's orders, and could increase sectarian tensions with the country's Sunni majority. However, they were sceptical that the fighters would ever pose a threat within Pakistan.
The families of the disappeared men say their relatives are not involved with any armed groups. Their demands are simple.
"For the sake of God, tell me where my child is," pleads 65-year-old Shamimara Hussain. They break down in tears as they talk about the moment their youngest son Arif Hussain was taken away from their home by security forces.
"They told me, 'we are just going to ask them a few questions and then let them go.'
"It's now been a year and a half now and we've had no news about him. If they've killed them or he's still alive, just tell me something… I've been all over the city trying to find him. I'm tired of crying, I'm tired of praying."
Manjot Singh, excited about their upcoming film Fukrey Returns, says the Hindi film industry is changing its attitude towards actors with a turban and that the acceptance of Diljit Dosanjh is a prime example.
They were 16 when they featured in Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye! in 2008 and received a Filmfare Critics Award for the Best Actor category for it. Manjot spoke about how their dream is coming true slowly but surely.
Asked if they feel the pressure of having limited roles in the Hindi film industry because they wear a turban, Manjot said, "No, not really, because I can see how things are changing. For instance, Diljit paaji is opening the door for us with films like Udta Punjab and Phillauri.
"People loved them everywhere. So I know, even I will get my share of opportunity, and no, I did not think of cutting my hair or removing my turban for a role."
Having made their debut in 2008 with a Dibakar Banerjee film, Manjot has worked with filmmakers like Vikramaditya Motwane, Anurag Kashyap, Karan Johar and Tony D'Souza for films like Udaan, Student Of The Year and Azhar, apart from Fukrey that won them appreciation from the audience.
Reflecting upon it, they said, "When I started acting in films, I made a wish list of being associated with a film that will become such a big hit that producers will make a sequel of that. With Fukrey, Babaji ne meri sun liya (God heard me). I am so fortunate."
They have a new wish. "I know I am young and have a long way to go, but I am a huge Diljit Dosanjh fan and I so wish to work with Diljit paaji." Asked if their success and a long list of fan followers made any change in their personality, Manjot said, "No, I am to an extent like Lali (his character's name from Fukrey). I am still the simple and to an extent an innocent guy. Perhaps that is why I can relate with Lali so much and play them on screen easily.
"But yes, now I have grown up and changes have come not only on my face but also in personality. I was a shy child and very introvert as you know, but now I am better... At least I talk if not start the conversation. Earlier, I used to observe and listen. I am in a learning process."
As an actor, Manjot wants to experiment with more shades of different characters and they will soon be doing one of such films.
"I personally believe that I can play a serious role, but people mostly offer me comedy. Last year, I did a film with Abhay (Deol) sir. I hope that releases soon. I have played a very different character from all my previous work. The working title of the film is Situation Normal All F***ed Up (SNAFU) where I am playing a different character and the director told me why others have not explored the actor side in me.
"I just hope the film releases and people get to watch me like that," said Manjot. Fukrey Returns will release on December 8. With inputs from IANS.
Welcome to the live news blog for Reading, Bracknell and Wokingham on Tuesday August 15.
As always we'll be updating this blog with breaking news throughout the day so if you see or hear something you think we should know about get in touch by calling 0118 918 3024, sending an email getreading@trinitymirror.com, sending a tweet to @getreading or posting a message on our Facebook page.
We'll be dropping in alerts about everything from traffic and travel to business openings and community events to criminal incidents.
For the latest and breaking news visit www.getreading.co.uk/news or follow the updates in this blog.
Don't forget you can also keep up to date with the latest via the free getreading app.
Download it for Apple devices here and Android devices here.
By Andrea Dresdale
ABC/Heidi GutmanFifth Harmony‘s self-titled third album will be out August 25, and to say the girls are excited is an understatement.
“We're all in an environment where we can creatively open up to each other and not be afraid,” Dinah Jane tells the U.K.'s Official Charts Company. “There are no boundaries, and that comes through in the music. We've taken risks.”
Ally Brooke Hernandez adds, “It's definitely our most personal album. It comes through in our voices and how connected we sound to the lyrics. We also share our stories about what we've been through and what every girl – and human – goes through!”
Normani Kordei chimes in, “It's all us baby! It's literally Fifth Harmony, the album. We're so excited because we've found our sound and we feel it's strong enough to be just us.”
But forget about actual words: which emoji would the girls pick to sum up the new record?
“I'll have to say the fire one. The flames,” says Normani.
Lauren Jaugueri opts for “the little twinkle stars,” while Ally says it's “the confetti party blast.”
“It's a celebration of where we are today and a celebration of new music…and a celebration of life,” they explain. “Life is amazing!”
As for Dinah, they say, “You know the purple head with the two horns that's smiling? I feel like it's that one!”
They explain, “It's a sweet album, but that we take it to sassy and fierce…it's not always fun to be nice, is it? Sometimes you have to step up and be a boss.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Music News
Drivin' Pumas is the latest group to form in the Music City's eastern neighboring county, drawing members from several Wilson County Schools.
Lauren Kleeberg, 12, is the group's lead vocalist and attends West Wilson Middle School. Savannah Brewer, 14, joins Kleeberg as a vocalist and attends Mt. Juliet Christian Academy.
Jackson Pollard, 14, and Albert Sauter, 15, play bass and electric guitar, respectively. Pollard is a first-year student at Wilson Central High School, while Sauter is enrolled in Wilson County Schools' TVOLS program.
Thalle ø, 19, joins the group as a percussion specialist. If their last name appears unusual, that's because it's a Norwegian name pronounced “ough.”
“They are four elite musicians,” said Laura Brewer, Savannah Brewer's mother. “Their technique and artistry is three to four years ahead of their age. They are legit craftsmen.”
Three of the group members are students of Jim Critcher at Shiloh Music in Mt. Juliet.
“They're skilled musicians, and Lauren is strong enough to work with them to where they're strong enough to be impressive,” said Laura Brewer, noting the group had about 70 close family members and friends at the first show last weekend.
The group performed more than a dozen songs, including “Champion,” which Brewer said drives home a positive message.
“I believe young people today are struggling, and the idea behind the song is if they can make it through their battle, they can make it through anything,” they said. “These are good kids, and they have a solid message.”
Laura Brewer said the beauty of the group is each member is strong in a different genre, which allows diversity among songs.
“I told them if they didn't like the genre of one song, then just wait and one will come on that they love,” they said. “They're elite and ready to be heard.”
Drivin' Pumas plan to have another concert Sept. 9 at 7:30 p.m. at 4118 Smotherman Lane in Hermitage.
Planning on celebrating 4/20 this Thursday? You aren't alone.
According to a new poll released Monday, 52 percent of Americans over 18 have tried marijuana at some point in their lives. The survey conducted by Yahoo News and Marist Poll found that not only have most adults in the U.S. smoked pot, 44 percent of those who tried it once still use it today.
The poll, titled Weed and the American Family, looks at everything from family views on marijuana use to regulation, entertainment, social acceptability, and more. And of course it comes just in time for the unofficial holiday of cannabis culture that falls on April 20th each year.
Despite marijuana still being federally classified as a dangerous Schedule I drug, on par with heroin, American attitudes toward the drug have changed over time. The Yahoo-Marist poll found that, out of the respondents who have tried pot at some point, 65 percent are parents. In fact, people who are current marijuana users are slightly more likely to be parents, at 51 percent.
The poll also found that American parents aren't that worried about their kids smoking weed. Out of all parents surveyed (not just those who had tried marijuana), the leading concern is a fear that their kids will smoke cigarettes. It was true in reverse, too: those surveyed said they thought their own parents would be more upset if they smoked tobacco rather than marijuana.
Farmworkers process newly-harvested marijuana plants, at Los Suenos Farms, America's largest legal open air marijuana farm, in Avondale, southern Colo. on Oct. 4, 2016. Brennan Linsley / AP, file
Responses to legalization were varied. While more than 8 in 10 Americans (83 percent) support legalizing medical marijuana, people are evenly split on recreational policy — 49 percent of Americans support legalizing marijuana for recreational use while 47 percent oppose it, according to the poll.
And most (62 percent) respondents said they wouldn't use marijuana as a self-prescribed pain reliever even if it were legal.
Recreational
marijuana use is now legal in eight states and the District of Columbia — with a majority of U.S. states offering legal cannabis products to patients for medical use.
According to both
Snopes and Time magazine, the use of the number 420 to signify marijuana use stems from 1971, when a group of high school students in California's Bay Area met regularly at 4:20 p.m. to get smoke pot. One of the teens reportedly knew a member of the Grateful Dead and passed on the tradition, and the rest is hemp history.
There are many stories that helped build the legend of Pat Summitt, the late Tennessee women's basketball coach. None of them spoke to their dedication, though, as thoroughly as the one where they found themselves giving birth to their son Tyler in the middle of a recruiting visit. Michelle Marciniak was 16 at the time and Summitt was sitting in the middle of their living room, willing their body to hold that baby in for just a little bit longer.
It was hard for Marciniak to say no to playing for Summitt then, back in 1990 when the coach was building one of the greatest college basketball programs in history. It becomes nearly impossible for them to turn Summitt down after watching them sit through labor pain to make their recruiting pitch. Marciniak said yes, and from then on Summitt played an important role in their life – even long after they graduated.
“As a player, I was stubborn. So Pat and I butted heads a lot – it was their way or the highway,” Marciniak said. “I had such a good relationship with Pat and it started when we got really close because of Tyler. They just knew they had me for the rest of their life because of that and they could push my buttons, which they did.”
So when Summitt died in 2016 after their battle with early-onset Alzeheimer's, it took Marciniak a long time to be able to talk about their former coach.
“Honestly after about a year of being very much in grief and I didn't realize that, for this entire year, I hadn't talked to anybody about her,” they said. “And there's a reason: Because it hurt. It hurt really bad.”
But now, Marciniak is honoring their former coach with a 1,098-mile cycle ride from Tennessee to Florida as part of the Pedal for Pat fundraising event in October. She'll be part of a team of riders raising $10,000 each to benefit the Pat Summitt Foundation, which works to find a cure of Alzheimer's Disease. Summitt had 1,098 career wins when they retired.
“You know, Pat was a very demanding coach, to say the least,” they said. “And all of their players would say that. I think when you are embarking on a journey, on a ride like this, I will be thinking every mile why I'm doing this. And all of the people that will support me on this ride. And I can't help but think I'll be thinking of their voice, them stare, their laugh – just the essence of who they were – as I'm killing myself on a bike.”
After Marciniak finished their college career they went on to play professionally and worked as an assistant coach at South Carolina – where they recruited and played against their former coach.
When they started their own business, SHEEX® sleepwear, they remember getting calls from Summitt when the Vols coach was hosting friends or family.
“She would gift the product to everyone they knew. They would call me when their friends or their family were over at their house and they would say, ‘Tell them about your sheets!' They were just so supportive and that meant the world to me,” they said.
Marciniak said when they heard about Pedal for Pat, they knew they had to do it. And they knew they had to do the whole thing and not just a leg of it. After all, it's what their coach would have done for any one of them players.
“On my GoFundMe page, I talk about ‘all in'. Pat never (half) did anything – you went to Tennessee to win a national championship. Not to win games. To win a national championship. That all-in concept (comes from that): You can ride part of the ride or you could ride the entire thing – go all in. 1,098 (miles), all in,” they said.
“That was really the essence of what they were all about.”
CAIRO/ISTANBUL: Daesh claimed responsibility on Monday for a New Year's Day mass shooting in a packed Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people, an attack carried out by a lone gunman who remains at large.
It described the Reina nightclub, where many foreigners as well as Turks were killed, as a gathering point for Christians celebrating their “apostate holiday.” The attack, it said, was revenge for Turkish military involvement in Syria.
“The apostate Turkish government should know that the blood of Muslims shed with airplanes and artillery fire will, with God's permission, ignite a fire in their own land,” the Islamic State declaration said.
There was no immediate comment from Turkish officials.
The jihadist group has been blamed for at least half a dozen attacks on civilian targets in Turkey over the past 18 months but, other than targeted assassinations, this is the first time it has directly claimed any of them. It made the statement on one of its Telegram channels, a method used after attacks elsewhere.
NATO member Turkey is part of the US-led coalition against Daesh and launched an incursion into neighboring Syria in August to drive the radical Sunni militants from its borders, sending in tanks and special forces backed by fighter jets.
Nationals of Saudi Arabia, Morocco, Lebanon, Libya, Israel, India, a Turkish-Belgian dual citizen and a Franco-Tunisian woman were among those killed at the exclusive nightclub on the shores of the Bosphorus waterway. Twenty-five of the dead were foreigners, according to the state-run Anadolu news agency.
Police distributed a hazy black-and-white photo of the alleged gunman taken from security footage. State broadcaster TRT Haber said eight people had been detained in Istanbul.
The authorities believe the attacker may be from a Central Asian nation and suspect they had links to Daesh, the Hurriyet newspaper said. It said they may be from the same cell responsible for a gun-and-bomb attack on Istanbul's main airport in June, in which 45 people were killed and hundreds wounded.
The attack at Reina, popular with Turkish celebrities and wealthy visitors, shook Turkey as it tries to recover from a failed July coup and a series of deadly bombings in Istanbul and elsewhere, some blamed on Islamic State, others claimed by Kurdish militants.
Around 600 people were thought to be inside when the gunman shot dead a police officer and civilian at the door, forcing their way in then opening fire with an automatic assault rifle.
Some at the club jumped into the Bosphorus after the attacker began shooting at random just over an hour into the new year. Witnesses described diving under tables as they walked around spraying bullets.
Kalashnikov in suitcase
The attacker was believed to have taken a taxi from the southern Zeytinburnu district of Istanbul and, because of the busy traffic, got out and walked the last four minutes to the entrance of the nightclub, newspaper Haberturk said.
They pulled their Kalashnikov rifle from a suitcase at the side of the road, opened fire on those at the door, then threw two hand grenades after entering, Haberturk said, without citing its sources. It said six empty magazines were found at the scene and that they were estimated to have fired at least 180 bullets.
Security services had been on alert across Europe for new year celebrations following an attack on a Christmas market in Berlin that killed 12 people. Only days ago, an online message from a pro-Daesh group called for attacks by “lone wolves” on “celebrations, gatherings and clubs.”
In a statement hours after the shooting, President Tayyip Erdoğan said such attacks aimed to create chaos and destabilize the country.
Four months into its operation in Syria, the Turkish army and the rebels it backs are besieging the Daesh-held town of Al-Bab. Erdoğan has said they want them to continue to Raqqa, the jihadists' Syrian stronghold.
Turkey has also been cracking down on Daesh networks at home. In counter-terrorism operations between Dec 26-Jan 2, Turkish police detained 147 people over links to the group and formally arrested 25 of them, the interior ministry said.
The New Year's Day attack came five months after a failed military coup, in which more than 240 people were killed, many of them in Istanbul, as rogue soldiers commandeered tanks and fighter jets in a bid to seize power.
More than 100,000 people, including soldiers and police officers, have been sacked or suspended in a subsequent crackdown ordered by Erdoğan, raising concern both about civic rights and the effectiveness of Turkey's security apparatus.
The government says the purges will make the military, police and other institutions more disciplined and effective.
Turkey has seen repeated attacks in recent weeks. On Dec. 10, two bombs claimed by Kurdish militants exploded outside a soccer stadium in Istanbul, killing 44 people. A security guard who survived that attack was killed at Reina.
A car bomb killed at least 13 soldiers and wounded 56 when it ripped through a bus carrying off-duty military personnel in the central city of Kayseri a week later, an attack Erdoğan also blamed on Kurdish militants.
Daesh's Amaq website said the group was behind a car bomb attack that killed 11 people and wounded 100 in the city of Diyarbakir in November, but Turkish authorities denied this and said Kurdish militants carried out the attack.
The Russian ambassador to Turkey was shot dead as they gave a speech in Ankara on Dec. 19 by an off-duty police officer who shouted “Don't forget Aleppo” and “Allahu Akbar.” (Reporting by Ahmed Aboulenein and Ahmed Tolba in Cairo)
Will.i.am fears new technology is ruining music Black Eyed Peas star Will.i.am says they fear for the future of the music industry because “mad tech” makes it harder for artists to make money.
Driver's party cab boasts disco lights, live goldfish [theplatform account=”4uMbOC” media=”media/guid/2389494712/8G6FSglHKV_pw7V46ymLvcW3r8sykBb0″ player=”mVC7xu4zqUdN”] There's something fishy about this cab! Mohammad “Goldie” Bahram tricks up their NYC yellow taxi every night, turning it into a disco wonderland of glowing spheres,...
The 10 best Victoria's Secret Fashion Show performances We're just hours away from seeing Taylor Swift, Ariana Grande and Ed Sheeran rock the runway during CBS's annual broadcast of the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. But, before tuning in...
The 6 greatest big-booty anthems of all-time Butt-en down the hatches, because the music world is currently experiencing an avalanche of ass. Since the start of the year, songs honoring rotund rumps have occupied every crevice of...
"Music was a way to find out if a person was someone you'd want to hang out with."
Los Angeles in the early 1980s, like the punk bands that hailed from the city, had a reputation for being loud, fast, and rowdy. By 1984, the city had produced some of the most iconic and seminal punk records of all time — songs like "Kids of the Black Hole" by the Adolescents (1981), Black Flag's "TV Party" (1982), and "Suburban Home" by the Descendents (1982) captured the disenchantment and angst felt by many who came of age during the Reagan era.
At the center of it all was John Brian King, an art student at the California Institute of the Arts, who before a successful career in cinema had first turned their lens toward the scene they knew best. Here, King shares pictures from their personal collection and their experiences growing up in the concrete jungle of LA at a time when punk rock was young and furious.
As a photography student at Cal Arts, I'd spend the evenings shooting school projects on 35 mm film, then head over to the punk shows in LA to meet my friends. Back then, there were different sensibilities in the LA's punk world: South Bay had the hardcore, aggressive punks; the Orange County and Huntington Beach guys would always beat the crap out of you on the dance floor, and the surfers from that area were total dicks. There was also a bunch of white pride bullshit that was coming from Orange County, while the Hollywood punks were very leftist and didn't abide by any type of racism. For me, I wasn't the type of punk who shot up heroin in some Hollywood apartment hallway, but I also wasn't a New Waver — people who would dye their hair yellow and pink after seeing one art film. I was sort of in between: an “art punk.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Minutemen were a very important band to me at the time, some others were X, Fear, and the Germs. Back then, we'd go to Whiskey a Go Go a lot, but there was also a place called Cathay de Grande over in central Hollywood where we'd just gather sometimes.
One of my other favorite venues was a place over in West Hollywood called the Starwood, which was kind of a dark place — it was supposedly owned by the guys behind the Wonderland murders and was also the place where the Germs played their final performance before Darby Crash OD'd after the show.
One night, my two roommates and I decided to have a blowout party at our place and invited a bunch of punks we had met at some shows. Somehow, the Germs found out and their bassist, Lorna Doom, and guitarist, Pat Smear, stopped by the party. Unfortunately, somebody told some surfers from Redondo Beach, who showed up and just started antagonizing all the punks. Pat, to their credit, just looked at one of the surfers, grabbed my BB rifle, and smashed it across the surfer's face, splitting their nose right open! There was blood everywhere! Me and my friend hustled Pat out to their car and said, “Get the hell out of here man!” When the cops arrived, nobody at the party gave Pat up. But I did hear that they ended up serving a weekend in jail for the incident.
Advertisement
When you found your community, it became your tribe. There were certain places you'd go and you'd just know that you were going to run into like-minded people. This was long before social networks and texting, so you would meet new friends at these hubs — places like the Capitol Records swap meet where you'd by buy bootleg albums and posters on Saturday nights, or Oki Dog, this place with the nastiest chili dogs you'll ever eat. Music was definitely a way to find out if someone was a person you'd want to hang out with.
Advertisement
Ronald Reagan was also an insane catalyst for this culture. They were elected right when I started art school, and I remember everyone was crying in the halls and screaming, “This is the death of culture!” Saying, “America is over! It's over!” Everyone I knew hated Ronald Reagan, and a lot of times the music tackled their politics. A band like the Minutemen would have practically socialist/communist lyrics about the US involvement in Central America — it's hard to find an equivalent to that today. Music like this definitely motivated a lot of us and put us on the same page of leftist policies, almost anarchism at some points. Looking back, I think the biggest legacy of this time, I mean, besides the music — you can listen to a Germs album today and it's just as fresh as when it came out — is the idea that you can take something small and interesting, something that's not corporate at all, and turn that into a vibrant community. Something meaningful. That sentiment influenced all of us, and it's that same punk ethos that is still very much alive today in America.
Advertisement
To see more of John Brian King's work or to pick up their book, LAX: Photographs of Los Angeles 1980–84, visit their website at johnbrianking.com.
Advertisement
BuzzFeed's resident photo geek. Contact Gabriel H. Sanchez at gabriel.sanchez@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
Two hotels in New York state are among TripAdvisor's Top 10 Travelers' Choice Hotelsin the United States. Winners of the 16th annual Travelers' Choice Awards for Hotels, which includes a variety of categories, are determined based on millions of reviews and opinions.
Apple hires TV execs behind 'Breaking Bad,' 'Better Call Saul' After dipping its toe into original programming only a week ago, Apple took the plunge Friday by hiring the TV execs behind “Better Call Saul,” “Breaking Bad” and “The Blacklist.”...
Every 'Breaking Bad' fan should embrace 'Better Call Saul' Back in early 2015, I joined the chorus of TV fans lamenting the premiere of “Better Call Saul,” a prequel series starring Bob Odenkirk reprising their combed over, shyster-lawyer character...
Vanessa Williams dishes on new sitcom that skewers 'The View' Daytime Divas Monday, 10 p.m., VH1 When they aren't singing Sondheim in concert or starring on Broadway, Vanessa Williams made a career out of playing formidable women on television, most...
'Breaking Bad' kingpin Gus Fring is 'still ruthless' in TV return Gus Fring's reappearance is literally a blast from the past. It's been five-and-a-half years since the fastidious “Breaking Bad” drug kingpin, played by Giancarlo Esposito, was blown to kingdom come...
Why Hollywood should get over its prequel obsession Pull up a bucket of Los Pollos Hermanos — Icy villain Gus Fring is reportedly set to turn up in Season 3 of “Better Call Saul,” which premiered April 10....
'Better Call Saul' star: 'All bets are off' Rhea Seehorn's breakout TV role finds them playing Kim Wexler, the lawyer-girlfriend of sketchy, combed-over attorney Jimmy McGill (Bob Odenkirk) on “Better Call Saul,” the “Breaking Bad” prequel barreling toward...
'Better Call Saul' star Michael McKean on life in their big brother's house Versatile actor Michael McKean is back as Chuck McGill on “Better Call Saul,” the “Breaking Bad” prequel returning for its second season Monday night on AMC. Chuck — the talented...
'Fear the Walking Dead' sets another cable record It's another record for “Fear the Walking Dead.” With three days of delayed viewing, the spinoff's premiere grew to 13.3 million viewers, a new Live+3 cable high. Its Aug. 23...
'Game of Thrones' leads Emmy race with 24 nominations WEST HOLLYWOOD, Calif. — The elaborate fantasy saga “Game of Thrones” received a leading 24 Emmy Awards nominations Thursday, its stature apparently untouched by backlash over a female character's rape...
JCPenney's stock plunged more than 17 percent after it slashed its financial forecasts, citing slower-than-expected sales in the crucial back-to-school period.
The struggling department store said Friday it got forced into a fire sale to clear unsold fall fashions in September and October.
That, in turn, will fuel a third-quarter loss between 40 cents and 45 cents a share, versus Wall Street's expectation of an 18-cent-per-share loss. Comparable sales — or sales at stores open at least a year — will inch up by less than a percentage point, Penney said.
“We made the strategic decision to accelerate a wider transformation of the entire women's department by clearing slow-moving inventory primarily in women's and other apparel categories,” Chief Executive Marvin Ellison said in a statement.
JCPenney shares were recently off 14.5 percent at $3.13.
The clearance sales don't bode well for the budget-friendly department store, Gordon Haskett analyst Chuck Grom said in a note.
It's “concerning given it's the back-to-school period and weather was very favorable,” Grom wrote, adding that JCPenney's problems are its own and are not reflective of all department stores.
For the full year, the Plano, Texas company expects comparable sales to be down 1 percent or to be flat and for earnings to be an anemic 2 cents to 8 cents a share.
That's sorely short of Penney's previous forecast of 40 cents to 65 cents a share, with comparable sales either declining or rising by a percentage point.
In the second quarter, JCPenney closed as many as 127 stores — the largest one-time liquidation in the chain's history — leaving it with 875 locations.
JCPenney will release its third-quarter results on Nov. 10.
C-CORE results prove precision performance of Hifi's HDS™ technology with no false positives in real time
CALGARY, AB--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Hifi Engineering Inc. ("Hifi"), a developer and supplier of leading edge fiber optic sensing technologies used to monitor gas and fluid flow in pipelines and oil and gas wells, today announced results of its High-fidelity dynamic (acoustics, temperature, strain) sensing HDS™ technology as part of their testing with C-CORE, a Canadian research and development (R&D) corporation. The program was funded by LOOKNorth, a national Centre of Excellence for Commercialization and Research hosted by C-CORE.
The C-CORE results proved the Hifi HDS system successfully detected all leaks generated during this testing program, with no false positives in real time. Operating pressures ranged from 195psi down to 3psi, for both liquids and gas, in both offshore and land applications.
"We are very pleased with the performance of our HDS technology", said John Hull, Hifi's Founder and Chief Technology Officer. "To achieve 100% performance with no false positives proves our technology is world class, and ready to assist the industry in achieving 100% pipeline safety. These results reaffirm the performance also demonstrated through Hifi's many field pilots and commercial installations."
Hifi's HDS high definition technology monitors every centimeter of a pipeline, 24 hours per day, and can detect flows less than a liter within seconds. It includes proprietary, fiber optic cables optimized for sensing, as well as optical hardware and software for permanent deployment and continuous monitoring. The patented software algorithms are designed to correlate acoustic, temperature and vibration / strain data in real-time to discern operating conditions such as excessive strain, thermal events, and security intrusions, which if left unaddressed, could evolve into a leak in the pipeline. The HDS system can also detect extremely low flow and pinhole sized leaks, with the ability to alarm and notify the pipeline operator in seconds, through a control room software powered by GE Predix™.
As previously announced, Hifi has been working with Enbridge's Pipeline Control Systems and Leak Detection team to evaluate Hifi's HDS technology, along with other joint industry partners Kinder Morgan Canada and TransCanada Pipelines, through C-FER Technologies' External Leak Detection System Evaluation Program in Edmonton.
The positive performance of Hifi's HDS system comes on the successful completion of the previously announced project investment between Hifi and Sustainable Development Technology Canada (SDTC), on behalf of the Government of Canada. The project from SDTC's SD Tech Fund, was $2.0M as part of a $6.0M development initiative of Hifi's next generation HDS technology for preventative pipeline leak detection.
"SDTC is proud to see the investment into this innovative pipeline leak detection technology result in this successful demonstration. The HDS technology has the potential to reduce the incidence of leaks, and increase the confidence of the public in our pipeline system in Canada. We are encouraged by this, and remain optimistic in the success of this project with Hifi Technologies", said Leah Lawrence, president and CEO, Sustainable Development Technology Canada.
"HiFi Engineering's technology is proof of the importance of investing in energy innovation", said Navdeep Bains, Minister of Innovation, Science and Economic Development. "Our Government is proud to support Canadian companies that are focused on developing clean technologies. These companies will create new products and services that are more energy efficient, emit lower carbon emissions and promote healthier communities. Clean technology producers will also create entirely new jobs and business opportunities for Canadians. That's how innovation makes a better Canada."
About Hifi
Hifi is a privately held Canadian company, with minority ownership from Enbridge and Cenovus, specializing in the research, development, supply and commercial operation of next generation fiber optic sensing technologies primarily used to monitor gas and fluid flow in oil and gas wells, and preventative leak detection for pipelines. Headquartered in Calgary, Alberta, Hifi currently has a number of commercialized products, including its HDS™ MiCro tool offering for downhole flow applications, and HDS™ MaCro system for permanent monitoring of pipelines and reservoirs. For more information, visit www.hifieng.com.
About C-CORE
C-CORE is an ISO 9001-registered R&D organization established in 1975 and headquartered in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador (NL). With unparalleled harsh-environment expertise and world-leading technical capability in Remote Sensing, Ice Engineering and Geotechnical Engineering, C-CORE provides research-based advisory services and technology solutions to help clients mitigate operational risk in harsh environments and to address security, sustainability and safety issues related to their regulatory and operating needs worldwide.
About LOOKNorth
LOOKNorth is a Canadian national Centre of Excellence for Commercialization and Research hosted by C-CORE. LOOKNorth fosters remote sensing innovation and promotes the use of remote sensing technologies in environmental monitoring as a way to assist decision-making and reduce uncertainties, risk and cost in challenging environments. LOOKNorth helps connect remote sensing innovators with end users facing a monitoring challenge.
About SDTC
Sustainable Development Technology Canada is an arm's-length foundation created by the Government of Canada to promote sustainable development and support projects that develop and demonstrate new technologies to address issues related to climate change, air quality, and clean water and soil. Sustainable Development Technology Canada invests in Canadian companies that, through their innovative technologies, contribute positively to Canada by creating quality jobs, driving economic growth and protecting the environment. For more information, visit www.sdtc.ca.
The Buffalo Ridge Wildcats improved their record to 6-0 with a 68- 13 victory over the Tri- State Buffaloes Saturday, June 10 in Lake Benton.
The Buffaloes fumbled on their first posses­sion and added another fumble and intercep­tion later in the game for a total of three turnovers to the Wild­cats' one interception…
For the full story, read this week's Lake Benton Valley Journal.
The gunman who wreaked havoc on Istanbul's Reina nightclub on New Year's Day took less than a minute to shoot their way inside, according to video of their entrance, NBC News reported.
Security video from outside surfaced online Sunday, showing the harrowing moments leading up to the attack, which left 39 people dead and wounded more than 60 others — including an American, a U.S. State Department official told NBC News.
The gunman remains at large, according to Turkish police, and has not been identified.
 They are seen raining bullets down on the front door, where the club's bouncer and a few patrons were lingering. Another video shows men crouching in fear and scrambling inside the club as the gunman approaches the front door.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — The City of Northfield has issued a warning to the public after about 1,000,000 gallons of wastewater leaked into Cannon River.
City officials say to avoid direct contact with the water on the Cannon River downstream of Northfield through 6 a.m. Friday, July 6.
On July 2 at around 8 p.m., staff at the Wastewater Treatment Plant responded to an alarm and determined there was a PVC pipe break in the system, which caused 1,000,000 gallons of treated and untreated wastewater to enter the river between the hours of 1 a.m. and 4 a.m. on Tuesday, July 3.
Staff notified Minnesota Pollution Control Agency immediately.
The areas affected are Lake Byllesby and the Cannon River downriver from Northfield to the Mississippi.
Officials say boating and fishing is OK, but not swimming, wading, water skiing, and tubing until 6 a.m. Friday.
“Avoid contact with the water, and if you do go in the water, wash with soap and water,” the city said. “Avoid letting pets, horses go in the water or drink the water.”
The plant is now functioning in a critical to stable condition.
The cause of the breakdown is being evaluated.
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, Calif., is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack, and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges.
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit:
In their plea, Marquez admits that their friend, Syed Rizwan Farook, paid them for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015. That's when Farook and their wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center. Marquez also admits they conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College (RCC) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California. Those plans never materialized.
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said, "While their earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center."
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it.
They did acknowledge that they were a "straw buyer" when they purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack.
According to a Justice Department statement:
"Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country," said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden. "It is purchases like Marquez's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino. The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form. It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community. In this case, the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack."
Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack, told The Associated Press that Marquez's plea agreement brought mixed emotions:
"It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day," the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said. "I'm relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it." They said they planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact their boyfriend's killing has had on them In their last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding them from the bullets. "It is what it is," they said. "Nothing's going to bring them back."
Marquez is expected to formally enter their guilty pleas Thursday morning.
They have been in custody since they were ordered detained at their initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17, 2015.
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison.
Look to India
Feb 2 2018 (Manila Times) - It's really time the Philippines pays serious attention to how India solves Third World problems in a practical and inexpensive but ingenious Third World way. And follow suit.
While the Philippines and India have had trade relations probably from pre-history (Tamils from South India may have been sourcing gold from Mindanao) as well as during the colonial period (the Manila Galleon trade had precious stones, textiles and other items from India), modern India has not quite had the influence and impact that could be useful to us. Perhaps because we are not paying attention.
An example is the way they conduct their elections, which is actually the largest electoral event in the world with their huge population of more than a billion people and an electorate of 814 million-plus voters from the last election in 2014. It is the world's largest election. It takes place in phases (nine) and in all of six weeks. From the mountain villages in the Himalayas to the deserts of Rajasthan to the islands on the Indian Ocean and on to their teeming states and cities, it is an epic event. About five million electoral workers are involved in more than 935,000 polling places. It is managed with the use of electronic voting machines (EVMs) invented by an Indian using a 6-volt alkaline battery (made in India). As a parliamentary democracy, India has 1,600 parties. They are shown as symbols on the EVMs; the voter presses the button (blue) on the symbol of the party they choose and it is quickly recorded and verified with a slip of paper that spills out showing the name of the voter, their vote, serial number of the ballot, etc. This is called the Voter Verification Paper Audit Trail which is evidence that the vote has been counted. The button cannot be pressed again, so no multiple voting can occur. No electricity is required with the use of the 6-volt battery.
I am sure a Filipino techie can duplicate this EVM, or perhaps we should get a license to replicate it here and be done with Smartmatic and its dubious machines.
In truth, Indian engineering is at par with the best of the developed countries. India has notable engineering schools like the Indian Institute of Technology established all over the country taking in students that master its tough courses to get a degree and go on to design all kinds of machines, computer applications, inventions and other innovative solutions to problems without throwing money into them, emphasizing instead ingenuity, practicality and low cost. With Indian engineering prowess at hand and nearby, shouldn't we tap it for our infrastructure projects?
Another thing I noticed from my visit to India late last year was the excellence of their expressways. Well-built, and easy to navigate, these roads take in everything from cars and buses and to tricycles, tractors, motorcycles, bicycles. They are for everybody. The driving may be a bit scary but apparently it is the norm and the expressways can take it. They are not overwhelmed and they don't have traffic jams.
India has also pioneered and solved the pharmaceutical needs of its population by coming up with generic drugs.
Through research, use of patents in the public domain and their ability to manage the industry in a huge but less capital-intensive way compared to other countries, they are a leading drug manufacturer in the Third World with drugs for every need, disease and emergency. It is not at the mercy of Big Pharma as we seem to be. And they have survived Big Pharma's attempts to shut them down. In the process, they have provided affordable medicines to their general population and other Third World countries at affordable prices. It would be a good move on our part to source our pharmaceutical needs from India. It will save us a lot of money compared to buying drugs from multilateral drug manufacturers from the West.
Government support for small and medium industries was also observed on our trip to India. Small textile manufacturers could rent buildings to use for spinning thread and weaving textiles at subsidized prices in zones set aside for the purpose. Indian electricity rates are a fraction of ours.
Another admirable accomplishment of India is that they have been self-sufficient in food for a number of decades now. Not that their agricultural problems have been solved as farmers sometimes are in deep debt leading to high suicide rates. But on the whole, the days of famine and outright hunger from lack of harvests is over.
Publishing is also a thriving industry there with international connections. Many books from all over the world are published in India at lower cost but high in quality. English is widely spoken and books in English from all over the world are readily available at lower prices.
What I am trying to say is that India should be looked at for its solutions to Third World problems with the judicious use of scarce capital. The Indian economy is booming and expected to hit 7 percent growth this year. There are many lessons for us to learn from this country.
This story was originally published by The Manila Times, Philippines
WASHINGTON—Cardinal Daniel N. DiNardo, of Galveston-Houston, President of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops has issued the following statement in response to the violent protests in Charlottesville, Virginia that has left three dead and at least 19 injured.
Cardinal DiNardo's full statement follows:
“On behalf of the bishops of the United States, I join leaders from around the nation in condemning the violence and hatred that have now led to one death and multiple injuries in Charlottesville, Virginia. We offer our prayers for the family and loved ones of the person who was killed and for all those who have been injured. We join our voices to all those calling for calm.
The abhorrent acts of hatred on display in Charlottesville are an attack on the unity of our nation and therefore summon us all to fervent prayer and peaceful action. The bishops stand with all who are oppressed by evil ideology and entrust all who suffer to the prayers of St.Peter Claver as we approach their feast day. We also stand ready to work with all people of goodwill for an end to racial violence and for the building of peace in our communities.
Last year a Task Force of our Bishops Conference under Archbishop Wilton Gregory proposed prayers and resources to work for unity and harmony in our country and in our Church. I am encouraging the bishops to continue that work especially as the Feast of St. Peter Claver approaches.”
“As we learn more about the horrible events of yesterday, our prayer turns today, on the Lord's Day, to the people of Charlottesville who offered a counter example to the hate marching in the streets. Let us unite ourselves in the spirit of hope offered by the clergy, people of faith, and all people of good will who peacefully defended their city and country.
We stand against the evil of racism, white supremacy and neo-nazism. We stand with our sisters and brothers united in the sacrifice of Jesus, by which love's victory over every form of evil is assured. At Mass, let us offer a special prayer of gratitude for the brave souls who sought to protect us from the violent ideology displayed yesterday. Let us especially remember those who lost their lives. Let us join their witness and stand against every form of oppression.”
A chartered train carrying Republican lawmakers collided with a garbage truck in Virginia on Wednesday morning, killing one person, authorities said.
The train was carrying House and Senate Republicans to a retreat in West Virginia when the crash occurred. No members of Congress or their staff were injured, White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said in a statement.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Train carrying GOP lawmakers collides with garbage truck 1:51 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Authorities late Wednesday identified the deceased victim as Christopher Foley, 28, one of two passengers aboard the trash truck. A second unidentified passenger was airlifted to University of Virginia Medical Center with critical injuries, the Abermarle County Police Department said in a statement.
The driver of the truck was transported by ground in serious condition. President Donald Trump had said Wednesday afternoon that the driver of the truck had been killed.
"We were on our way to West Virginia, and it was a sudden impact, a loud noise, and everyone was jolted," Rep. Carlos Curbelo of Florida said on MSNBC.
Rep. Jason Lewis of Minnesota was taken to a hospital for a reported concussion, according to a senior leadership source on the train.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Sen. Flake on train wreck: It reminded me of the day Steve Scalise was shot 1:50 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The University of Virginia Health System said Wednesday that it had received six patients at UVA Medical Center. One was in critical condition, one was in fair condition, and four have been discharged as of Thursday morning, it said.
The National Transportation Safety Board, or NTSB, sent a team of investigators to the scene. NTSB investigations can take a year or more to complete, and Earl Weener, a member of the board, said Wednesday night that investigators wouldn't speculate on any possible cause.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Train taking GOP lawmakers to retreat hits truck 4:22 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Amtrak said the crash happened at 11:20 a.m. in Crozet, Virginia, in Albemarle County near Charlottesville. By 1:15 p.m., the train had left Crozet and was heading back to Charlottesville.
Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona described feeling a "big impact" during the crash and then making their way to help one of the injured. They had been traveling with their wife and 18-year-old son in one of the front cars.
Related: Train crash was déjà vu for Republican lawmakers who survived Virginia shooting
"I knew there were going to be bad injuries, so I worked my way back thinking they might need people to help carry people to ambulances, and they did," they said.
Flake said that the front car of the train derailed and that the impact "smashed the truck pretty badly." They said they saw that one person was killed, "who they worked on for quite a while while I was there and we were tending to the other injured person."
Sen. Bill Cassidy of Louisiana and Rep. Brad Wenstrup of Ohio, both of whom are medical doctors, were among others who helped the injured, Flake said.
Emergency personnel at the scene of a train crash in Crozet, Virginia, involving an Amtrak passenger train carrying dozens of Republican lawmakers on Wednesday. Zack Wajsgrasu / The Daily Progress via AP
Rep. Pete Sessions of Texas, who was traveling with their wife, described the scene as "a mess," with trash strewn up to 80 yards away.
"The truck is completely smashed," Sessions told MSNBC.
The crossing where the crash occurred was equipped with flashing lights, as well as gates on both sides of the track, sources told NBC News.
Rep. Michael Burgess of Texas said on MSNBC that "both of the crossing arms were down" by the time they had exited the train and that it did appear that "the lights were functional."
Several lawmakers tweeted about the incident and said they were uninjured.
Photos: At the scene: Train carrying GOP lawmakers strikes garbage truck
"Our train heading to the GOP Retreat in West Virginia has been involved in an accident," Sen. James Lankford of Oklahoma tweeted. "I am safe but first responders are treating minor injuries on the train & treating the truck drivers."
A post on the Twitter account of Rep. Roger Marshall of Kansas, who is an obstetrician, said the lawmaker performed cardiopulmonary resuscitation "on train conductor, and helped the two people in the garbage truck who are now in the ambulance. They are injured badly."
Emergency responders and passengers from an Amtrak passenger train carrying Republican members of Congress attend to one of the injured after the train collided with a garbage truck Wednesday in Crozet, Virginia. Justin Ide / Crozet Volunteer Fire Department via Reuters
Marshall later told MSNBC that they first tried to help the deceased victim but "couldn't find a pulse, so we started CPR and worked on that person for several, several minutes, and [it] just didn't go real well for that gentlemen."
"We just could never get them resuscitated, I'm afraid," they said, so they and another lawmaker "decided we needed to focus all of our attention on the other person, who at least had a pulse."
Wenstrup, a podiatrist, said it felt like the train "went over a boulder."
They said they rushed off the train and saw a man from the truck who was able to stand and two other people on the ground. They tended to an injured man who had "a lot of blood coming from around their mouth and nose," they said on MSNBC.
They worked to clear the unconscious man's airway and make sure that their mouth wouldn't fill up with blood, they said. The man was breathing, and they were able to get them to an ambulance, Wenstrup said.
House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin was on the train but wasn't injured, a source told NBC News. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky wasn't on the train, a spokesperson said.
Ryan said on Twitter that the incident was "a terrible tragedy."
The retreat was to proceed with an adjusted program including a moment of prayer and a security briefing from the sergeant at arms and Capitol police, the Congressional Institute said in the statement.
Rep. Phil Roe, of Tennessee, said during a news conference from the retreat that during the train ride, the lawmakers had been happy after Trump's State of the Union address but that "in a millisecond ... that changed."
Flake said the crash and its aftermath felt all too familiar, seven months after they survived the shooting at a Virginia baseball field that left House Republican Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana and three other people wounded.
"I thought after that time I never want to experience a day like this again. and unfortunately it came too soon," they said.
Trump told reporters Wednesday afternoon that they had spoken with Ryan and that "they're doing pretty good," despite enduring a "tremendous jolt."
"It was a pretty rough hit, that's what they all tell me," Trump said at the beginning of an Oval Office meeting with U.S. workers who Republicans say have benefited from the recently passed Republican tax plan.
Trump is scheduled to travel to West Virginia on Thursday for a previously scheduled address at the retreat.
Vice President Mike Pence tweeted addressed the retreat Wednesday evening, saying they spoke Ryan by phone while they were at the scene of the crash.
"We thank God. We thank God today because we know it could have been much worse," Pence said. "To you and your families, thank you for your service to America, and God bless you all."
From Tony Veneziano
BEAVER DAM, Wisc. (March 19, 2018) — Tickets are now on sale for the 9th Annual Jim “JB” Boyd Memorial presented by Karavan Trailers, featuring the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series at Beaver Dam Raceway in Wisconsin on Saturday, June 23 and can be purchased online at slspromotions.ticketforce.com or by calling SLS Promotions at 815-344-2023.
Shane Stewart was victorious last season in the Jim “JB” Boyd Memorial to score the first win of their career at Beaver Dam Raceway. Stewart took the lead on lap-25 from Greg Wilson and paced the remainder of the 40-lap contest. Kerry Madsen thrilled the crowd by charging from the 21st starting spot to finish second.
Bill Balog earned their first-career World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series win in the 2016 edition of the Jim “JB” Boyd Memorial. The win was a very popular one for Balog, an eight-time IRA Sprint Series champion, originally from Alaska, who now calls Wisconsin home.
In each of the last seven editions of the race, a different driver has visited victory lane, including nine-time series champion Donny Schatz. Brad Sweet and Kraig Kinser are also past winners of the Jim “JB” Boyd Memorial, who are competing full-time with the Outlaws this season.
Battling Schatz, Sweet, Stewart and Kinser in 2018 is a talented group of full-time competitors, including Daryn Pittman, who has three wins at Beaver Dam Raceway in their career, David Gravel, who won in the state of Wisconsin last year as well as fellow veteran drivers Jason Johnson, Tim Shaffer, Jason Sides and Greg Wilson.
Young drivers Logan Schuchart, Jacob Allen, Clyde Knipp, Sheldon Haudenschild, Brent Marks and are all back on the road full-time in 2018. Haudenschild scored their first-career World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series win on opening night in February in Florida and followed that up with their second victory in Las Vegas a few weeks later. The fourth-generation driver is currently second in points.
A trio of drivers is contending for the Kevin Gobrecht Rookie of the Year Award in 2018, led by Australian Ian Madsen, along with Parker Price-Miller and Dane Lorenc.
Tickets for the 9th Annual Jim “JB” Boyd Memorial presented by Karavan Trailers, featuring the World of Outlaws Craftsman Sprint Car Series at Beaver Dam Raceway on Saturday, June 23 can be purchased online at slspromotions.ticketforce.com or by phone at 815-344-2023. Also in action will be Legends and Mini Sprints.
The European Player of the Year will come from the Champions Cup finalists, with three of the five nominees coming from Leinster.
Leo Cullen's side powered into the final after defeating Scarlets 38-16 at the Aviva Stadium, while the following day Racing 92 withstood a second half fightback from Munster in Bordeaux to book their place in the Bilbao final next month.
Second row Scott Fardy, prop Tadhg Furlong and out-half Johnny Sexton have been rewarded for their eye-catching performances in Leinster's march to the final.
Racing 92 scrum-half Maxime Machenaud and their team-mate Leone Nakarawa complete the shortlist, which has been whittled down from the previous list of 15 nominees.
Public voting is now open on epcrugby.com/epoty and will close following the Champions Cup final at the San Mamés Stadium on 12 May.
Previous Irish winners include Ronan O'Gara (2010), Sean O'Brien (2011) and Rob Kearney (2012). The last two winners have come from Saracens, with Maro Itoje (2016) succeeded by Owen Farrell last year.
The events leading to Michael Flynn's resignation as national security adviser accelerated this week, with constant new updates about what they said, to whom and when. But the path to that step has been unfolding since at least last summer. Here's a timeline of key events that eventually led to the resignation of a top presidential adviser less than one month into the Trump administration.
June through November 2016
Early in the summer, the Washington Post reports that hackers in the Russian government have breached the Democratic National Committee. Sources from the DNC and security experts tell the Post that the hackers had access to opposition research on Trump, as well as internal emails and chats.
In late July, WikiLeaks posts a searchable database of more than 19,000 emails stolen from the DNC computer servers. Compromising information in the emails leads to the resignation of Debbie Wasserman Schultz as DNC chair.
Donald Trump, meanwhile, eggs the Russians on.
"Russia, if you're listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing," they say.
Trump repeatedly downplays the hacks in the coming months, saying in a debate that China or "somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds" could have been behind the breaches. Days after the U.S. intelligence community says it's "confident that the Russian Government directed the recent compromises of emails," Trump dismisses concerns about the breach.
"You ever notice anything that goes wrong, they blame Russia? 'Russia did it.' They have no idea," they say in a speech.
Nov. 8, 2016
Donald Trump wins the presidential election.
Nov. 18, 2016
President-elect Trump announces that Flynn will be their national security adviser. Flynn, it is later reported, had been in contact with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak before the election.
Dec. 9, 2016
Then-President Obama orders a "full review" of digital attacks aimed at influencing U.S. elections, going back to 2008.
The Washington Post reports that the CIA has determined that the Russian government was seeking to help Trump win the election.
The Trump transition office issues a statement:
"These are the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction," the statement says. "The election ended a long time ago in one of the biggest Electoral College victories in history. [Note: This is incorrect.] It's now time to move on and 'Make America Great Again.' "
Dec. 12, 2016
Trump tweets: "Unless you catch 'hackers' in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?"
Dec. 15, 2016
Trump tweets, "If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?"
Secretary of State John Kerry says on CNN that then-President Obama did issue a warning about Russian hacking, but they also "had to be obviously sensitive to not being viewed as interfering on behalf of a candidate or against a candidate or in a way that promoted unrealistic assessments about what was happening."
Obama tells NPR's Steve Inskeep that the U.S. will strike back against Russia, one way or another, in response to that country's attempts to influence the U.S. election.
"I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections, that we need to take action," they say. "And we will — at a time and place of our own choosing. Some of it may be explicit and publicized; some of it may not be."
They added, "But Mr. Putin is well aware of my feelings about this, because I spoke to them directly about it."
Dec. 25, 2016
Flynn and Kislyak exchange text messages wishing each other happy holidays (per remarks later made by Sean Spicer on Jan. 13, 2017).
Dec. 29, 2016
Obama ejects 35 Russian diplomats from the United States and introduces new sanctions against Russia's Federal Security Service, the FSB; the country's main foreign intelligence agency, known as the GRU; along with four GRU officers and three companies that did business with GRU.
In addition, the Obama administration announces it will be closing down two compounds in the U.S. it says were "used by Russian personnel for intelligence-related purposes."
Dec. 29 is also when the conversations between Flynn and Kislyak regarding sanctions took place (this story would break on Jan. 12, 2017). According to a Washington Post story from Feb. 9, two officials "said that Flynn urged Russia not to overreact to the penalties being imposed by President Barack Obama, making clear that the two sides would be in position to review the matter after Trump was sworn in as president."
Jan. 6, 2017
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence releases a declassified report finding that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election and that a major part of that was the hacking of emails at the Democratic National Committee.
"Putin and the Russian Government aspired to help President-elect Trump's election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting them unfavorably to him," the report says. The authors added that "Russia's goals were to undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process."
Trump meets with intelligence officials for a briefing on the report's contents. Afterward, they release a statement lumping Russia in with China and "other countries" and insisting that the hacking had "absolutely no effect" on the election's outcome:
"While Russia, China, other countries, outside groups and people are consistently trying to break through the cyber infrastructure of our governmental institutions, businesses and organizations including the Democrat National Committee, there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election including the fact that there was no tampering whatsoever with voting machines."
However, as then-Intelligence Director James Clapper had told John McCain just one day earlier, it's impossible to know the impact: "Certainly the intelligence community can't gauge the impact that it had on choices that the electorate made. There is no way for us to gauge that."
Jan. 10, 2017
Then-Attorney General nominee (and Alabama Sen.) Jeff Sessions says in their confirmation hearing that they "has no reason to doubt" the report's conclusions tying Putin to the DNC hack.
Jan. 11, 2017
In their confirmation hearing, then-Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson acknowledges that they think it's "a fair assumption" that Putin had knowledge of the plot to influence the U.S. election. They also add that the intelligence report on Russian hacking "clearly is troubling."
Jan. 12, 2017
The Washington Post's David Ignatius reports that "a senior U.S. government official, Flynn phoned Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak several times on Dec. 29," the same day that the Obama administration announced the new sanctions and removal of Russian diplomats.
Jan. 13, 2017
White House press secretary Sean Spicer says that a conversation took place between Flynn and Kislyak, but that the conversation was on Dec. 28, and that it wasn't about sanctions.
They say that Kislyak texted Flynn on the 28th, asking if they could give Flynn a call. Kislyak then called that day, and according to Spicer, "the call centered around the logistics of setting up a call with the president of Russia and the president-elect after they were sworn in, and they exchanged logistical information on how to initiate and schedule that call. That was it, plain and simple."
This proves to be untrue, as two Trump transition officials confirm to NPR that a call took place on Dec. 29.
Jan. 15, 2017
Officials from the Justice Department and intelligence agencies discuss "whether the incoming Trump White House should be notified about the contents of the Flynn-Kislyak communications," as the Washington Post has reported.
Later that day, on CBS's Face the Nation, Vice President Pence says the conversations between Flynn and Kislyak had nothing to do with sanctions.
"What I can confirm, having spoken to them about it, is that those conversations that happened to occur around the time that the United States took action to expel diplomats had nothing whatsoever to do with those sanctions," Pence said.
Upon further questioning from John Dickerson, Pence added, "I don't believe there were more conversations" as well as "I can confirm those elements were not a part of that discussion."
After the Pence interview, the Post reports, the Justice and intelligence officials thought the issue was "more urgent ... because U.S. intelligence agencies had reason to believe that Russia was aware that Flynn and Kislyak had discussed sanctions in their December call, contrary to public statements."
Jan. 19, 2017
According to the Washington Post, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates, DNI James Clapper and CIA Director John Brennan discuss whom in the administration should be briefed on the Flynn-Kislyak communications.
Jan. 26, 2017
The Justice Department notifies the White House counsel of discrepancies between what Flynn and Pence had claimed about the phone call between Flynn and Kislyak, as Spicer later reports at a Feb. 14 White House press briefing.
Feb. 8, 2017
In an interview, Flynn twice denies having discussed sanctions with Kislyak, according to the Washington Post.
Feb. 9, 2017
A Flynn spokesperson says that the retired lieutenant general "indicated that while they had no recollection of discussing sanctions, they couldn't be certain that the topic never came up," according to the Post.
This is also the day Pence "became aware of the incomplete information he'd received ... based on media accounts," according to Pence press secretary Marc Lotter, who spoke to reporters on Feb. 14.
Feb. 13, 2017
Kellyanne Conway tells MSNBC that Flynn "does enjoy the full confidence of the president."
Later in the day, Spicer says that Trump is "evaluating the situation" regarding Flynn.
That night, Flynn resigns as national security adviser. In a statement, they admit accidental wrongdoing:
"Unfortunately, because of the fast pace of events, I inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador. I have sincerely apologized to the President and the Vice President, and they have accepted my apology."
The White House announces that retired Lt. Gen. Joseph Keith Kellogg Jr. will be acting national security adviser.
Feb. 14, 2017
Spicer says that 17 days prior, White House Counsel Donald McGahn had told the president that Flynn had been wrong when they told Pence they hadn't discussed sanctions with Kislyak, as reported by the New York Times.
At a press briefing, Spicer says of the resignation, "We got to a point not based on a legal issue, but based on a trust issue," adding that Trump was "concerned that Gen. Flynn had misled the vice president and others."
Politico reports that there's still more to come on the Flynn story, according to the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee:
"Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.) told House Democrats Tuesday that the recent revelations about former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn's conversations with the Russians are only the beginning, and more information will surface in the coming days, according to multiple sources in a closed party meeting."
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell indicates that the Senate Intelligence Committee will investigate Flynn's contacts with Russian officials, and Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo., a member of the intelligence committee, says Flynn should meet with the committee "very soon."
With reporting from Barbara Van Woerkom
By PRINTUS LEBLANC
Earlier this month, conservatives and budget hawks lost the fiscal battle to fund the military without raising domestic spending. The Senate cut a deal to increase domestic spending for the next two years by $131 billion and raise the budget caps on defense spending by $80 billion in fiscal year 2018 and $85 billion in fiscal year 2019.
This battle is over, and it is time to move on to the next one, what to do with the $131 billion. Democrats will want to add the two-year increase in spending to the baseline budget, thereby making the increases permanent. Republicans must make sure that does not happen and if the money is going to be spent, instead appropriate the money to one-time non-baseline budget projects. The weakness of the U.S. electric grid is one such item, the perfect project to spend the money on.
The U.S. is a society wholly dependent on electricity to survive. Water is pumped into your homes by electricity. Vehicles may run on gas, but the gas gets to the vehicles via pump powered by electricity. The food in the local supermarket is kept cool, transported, and produced with electricity. Without it, tens of millions would die.
The U.S. electric grid is composed of three smaller grids, one east of the Rocky Mountains, one west of the Rocky Mountains, and one in Texas. Each of these grids is composed of three elements, power generation, power transmission, and power distribution. It is no secret there are weak points in the system. Congress even put out a report outlining what it believed was the most dangerous scenario in 2008.
Electricity is starts at a power plant. It can be coal fired, natural gas, nuclear, or a windmill. From there the electricity flows to a High-Voltage Transformer (HVT). The HVT will “step-up” the electricity so it can be transported long distances via high voltage power lines. From the high voltage power lines, the electricity flows into another HVT where it is “stepped-down.” This is a critical process because homes and businesses cannot handle the higher-level voltage used to transport electricity. After the electricity flows through the second HVT, it is transmitted via local powerlines to the end user.
As you can see, the process of getting electricity from the point of production to the end user would be impossible without HVTs, and the problem gets worse from there. Producing an HVT is a time consuming and expensive endeavor. The Department of Energy estimated it can take up to 20 months to make the larger HTVs, while costing millions. After it is produced, transporting the HVT is another adventure. The larger devices can weigh up to 400 tons and need specially designed rail cars to move via railroad. Once they are on the road, it can be even more challenging to move the house sized objects though cities to the substations.
The final problem with HVTs is they are made for specific locations in the electric grid. Because the electric grid is made up of hundreds of smaller utilities, within the three main grids, there is no uniformity. An HVT for a coal plant outside of Mobile, AL might not work for natural gas plant near Houston, TX. This hampers the ability to interchange parts during an emergency.
The HVTs are vulnerable to four types of attacks:
EMP- An Electromagnetic Pulse is generated as a result of a nuclear bomb. It is a burst of electromagnetic energy that damages electrical equipment, such as the Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) systems regulating the voltage in HVTs. If the SCADA systems go down, the HVTs go down. CME- The sun is perhaps the most dangerous adversary of the electric grid. A Coronal Mass Ejection from the Sun would have the same effect as an EMP, but on a global scale. A CME is an ejection of particles from the sun, also known as a solar flare. These happen quite often. The last major CME event to hit the Earth was in 1859. When it hit, there were reports of sparks shooting off telegraph wires in telegraph stations. A CME event today could shut down electronic devices worldwide. Cyber- As we saw with Stuxnet, SCADA systems are vulnerable to cyber-attacks. Attacking the SCADA systems that run the electric grid could cause severe physical damage and shutdown significant portions of the system. Physical- Since 2013 there have been two attacks on electric substations. One in Metcalf, California and another in rural Utah. In both attacks the HVTs were targeted with rifles and caused temporary shutdowns.
Clearly the electric grid is the most important of the sixteen infrastructure sectors the Department of Homeland Security declared critical. Without electricity the banking system fails, without electricity the healthcare industry becomes non-existent, and without electricity there is no way to pump water to homes and businesses.
The fight about whether or not to spend the money is over, and we lost that fight. The fight now must be about spending it on one-time projects that are not added to the baseline budget in the future. We can choose to spend the money on needed projects, or we can let the bureaucrats make that decision for us. If we're going to spend the money anyway, Congress should include protecting the electric grid as a one-time project in the upcoming budget as part of the increased domestic spending.
Printus LeBlanc is a contributing editor at Americans for Limited Government.
Americans for Limited Government is a non-partisan, nationwide network committed to advancing free market reforms, private property rights and core American liberties. For more information on ALG please visit the website at www.GetLiberty.org. You can read more articles at www.dailytorch.com.
COMMENTS DISABLED BY SITE.
YOU MAY, HOWEVER, COMMENT THROUGH FACEBOOK.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — A Kansas City man is now facing charges after they allegedly assaulted their girlfriend and fled from police with their son in the vehicle, court documents say.
Damien G. Patterson, 25, has been charged with two counts of domestic assault, one count of child endangerment, one count of resisting arrest and one count of armed criminal action in Jackson County.
According to court records, Kansas City police were called Sunday morning to a home on Askew Avenue for a reported disturbance. When officers arrived, a woman said the father of their child, later identified as Patterson, had allegedly assaulted them and cut them with a knife.
Shortly after, police saw Patterson drive away from the home, court documents say. Officers tried to pull Patterson over but lost sight of the vehicle.
A witness later called police to report a crash on Spruce Avenue. When officers arrived, they learned Patterson allegedly crashed into two other parked vehicles, causing them to wreck their vehicle into a home's front yard.
Police said Patterson allegedly ran from the scene with their son in their hands. They caught Patterson and took them into custody. Police found three guns, one of which was a rifle with a scratched-off serial number, inside Patterson's vehicle.
Court documents say the woman, who told police they had been in a relationship with Patterson for one year, had a stab wound to their left wrist and several bruises on their body. The couple's son had minor scratches on their right hand and leg, according to court records. Both were taken to a nearby hospital for treatment.
The woman told police they and Patterson, who was found guilty of domestic assault in 2014, had gotten into an argument. They said Patterson threw a soap bottle, hitting them in the head, before they allegedly threw them to the ground and began kicking and punching her, court documents say.
They said Patterson got a butcher knife from the kitchen, put it to their throat and said they wanted their dead, according to court records. When the woman tried to push the knife away, they accidentally cut their wrist.
The woman told police Patterson continued to beat them then went to the bathroom to clean up. When they were gone, they ran from the home and called 911. Court documents say the couple's son was asleep in their room during the fight.
Patterson is in custody of Kansas City Police. Their bond is set at $50,000.
Investors staked N557.75 billion on 78.90 billion shares in 2016, showing a decline of 41.33 per cent compared with N950.66 billion invested in 92.83 billion shares in 2015.
The market closed the year with a decline of 6.17 per cent, the third straight negative performance as a result of weakened investors' appetite given several headwinds that pervaded the different sectors of economy in the year.
Assessing the performance of the market in 2016, analysts at Meristem Securities Limited said participation in the market was weak, as the volume traded and market turnover for the year pared by 15 per cent (78.90 billion units in 2016 versus 92.83 billion units in 2015) and 41.33 per cent (N557.75 billion in 2016 versus N950.66 billion in 2015) respectively.
According to MSL, 30 counters featured on the gainers' chart, while, 77 stocks declined in the year. Dangote Flour (276.11 per cent), United Capital Plc( (108.40 per cent), Total (103.39 per cent), Seplat (87.19 per cent) and Mobil Oil (74.38 per cent) recorded the highest returns in the year.
Conversely, Forte Oil (-74.42 per cent), Skye Bank (-68.35 per cent), Caverton (-63.56 per cent), Diamond Bank (-61.74 per cent) and Sterling Bank (-58.47 per cent) were the top underperformers for the year.
The analysts explained that activities in the market were tempered during the year, as evidenced by the decline in volume traded and market turnover.
“We attribute this dull mood to weakened investors' appetite given several headwinds that pervaded the different sectors of economy in the year. The weak investor sentiment was also compounded by the attractive interest rate environment in the year amid the rising inflationary pressure, which made fixed income investments a safe haven for investors,” they said.
Looking ahead, MSL said they expect a spillover of these sentiments into the first half of 2017.
“We expect a spillover of these sentiments into the first half of 2017, on the back of sustained gloomy state of the economy, as FX pressure continues to plague companies. We, however, do not rule out the possibility of a positive return in 2017, as we expect the higher crude production and price stability, coupled with effective execution of 2017 budget, to bode well for the Nigerian economy in the coming year,” they said.
In their sectoral review, MSL said the agriculture sector led the outperformers. According to the firm, the Meri-Agri Index returned 26.45 per cent to outperform other sectors in the market for the second year consecutively.
“The sector's positive performance was steered by the usual suspects- Okomu Oil Palm Plc (+32.57 per cent) and Presco Plc (+21.52 per cent), while Livestock Feeds Plc (36.84 per cent) depreciated in value for the year. Other counters (Ellah Lakes Plc and FTN Cocoa) traded flat throughout the year,” they said.
MSL explained that the agric sector which contributes about 29 per cent to the country's gross domestic product (GDP) was amongst the few to record positive output growth (+4.54 per cent ) as at Q3:2016.
“We attribute this to heightened government focus, coupled with the favourable policies which were implemented in the course of the year. Also, as evident from the earnings releases of the companies, the devaluation of the Naira which is stifling activities of palm oil importers, resulted in a topline boost for Okomu Oil and Presco,” they said.
<>
Feng Shui—which directly translates to Wind and Water—urges practitioners to design a harmonious environment that reflects who you are and where you want to go. Ever feel overwhelmed by the clutter in your home? This ancient Chinese art believes you're affected by your surroundings and the energy everything, even inanimate objects, emit.
The practice can be pretty detailed, with the use of a Bagua Energy Map (an octagon chart that empowers you to energize areas of your life—like wealth, marriage, knowledge, and career—through colored object placement) and a Flying Stars Analysis (based on the year the space was built and the direction it faces). Before you dive into the depths of Feng Shui principles, take the first steps in designing a harmonious environment:
Clear your clutter
An excellent way to start is with a clean slate. Say buh-bye to clothes you haven't worn in months, stacks of old mail, toys the kids don't play with anymore—and you will feel lighter and less stressed. The process itself seems therapeutic as you let go of things that no longer serve you, your family, and home.
Enhance the three most important areas of your home
The Bagua Energy Map considers every part of your home but focuses on three specific areas—the entryway, kitchen, and bedroom.
Chi (energy) enters your home through the main entry. Choose light colors, integrate soft light, hang a mirror, or have fresh flowers or potted plants present, to help attract good Chi.
Traditional Chinese culture emphasizes the importance of preparing and consuming healthy food, and the influence it has on our bodies and Chi. The kitchen is believed to affect wealth and abundance and typically possesses high vibrational energy, as it's a popular common area of the home. The stove is viewed as a powerful symbol of wealth, and Feng Shui suggests that your stove face a doorway and that you keep it clean. If your stove isn't in proper position and you're unable to move it, instead check in with all your kitchen items and give them a little TLC. Fix the leaky faucet, the noisy dishwasher, and the energy-sucking fridge, replace chipped bowls, declutter, and ensure counter space and cupboards are efficiently utilized for top function.
Your bedroom and bed placement is another crucial element, as we spend nearly a third of our life sleeping. If you dig deep into Feng Shui, you'll place your bed and design your room based on your Kua number. For beginners, a few easy adjustments will send you in the right direction: keep the head of the bed up against a wall, invest in a solid headboard, avoid shelving units above your bed, and opt for warm and rich earth tones and soft natural colors.
If you feel your home isn't your haven—or just isn't working for you—take a few hours on a Saturday to make some of these quick and easy Feng-inspired moves in support of the energy you desire.
So, you're taking a road trip for the Fourth of July weekend, and you're about to leave the state.
Do you fill up on gas now, or do you wait to fill up after you cross the border?
Making the wrong decision could cost you more than $10 a tank, depending on where you're heading.
"Watch out for those state lines," says Patrick DeHaan, senior petroleum analyst at fuel-station-finding app GasBuddy.
Gas prices averaged $2.86 per gallon Tuesday, according to AAA, hitting a four-year high for Independence Day travel.
Here's some advice before you head out – all prices according to GasBuddy:
1. Fill up in Arizona, not California
The price disparity between these two states is extreme.
Arizona averaged $3.06 per gallon as of Tuesday, while California averaged $3.73, according to GasBuddy.
At those prices, a 15-gallon fill-up is $10.06 more expensive in California.
2. Fill up in Texas, not New Mexico
If you're road-tripping in the Southwest, price differences can be significant. This is another good example.
The price of fuel in Texas, where oil refineries are clustered, averaged $2.66 on Tuesday. In New Mexico, it was $2.91.
That means you'd save $3.75 in Texas on a 15-gallon tank.
3. Fill up in Louisiana, not Texas
But Texas is more expensive than Louisiana, which is also a hot spot for refineries.
Prices averaged $2.59 in Louisiana on Tuesday, compared with $2.66 in Texas.
Generally, though, "anywhere in the South" is a good place to fill up, DeHaan said. "They're right in oil's backyard. Plus, low taxes."
4. Fill up in Ohio, not Michigan
Ohio is much more forgiving on the pocketbook than its rival to the north.
With prices averaging $2.79 on Tuesday, Ohio was sharply lower than Michigan's $2.96.
5. Fill up in Virginia, not West Virginia
Going white-river rafting in West Virginia? Sounds fun.
But fill up first in Virginia, where prices are 21 cents lower at $2.61.
6. Fill up in West Virginia, not Pennsylvania
West Virginia doesn't look so bad when you see prices in Pennsylvania, which averaged $3.01 on Tuesday, compared with West Virginia's $2.82.
7. Fill up in Massachusetts, not Connecticut
At $2.91, Massachusetts isn't exactly an oasis of cheap gas.
But it's still cheaper than neighboring Connecticut at $3.08.
8. Fill up in South Carolina, not North Carolina
North Carolina is 14 cents higher at $2.66.
Come to think of it, fill up in South Carolina no matter where you're heading. It's the cheapest gas state in the country, according to GasBuddy.
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
Sprouts Farmers Market needs to fill more than 140 employment positions for its new location in North Las Vegas.
Available positions include full and part-time career opportunities in various departments including managers, cashiers, courtesy clerks, backup receiver, administrative coordinator and scan coordinator. A media release said the store, located at 6150 North Decatur Boulevard, is expected to open its doors on Aug. 1 at 7 a.m. This is the sixth Sprouts Market in the Las Vegas area.
Sprouts Market offers employees numerous benefits including competitive pay, discounts on products and the opportunity to advance their careers within the company.
Interested applicants should visit Sprouts' career website to apply for available employment positions.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
SARASOTA, Fla. (WFLA) An 83-year-old Sarasota, Florida man is accused of walloping a car salesperson in the head with a golf club and hitting the salesperson with their car after learning they only got a $5 Walmart gift card as a scratch-off ticket prize.
RELATED: Deputies: Florida man, 83, hit car salesperson in head with golf club
Linsey Dean Owens, 83, is charged with two counts of aggravated battery with a deadly weapon.
The victim, a car salesperson named Christian, said that Owens showed up with a scratch-off ticket and was angry the promotion was for a $5 Walmart gift card. They were expecting a better prize.
“I heard them yelling and screaming profanities about the five dollar Walmart gift card that they won. So They were pretty upset over that. I guess they drove about eight miles to get there and thought they should've been entitled to something more than that,” said Christian.
Deputies say Owens got into their car and started to leave and sped up and swerved at the victim causing the mirror of Owens' car to hit them in the left forearm.
Democrats may not want to admit it, but Trump has been crushing one of their major goals since entering office and that is destroying ISIS. Since taking over office, Trump as scrapped most of the Obama era military rules and gave the current military more freedom to engage terrorism and ISIS, and needless to say, the U.S. military is making quick work of ISIS.
Within just one year of the military having increased freedom, we have seen massive gains as ISIS loses ground in the middle east.
ISIS once governed immense territory in Iraq and Syria, ruling over 8 million people and controlling profitable refineries, agriculture, smuggling routes, and arsenals. Now, ISIS controls just 3 percent of Iraq and 5 percent of Syria. Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, is in hiding, and American forces and regional allies have liberated key cities like Mosul, Raqqa, Tel Afar, and Rawa.
Brig. Gen. Andrew Croft, the ranking U.S. Air Force officer in Iraq, told Fox News they credit the Trump administration with providing the right leadership.
“The leadership team that is in place right now has certainly enabled us to succeed,” Croft said. “I couldn't ask for a better leadership team to work for, to enable the military to do what it does best.”
The President's hands-off approach has led to accelerated results. “It moved more quickly than at least I had anticipated,” Croft said. “We and the Iraqi Security Forces were able to hunt down and target ISIS leadership, target their command and control.”
Marine Col. Seth Folsom, who oversaw fighting in Al Qaim near the Syrian border, described feeling “liberated” under the new leadership.
“I never felt constrained. In a lot of ways, I felt quite liberated because we had a clear mandate and there was no questioning that.”
Brig. Gen. Robert “G-Man” Sofge, the top U.S. Marine in Iraq, echoed Folsom's sentiment, saying commanders have “enjoyed not having to deal with too many distractions and there was no question about what the mission here in Iraq was.”
They continued:
WASHINGTON: Male rats exposed to very high levels of the kind of radiation emitted by cellphones developed tumors in the tissues around their hearts, according to a draft report by US government researchers on the potential health risks of the devices.Female rats and mice exposed in the same way did not develop tumors, according to the preliminary report from the US National Toxicology Program (NTP), a part of the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences.The findings add to years of research meant to help settle the debate over whether cellphone radiation is harmful.Although intriguing, the findings can not be extrapolated to humans, NTP scientists and the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) said on Friday. They noted that the animal studies were meant to test extreme exposures to cell phone radiation, and that current safety limits on cellphone radiation are protective.However, the two 10-year, $25 million studies — the most comprehensive assessments of health effects and exposure to radiofrequency radiation in rats and mice to date — do raise new questions about exposure to the ubiquitous devices.In the studies, about 6 percent of male rats whose entire bodies were exposed to the highest level of cell phone radiation developed schwannomas — a rare type of tumor — in nerve tissue near their hearts, while there were no schwannomas in animals that were not exposed to radiation.“The intriguing part of this is the kind of tumors we saw were similar to tumors noted for quite some time in some epidemiological studies in heavy-duty cellphone users,” John Bucher, a senior scientist with NTP, said in a telephone interview.“Of course, these were in the nerves in the ear and next to the brain, but the tumor types were the same as we saw in the heart.”Dr. Otis Brawley, chief medical officer of the American Cancer Society, noted that the studies were negative for common tumors.“These draft reports are bound to create a lot of concern, but in fact they won't change what I tell people: the evidence for an association between cellphones and cancer is weak, and so far, we have not seen a higher cancer risk in people,” they said in a statement on Twitter.Brawley said if cellphone users are concerned about this data in animals they should wear an earpiece.Unlike ionizing radiation such as that from gamma rays, radon and X-rays, which can break chemical bonds in the body and are known to cause cancer, radiofrequency devices such as cellphones and microwaves emit radiofrequency energy, a form of non-ionizing radiation.The concern with this type of radiation is that it produces energy in the form of heat, and frequent exposure against the skin could alter brain cell activity, as some studies have suggested.In the NTP study, rats and mice were exposed to higher levels of radiation for longer periods of time than what people experience with even the highest level of cellphone use, and their entire bodies were exposed all at once, according to the draft report.Bucher said the effect likely only showed up in the male rats because they were larger, and likely absorbed more radiation than the female rats or mice.Cellphones typically emit lower levels of radiation than maximum levels allowed, the draft report said.Cellphone radiation quickly dissipates, so the risk, if any, would be to areas of the body in close proximity to the device emitting the radiation, Bucher said.He said the findings are intended to help inform the design of future cell phone technologies. The study looked at only 2G and 3G frequencies, which are still commonly used for phone calls. It does not apply to 4G or 5G, which use different frequencies and modulation, they said.NTP, a part of the National Institutes of Health, will hold an external expert review of its findings on March 26-28.Dr. Jeffrey Shuren, head of the FDA's radiological health division, said there is not enough evidence to say cellphone use poses health risks to people.“Even with frequent daily use by the vast majority of adults, we have not seen an increase in events like brain tumors,” they said in a statement. “We believe the current safety limits for cellphones are acceptable for protecting the public health.”Asked what the public should take from the study, Bucher said, “I wouldn't change my behavior based on these studies, and I haven't.”Nevertheless, the findings are potentially a concern for device makers, especially the world's three biggest smartphone sellers, Apple Inc, Korea's Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. and China's Huawei Technologies.The CTIA, the trade association representing AT&T Inc, Verizon Communications Inc, Apple Inc, Sprint Corp, DISH Network Corp, and others, said on Friday that previous studies have shown cellphone RF energy emissions have no known heath risks.“We understand that the NTP draft reports for its mice and rat studies will be put out for comment and peer review so that their significance can be assessed,” the group said.Samsung and Apple did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
The San Diego County Sheriff's Department (SDSO) is warning residents of a blackmail scam involving the digital currency known as Bitcoin.
SDSO said that scammers are mailing letters to potential victims that threatens to release humiliating information about the individual if they don't pay the scammers using the crypto-currency Bitcoin.
The scammer then tells the individual how to buy Bitcoin and a “bitcoin wallet” that makes the currency harder to trace when sending, SDSO said.
The department warned San Diegans Friday that the letter is a scam. Those that receive a letter should not respond or send any money.
Anyone who believes they have received a Bitcoin blackmail letter should alert the United States Postal Inspection Service at (877) 876-2455 or file a complaint online. Complaints can also be sent to the Federal Bureau of Investigation Internet Crime unit at ic3.gov.
Aiteo Group and Benedict Peters, its Executive Vice Chairman, have announced the appointment of 13 Nigerian lawyers to assist the recently engaged international laws firms in the country.
The list of the Nigerian lawyers comprises seven Senior Advocates of Nigeria (SANs) and six other lawyers of repute.
They are to address legal and political-based issues surrounding the oil company and its Executive Vice Chairman, Benedict Peters.
The team, led by Chief Wole Olanipekun, Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN), a former leader of the Nigeria Bar, comprises senior lawyers Kanu Agabi SAN and Chief Akin Olujinmi, SAN, both former Attorneys General and Ministers of Justice of the Federation, reknown Constitutional and Human Rights Lawyer Chief Mike Ozekhome SAN, Messrs Paul Usoro, SAN, Rotimi Ogunesi SAN and A U Mustapha, SAN.
All Senior Advocates (the equivalents of Queen's Counsel in the United Kingdom) are distinguished practitioners at the apex of legal practice in Nigeria.
Others lawyers include Ebenezer Obeya, Chief Andrew Oru, Mrs Boma Alabi, Messrs Chidi Nobis-Elendu, Emeka Ozoani and Joseph Nwatu.
Olanipekun, who is described as Nigeria's Avant-Garde lawyer, is referred to as of Nigeria's leading trial lawyer.
Kanu Agabi, an accomplished litigator, served Nigeria twice as Attorney General as did Akin Olujinmi whose core practice is also litigation.
Mike Ozekhome's reputation as one of Nigeria's foremost Constitutional Law and Human Rights advocates draws from a lifelong career of fighting oppression and injustice through courts and social advocacy.
Paul Usoro is a nationally acclaimed litigation and transaction expert whose core areas span the gamut of commercial law practice.
Excellent all-rounders Ogunesi (of the stable of Abdullahi Ibrahim, SAN, also a former Attorney General of the Federation) and Mustapha make up the team of Senior Advocates.
Others in the team include Security law expert Ebenezer Obeya, dual qualified and former President of the Commonwealth Lawyers Association Boma Alabi as well as the combative Andrew Oru.
Announcing these appointments, Andrew Onyearu, Aiteo Group Executive Director and General Counsel said “… The Group's belief in the Rule of Law and the legal processes in Nigeria require engagement with both commitment and premium resources.
“Recently, our conviction in the infallibility of our judicial processes continues to be vindicated by judicial pronouncements deprecating the unjustified calumnious attacks on our business and personal outlook. Our respect for this process mandates that those who advocate positions on our behalf possess and demonstrate the type of world-class credentials that our lawyers clearly possess.”
They further observed that “…at the fulcrum of this stance is that desire to ensure that the course of justice is charted with the utmost sense of application, responsibility and expertise”.
Quite significantly, they state that “…the Group has been adversely affected by a lithany of unsustainable unlawful developments affecting both reputational and commercial integrity in a manner that has negatively impacted its operations. T
“he Groups can no longer allow this situation to continue and as such, has resolved to take steps to protect all its legal interests. Recent positive – and groundbreaking – outcomes from judicial interventions that we have achieved serve as clear pointers about the direction that we are now pursuing. Increasing the successful utilization of the judicial process in areas where we have been wronged will be the main objective of the team we have now put together.”
The scope of the work to be undertaken by the team will span the breadth of contentious legal work. It is understood, specifically, that one of its early mandates is to review defamatory publications commonly referred to as “open source” materials in which Aiteo and Peters have been featured in the last few years and to redress these fabricated insinuations by all available means including court actions, a process which appears to have already started.
LastPass Warns Users As It Fixes 'Major' Vulnerability
Password manager LastPass is advising users to avoid using its browser plugins while it battles to fix a "major architectural problem," which could allow an attacker to steal passwords or execute code.
The vulnerability was discovered by Tavis Ormandy, a security researcher at Google, who tweeted about its existence over the weekend. Keeping with responsible disclosure norms, Ormandy did not publicly state how the bug is exploited, and informed LastPass of its existence.
In a warning to users, the password manager firm wrote "We are now actively addressing the vulnerability. This attack is unique and highly sophisticated. We don't want to disclose anything specific about the vulnerability or our fix that could reveal anything to less sophisticated but nefarious parties. So you can expect a more detailed post mortem once this work is complete."
It detailed three steps users could take to keep themselves safe: launch sites directly from the LastPass Vault; use two-factor authentication; and beware of phishing attacks.
Ormandy has been focusing research efforts on LastPass for some time now, as part of their work with Google's Project Zero, a wing of the company devoted to finding and reporting security flaws in other company's products. A week earlier, LastPass issued a fix for a pair of issues the security researcher reported, saying: “We greatly value the work that Tavis, Project Zero, and other white-hat researchers provide. We all benefit when this security model works for responsibly disclosing bugs, and are confident LastPass is stronger for the attention.”
Despite the existence of bugs in products like LastPass, most information security experts recommend using a password manager. For the majority of users, password reuse is considered a more pressing security issue than the targeted hack of a password manager: data breaches occur with such regularity that anything which prevents the damage from spreading beyond the affected site is critical, and the vast majority of people are not capable of remembering enough unique, strong passwords to cover all the sites and services they use.
A minority of security researchers do have concerns over the password manager model, however. In 2014, Microsoft researchers Dinei Florêncio and Cormac Herley and Paul C Van Oorschot from Carelton University in Canada argued that they introduce a single point of failure, putting users not only at risk of a hack, but also simply losing or forgetting the password to their password manager.
© 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Ever since Anurag Kashyap has heard the news of CBFC chairperson Pahlaj Nihalani being replaced by adman-lyricist Prasoon Joshi, they can't contain their happiness and while, talking to HT, they said, "Something you've been waiting for, and it suddenly happens, it's like wow! Did this really happen? And that, too, before my film came out."
Talking about Prasoon Joshi, they said, "I might disagree with the things [Prasoon Joshi] says or does sometimes, but not all the time. Also, he's a very open person. What is amazing is that a dialogue is possible."
"See, the government that will come in -any government, Congress or BJP - will always hand over institutions to people who're kind of aligned with its ideologies."
Sushant Singh Rajput BREAKS SILENCE On Being Tagged As An 'ARROGANT' Actor!
"I believe there should be no censorship and only certification, and I believe Prasoon Joshi is the kind of person who believes in that, because they have often talked about it," said Anurag.
Recalling their traumating experience with Pahlaj Nihalani, they said, "Pahlajji was like a darbar (court) who'd sit down and make you stand and talk for three hours and lecture you how he's better than you."
"It's a very humiliating process that every filmmaker went through. It wasn't a dialogue but only a monologue, where they would be the one talking; and he'd tell you what to do. There would be subtle threats and this and that... You have no idea what kind of relief this is!"
Fans Do Not Want Hina's Name To Be Dragged Unnecessarily!
A fan asked her, "Vikas is all right na???" - (sic). They replied, "Ya why what hapnd." - (sic). Another fan wrote, "I don't want you to comment or to be dragged in this matter. But cause of Vikas Gupta Whole Hina fandom is called of without doing anything wrong. It was their own fan who passed bad remarks for Karan Patel while their comments made us fall in the trap." - (sic)
Hina Responds To The Fan's Distasteful Comment!
Hina replied to the concerned fan, "I always feel truth hs its own life n a unique but certain way of coming out. No point tryin to prove tht water is liquid if u know what I mean! As a celebrity or as a fan we al cn always b smart bout r reactions on things. My dear Hinaholics you all are true and unique souls❤️"- (sic)
The Ex-Bigg Boss Contestant Trolled For Them Goa Trip Pictures
Hina's fan, who was disappointed that many trolled them for their Goa trip, wrote, "@eyehinakhan I listen lots of unfair things about you on your Goa trip I am very disappointed by this ... You want to say something about this..." - (sic)
The Actress Reacts To The Trolls!
The actor replied to the concerned fan, "I enjoyed my trip, and as a fan or as an appreciator if u love me, you shud also enjoy the moments I shared with u.. don't care about the trollers or the media (who acknowledge them) and give them a voice.. likewise if we talk about it we do the same.. so think and ignore.." - (sic)
‘Kuch To Log Kahenge'
When a fan asked Hina to dedicate a song to hinaholics, they wrote, "Kuch to log kahenge.. logun ka kaam hai kehna.. #HinaBoltiHaiAbhiBusHoGaya bole toh full stop ✋" - (sic)
A key executive behind Amazon Go, the online leader's much heralded cashier-less grocery store, says they were surprised how many customers were hesitant to just walk out the store.
Gianna Puerini, vice president of Amazon Go, which opened in January in Seattle, says shoppers had to learn a new shopping behavior.
That was one of the insights they and another executive shared at Shoptalk, a retail industry event that kicked off its four-day run Sunday in Las Vegas.
Puerini also noted that the best-selling item has been chicken sandwiches. Other popular items are meal kits and fresh fruit. With the Amazon Go app, the retailer can get real-time customer feedback.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
The organization says many individuals and families from greater Houston have not had enough time to register.
Members of The Metropolitan Organization (TMO) demanded Friday that the state of Texas requests to extend the deadline for Harvey victims to sign up for the Disaster Supplemental Nutrition Program, also known as D-SNAP, which provides funds to buy food.
The deadline to sign up is this Friday and TMO, which is a multi-faith group, says the Texas Department of Health and Human Services should request from the federal government an extension of at least one week.
TMO argues that many individuals and families from greater Houston have not had enough time to sign up because the lines at the facilities designated to do it were too long.
On Friday morning, there were about 8,000 people waiting in line to sign up for D-SNAP at the George R. Brown Convention Center, in downtown Houston.
The Convention Center is scheduled to close its doors at 7 p.m. this Friday.
According to preliminary data, more than 200,000 people have received D-SNAP funds so far in Harris County, the Houston Chronicle reported.
Mansfield's top police officer has hailed the ongoing efforts to tackle homelessness in the town.
Inspector Nick Butler, Mansfield district commander, said there was a lot of good work going on in Mansfield, “particularly regarding rough sleeping”.
Speaking during a Facebook Live broadcast, they said: “In the past, a number of people you will see in the town in doorways.
“That number has got less and less than the months have gone on, but we are out there to engage with them and help them along with a charity called Framework.
“We just make sure those people have got access to support and, where there are substance misuse issues, they're able to access services to support them.
“That works really well in Mansfield.
“We've got some great provision and some brilliant people working alongside the people in town that need that help.
“However, what we have found is there are still a few people in doorways who need help. so if you get a chance, go to frameworkha.org and that talks about the work going on in the town and you can highlight where you have find people sleeping who might need that support.”
Insp Butler's comments came after new Mansfield MP Ben Bradley pledged to make homelessness one of their priorities.
Mr Bradley, who was elected as Mansfield first Conservative MP in June, said: “We do have an issue with homelessness in Mansfield and I believe we need to work together to make sure we can improve the lives of the people who want to be helped.”
It comes after a council report in January revealed the number of people sleeping rough in Mansfield had more than trebled in the previous 12 months.
In a snapshot taken in autumn 2016, Mansfield District Council reported an increase in known rough sleepers from eight to 27 in the past year.
Agencies pledged to increase support in 2017 to work with rough sleepers in the town, following a meeting of the Mansfield Homeless Network,
The council, working with Framework, set up a street outreach team to make contact with people sleeping rough, which is reported to have had a significiant impact in addressing the problem.
READ MORE:
Homelessness in Mansfield on the rise
Huge rise in homelessness in Mansfield
MP makes homelessness a priority
President Donald Trump is expected to tell the House Intelligence Committee that they do not object to the release of a classified memo about the Russia investigation, a senior White House official said Thursday.
A decision not to block the memo's release would fly in the face of warnings from law enforcement officials — the FBI has said it has "grave concerns" about the memo's disclosure — as well as Democrats, who contend the memo is designed to distort the federal probe into Russian interference in the 2016 election.
Speaking to reporters aboard Air Force One, the senior White House official said the White House has had time over the last couple of days to look over the memo "to make sure it doesn't give away too much in terms of classification."
"Right now, I think it will be that we tell the Congress, probably tomorrow, that the president is okay with it," the official added, noting that the ultimate public disclosure of the memo is in the hands of Congress.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Report: Trump wanted Nunes memo released before reading it 9:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Republican lawmakers pushing for the release of the memo have said it examines how the FBI eavesdrops on suspects in national security investigations. They have also contended it shows corruption in the FBI, proving that special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation is based on a fraud.
Specifically, they say the memo shows that the FBI relied on an opposition research dossier paid for by Democrats to obtain a warrant to conduct secret surveillance on a Trump campaign aide, Carter Page.
Democrats, for their part, have called the memo a grossly distorted attack on the Mueller probe, which is investigating Trump's campaign for possible collusion with Russia and obstruction of justice.
If Trump declassifies the memo it could be released in whatever way the White House chooses. Or the president could declassify the memo and send it back to the House to handle the public disclosure.
If the president does declassify the memo, the House Intelligence Committee has more leeway to make the contents public as it chooses, and it is not required that the House be in session. Just how soon the House would release the material is not clear and some members think it might be after Saturday.
The president could also choose not to declassify the memo but inform the House they have no objection to it being put out. That would require it be submitted to the Congressional Record or have a member read it on the floor, which would have to take place when the House is in session and it is expected that would have to wait until the next regular session day on Monday, at the earliest.
Justice Department officials told NBC News that the issues raised in the memo are so highly classified that they may not be in a position to point out errors or misleading statements.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed WH official: Trump to tell Congress they approve GOP memo release 2:16 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
It was not immediately clear whether the memo would be redacted when it is made public.
A White House official told NBC News on Thursday evening that the White House is still evaluating some redactions at the FBI's request, but leaning toward making none before approving its release. A senior administration official said as much on Air Force One earlier in the day: "I doubt there will be any redactions."
Related: FBI urges White House not to release GOP Russia-probe memo
On Wednesday, the FBI — just hours after Trump assured a lawmaker they planned to allow the document to become public — said the memo was inaccurate and misleading.
"We have grave concerns about material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo's accuracy," the FBI said. The statement followed a Monday visit to the White House by FBI Director Christopher Wray and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein who asked Trump's chief of staff, John Kelly, not to make the memo public, according to two sources familiar with the matter.
Meanwhile, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., said Thursday the memo was meant to "sow conspiracy theories and attack the integrity of federal law enforcement as a means to protect President Trump."
Schumer also accused House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., one of the primary authors of the memo, of working to "undermine the rule of law and interfere with the Russia probe" and called on House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., to remove them as chair.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump may release controversial memo today despite 'grave concerns' by FBI 3:32 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The latest developments come less than 24 hours after Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., the Intelligence Committee's ranking Democrat, complained that the committee had sent the White House a different version of the classified memo about the Trump-Russia investigation from the one that committee Republicans voted to release to the public.
House Republicans voted to release the classified memo Monday night under a House rule that lawmakers say has not been used in modern times. The president has five days to object.
Jack Langer, a spokesperson for Nunes, confirmed that the memo had been edited, but said that the changes included "grammatical fixes and two edits requested by the FBI and by the Minority themselves," referring to committee Democrats.
OSHAWA, Ont. — Ontario's police watchdog is investigating after a 26-year-old man was injured in a traffic collision in Oshawa.
The Special Investigations Unit says Durham regional police tried to stop a vehicle around 1 a.m. Wednesday.
They say the vehicle ran into a tree, seriously injuring the driver.
The SIU says they have assigned forensic investigators and a collision reconstruction specialist to the case.
They are asking anyone with information about the incident to contact them.
The SIU is an arm's-length agency that probes cases of death, serious injury or alleged sexual assault involving police.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A hotel and conference centre in the Black Country has been sold.
The 81-bedroom Ramada in Oldbury has been acquired by Redwings Lodge Group which operates several hotels including a venue under its own brand in Wolverhampton city centre.
The Ramada was put up for sale following a turn around in business performance when former owner and local business person Gurjit Mahal, purchased it out of administration in 2012.
Charles Jones, senior business agent at consultancy Christie & Co in Birmingham, which sold the premises, said: "The Ramada opened in 2008 and also includes a restaurant and four function rooms which are extensively used for conferences, events and weddings so we knew it would generate a lot of interest once on the market.
"Redwings Lodge is very happy to be associated with the Ramada brand and plans to extend the property, adding new restaurant space and further bedrooms.
"They are also looking to further expand their portfolio within the Birmingham and Coventry area."
The Ramada sold off a freehold at undisclosed price.
After a weekend of deadly violence and chaos in Charlottesville, University of Virginia officials again denounced white supremacy and insisted that the community "will not surrender" to hatred as regular school operations resumed.
Virginia President Teresa Sullivan said Sunday evening that the school went back to its regular schedules, which include open houses later this week, after they canceled all engagements Saturday. Sullivan added that counseling services are available for students, faculty and staff.
"The weekend events do not define Charlottesville or the University of Virginia," Sullivan said in a statement. "Our community comes together in times of great need, and in the coming days we will continue an important dialogue and begin the healing process."
University rector Frank Conner also condemned the "vile view of humanity" and offered strong words in the wake of the rallies that took place over the weekend.
Car Plows Into Crowd After Charlottesville 'Alt-Right' Rally
One person died and more than a dozen were injured when a car slammed into a crowd after a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. News4's Derrick Ward reports from Charlottesville. (Published Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017)
"They will not succeed," Conner said in a statement, referring to white nationalism. "We will not surrender. We are here to support all in our community, particularly those who feel the impact of their hatred most keenly. And we are here to ensure our highest priority - the safety of all."
The weekend's chaos began Friday night when a group of white nationalists carried torches and marched through Virginia's campus, a gathering that Sullivan called an "unlawful assembly." The group marched ahead of a planned rally in Charlottesville on Saturday.
Saturday's rally, organized to protest the removal of a Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from Emancipation Park, turned violent when clashes broke out between the more than 1,000 white nationalists and counter-protesters. A car plowed into a crowd of counter-protesters, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer. And a Virginia State Police helicopter responding to the violence then crashed into the woods outside of town, killing both troopers on board.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Multi-year project on critical system update using Agile delivery methodologies
TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Intelliware Development is pleased to announce a multi-year partnership for Agile software development services with Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan (Ontario Teachers').
Ontario Teachers' is embarking on a modernization of its pension benefit administration applications.
Intelliware was selected for their proven track record of project delivery, their expertise with Agile delivery methods and Ontario Teachers' technologies of choice, a local presence, and their team-based 'build software solutions together' approach.
"The engagement with Ontario Teachers' is a perfect fit with our value proposition and our delivery focused culture", states Greg Betty, Intelliware CEO. "They were looking for the best people and a proven Agile delivery process that supported their strategic goals for this project. We are happy and excited to work closely with Ontario Teachers' and deliver on their important strategic initiative."
Highlights of the engagement include:
Tightly integrated co-team delivery with Ontario Teachers' staff
State-of-the-art toolsets to support Agile and distributed teams
Full software development service offerings including architectural design, UX/UI, development, business analysis and quality engineering
Working with and helping to advance DevOps practices
Modernization of their pension benefit administration applications platform with incremental releases to production
About Ontario Teacher's
The Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan (Ontario Teachers') is Canada's largest single-profession pension plan, with $175.6 billion in net assets at December 31, 2016. It holds a diverse global portfolio of assets, approximately 80% of which is managed in-house, and has earned an average annualized rate of return of 10.1% since the plan's founding in 1990. Ontario Teachers' is an independent organization headquartered in Toronto. Its Asia-Pacific region office is located in Hong Kong and its Europe, Middle East & Africa region office is in London. The defined-benefit plan, which is fully funded, invests and administers the pensions of the province of Ontario's 318,000 active and retired teachers.
About Intelliware Development Inc.
Intelliware is a custom software development services provider based in Toronto, Canada. Using an Agile approach, Intelliware offers high velocity, reliable software services to deliver high quality software for its clients. Intelliware is engaged as a technical partner by a wide range of local, national and global organizations in sectors that span Financial Services, Healthcare, ICT, Retail, and Manufacturing.
For more information, visit www.intelliware.com.
Tech execs don't fail because they lack talent; they just don't do enough of the right things.
When you take on a new CIO role you expect to succeed. You've climbed the rungs of leadership and have been vetted, tested and proven through much of your career.
Yet, 30 to 50 per cent of qualified executives are asked or forced to leave a new role in the first 18 months. They don't fail because they lack talent or underperform — they did the right things, just not enough of them.
These failures can be seen as “derailments,” the outcome of placing a leader in a role they don't adjust to. This could be due to who they are, what they focus on and where they work. This causes them to fall into three avoidable traps – misuse of leadership traits, mistaken work priorities and changing organisational context.
Such failures may force CIOs into a survival role, where they can't make the most of their talent. The company also suffers from lost investment in the executive, as well as reduced employee engagement and morale, decreased customer satisfaction and weaker business results.
There are three areas that can help you avoid becoming a statistic and keep your career safely on track:
1. Identify the underside of your leadership traits
If you move into a new role and continue to rely on the skills that made you successful in the past, you put yourself at risk of derailing. When you're presented with novel challenges and situations, the same skills and behaviours that helped you get promoted or hired may not be applicable.
Failures might be due to misunderstanding the transition, ambiguity in defining IT success or lack of clarity in role expectations. It could be due to poor relationship management with peers or pushing change at the wrong pace. These are only the outward manifestation of a problem that may lie in your character.
Executives who derail tend to exhibit one of six negative leadership traits: control, boastfulness, eccentricity, reluctance, detachment and mistrust. They don't tend to recognise these traits in themselves because they're the flipside of the positive traits that powered their success. The changing situation, higher stakes and greater scrutiny of their new role bring out the negative traits in their behaviour.
A CIO may be hired for positive qualities, yet a situation could lead them to express the qualities in a negative way. A great example is a visionary CIO hired to lead a digital business transformation, coming from a decentralised organisation into a centralised one. The entrepreneurial, independent behaviours that were rewarded in the old organisation now cause the CIO to appear to be disconnected and aloof from the decision making processes of the new organisation.
2. Prioritise team over financial objectives
You'll risk derailing if you focus primarily on financial objectives and key performance indicators (KPIs). This isn't always easy though with the pressure to reduce costs or if you're part of a struggling business.
IT organisation's success comes from the people who ultimately report up to you. Reaching financial or other goals depends on making those workers productive. You'll be less likely to derail if you prioritise your team.
The higher you rise in the ranks, the more important soft leadership skills become as you guide those who execute the business strategy. Get to know each team member and their strengths, weaknesses and career ambitions. Help them achieve their personal and professional goals.
Experience and skill may get you hired as CIO, but they aren't enough to keep the job. Most often, CIOs derail due to an emotional deficit. This could be due to an inability to build a team and develop leaders, poor relationship skills or a failure to learn from mistakes. It could be caused by a lack of collaboration and resistance to other people's ideas, or double standards — not living up to the expectations that they set for their subordinates.
3. Assess the new context for fit
The context changes whenever you take on a new role, especially if you move to another division or company. Goals, responsibilities, relationships, culture, competitive landscape and other factors all shape the environment in which you do your job.
Much of your success will depend on the context – whether your leadership style fits those of the executives you collaborate with; whether the company's goals suit your skill set; or whether your character meshes with the culture.
A move into a new role involves changing one or more of the factors that make up the context. You can adapt to changing circumstances – learning new things is part of any career development. Beyond a certain point though, a changed context becomes alien and leads to derailment.
De-Onn Griffin is a research director at Gartner. They advise CIOs on team, management and leadership skills development and motivation.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Paul Krugman: America Has Now Become A “Stan” Or Something
Remember when we were supposed to give Barack Obama a chance in 2008? Not in Paul Krugman's world, where doom is occurring and Trump is at fault
America Becomes A Stan In 2015 the city of Ashgabat, the capital of Turkmenistan, was graced with a new public monument: a giant gold-plated sculpture portraying the country's president on horseback. This may strike you as a bit excessive. But cults of personality are actually the norm in the “stans,” the Central Asian countries that emerged after the fall of the Soviet Union, all of which are ruled by strongmen who surround themselves with tiny cliques of wealthy crony capitalists. Americans used to find the antics of these regimes, with their tinpot dictators, funny. But who's laughing now? We are, after all, about to hand over power to a man who has spent their whole adult life trying to build a cult of personality around himself; remember, their “charitable” foundation spent a lot of money buying a six-foot portrait of its founder. Meanwhile, one look at their Twitter account is enough to show that victory has done nothing to slake their thirst for ego gratification. So we can expect lots of self-aggrandizement once he's in office. I don't think it will go as far as gold-plated statues, but really, who knows? (blah blah blah) In short, America is rapidly turning into a stan.
Here's the kicker
But let's get real. Everything we know suggests that we're entering an era of epic corruption and contempt for the rule of law, with no restraint whatsoever.
Really?
@paulkrugman Where were you when Obama was seflieing himself, using the IRS to abuse opponents, and ruling by pen? — William Teach (@WilliamTeach) January 2, 2017
We've literally (not the Joe Biden type) just been through 8 years of what Krugman is complaining about. The massive waste of taxpayer money so that Obama can vacation and campaign. Using the IRS as a tool to abuse conservative groups. Attempting to hide everything from Freedom Of Information Requests. And Congress. Lying to Congress and the People. Using secretive email to communicate. Hillary's server. People like Huma Abadin double-dipping in their work for government and private entities, and doing it for pay for play. The constant photos of Obama inserting themselves into everything that happens. Refusing to engage Congress and instead passing rule after rule, regulation after regulation, many of which exceeded statutory limitations and had federal judges telling the Obama administration to cease and desist.
Krugman even goes on to whine about the George W. Bush administration. But nothing for Obama and their time.
The only question now is whether the rot has gone so deep that nothing can stop America's transformation into Trumpistan. One thing is for sure: It's destructive as well as foolish to ignore the uncomfortable risk, and simply assume that it will all be O.K. It won't.
How will it go with Trump? Time will tell. Yes, I'm concerned. I've been concerned since they started rising in the polls. But, I'm willing to give them a chance. Lefties like Paul Krugman are not only unwilling to give them a change, they're at level 10 Moonbat.
Crossed at Pirate's Cove. Follow me on Twitter @WilliamTeach.
The Oor Wullie Bucket Trail inspired thousands of folk to get around Dundee for selfies with the popular statues last summer.
When the figurines were sold off in September one fan found themselves at a loose end.
Heather McKenzie, 42, of the Clepington Road area, had enjoyed discovering the city's nooks and crannies so much that they decided to come up with their own trail.
In February of this year they began their #HeathersBridges2017 Facebook group where they would walk around Tayside and across Scotland to visit and pose for selfies in front of the best bridges they could find.
So far Heather has visited more than 20 bridges, from the landmark Tay rail crossing to lesser known structures such as the Seven Arches viaduct near Balmossie Railway Station and the Linlathen iron bridge — thought to be Scotland's oldest such construction.
Heather, who is a paralegal for Thorntons, said: “Before the bucket trail I never really got out walking much, so it was good for getting me out and about.
“After the bucket trail finished I felt I needed to set myself a new challenge.
“I've lived in Dundee for 25 years but because of the bucket trail I've seen lots of places I had never been before and it gave me lots of ideas for things I could see and places I could go.
“So I came up with the idea of bridges.
“I've set up a page and a group on Facebook for people to get involved and put forward any ideas of bridges to visit.”
Since launching the page on February 7, hundreds of people have followed Heather's expeditions, with many putting forward suggestions.
They said: “So many people have been getting in touch and saying which bridges to go to.
“The group was originally shared around my friends but now I've got people I don't know getting involved which is great as well.
“I've seen quite a few bridges around the Dundee area now and Callander where I'm from originally, but I have plans to go further afield in Scotland.
“There's a River Clyde Heritage Trail in Glasgow that features 21 bridges, so I'd like to do that at some point and perhaps also spend a weekend in Edinburgh checking out bridges there too.
“It's really interesting finding out the history of the bridges.
“When someone recommends one I will work out how I get there and maybe read up about it beforehand.
“That was how I found out the one in Linlathen was the oldest iron bridge in Scotland.”
And despite their plans to expand their knowledge of bridges outside of Tayside, it's the ones closer to home that Heather has enjoyed the most.
They said: “Out of the 21 I've visited so far, the Linlathen one is probably the nicest to look at and the Tay Bridge has a great history.
“But one in Callander was a favourite of mine, too.”
Charlene LaPensee began painting NASCAR theme segments on the couple's RV in 2012. Today they are painting the Young Guns of racing while parked on the grounds of Charlotte Motor Speedway. Charlene and husband, Bernie is from Ontario, Canada and thus far this year has been to the Daytona 500, Volusia County in Florida for dirt track racing, toured the NASCAR Hall of Fame, race shops and testing at CMS. The couple will attend this Saturday's All Star race and then head north following Sunday's Coca-Cola 600 on May 28th.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Less than half the patients diagnosed with cancer respond favorably to chemotherapy. Now, a new method for testing how patients will respond to various drugs could pave the way for more personalized treatment.
Using Doppler light scattering, like a weather radar, researchers can determine how a patient will respond to chemotherapy even before they begin treatment.
“It's like watching the weather inside living tissue as the tissue is affected by cancer drugs.”
“Doppler weather radar sends electromagnetic waves into clouds, and while you don't see individual rain droplets, you pick up the overall motion of the raindrops. What you create with this is a 3D map of cloud motion,” says David Nolte, distinguished professor of physics and astronomy at Purdue University.
“We're looking at the motion inside living tissue rather than rain droplets, and we're using infrared light instead of radar. It's like watching the weather inside living tissue as the tissue is affected by cancer drugs.”
Tiny chunks of tissue taken from a biopsy are placed in a multiwall plate, where various drugs are applied. Light from an LED shine into the middle of the tissue, and researchers look at the scattered light coming off.
In collaboration with John Turek, professor of basic medical sciences, and Mike Childress, associate professor of veterinary medicine, Nolte has built a library of data to associate various light patterns with the corresponding response of patients to treatment.
The findings, which appear in Biomedical Optics Express, report an 84 percent success rate predicting patient response to therapy in the group's first complete pre-clinical trial.
Researchers performed the study on 19 dogs previously diagnosed with B-cell lymphoma, which is molecularly and clinically similar to lymphoma in humans. The treatment of cancer in dogs is almost identical to treatment for humans, Nolte says. They have biopsies, go through chemotherapy, and come back for follow-ups.
The method for testing patient response to therapy, biodynamic digital holography, is currently in clinical trials in human ovarian, breast, and esophageal cancer. The trials are proceeding with similar levels of accuracy, Nolte says.
“This could revolutionize the way chemotherapy is selected for patients. Hundreds of thousands of patients per year are given standard treatments, while only 40 percent of them actually respond. Currently, there's no good way to personalize treatment because there's no evidence-based medicine that doctors can turn to. If our method works in human cancers, it means we can help doctors choose better therapies.”
Attempts to create strategies for predicting patient response to chemotherapy have been made in the past. These older methods broke up tumors into individual cells and re-grew them as 2-dimensional cell cultures. But this, destroyed the cellular environment in which a tumor exists, which contributes significantly to its response to treatment.
By preserving the cancer environment in living 3D biopsies, researchers are able to assess how cells respond to drugs in the relevant environment.
The National Science Foundation, the National Institutes of Health, and seed grants from the Purdue University Center for Cancer Research (PUCC) funded the work.
Nolte and Turek have financial interest in Animated Dynamics, which has licensed biodynamic technology from the Office of Technology Commercialization at Purdue.
Source: Purdue University
A mother-of-two was jailed today for three years for what a senior judge described as the “horrific” killing of pensioner Eddie Girvan in Co Antrim last year.
Margaret Henderson-McCarroll (31), formerly of Verner Street, Belfast, had previously pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of Mr Girvan at their Greenisland home on January 18, 2016.
Eddie Girvan
Passing sentence today at Belfast Crown Court, Mr Justice Treacy said the defendant would serve a further three years on licence as part of the determinent custodial sentence.
They said that they agreed with two consultant forensic psychologists that Henderson-McCarroll did not meet the dangerous provisions and that they did not pose a “significant risk of serious harm to the public in the future”.
The judge told the court: “This was an horrific crime and the deceased must have suffered terribly.”
The prosecution accepted their guilty plea to the manslaughter of the 67-year-old former plumber on the grounds of “diminished responsibilty”.
Them defence had argued that at the time of the killing Henderson-McCarroll was high on a cocktail of heroin and crystal drugs.
A defence QC had told a plea and sentence hearing in June this year that at the time of the manslaughter their life had descended into a “heroin hell” following the cot death of their infant daughter.
More to follow.
As if the 0-4 Browns didn't need more motivation to win this weekend, the Jets' social media team offered some up Friday. In the early afternoon, the official Jets Twitter account put up a post intended to troll Cleveland.
The post was a cartoon picture based on the Browns' alternative logo of a tenacious dog. In the Jets' post, the cartoon dog has a sad face, wearing both a post-surgical ‘cone of shame' and a collar with a Jets charm on it. Beneath the cartoon was a single word: “Sit.”
The Jets deleted the post about an hour later. According to the Associated Press, the post was re-tweeted 300 times in that hour.
Bowles couldn't have been happy with that. On Thursday they said that the Jets, at 2-2, have “nothing to brag about.”
The Demario Davis who came back, in trade from Cleveland, for a second stint with the Jets has been very good so far. The linebacker has taken well to calling the defensive signals and leads the Jets with 49 tackles.
Davis, who left the Jets after the 2015 season and signed a two-year deal with the Browns, was acquired in June for Calvin Pryor.
“He's meant a lot. He's been a vocal leader,” head coach Todd Bowles said. “His overall leadership and understanding of the game has helped out the younger guys a lot.”
Davis sees the difference in their play from the last time they were a Jet.
“Night and day — you turn on the tape you can see it,” they said. “I'm better in a lot of ways, as far as a personal standpoint and a player standpoint. I think if you look at it you can see it. … [In Cleveland] I grew as a person and I grew as a player. Being there I think everything kind of helped me be more prepared for this season right here.”
They aren't sure how they were going to feel going back to face the Browns on Sunday.
“I won't know until Sunday when I'm out there,” they said. “I'm tight with a lot of guys there. I'll see those guys after the game, shake their hands, show some love.”
Defensive lineman Kony Ealy again was unable to practice because of a shoulder injury and will not play Sunday. They said they had gone for X-rays and doesn't believe it will keep them out for a second game.
“It's something that's going to be ready to go next week,” they said. “I'm doing the things necessary and taking precautions that nothing is nicked up.”
RB Matt Forte (knee, toe) missed another day of practice and is out for Sunday's game, as are LB Josh Martin (ankle) and CB Darryl Roberts (hamstring). CB Juston Burris (foot) and DE Muhammad Wilkerson (shoulder) were limited and are listed as questionable. … Bowles said they have not decided whether WR Jalin Marshall, who was suspended the first four weeks, will be activated for the game.
— Additional reporting by Mark Cannizzaro
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 1:59 Trump calls out KKK, neo-Nazis in condemning Charlottesville violence Pause 2:02 Macon police officers take Bibb sheriff's oath in 2013 1:07 Police spokesperson gives details on suspected home invasion homicide 2:01 Jason Aldean performs "When They Say Baby" in Macon 2:01 Unidentified: Crash leads to grisly discovery 3:18 Putting a face to the skull 0:42 Bibb schools 'virtual desktops' explained 3:07 New company to invest $400 million, create 200 jobs 2:31 'The dogs are eating me,' woman says in pit bull attack 2:30 Aaron Davis on playing multiple positions in secondary Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email President Trump calls out the KKK, neo-Nazis and other hate groups in condemning Saturday's violence in Charlottesville. The White House
President Trump calls out the KKK, neo-Nazis and other hate groups in condemning Saturday's violence in Charlottesville. The White House
What do you get when you combine an acclaimed fighting game developer and one of the biggest anime franchises of all time?
The product is “Dragon Ball FighterZ,” the latest in a long lineage of fighting games set in the Dragon Ball universe, available now on Xbox One, PlayStation4 and Windows.
“Dragon Ball FighterZ” is a 2D 3v3 fighting game from developer Arc System Works, who are known for their work on series such as BlazBlue and Guilty Gear.
In the game, players assemble a squad of Dragon Ball's iconic characters and battle other fighters across the universe. The game features 24 playable characters, ranging from classics like Goku and Piccolo to newer additions such as Beerus and Hit.
Gameplay wise “Dragon Ball FighterZ” is the best Dragon Ball game yet. I grew up playing games like “Dragon Ball Z: Budokai,” but “Dragon Ball FighterZ” pretty easily outclasses the older games.
Mechanically speaking it is simple. Unlike other fighting games it doesn't feature a complex control scheme, and the game is easy to get a grasp on after a little practice.
The game also makes it easy to play every character from the beginning by giving them similar control schemes. For example, the way to summon the ultimate for every character is the same button combination. Each fighter does have things that make them unique, but on the whole you should be able to play most characters well after just a little use.
Despite being easy to grasp, the game is certainly hard to master. If you really want to excel with a certain fighter or team you will have to put the work in. You will have to practice combos, transitions and counters to truly become a premier fighter. But, once you put it all together the feeling of dominating opponents is truly rewarding.
The game offers multiple modes for the player to explore including: Practice, Arcade, Story and Multiplayer.
The Story mode is where fighting game novices should start. It will teach you the fundamentals of the game while progressing through an original Dragon Ball story. The story is split into three parts which have different perspectives on the story. The story is pretty nonsensical, but it does introduce a new character in Android 21. Android 21 is the main antagonist of the story, where they travel around consuming brave warriors by turning them into tasty treats to increase their power level. I like their design, they are kind of a female version of Buu, but their character is nothing really new for the series.
Besides that for me the story mode is mostly a disappointment. It is drawn out, boring and painfully easy. After the first story arc, I just started skipping the semi-cutscenes because things of note rarely happened. It may be one of the easiest games I have played however, and I am not that good at fighting games. During my 12-hour run through one of the story I only died once and it was at the final boss. Besides towards the end, the AI in the game is basically the equivalent of a training dummy, and it puts you to sleep. I wouldn't have finished it, but beating it is the only way to unlock Android 21 as a playable character. It does prepare you for jumping into the other modes, I just wish isn't such a drag.
The other major mode in “Dragon Ball FighterZ” is its multiplayer suite. Multiplayer is the foundation of modern fighting games and having strong matchmaking is essential to creating a community around the game. But unfortunately Dragon Ball Fighter Z fails in that regard.
Matchmaking in the game is a mess. I won't bore you with specifics, but it takes way too long to find matches. It's not unusual to wait for over five minutes to find an opponent online, and it has taken me as long as 30 minutes to find a match. What makes it even more annoying is a decent amount of the matches end in disconnects. Nothing is more frustrating than when you are dominating someone and then you don't get the win because it disconnects during your final combo. The game has even crashed multiple times on me during matches.
This poor of matchmaking is just not acceptable. Arc System Works needs to fix these matchmaking issues in order to let the game flourish and keep the community strong.
“Dragon Ball FighterZ” has the core of a great fighting game, but at this moment it is not. When you are actually fighting, the game is a blast, but the story is repetitive and painfully easy, and matchmaking, the core basis of a modern-day fighting game, is a mess. Unless you are a major Dragon Ball fan, I would stay away from this one for now. Within a few months hopefully these matchmaking issues will be ironed out, the game will be cheaper and there will be some quality downloadable content that will make it worth picking up.
A 2016 petition by right-to-die activists pushed the contentious and divisive issue of euthanasia onto the political agenda. It got more than 8,000 signatures — more than double the amount needed to force a parliamentary debate last year.
The petition said allowing euthanasia would be "a concrete expression of an individual's rights to autonomy, to religious freedom and freedom of conscience, which are rights enshrined in the Constitution." It added: "It is of the utmost importance to end pointless and useless suffering, imposed by the convictions of others."
In response, a petition by the Portuguese Federation for Life a few months later collected more than 14,000 signatures and told lawmakers that society and the state have a duty to protect human life.
Now, four left-leaning political parties — the governing center-left Socialist Party, the radical Left Bloc, the Green Party, and the People, Animals, Nature party — have tabled bills proposing euthanasia and doctor-assisted suicide. Inciting or assisting euthanasia is currently punishable by up to three years in prison.
The Socialist government's bill has the best chance of success, having the most lawmakers of the parties proposing legislation, though there is little difference between the four parties' proposals.
The Socialist bill covers patients who are "in a situation of extreme suffering, with an untreatable injury or a fatal and incurable disease." Two doctors, at least one of them a specialist in the relevant illness, and a psychiatrist must sign off on the request to die. The case then goes to a Verification and Evaluation Committee, which can approve or turn down the procedure.
The process is postponed if it is legally challenged, or if the patient loses consciousness, and doctors can refuse to perform the procedure on moral grounds. Oversight is provided by the General-Inspectorate for Health.
To discourage people from traveling to Portugal to end their lives, the bills all stipulate that patients must either be Portuguese citizens or legal residents.
If you can't win, change the rules. That's the Democratic Party's new playbook. Democrats are urging the US Supreme Court to redraw Wisconsin's electoral map, claiming Republican lawmakers drew it unfairly.
If the justices toss Wisconsin's map and dictate new rules for election mapmaking, it could turn winners into losers and vice versa in many states. Republicans have been on a winning streak and now control both legislative houses in 33 states, including Wisconsin. They rightly oppose this judicial interference. The justices will hear the case, Gill v. Whitford, on Oct. 3.
Democrats claim Wisconsin's election map puts them at a disadvantage by packing their voters into too few election districts, “wasting” their votes and allowing Republicans to win the majority of districts.
But the real problem isn't an unfair map. It's that Wisconsin Democrats are concentrated in cities. In many states, Democrats tend to win urban voters and do less well with suburban and rural voters. Wisconsin Democrats want the lines redrawn so their urban voters can capture a majority of the state's legislative seats — and they're asking the Supreme Court to help them.
It's a brazen political gambit disguised as fairness. They claim to be victims of gerrymandering — drawing election districts to favor one party. But they're not opposed to gerrymandering. They just want it to favor them.
They hope a Supreme Court victory will restore their political fortunes after the 2020 Census, when states have to redraw their electoral maps.
If Democrats prevail in court, the nation's political map could change significantly after the Census, with many statehouses flipped to Democratic control. That would likely mean higher state taxes, anti-fracking laws and job-killing regulations on business.
As for gerrymandering, it's been around for over 200 years and isn't limited to any party.
When James Madison ran for Congress in 1788, rival politicians, including their mortal enemy Patrick Henry, drew district lines to try to exclude Madison's supporters. Madison won anyway, but manipulating voting districts for partisan advantage was just getting started.
Massachusetts Gov. Elbridge Gerry, a signer of the Declaration of Independence and Constitutional Convention delegate, raised it to an art form in 1812, carving a bizarre district in their state that meandered around Boston like a salamander. A Boston newspaper caricatured it, adding claws, fangs and a tail, and called it a Gerry-mander.
That political monster has been with us ever since. It's one of the tools pols in both parties use — along with arcane ballot-access rules and the perks of incumbency — to rig elections and exclude competition.
At its worst, it deprives voters of any meaningful self-government. But this corrupt gerrymandering should be cleaned up by the voters — not the federal courts.
Is there a practical solution? Yes. Voters in 13 states have already set up independent or bipartisan commissions to draw district lines after each Census.
In 2014, New York state approved a constitutional amendment establishing a redistricting commission, but unfortunately it allows the Legislature to ultimately reject whatever map the commission proposes. Iowa's remedy is better, barring any consideration of partisan affiliation when lines are drawn.
But don't confuse that with what Wisconsin Democrats are trying to do. In Wisconsin, there are no salamander-shaped election districts. But Democrats want to rig the rules to increase the clout of urban voters, even if it requires drawing strangely shaped districts.
In the past the Supreme Court has refused to meddle in partisan gerrymandering cases. As Justice Antonin Scalia explained in a 2004 ruling, “political gerrymandering claims are nonjusticiable” — meaning strictly political matters. That's how the justices should rule again in the Wisconsin case. If Democrats want to return to power, they'll need to broaden their appeal and win over more of America's nonurban voters.
Betsy McCaughey is a senior fellow at the London Center for Policy Research.
Lindsey, a Bonsall resident, now hopes to find the firefighters who left them the note and saved their home from the flames.
A Bonsall resident is hoping to find the firefighters who left them a kind note, apologizing for breaking down their doors to save their home from the destructive Lilac Fire.
"SORRY ABOUT THE DOOR AND CEILING," the note read. "HAD TO GET IN THERE TO SAVE THE HOME."
The note is signed by San Diego Fire and includes a small "Good luck" written at the bottom.
Lindsey, a Bonsall resident, said they spent nearly three days wondering what happened to their home after the 4,100-acre ripped through North San Diego County.
When they finally got back, they were surprised to find their home intact - for the most part.
"Given the fact that the outside looked intact as we drove up, we weren't expecting to see our front and back doors kicked in and we definitely didn't anticipate what we saw upstairs," Lindsey wrote on Instagram.
But, they added, they were so grateful to the firefighters for saving their home.
"Although we have damage (like water damage and our bedroom ceiling being on the floor), we have our home!" they wrote.
Lindsey now hopes to find the firefighters who left them the note and saved their home from the flames.
If you know the firefighters, call NBC 7 at (619) 578-0201 or message us on Facebook.
VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA--(Marketwired - Feb. 14, 2017) - Tajiri Resources Corp. (the "Company") (TSX VENTURE:TAJ) reports that it will issue up to 4,000,000 stock options at a price of $0.20 per option to Management, Directors, Employees, and Consultants to the Company. All options will be issued under the Company's 10% rolling stock option plan as approved by shareholders at the March 09th, 2016 Annual General Meeting.
The Company also reports it has entered into an agreement with Paradox Capital Inc. (or "Paradox"), of Montreal, Quebec, to provide Investor Relations services for an initial six months (6) term. Under the agreement the Company will pay to Paradox CDN$6500/month, and issue up to 500,000 stock options. The options will vest quarterly over a 12 month period as per TSXV Regulations and will be priced at $0.20 (twenty). Paradox will help in the marketing of the Company and its projects to Retail, Institutional, and other members of the investment community. Either party can terminate the agreement at any time by providing thirty days written notice (30) to the other.
On Behalf of the Board, Tajiri Resources Corp.
Graham Keevil, President, CEO
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
This news release may contain forward-looking statements based on assumptions and judgments of management regarding future events or results. Such statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to revise or update such statements.
AMMAN - Syrian rebels said on Saturday they had brought down a Russian warplane in an area of northern Syria that has seen heavy air strikes, and two rebel sources said they had captured the pilot who was badly injured.
A rebel source said the Sukhoi plane was shot down over Khan al-Subl town near the city of Saraqeb, close to a major highway that has come under fierce air attack and attempts to advance on the ground by the Syrian army and Iranian-backed militias.
Two rebel sources said the pilot was badly injured after escaping the crash by parachute. A third rebel source said they were killed. There was no immediate comment from the Russian or Syrian armies.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Sonali Bendre Diagnosed With High-grade Cancer
Sonali further wrote, "A niggling pain led to some tests, which led to this unexpected diagnosis. My family and close friends have rallied around me, providing the best support system that anyone can ask for. I am very blessed and thankful for each of them."
The Actress Is Undergoing Treatment In New York.
"There is no better way to tackle this, than to take swift and immediate action. And so, as advised by my doctors, I am currently undergoing a course of treatment in New York. We remain optimistic and I am determined to fight every step of the way. What has helped has been the immense outpouring of love and support I've received over the past few days, for which I am very grateful. I'm taking this battle head on, knowing I have the strength of my family and friends behind me." - (sic)
TV Celebs Support Sonali Fight Against Cancer
Immediately after the actor broke the news, their fans and industry friends took to social media to wish the actor a speedy recovery. Television actors too, poured in wishes.
Shakti, Karan & Mandira
Shakti Arora: Our prayers are with u... u ll come out as a winner!! - (sic)
Karan Wahi: Have a speedy recovery. - (sic)
Mandira Bedi: God Bless. Beat it, hard and fast. And be well soon... - (sic)
Sophia, Mahi & Gauhar
Sophia Choudhary: Sending you all the love, strength, prayers in the world to fight this Sonali. God speed. - (sic)
Mahi Vij: We love you prayers prayers n just prayers. - (sic)
Gauhar Khan: Sending you all the positivity n love!!!! May you heal soon!! - (sic)
Ekta, Ayushman & KVB
Ekta Kapoor: You are going to b backkk! Ur in d duaaas of many! Get well sooon. - (sic)
Ayushman Khuranna: Prayers. Love. Wishes. - (sic)
Karanvir Bohra: Our prayers and blessings are with you..... praying for a speedy and health. - (sic)
Rucha & Gautami
Rucha Hasabnis: @iamsonalibendre Sending you all lots of love, positivity and healing energy. - (sic)
Gautami Kapoor: Sonali!!! You are a fighter. Love you... our prayers and thoughts with you. - (sic)
Javier Righetti sits in court during their capital murder trial on March 10, 2017. (FOX5)
A state court jury is considering an unusual question in the death penalty murder case of a Las Vegas man whose guilty plea to murder in the 2011 rape, torture and mutilation of a 15-year-old high school sophomore was rejected by the state Supreme Court.
Testimony resumes Monday in Las Vegas for jurors being asked to decide if Javier Righetti is guilty of capital murder in the gruesome killing of 15-year-old Alyssa Otremba.
Righetti's plea to the murder charge in February 2016 was rejected because Righetti didn't specifically admit the killing was willful, deliberate and premeditated.
Righetti was 19 at the time. He's 24 now.
Their court-appointed defense attorney, Christy Craig, says she's unable to present a defense to the jury because their client already pleaded guilty.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Also: Russian missile deployment criticized WASHINGTON – Russia has deployed a cruise missile in violation of a Cold War-era arms control treaty, a Trump administration official said Tuesday, a development that complicates the outlook for U.S.-Russia relations amid turmoil on the White House national security team. U.S. intelligence agencies have assessed that the missile became operational late last year, said an administration official, who wasn't authorized to publicly discuss the matter and demanded anonymity. The Obama administration three years ago accused the Russians of violating the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty by developing and testing the prohibited cruise missile, and officials had expected Moscow to eventually deploy it. Russia denies that it has violated the INF treaty, but Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., the Senate Armed Services Committee chairperson, said in a statement Tuesday that Russian President Vladimir Putin was “testing” Trump.
WASHINGTON – Just six days into their presidency, Donald Trump was informed their national security adviser had misled their vice president about contacts with Russia. Trump kept their No. 2 in the dark and waited nearly three weeks before ousting the aide, Michael Flynn, citing a slow but steady erosion of trust, White House officials said Tuesday.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI about their telephone conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., a sign their ties to Russia had caught the attention of law enforcement officials.
But in the White House's retelling of Flynn's stunning downfall, their error was not that they discussed U.S. sanctions with the Russian before the inauguration – a potential violation of a rarely enforced law – but the fact that they denied it for weeks, apparently misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other senior Trump aides about the nature of the conversations.
White House officials said they conducted a thorough review of Flynn's interactions, including transcripts of calls secretly recorded by U.S. intelligence officials, but found nothing illegal.
Pence, who had vouched for Flynn in a televised interview, is said to have been angry and deeply frustrated.
“The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable incidents is what led the president to ask General Flynn for their resignation,” White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Tuesday, one day after the president asked Flynn to leave.
Flynn, in an interview with The Daily Caller News Foundation, said Monday “there were no lines crossed” in their conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway had declared the president retained “full confidence” in Flynn just hours before the adviser had to submit their letter of resignation.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., said Tuesday it was “highly likely” that the events leading to Flynn's departure would be added to a broader probe into Russian meddling in the U.S. presidential election.
Later Tuesday, the New York Times reported that U.S. agencies had intercepted phone calls last year between Russian intelligence officials and members of Trump's 2016 campaign team. Current and former U.S. officials, who spoke to the Times anonymously, said they found no evidence that the Trump campaign was working with the Russians on hacking or other efforts to influence the election.
Trump initially thought Flynn could survive the controversy, according to a person with direct knowledge of the president's views, but a pair of explosive stories in the Washington Post in recent days made the situation untenable. As early as last week, they and aides began making contingency plans for Flynn's dismissal, a senior administration official said.
While the president was said to be upset with Flynn, they also expressed anger with other aides for “losing control” of the story and making their young administration look bad.
Pence spokesperson Marc Lotter said Pence became aware they had “incomplete information” from Flynn only after the first Washington Post report Thursday. Pence learned of the Justice Department warnings to the White House about the same time.
Ahead of the inauguration, Pence and other officials insisted publicly that Flynn had not discussed sanctions in their talks with Kislyak. On Jan. 26, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates contacted White House counsel Don McGahn to raise concerns about discrepancies between the public accounting and what intelligence officials knew about the contacts based on routine recordings of communications with foreign officials in the U.S.
The Justice Department warned the White House that the inconsistencies would leave the president's top national security aide vulnerable to blackmail from Russia, according to a person with knowledge of the discussion. The president was informed of the warnings the same day, Spicer said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI around the same time, according to a U.S. official was briefed on the investigation.
Vice Adm. Robert Harward, a former Navy SEAL, is seen as the top contender for the national security adviser job, though former CIA Director David Petraeus and retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, who has temporarily stepped into the role, are also under consideration.
When Kathy Lampi's mom died of cancer last June, they placed the velvet bag filled with their mom's ashes on a shelf in their china cabinet. Lampi thought that was a fitting place for their mom to rest until they could plan a proper burial.
Then in October the Northern California fires reduced Lampi's two-story house in Santa Rosa to six inches of rubble. Them mom's ashes were now mixed in with the ashes of their sofa and front door.
"I thought, 'Well, geez, I better get somebody out here to try and find her,' " Lampi said when they thought of the Army Corps of Engineers coming to clear the wreckage from their lot. "I didn't want them to go to a landfill."
Enter the archaeologists and forensic search dogs. Alex DeGeorgey and Mike Newland, both archaeology consultants in the Northern San Francisco Bay, joined forces with Echo, an English Labrador, and Annie, a Belgian Malinois, from the Institute for Canine Forensics, to look for lost urns and human cremains in the wildfire wreckage.
"We start imprinting them at a very young age and introducing that target odor," said Kris Black, Annie's trainer. "I feed them when they find what their target source is."
In this case, human bone.
The typical jobs for dogs from the institute have been on Native American tribal lands, looking for lost burial sites. They've been on special missions looking for the remains of Amelia Earhart and members of the Donner Party. This fall is the first time these kinds of dogs have been used to recover human ashes from wildfire disaster sites.
The dogs are brought into each wreckage site one at a time. At the remains of Kathy Lampi's home, Echo, the English Labrador, went first. They sniffed around, their nose gliding over the ground with the speed and grace of an ice skater. When they found what they were looking for, they lay down next to it.
"There's my alert," said Karen Atkinson, Echo's handler, as Echo rested by the remaining bricks of the front stairway. "So she's telling me she's made them decision."
Echo went back to the truck, and Annie, the Belgian Malinois, did the search again from scratch, to try and guard against false positives. They lay down in the same spot Echo picked.
Once the dogs have narrowed down the site, the archeologists zero in. DeGeorgey and Newland zipped up their full-body Tyvex suits, grabbed their trowels and started digging.
"We're looking for a pocket of ash that's homogenous," DeGeorgey said through a protective face mask. "It's usually kind of a reddish brown."
Sometimes, they find it. A discrete pile of red ash, with bits of bone or teeth in it. But 10 minutes in, DeGeorgey sighed. They said this is one of the hardest recoveries they've worked on.
"The deal here is, we're trying to find ashes within ashes," they said. "It's not always that definitive."
So far, the archeologist-canine teams have recovered nearly 50 sets of ashes from the wreckage of the Wine Country fires. But their efforts are all volunteer and they've been limited to working on the weekends. DeGeorgey thinks there are hundreds, maybe thousands more.
"I'm sure the scale of this issue is really an epidemic," DeGeorgey said. "There are hundreds, if not thousands, of cremains in these burnt-out homes that are ending up in toxic waste sites."
The process they've developed to identify cremains is new and not part of the cleanup protocol for FEMA or the Army Corps of Engineers. DeGeorgey said it should be. They want these services to be available to victims of the wildfires in Ventura and San Diego counties, and any future fire, hurricane or earthquake.
DeGeorgey said when a disaster happens and people start filling out paperwork associated with insurance claims, one question should be: Did you have human remains in the house? If yes, they said it should trigger the cremains search process.
On site, DeGeorgey noticed Newland sweeping a lighter pocket of ash from Kathy Lampi's stairway into a dustpan.
"What Michael's showing us looks pretty good," DeGeorgey said.
"A lot of it's almost a texture thing," Newland said, rubbing some ash between their fingers. "You can see how finely powdered this is."
DeGeorgey scooped the ash into a gallon-size Ziploc bag. Annie came out for one last sniff around the site and immediately plopped down next to the bag. Kathy and their family cheered.
"You're hired!" DeGeorgey joked, then walked the bag over to Lampi.
"Here's your mom," they said.
"Thank you very much," Lampi said. "There they are. Wow."
Lampi tucked the Ziploc bag under their arm.
"It's nice to know that she's been found, and now we can do the right burial for her," they said. "I think everybody in the family wants to be able to go where they are and be with her."
The Regional Transportation Commission is hosting a career fair as a part of National Infrastructure Week to recruit and educate attendees on what it takes to launch a career in the transit, construction, engineering and design industries, according to a media release.
Dubbed 'Careers in Motion,' the event will take place May 16 at the Texas Station hotel-casino located at 2101 Texas Star Lane from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Industry professionals are providing attendees with information on training, education and the requirements needed to enter transportation and construction-related fields.
RTC is offering a free 24-hour bus pass to attendees who lack transportation to the event. The pass can be accessed by downloading the RideRTC app on Apple or Android, then send an email with the request to rideRTC@rtcsnv.com. The email should mention the career fair and the pass will be made available through the app.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
MONTREAL, QUEBEC--(Marketwired - Oct. 6, 2017) - Even though Welcome Hall Mission serves over 227,320 meals every year, it is always the Thanksgiving dinner with the Alouettes that strikes a special chord with the 350 homeless men served by the organization. Again this year, the players will trade their football uniforms for aprons and personally serve meals to Montreal's less fortunate. For many of these men, sharing a meal at Welcome Hall Mission will be the beginning of a new life as they start their transition back into the community.
WHEN: October 9, from 7 to 7:30 PM WHAT: Thanksgiving dinner served by the Alouettes players WHO: - Jean-Michel Paquette, Director of the Men's Mission at Welcome Hall Mission - Sam Watts, CEO of Welcome Hall Mission - Alouettes players : Samuel Giguère #35, Kyries Hebert #34, Nicolas Boulay #52, and Seydou Haidara #80, - Anthony Calvillo, Quarterbacks coach, Montreal Alouettes - Catherine Raiche, Assistant General Manager of Football Operations, Montreal Alouettes - Lorenzo Dellaforesta, Chaplain, Montreal Alouettes - Live music by Marc Mondelus WHERE: 1490 St-Antoine Street West in Montreal
To watch Sam Giguère touching testimonial on Welcome Hall Mission, visit: youtube.com/watch?v=U74M64b4YG0
About Welcome Hall Mission
Established in 1892, Welcome Hall Mission has become the largest doorway to help for Montrealers in need. Many programs are available to support the homeless, young single mothers, families, children and youth. Welcome Hall Mission gives them hope through concrete actions and effective solutions to help them improve their lives and reintegrate into society.
To follow Welcome Hall Mission:
Web site: welcomehallmission.com
Facebook: facebook.com/MissionBonAccueil
YouTube: youtube.com/user/whmba
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/company/2528106?trk=tyah
Twitter: twitter.com/whmba
#SeasonOfGiving
A quaint village situated on a quiet stretch of coastline is one of the less known attractions in the Kouga region.
Home to less than a 1000 people, Oyster Bay is accessible via a gravel road that is not always that easy to negotiate.
It is wide expansive beaches are worthy reward for the intrepid traveller.
St Francis Bay photographer Clive Wright took this photo of Oyster Bay at night.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
More
Google
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Tumblr
VAL-D'OR, QUEBEC--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) -
THIS PRESS RELEASE IS NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO U.S. NEWS AGENCIES
Golden Valley Mines Ltd. ("Golden Valley") (TSX VENTURE:GZZ) and Nunavik Nickel Mines Ltd. ("Nunavik Nickel") (TSX VENTURE:KZZ) are pleased to announce that they have entered into a Mining Option Agreement (the "Option Agreement") made as of April 18, 2017, pursuant to which Golden Valley has granted to Nunavik Nickel an option to acquire a 100% interest in 61 of its grassroots properties (the "Properties").
Pursuant to the terms of the Option Agreement, Nunavik Nickel must incur $4,000,000 of expenditures with respect to exploration and other mining operations on the Properties before December 31, 2021 (with $500,000 to be incurred on or before December 31, 2018; $750,000 to be incurred on or before December 31, 2019; $1,000,000 to be incurred on or before December 31, 2020 and $1,750,000 to be incurred on or before December 31, 2021).
As consideration for the option, Nunavik Nickel will issue 16,666,668 common shares to Golden Valley at a deemed price of $0.12 per share for an aggregate deemed value of $2,000,000 (issuable as to 25% on or before each of December 31, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021). In addition, Nunavik Nickel has granted Golden Valley a royalty equal to 1.25% of the net smelter returns from the Properties on the terms set out in the Option Agreement. 1% of the royalty may be bought back by Nunavik Nickel by paying Golden Valley $5,000,000 at Nunavik Nickel's option, in cash or shares at a deemed price per share equal to the market price of Nunavik Nickel's shares at the time of such election.
If Nunavik Nickel has issued the shares and incurred the expenditures provided for in the Option Agreement, it may exercise the option on or before December 31, 2021.
Golden Valley will retain 17 of its currently held properties (in whole or in part pursuant to its interests in the various joint venture agreements it has entered into with third parties) and will continue to meet the listing requirements to be a Tier 2 mining issuer on the TSX Venture Exchange.
The transactions contemplated by the Option Agreement are subject to acceptance by the TSX Venture Exchange.
The transactions contemplated by Option Agreement will result in related party considerations pursuant to TSX Venture Exchange Policy 5.9 and Multilateral Instrument 61-101 - Protection of Minority Security Holders in Special Transactions ("MI 61-101"). Both Golden Valley and Nunavik Nickel intend to rely on the exemption from the formal valuation requirement contained in section 5.5(b) of MI 61-101 as no securities of either Golden Valley or Nunavik Nickel are listed or quoted on specified markets. As both Golden Valley and Nunavik Nickel propose obtaining approval from a majority of their respective minority shareholders for the transactions contemplated by the Option Agreement, reliance on an exemption from the minority shareholder approval requirement of MI 61-101 will not be required.
Forward Looking Statements:
This news release contains certain statements that may be deemed "forward-looking statements. Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and are generally, but not always, identified by the words "expects", "plans", "anticipates", "believes", "intends", "estimates", "projects", "potential" and similar expressions, or that events or conditions "will", "would", "may", "could" or "should" occur. Although Golden Valley and Nunavik Nickel believe the expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results or realities may differ materially from those in forward looking statements. Forward looking statements are based on the beliefs, estimates and opinions of management on the date the statements are made. Except as required by law, Golden Valley and Nunavik Nickel undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the event that respective management's beliefs, estimates or opinions, or other factors, should change.
Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this news release.
THIS PRESS RELEASE, REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE CANADIAN LAWS, IS NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO U.S. NEWS SERVICES OR FOR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES, AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO SELL OR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO SELL ANY OF THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN IN THE UNITED STATES. THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO U.S. PERSONS UNLESS REGISTERED OR EXEMPT THEREFROM.
New Amazon series was too sad for 'This Is Us' network NBC “The Dangerous Book for Boys” is set in Akron, Ohio — but its foundation was built in New Mexico during the run of “Breaking Bad,” shot in Albuquerque with star...
An inside look at how many people are actually watching Prime Video Amazon Prime Video has grown into a formidable force in the US, according to a report on Thursday. Amazon had 26 million subscribers across the country at the end of...
'Sneaky Pete' walks into their own trap in Season 2 Con man Marius Josipovic (Giovanni Ribisi) is on a different quest in Season 2 of Amazon's “Sneaky Pete” — and they haven't changed their larcenous ways. “It's an evolution in...
TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Victoria Gold Corp. (TSX VENTURE: VIT) "Victoria" or the "Company" is pleased to announce that Anthony (Tony) George has been named Vice President, Project Execution. Mr. George has been involved in several successful mine builds, having managed the development of Lucara Diamond Corp's Karowe Mine and De Beers' Victor Mine. Most recently, Mr. George was Vice President - Project Development at Lundin Gold, responsible for all aspects of the feasibility study for the advancement and development of the Fruta del Norte project.
"I am delighted to have someone of Tony's caliber join Victoria's management team," said John McConnell, President & CEO. "We were colleagues at De Beers and I very much look forward to working with Tony again."
About the Dublin Gulch Property
Victoria Gold's 100%-owned Dublin Gulch gold property is situated in the central Yukon Territory, Canada, approximately 375 kilometers north of the capital city of Whitehorse, and approximately 85 kilometers from the town of Mayo. The Property is accessible by road year-round, and is located within Yukon Energy's electrical grid. The Company has constructed and maintains a 100 person all-season camp at the project site.
The Property covers an area of approximately 555 square kilometers, and is the site of the Company's Eagle Gold Deposit. The Eagle Gold Mine is expected to be Yukon's next operating gold mine and, between the Eagle and Olive deposits, include Proven and Probable Reserves of 2.7 million ounces of gold from 123 million tonnes of ore with a grade of 0.67 grams of gold per tonne, as outlined in a National Instrument 43-101 feasibility study. The NI 43-101 Mineral Resource for the Eagle and Olive deposits has been estimated to host 191 million tonnes averaging 0.65 grams of gold per tonne, containing 4.0 million ounces of gold in the "Measured and Indicated" category, inclusive of Proven and Probable Reserves, and a further 24 million tonnes averaging 0.61 grams of gold per tonne, containing 0.5 million ounces of gold in the "Inferred" category.
Qualified Person
The technical content of this news release has been reviewed and approved by Paul D. Gray, P.Geo., as the Qualified Person.
Cautionary Language and Forward-Looking Statements
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange, nor its Regulation Services Provider accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. This press release includes certain statements that may be deemed "forward-looking statements". All statements in this discussion, other than statements of historical facts, that address future exploration drilling, exploration activities, anticipated metal production, internal rate of return, estimated ore grades, commencement of production estimates and projected exploration and capital expenditures (including costs and other estimates upon which such projections are based) and events or developments that the Company expects, are forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes the expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results or developments may differ materially from those in forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements include metal prices, exploration successes, continued availability of capital and financing, and general economic, market or business conditions. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
Kano Governor And The Burden of Almajiri Syndrome -By Rahaman Onike
The recently held Kaduna State Economic and Investment Summit not only refreshes our memory of evils of almajiri phenomenon in the north, it renews the perennial call for a more collective action. Without being immodest, virtually all the states in the north are already being afflicted by the menace. This has always been a major cause of worry for the northern hegemony since independence.A lot of kids in the school going ages are often out of school moving aimlessly round both rural and urban communities in search of food to eat on daily basis. They are largely victims of poor parenting, parental bereavement, parental neglect and abandonment.
Governor Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano state seems to be definitive when they admitted that almajiri syndrome is making the north to be depleted of needed manpower for the regional growth and development. Beyond expression of antipathy against the notoriety of the menacing practice are inherent dangers of this shameful tradition which has become a burden on our collective psyche as a people.
In Kano state alone, Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje gave an official figure that there are about three million out of school children roaming the streets of the state as almajiri-pupils of Quranic schools forced by poverty and parental deprivation into begging.
As a way to show a strong exception to intractable prevalence of the phenomenon in Kano state, Governor Ganduje alleged that most almajiri kids were not only from neighbouring states but were immigrants from some countries in west African. If truly these parasitic kids are from countries such as Niger Republic, Chad, Northern Cameroun and some parts of North-west, it makes the entire nation to become worried sick.
The incubus of the ignominious practice in the north had earlier been condemned by Emir Sanusi Lamido.
Obviously, Ganduje's advocacy on the almajiri syndrome corroborates the earlier claim by Emir of Kano that the northern leaders have largely abandoned their responsibilities over their citizens. I sincerely share Sanusi's sentiment on the premise that the north is perpetually facing the challenge of denial of realities of the under-development of the region.
Given the socio-economic implications of the menace on the development of the north, the idea of evolving a common synergy by the affected states sounds plausible under the prevailing circumstance. If what will payoff is to discard the practice, the affected States in the north should rather consider the option.
Also, the idea of introducing common legislation and making the various existing institutions across the northern states become functional and effective as suggested by Governor Ganduje deserves a serious attention.
It is equally important to have an Integration Commission which would look into the development capacity of the existing institutions viz-a-viz the available resources, relevance and competence in halting the challenges of rising tide of almajiri phenomenon in the north.
Apart from policy framework and implementation strategies, it is desirous to achieve synergy in handling the challenge posed by almajiri's mess up otherwise the future will be bleak. Again, each of the affected states needs value-re-orientation of both parents and wards on the need to imbibe new attitude and to accept the ideals of schooling as a matter of imperative.
Above all, the sophistry that almajiri's way of life will reduce hunger and malnutrition in the north is nothing but a ruse. If the proposed synergy is achieved by the northern governors, it will however give a hope of a more prosperous future for the north.
Rahaman Onike
Writes from Oyo.  They are a public administrator, freelance writer and author
Comments
comments
An African proverb says ‘only the stubborn fly follows the corpse to the grave', but it seems this proverb hasn't gotten to the ears of the North Korean government as North Korea's representative at the United Nations, Kim In Ryong, unleashed torrents of threats towards the United States, claiming it was only a matter of time before a nuclear war occurred between both countries. At the
HOUSTON — David Price bolted out of the visiting clubhouse at Minute Maid Park on Friday before the media was allowed in and even before the equipment was being shuttled out for the trip back to Boston.
Price was in no mood to talk after the Red Sox were bounced 8-2 in Game 2 of the ALDS by the Astros, the same score as in their Game 1 loss.
The way the Red Sox are playing, that equipment can head straight to Florida. One more loss and their season is over. Those Red Sox who stayed to face the media music were pretty much shell-shocked over what has happened the first two games. Game 3 is Sunday at Fenway Park, and now the Red Sox are looking at having to win three straight against the Astros.
Once again, the Red Sox's starting pitching was terrible.
Lefty Drew Pomeranz made it through only two innings, allowing four runs on five hits, two of them home runs. They followed Chris Sale's abysmal performance in Game 1, in which the lefty surrendered nine hits, seven runs and three home runs. So the Red Sox have gotten just seven innings out of their starters the first two games, and they have allowed 11 runs. The two lefties were rocked. On Friday, Houston's Carlos Correa started the onslaught with a two-run home run in the first.
“Honestly I think I just made one bad pitch in the beginning, the pitch to Correa,” Pomeranz said. “They hit some pretty good pitches. They've had a good lineup all year. You have to make pitches.”
Price was effective in their 2 ²/₃ innings of relief and came in to get out of a bases-loaded, one-out jam, but that is the kind of effort the Red Sox could use from a starter. Price has been placed in the bullpen because they are on a 40-pitch limit after coming back from the disabled list in mid-September after left elbow problems.
John Farrell was asked if they would consider having Price make a short start. Doug Fister is going in the win-or-go-home game Sunday at Fenway Park.
“It wouldn't be on Sunday,” Farrell said. “I think that what we're seeing is 40 pitches is about the comfort zone, which he's been built out at. He's throwing the ball very well. They come in with their back against the wall in a key spot, gets two big outs to end the threat, he's throwing the ball very, very well.Cutter to both sides of the plate, has shown a feel for a changeup, full assortment of pitches that they typically have. He's done a very good job.”
Price is about the only Boston pitcher to have success against the Astros.
Farrell heaped praise on the Astros hitters.
“The one thing that they have done, they have not missed when we missed in terms of pitch location,” they said. “They're very good, they're deep, and they have got a number of ways to beat you. So we fully respect and understood the opponent, and they're playing like that.”
The Red Sox, meanwhile, are playing like a team ready to go home quickly.
A flash flood watch is in effect for Harris County and surrounding areas until 4 p.m. due to a heavy rain threat Tuesday, the National Weather Service says.
A flash flood watch is in effect for Harris County and surrounding areas until 4 p.m. due to a heavy rain threat Tuesday, the National Weather Service says.
The NWS says the area of concern is mainly along and south of Interstate 10 and reported that Brazoria and Galveston counties received the most rains overnight.
An additional two to three inches of rain is expected with isolated totals from four to six inches possible in the Flash Flood Watch area, according to the NWS.
News 88.7 has confirmed reports of rain-inundated homes in the Danbury area, which the NWS says has received up to nine inches of rain. The Danbury Independent School District has canceled classes for the day.
Residents are advised to stay up-to-date with changing conditions.
You can get the latest weather information by visiting weather.gov/houston.
Time to stop hedging and hesitating. Time to stop acting as if you need a little more evidence or maybe another ring. Fifteen seasons in, you can finally say it without feeling the old guilt of blasphemy (as long as you are willing to endure the perfunctory and incredulous outcry from in and around Chicago).
LeBron James is the greatest ever.
No asterisk required. No yeah-buts, no maybe-someday.
Right now and until some slightly beyond-human mutant who's even better comes along.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The. Greatest. Ever.
Not since James Naismith first hung a peach basket in 1891 has anyone touched a basketball who proved to be a better all-round player than LeBron, the kid who was introduced to us at age 19 as "The Chosen One" and somehow managed to exceed expectations.
The Golden State Warriors' Kevin Durant and Steph Curry are not James' equal, even though they may well combine to defeat James and their outmanned Cleveland Cavaliers in the NBA Finals beginning Thursday night.
And, no, not even Michael Jordan was, at least by my eye and reckoning, although parsing LeBron vs. Michael rather than simply celebrating the other-worldly majesty of both is like arguing Beethoven or Mozart while the symphony plays. (I guess Kobe would be Bach in my scenario?)
Call Jordan the greater champion, fine. Call them more iconic, a better pure scorer. OK. The more artful acrobat. Sure, whatever. But for me the bigger, more physically dominant James is a more complete player as mirrored by more average rebounds and assists than Jordan, and also a better career shooting percentage. Again, it isn't any knock on Jordan, whose place in history can never be diminished.
I just find silly the idea that Jordan is unassailable, or that the ring count must forever be where all sports arguments start and end. Greatest ever is an individual designation.
LeBron at 33 is better than ever. Not as good. Better. The latest indication is that they could carry this Cavaliers team — not special in the least beyond their own brilliance — to the Finals.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James says that they and Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade "don't brag about what we do to each other." Charles Trainor Jrctrainor@miamiherald.com
Cleveland is the biggest Finals betting underdog in 16 years, including a 12-point 'dog in Game 1. A 24-person ESPN "experts panel" predicted the series, and all 24 picked Golden State, with only two seeing it going the full seven games. The Cavs' scant upset chances might rely on a couple of injury wild cards. If Kevin Love (concussion) returns for Cleveland and Andre Iguodala (knee) remains out for Golden State, the Cavs' odds would rise slightly.
Let us not kid ourselves, though. Cleveland's only real hope is if No. 23 takes over, as they are so prone to do when counted out — the one best hope for a lengthy series.
It would feather their legacy to lead one of the biggest upsets in Finals history, unquestionably, but my point is their legacy is formed. LeBron should be done needing to prove themselves to anybody.
James' place on the top tier of basketball history is secure in a way that Golden State's place, as a team, is not. Not quite yet. "Dynasty" is a word too frivolously used. But three titles in four years (if they get this one) at least would enter the Warriors into the conversation.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Miami Heat's Dwyane Wade talks about when it's the right time to shift the focus on the playoffs and LeBron James' durability helping them break Michael Jordan's record for consecutive games scoring in double digits. Andre Fernandeza1fernandez@miamiherald.com
This era's greatest individual player and greatest team are just part of what makes what we're about to witness feel like history.
These Final represents an all-time first — the first time any two teams have met four years in a row for the league championship in any of America's Big Four team sports.
The rarity is underlined by the fact the only three instances of three straight are beyond the memory of most of us and the stuff of history books:
▪ In 1954-56 the NHL's Montreal Canadiens and Detroit Red Wings met in three consecutive Stanley Cup Finals, Detroit winning the first two. Those were Gordie Howe's Red Wings and the Canadiens of Maurice "Rocket" Richard.
▪ In 1952-54 the Detroit Lions and Cleveland Browns met in three straight NFL Championship Games, the Lions winning the first two. The quarterback duel was Bobby Layne versus. Otto Graham.
▪ And in 1921-23 the New York Yankees and New York Giants played in three consecutive World Series, the Giants winning the first two, led by a slugger named High Pockets Kelly. The Yankees? Oh they had some dude named Babe Ruth.
And that was it. The only other times that two teams met for the championship three straight years until Golden State-Cleveland came along to equal that achievement and now to surpass it.
It will take a near-miracle for LeBron James to raise a championship trophy for the fourth time.
But that is a miracle on which their legacy does not depend.
WASHINGTON — A lawyer who has suggested that FBI officials were part of a “brazen plot” to exonerate Hillary Clinton and frame Donald Trump has been added to the president's legal team.
Joseph diGenova, a former United States attorney in the District of Columbia and a frequent television commentator, will join the team at a sensitive moment as Trump's lawyers weigh whether to make the president available for an interview with special counsel Robert Mueller and under what terms. As part of those ongoing discussions, the Trump legal team has provided Mueller's team with written summaries of how they view certain key episodes being investigated, according to a person familiar with the matter.
They will work alongside attorneys John Dowd and Jay Sekulow, who said in a statement Monday that they were confident that diGenova will “be a great asset in our representation of the president.” Mueller is investigating potential co-ordination between Russia and the Trump campaign and possible obstruction of justice by the president.
DiGenova, who will start later this week, declined to comment to The Associated Press on Monday.
Though the White House and Trump legal team has spoken publicly of its co-operative relationship with Mueller's office, that rapport appeared frayed over the weekend when Dowd said that Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein — who appointed Mueller and oversees their work — should “bring an end” to the investigation.
Dowd said they were speaking for just himself, but their emailed statement appeared to reflect the frustration of the president, who lashed out at the investigation in a series of weekend tweets, including one in which they mentioned Mueller by name.
Trump has publicly said they want to speak with Mueller's team, but their lawyers have not committed to that and are continuing to negotiate about an interview. The person familiar with the matter, who insisted on anonymity to discuss the ongoing investigation with The Associated Press, said the Trump legal team has provided written summaries of what they believe the evidence shows on certain matters.
Among the events being examined by Mueller's prosecutors are the firing last year of FBI Director James Comey and the ouster of former White House national security adviser Michael Flynn.
The Washington Post, which first reported on the documents, said they were drawn up and produced in an effort to curtail the scope of questioning.
As Mueller seeks an interview with the president, the addition of diGenova could signal a more combative stance, if past comments are any indication.
In a January interview on Fox News, for instance, they said that anti-Trump text messages exchanged between two FBI officials who were once on Mueller's team reflect a “brazen plot to illegally exonerate Hillary Clinton, and if they didn't win the election, to then frame Donald Trump with a falsely created crime.
“Everything that we have seen from these texts, and from all of the facts developing, shows that the FBI and senior (Justice Department) officials conspired to violate the law and to deny Donald Trump their civil rights,” they added.
The addition of diGenova was first reported by The New York Times.
——
Associated Press writer Chad Day contributed to this report.
What is your favorite colo?
Thank you for voting.
You have already voted on this poll !
Please select an option !
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- The new year is here and many have opted to begin eating healthier than part of the New Year's Resolutions. On Monday, Jan. 2, Chef Matt Chatfield visited FOX 4 to share how to make a few 'Naughty and Nice' breakfast recipes to get you going in 2017. Watch the video above for Matt's tricks of the trade to ensure your recipes, whether they are naughty or nice, are delicious.
NAUGHTY: Artisanal French Toast Steaks
Ingredients:
1 cup half-and-half
3 each large eggs
2 tablespoons honey, warmed in microwave for 10 seconds
1/4 teaspoon kosher salt
8 (3/4-inch) slices really good day-old French loaf
8 tablespoons butter
Directions:
In medium size mixing bowl, whisk together the half-and-half, eggs, honey, and salt. You may do this ahead of time if you like. When ready to cook, pour custard mixture into a shallow dish and set aside.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Dip the bread into the custard mixture, allow soaking for 30 seconds on each side.
Over medium-low heat, melt 2 tablespoons of butter in a 10-inch nonstick saute pan. Place 2 slices of bread at a time into the pan and cook until golden brown, approximately 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove from pan and place on rack in oven for 5 minutes. Repeat with all 8 slices. Serve immediately with real maple syrup, whipped cream, or fruit compote.
NICE: Baja Egg White Omelet
Ingredients:
• 2-3 tablespoons olive oil
• 1 small jalapeno, thinly sliced and seeded (if desired
• 1/2 cup diced red onion
• 1 clove garlic, minced
• 1 cup grape or cherry tomatoes, halved
• salt and pepper to taste
• 6 egg whites, whisked
• half an avocado, peeled, pitted and diced
• ¼ cup chopped fresh cilantro
• ¼ cup crumbled cotija or queso fresco cheese
Directions:
Heat oil in a medium saute pan over medium-high heat. Add jalapeno and onion and saute for 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the garlic and tomato and continue sauteing for 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Season to taste with a pinch of salt and pepper. Then transfer the mixture to a separate plate.
Return pan to the stove, and reduce heat to medium. Add the whisked egg whites and cook for 2-3 minutes until the eggs are set and the bottom of the egg is golden. Remove from heat. Add the onion mixture, diced avocado, cilantro and cheese to the egg white, and fold over to form the omelet. Serve warm, garnished with extra cilantro and cheese if desired.
NICE: Avocado Mixed Berry Smoothie
Ingredients:
1 each Avocado From Mexico halved, pitted & peeled
2 cups frozen mixed berries not thawed
2 cups cranberry juice beverage or 100% juice
Directions:
In blender jar or smoothie machine, combine avocado, frozen berries and juice; whirl until smooth. Add a little water to adjust consistency if desired. Avocado makes this a very smooth and creamy texture while adding a healthy alternative to milk products.
Sign up to receive a weekly email from FOX 4 with the recipes we featured on our FOX 4 newscasts.
Click here to add your name to the list.
http://fox4kc.com/sign-up-for-email-alerts/
Renowned chef, restaurateur and cookbook author Mario Batali has stepped away from the day-to-day operations of their business after four women came forward alleging that they sexually harassed them in a pattern of behavior spanning at least two decades, food website Eater reported Monday.
Batali, an early Food Network star with their show “Molto Mario,” said they were taking time away from a business that includes restaurants, Italian food markets and an educational foundation in a statement to the website. Walt Disney Co.–owned ABC DIS, +2.49% , where Batali has co-hosted a daytime show since 2011, said it has also asked them to step away from the show while it conducts a review of allegations that recently came to its attention.
Batali did not deny the allegations but said that they “match up” with ways in which they behaved.
“I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt. Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted. That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family,” they said.
Batali owns a number of restaurant and retail locations, alone or with longtime partner Joe Bastianich, in cities stretching from New York and New Haven, Conn., to Chicago, Las Vegas and Los Angeles — with an overseas presence in Singapore — according to their website.
Read also: Netflix can shake off Kevin Spacey scandal — and ‘Stranger Things' will help
Don't miss: John Oliver confronts Dustin Hoffman over sexual-harassment allegations at public event
Batali was reprimanded for inappropriate behavior as recently as two months ago, according to Eater, which cited a spokesperson for the restaurant-management service entity Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group. It was the first formal complaint against Batali, who was ordered to undergo training, the spokesperson is reported to have said.
The women alleging harassment said Batali touched them inappropriately, grabbed them from behind, touched their breasts and frequently made crude sexual comments.
See: Could recent sexual-harassment cases change office design?
Bastianich reporrtedly told Eater: “Right now, I'm just focused on ensuring that our more than 1,000 employees continue to have a safe and positive work environment.”
The Center for American Progress recently analyzed data on sexual-harassment charges in the private sector filed with the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission over the past decade and found the worst offenders work in the food-service and retail industries.
See: These industries have the most reported instances of sexual harassment
Other chefs said they were not surprised by the Batali news, which comes in the midst of an outpouring of stories of harassment and abuse suffered by women — as well as men — in the worlds of entertainment, technology, the media, politics and beyond.
The topic has gained steam ever since the New York Times and the New Yorker magazine broke stories of decades of abuse of women, including alleged rape, by producer Harvey Weinstein. Social media, using the hashtag #MeToo, have helped propel the movement to at least 85 countries, where women are revealing for the first time the many instances in which they face sexual harassment or coercion in their daily lives.
Last week, Time magazine named “The Silence Breakers” its 2017 person of the year, referring to the many individuals who have helped expose the prevalence of sexual misconduct across the globe.
See: Time magazine names ‘The Silence Breakers' 2017 person of the year
It's Batali. And it's bad . — Anthony Bourdain (@Bourdain) December 11, 2017
I heard twitterings that a major celebrity chef was being named in the sexual harassment scandal. According to MSNBC moments ago... its Mario Batali — Amber Pittman (@AmberPi27279512) December 11, 2017
Tom Colicchio Says ‘No One Should Be Surprised' About Mario Batali Sexual-Harassment Allegations https://t.co/Jo83lFUWfd pic.twitter.com/PHM0TKA4Cj — Movies World (@MoviesWrld) December 11, 2017
The S&P 500 SPX, +0.32% and the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.23% were up 0.2% Monday.
HIGHLIGHTS + REPORT: Liverpool v Roma
Jurgen Klopp's side looked to be cruising into the final after racing into a 5-0 lead at Anfield inside 68 minutes, with Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino netting twice and Sadio Mane also on the scoresheet.
But Roma gave itself hope ahead of the return fixture, with Edin Dzeko's strike and a Diego Perotti penalty, both of which came in the final nine minutes, ensuring the match ended at 5-2.
The result means Eusebio Di Francesco's side will reach the final if it can repeat the performance against Barça in the quarter-final second leg, when it overturned a 4-1 first-leg loss with a 3-0 victory in the return.
Roma also has yet to concede a goal at home in the UEFA Champions League all season.
If @ASRomaEN stages another wild comeback at home next week, can @LFC score at Stadio Olimpico? No other side has in the #UCL this season 😳 | Watch LIVE on beIN 1 and CONNECT ▶️ https://t.co/l9azP4bkyj #LIVROM pic.twitter.com/YeRdCFERZJ — beIN SPORTS (@beINSPORTS_AUS) April 24, 2018
Henderson, despite their confidence in Liverpool's attack, admits the Reds must learn from Barcelona's mistakes if they are to avoid a similar fate.
"I felt as though we were in full control and we basically gave them two goals," they said. "You can't really do it in the [UEFA] Champions League.
"At the same time, we've played well, we've won the game and we'll go there with a three-goal advantage, but it'll be difficult. As you've seen in the last round, they came back against Barcelona, who are one of the best teams in the world.
"It'll be a really tough challenge for us but we've got to be confident after the performance.
"I felt we were still in control of the game, maybe we didn't play football as much in the last 20 minutes. I feel we gave them the Dzeko goal, which put up a few nerves, maybe, I don't know why.
"The penalty I thought was harsh, I thought their [James Milner's] arms were by their side, but we've got to stay confident. It was a good performance for 70 minutes.
"Some of the runs and some of the balls in behind were brilliant. We were disappointed not to score more, to be honest. But we've got to be positive. We knew it wouldn't be easy and it won't be easy over there, it'll be really tough, as Barcelona found.
"We'll need to be at our best but I'd fancy us to go there and score, with the forward players we've got. It'll be a challenge but one we've got to look forward to."
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — Police in New Jersey say they had to coax a German shepherd on a busy interstate to leave a dead pit bull that it was found lying next to.
New Jersey state police said that troopers responded Thursday morning to a report of two dogs on the shoulder of Interstate 280 in Newark.
The troopers say the pit bull was dead when they arrived. They say the German shepherd didn't want to leave its side, but they were able to coax it into a trooper's car.
Authorities say neither dog was wearing a collar or any identification. The German shepherd was given to a dog rescue.
It wasn't clear how the dog died. The case remains under investigation.
EKITI STATE Governor, Mr Ayodele Fayose has once again declared that President Muhammadu Buhari was only fighting their perceived political foes under the guise of fighting corruption, while at the same time trying to make sure that no opposition politician will be strong enough financially to contest against them in 2019. They said for the […]
The post Buhari fighting political foes, not corruption – Fayose appeared first on Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper.
A spat between two Times Square straphangers over a newspaper ended in violence Tuesday when one of them threw a punch and the other returned the favor by slashing them on the side of their head with a box-cutter, cops said.
The dispute started on the northbound A/C platform at the 42nd Street/Port Authority stop shortly after noon and led to both of the men being arrested, cops said.
According to a cop at the scene, the fight started when Mohammed Gurnah, 19, sat on some newspapers Caroberto Cordero, 42, had set down on a bench. The dispute escalated, and Gurnah threw a punch, and Cordero reciprocated by brandishing a box cutter and slashing them behind the ear, police said.
Police say they have surveillance camera footage of the incident.
Cordero was arrested at Columbus Circle, cops said. The weapon was recovered.
Gurnah was taken to St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital for a non-critical wound and also arrested, police said.
Michelin agreed to buy U.K.-based conveyor-belt maker Fenner Plc for about 1.2 billion pounds, a move aimed at strengthening the French tire manufacturer's presence in mining equipment.
Fenner shareholders will receive 610 pence per share, Michelin said Monday in a statement. That represents a 24 percent premium over the East Yorkshire, U.K.-based company's closing price on Monday. Fenner shareholders will also receive a dividend of up to 2.1 pence per share to be declared around April 25.
Michelin will combine its own tire and conveyor-belt offerings with Fenner's, strengthening the company's sales to the mining industry, it said. The company also gains an expanded portfolio of high-tech polymers it can use to develop new products for its material division.
“Mastering high-technology materials is key to creating value in the coming years,” Michelin Chief Executive Officer Jean-Dominique Senard said in the statement. “The acquisition will enable Michelin to accelerate its growth in this area, and to strengthen its position as a key player in the recovering mining markets with a comprehensive offering."
Fenner traces its roots back to the middle of the 19th century when Joseph Fenner founded the business in the city of Hull. The company grew into the world's largest conveyor-belt manufacturer, servicing industries from mining to factory automation, after first selling shares to the public in 1937. Gamma Holding NV, a leading Dutch rival in the conveyor-belt industry, was bought by private-equity companies in at the beginning of the decade.
Senard, the first outsider to lead Cie. Generale des Etablissements Michlin, is stepping down next year after seven years in the role. Since taking the helm in 2012, they improved profitability amid rising competition from lower-cost rivals, partly by expanding Michelin's premium product lines.
Along with tires, the company also publishes the Michelin restaurant guide, which was created in 1900 to encourage people to drive longer distances. It has evolved into a worldwide reference, with its three-star rating coveted by chefs from Paris to Tokyo.
Chux Ohai The family of late gospel singer, Eric Arubayi, whose passage was widely reported a few days ago, has made its first official statement on the sad incident. In a statement signed by the older brother of the deceased, Derreck, the family expressed gratitude to friends and well-wishers who stood by them in their […]
The post Family releases official statement on Eric Arubayi's death appeared first on Punch Newspapers.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Police rushed to downtown Kansas City Monday afternoon after suspects in a Kansas City, Kan., carjacking fled into a Kansas City, Mo., parking garage near 11th & Oak.
The large response of law enforcement came after reports of shots fired.
Police confirmed the gunfire and a police source told Fox 4 that the suspects fled into a parking garage there, where a Kansas City, Mo., police officer shot one suspect, who is reportedly not seriously injured.
Witnesses reported hearing four shots. One witness said it looked like the suspect was shot in the shoulder.
Police said the incident began as a carjacking in KCK. There are two suspects reportedly in custody.
Officers pursued a vehicle into MO. @kcpolice assisted & 2 are in custody. — Terry Zeigler (@KCKPDChief) December 11, 2017
FOX 4 is at the scene and working to learn more. We will update this story as information becomes available.
Head of the Divine Hand of God Prophetic Ministries International, Prophet Emmanuel Omale, has given their revelations for 2017. Omale said former Vice President Atiku Abubakar, will “be forced out of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC)”. They also warned that the party's National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, “may be poisoned”. Recall that President of […]
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. — If it seems like five minutes ago that Tim Tebow declared their plan to pursue a baseball career, that's because it was. Tebow's world — as it...
The Board of Trustees of Northern Illinois University voted unanimously Thursday morning to re-approve a separation agreement with former university president Douglas Baker. The board action took place amidst ongoing criticism of how it conducted that process.
On Thursday, prior to the board vote, NIU trustee Charles Philbrick read a prepared statement from Misty Haji-Sheikh, the DeKalb County Board member who successfully sued the NIU board over its violation of the state's Open Meetings Act (OMA). In deciding that case in November, a county judge ruled the NIU board's vote to approve the payout to Baker “null and void.”
In their 549-word statement, Haji-Sheikh chastised the university board for alleged shortcomings, insisted that Baker should have been fired for mismanagement and not paid more than $600,000, and urged the board to be more open to citizens concern and criticisms.
Misty Haji-Sheikh said they spoke with the board on several occasions last spring prior to filing their lawsuit, but that, “I felt that my words fell on deaf ears.”
Haji-Sheikh said “many, many, people” reached out to them with concerns over the manner in which the NIU board was handling Baker's termination. They said some of those people included NIU faculty, staff, students and administration, who did not go public for fear of retaliation.
They said they and many others believe that the NIU board should have required Baker to return the money from their separation agreement, saying that “anyone … found to have mismanaged one million dollars by the Office of Inspector General, should have been fired for cause.”
“I want for you to follow the law. I want you to listen to all of the people who reached out to me, when they didn't feel they could come to you,” they said. “I want NIU to be the best it can be. That is why I came to you in the first place.”
Prior to calling for a vote on the issue Thursday morning, NIU board chair Wheeler Coleman responded to those criticisms, saying trustees had deliberated “reasonably and in good faith,” with a commitment to their fiduciary responsibility to the university. The board had, they said, complied “with all state laws and regulations and NIU policies,” and they insisted the board made its decision with the best interests of the school in mind.
“The challenging decisions we have to make as trustees will not always be well-received by everyone,” they said.
Coleman noted that while the judge did rule that the NIU board had violated the Open Meetings Act and that the separation agreement was voided, that judge also found the board had done nothing else wrong, ruling in the university's favor on all other points in the case.
“The claims made against the Board during the litigation involved a variety of counts. In all but one of the court's findings, the judge ruled in favor of the board,” they said. “Other than the judge's limited finding that the board's wording in the agenda item was not sufficient for the board to act on the Presidential Transition Agreement at its meeting on June 15, the judge found that the board complied with the Illinois Open Meetings Act.”
Coleman said the board's decision also protected the university from needless expense and legal entanglement by arranging a clean break with a man who was a tenured professor.
Under the agreement, Coleman said, Baker “willingly gave up their contractual right to being a tenured faculty member in the College of Business at an annual salary of $225,000.”
“In theory, if they taught for five years, it would total $1.125 million and more than $2.5 million if they taught for 10 years,” Coleman noted. “Instead, they relinquished their tenured appointment for a significantly less amount.”
Coleman said the agreement also, and most importantly, precluded Baker from ever suing NIU, something they said would “divert critical time, money and attention of the University.”
“Under this agreement, Dr. Baker (will) not be able to file any future claims, for any reason, against NIU.”
The NIU board, Coleman concluded, would “continue to move forward and focus its attention on the long-term health and well-being of the University.”
—NIU board chair responds to critics of former president's separation agreement–
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
WASHINGTON — Former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe drafted a memo on circumstances leading up to the firing of their onetime boss, James Comey, a person familiar with the situation said Wednesday night.
The person spoke on condition of anonymity to The Associated Press to discuss a secret document that has been turned over to special counsel Robert Mueller. Their team is investigating whether the Trump campaign co-ordinated with Russia during the 2016 presidential election and whether the president sought to obstruct that inquiry through actions including the firing of Comey last May.
The memo concerns a conversation that McCabe had with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein about Rosenstein's preparations for Comey's firing. Rosenstein played an important role in that episode, having authored a memo faulting Comey for their handling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation that the White House held up as justification for President Donald Trump's decision to fire the FBI director.
Rosenstein has said they wrote a memo laying out their concerns with Comey after learning that the White House intended to fire him.
According to McCabe's memo, Rosenstein indicated to them that they were initially asked to reference the Russia investigation in their own memo on Comey. But the final version didn't include discussion of Russia and focused instead on the Clinton email case.
Rosenstein appointed Mueller special counsel one week after Comey was fired. They have said they would recuse themselves if necessary if their actions became relevant to Mueller's investigation.
The AP reported in March that McCabe had drafted multiple memos, including about their interactions with Trump. Comey also drafted a series of memos about their own encounters with Trump that unnerved him.
The New York Times first reported on the content of this particular memo.
McCabe became FBI acting director following Comey's firing last May. They were fired as deputy director in March, just days before their scheduled retirement, amid an inspector general finding that they had misled internal investigators about their role in an October 2016 disclosure to The Wall Street Journal.
——
Follow Eric Tucker on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/etuckerAP
6/15/17 – 5:00 A.M.
Update – 5:57 A.M.
Fostoria police are investigating a Wednesday night shooting. The Courier reports the incident happened around 10:30 p.m. in analley between Tiffin and South Streets, near the 200 block of Poplar Street.
Fostoria Fire Division EMS took the victim to ProMedica Fostoria Community Hospital for treatment. Emergency responders called for a medical helicopter to meet them at the hospital.
Media partner WTOL 11 reports the shooter is also receiving medical treatment for injuries suffered during the altercation.
The incident remains under investigation. Officials haven't released the name of the victim or their condition.
MORE: The Courier
MORE: WTOL 11
From Laide Raheem, Abeokuta
Ogun State Governor, Ibikunle Amosun, has said 2017 will witness massive rural road construction.
According to a statement issued by Amosun's Senior Special Assistant on Media, Adejuwon Soyinka, yesterday, the governor stated this as part of their 2017 New Year message.
Amosun pointed out that their administration would take advantage of the opportunities provided by the World Bank through the Rural Access and Mobility Project (RAMP) to ensure easy access to farm produce and mobility of rural dwellers to modern facilities such as tap water, electricity and qualitative health care delivery.
They said one of the goals of their administration in the New Year was to make further progress in its re-forestation project.
“We already have two sites at Aworo and Imeko. Apart from the fact that the projects will go a long way in improving the quality of our environment, it will also boost our forestry development plan and promote investment in the timber industry,” they said.
In the New Year, Amosun also said the state would take a serious step towards improving agriculture and agribusiness, noting “agriculture will not only ensure food security, but provide huge employment opportunities for our teeming youth. We are exploring an agro-politan development strategy, which emphasises the localisation of the entire value chain that agriculture provides – Grow-Process-Store–Package–Market-Sell.
“This will ensure that millions of our citizens will be engaged in the agricultural value chain and will be able to prosper wherever they are.”
Meanwhile, the governor has promised to commence work on the first phase of the state light rail project in the first quarter of the New Year.
The first phase of the proposed Ogun Light Rail Network, according to Amosun, is approximately 102.3km and consists of two lines: Abeokuta (Panseke) – Sagamu Interchange – Sagamu Town (49.8 km) and Ogere Town – Sagamu Interchange – Berger (52.5km).
In the same vein, the governor, disclosed that preparations have reached an advanced stage for the construction of an International Airport.
The airport when completed, Amosun remarked, will ease the movement of people, goods and services in and out of Ogun State, reiterating that their administration will leave no project uncompleted.
“Let me again re-assure you that the commencement of new projects will not in any way affect the completion of ongoing projects spread across the three senatorial districts,” they submitted.
are making more headlines than their music now-a-days. From their ridiculous story line on Love & Hip Hop Atlanta to donning a dress in an even more awkward Joc moment, you can also add naturalista to the the rapper-turned-reality star's resume.
Joc debuted their new do, a style they call the blow and go, on TV One's new talk show Sister Circle and girl, it's so good, all we can tell you do to is press play:
Catch Sister Circle Monday through Friday on TV One at 9 a.m.
RELATED STORIES:
‘LHHATLS6' Recap: Yung Joc Might Be The Father Of Kirk's Alleged Side Baby
Virat - Anushka Wedding: Jacqueline Fernandez, Alia, Mouni Roy, Taapsee WISH the couple | FilmiBeat
Since a last couple of days, Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma's 'hush-hush' wedding plans are the topic on everyone's lips.
While rumors are rife that the wedding is slated to be held on 15th December, a certain section of media claims that the duo have already tied the knot.
Virat and Anushka have neither confirmed nor denied the news but reports suggest that the wedding will be held in Italy.
Last evening, when B-town celebs graced the red carpet of Lux Golden Rose Awards 2017, they too were flooded with questions pertaining to 'Virushka's marriage. Here's how they react to the same...
Jacqueline Fernandez The Sri Lankan beauty kind of confirmed the news, did a happy dance and quipped, I am so so excited. I think it is amazing news. I am really happy for Anushka and Virat. I can't wait for it." Katrina Kaif's Response Kat chose to avoid the question and instead added, So, we have come to that part of the night. This part of the night, this is what I do." Bhumi Pednekar The actor said, "Well, I am a little confused, what's happening? Are they? (laughs) Well if it is true, then congratulations. They are quite a power couple. They are amazing individually and together." Taapsee Pannu "Let's first get it confirmed that it is happening. Why are you guys after their lives? Let them get married in peace, and if at all they are getting married, just let them be!", quipped the 'Judwaa 2' actor. Sushant Singh Rajput The actor looks surprised and thanked the reports for informing them about the news. They later added, "I don't know (laughs). This is really good news. Thank you for informing me. I want to congratulate them. One is among my favourite actors and the other is one of my favourite cricketsr. So for me, it's a double joy." Chupke- Chupke If rumours are to be believed then 'Virushka' will tie the knot in a private ceremony at Hotel Borgo Finochito in Italy. One also hears that the couple will throw a lavish wedding reception on 26th of this month.
Well, let's hope that the lovebirds make some official announcement soon!
Haslam, a native Knoxvillian, was elected as Tennessee's 49th governor in 2010 and re-elected in 2014 with the largest victory in modern Tennessee history. Major accomplishments from their two terms included strides in higher education and economic development, as well as a historically low unemployment rate.
“Over the course of their tenure as governor, I have come to know Gov. Haslam as an inquisitive, authentic and thoughtful leader who has consistently sought to reshape how government functions to best serve the people of Tennessee,” said Secretary of State Tre Hargett. “I have found Gov. Haslam to be a man of integrity who is honest and kind to others – a decent man who seeks to do the right thing even at personal political risk.”
As a result of their initiatives, all Tennesseans have access to higher education tuition-free through the Tennessee Promise and Reconnect programs, which made Tennessee the first state in the country to provide community or technical college tuition at no cost to its citizens.
Haslam also leveraged working with a conservative Tennessee General Assembly to help the state realize impressive economic growth. For the first time since 2000 and only the second time in state history, Tennessee has a triple-A bond rating from the three major credit rating agencies. They have also worked to reduce taxes, recurring spending and the size of state government, working alongside members of the General Assembly.
The Tennessee Blue Book, which is published every two years, is the definitive manual on Tennessee state government with detailed information about all three branches of government, Tennessee history, election statistics and more.
The Blue Book, published by the secretary of state's office, is available for free to Tennessee residents. The 2017-2018 edition is available through members of the General Assembly or the Division of Publications at 615-741-2650 or publications.information@tn.gov.
To every glory is a story to tell. The list of great Prophets in our generation wouldn't be complete without mentioning the General Overseer of Freedom for All Nations Outreach(FANO) and the owner of FANO TV, Prophet Samuel Akinbodunse.  They are one prophet we are blessed to have during this last days where ‘fake prophets' are on the rise as the day passes by.
One would think they have a South-African background judging by the crowd their South African church host whenever there is service but no. There was a time they were a complete 'Nobody' in the South-African society where they are regarded as God's oracle at the moment.
They were born and bred in Nigeria but the work of the ministry took them to South Africa. Their Prophetic Ministry started way over 15 years ago in Nigeria, but they were told by God to move to south Africa where they started Freedom for All Nations Outreach. Their rise in the ministry however hasn't been a rosy one. They have been through the valley but whatever is of God will surely be taken care of it as it was rightly said in the holy books.
There were times where they slept at friend's place, and was later sent out. They had to sleep under a flower on the streets of South Africa and yet, they kept on gathering people to worship God, preach to them, winning their souls for Christ. This is no doubt a very rare sacrifice especially in this dispensation where so-called men of God do several fetish things to get popularity and wealth.
Also, they aren't the lazy type. Before the reward for their consistency in Christ came, they worked in a salon, made braid for women, even as a man, and also got their own salon where they simultaneously used as a place where they gathered people to worship God, till they were too much to contain the place and they had to move to another place where they gathered over 300 members without a church. They would take people to mountains, pray with them, fasted for so many days, and so on till they finally registered FANO IN 2010 and started a church in 2012 after they heard from God because they were just known to doing inter-denominational prayers and crusades. Despite the fact that South-Africa isn't a conducive environment for Nigerian Pastors to succeed, Their church has 90% of South Africans as members and the remaining 10% as other Nationals.
Furthermore, even after the reward came, they still didn't forget where they are coming from.  They are known for Feeding at least 150 people every week through their programme tagged operation feed the nation, gives South African scholarships, and many more.
Talking on the many Prophecies they have said and has come to pass, They were the only Prophet that predicted the flood that took place in Cape Town in June 2017. They prayed for a woman who delivered cat fish whose pregnancy was long overdue. They delivered a Botswana woman from snake spirit, live snake walked out of them The recent one is the Zimbabwean Prophecy, about Mugabe. It's on record that they were the only one who mentioned the month of November as the season Mugabe would go down.
No doubt, Prophet Samuel Akinbodunse is one whose ministry has been greatly accepted in South Africa as they are currently building a 50,000 Capacity church because their members are too much to contain the current building they are occupying.
Interestingly, they hosted Popular Nigerian Actor, John Okafor AKA Mr Ibu in their church where they gave a heart-touching testimony, Oil Tycoon, Igho Charles Sanomi, and several dignitaries.
One would easily deduce that It has been a rising spree for Popular Prophet, Samuel Akinbodunse since they started their ministry but their life is a living testimony to people that God uses the foolish things of this world to confound the wise and the weak things of this world to confound the mighty ones.
The State Department has confirmed that a Delaware business owner originally from Chadds Ford, Pennsylvania, was one of nearly 70 people injured during a New Year's Eve celebration in Istanbul.
WCAU-TV ( http://bit.ly/2i0RQ8g ) reports that the brother of William Jacob Raak says the 35-year-old was visiting friends in Istanbul.
Michael Raak, of South Philadelphia, says their brother, a small business owner from Greenville, Delaware, called about 7:30 p.m. ET on New Year's Eve to say they had been shot in the leg.
Istanbul Gov. Vasip Sahin has said the attacker, armed with a long-barreled weapon, killed a police officer and a civilian outside the Reina club around 1:15 a.m. before entering and firing at people partying inside.
At least 39 people, mostly foreigners, were killed and close to 70 others were injured.
Questions, Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn@comcast.net
By Danielle Douglas-Gabriel | Washington Post
A federal judge has banned the U.S. Department of Education from using earnings data to grant only partial student loan forgiveness to defrauded borrowers who attended defunct for-profit chain Corinthian Colleges.
The decision is rooted in Education Secretary Betsy DeVos' decision in December to provide debt relief to former Corinthian students by comparing the average earnings of students in similar vocational programs. That earnings information is collected under gainful employment, a regulation that penalizes career-training programs for producing too many graduates with more debt than they can repay.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
The Project on Predatory Student Lending at Harvard University, a legal services clinic, filed an injunction in March to stop the practice. The group has argued that the Education Department has no right to use the data, which is supplied by the Social Security Administration, for any purpose other than to evaluate vocational programs. What's more, the attorneys say denying full relief to Corinthian students is illegal.
In a ruling late Friday, judge Sallie Kim for the U.S. District Court in San Francisco agreed that the Trump administration violated privacy laws by using Social Security Administration data to calculate loan forgiveness. The judge granted the injunction and ordered the Education Department to end all attempts to collect on the education loans of Corinthian students.
“When the Department disclosed to the Social Security Administration information about the applicants' Social Security numbers and dates of birth from the Department's files, that disclosure violated the Privacy Act,” Kim wrote, in the 38-page ruling. They noted that the law has several specific exceptions that would have made the disclosure of such information permissible, none of which apply in this case.
The Education Department, which did not immediately reply to requests for comment on the ruling, has said that the use of the earnings data is fully consistent with its agreement with the Social Security Administration. Even if the agency is correct, the judge said privacy laws prevents the use of aggregate statistical data to make decisions concerning the “rights, benefits or privileged of specific individuals.” That creates a clear conflict with the Education Department's use of the data to determine how much debt to forgive.
The court is considering whether to compel the Education Department to award full student loan forgiveness to Corinthian students. A hearing is schedule for June 4.
“This ‘average earnings rule' is not only a theft of data, but more importantly, it is a fact-free attempt by the Department of Education to double-cross borrowers who were scammed by Corinthian and then waited months or even years for the relief that the Department promised them,” said Noah Zinner, an attorney at Housing and Economic Rights Advocates, a legal aid group working with the project on the case.
It's been three years since Corinthian closed after the Education Department cut off its access to federal student aid for lying about its graduation and job placement rates. At the time, the for-profit chain was being investigated and sued by state and federal authorities for fraud, deceptive marketing and steering students into predatory loans. Despite the evidence against Corinthian unearthed by the Education Department, former students are still struggling to have their federal loans fully discharged.
A federal statute known as borrower defense to repayment gives the Education Department authority to discharge federal student loans when a college uses illegal tactics to persuade students to borrow money. Debt relief applications have piled up over the past year as the Trump administration refused to take action until education officials could fully review procedures instituted under President Barack Obama.
Related Articles Fed rolls back rules aimed at preventing risky bank bets
Exercise-averse Trump lauds children's fitness
Virginia Senate votes to expand Medicaid
Astronaut Peterson, who spacewalked from Challenger, dies at 84
Officials from US, North Korea meet to salvage summit In December, DeVos announced the approval of 12,900 applications for student loan forgiveness and denial of 8,600 claims from former Corinthian students. They said applicants would receive full loan forgiveness if their earnings are less than 50 percent of those of their peers. If their pay is at or above that threshold, the department would provide relief on a sliding scale.
Critics said the model will create more hardship for people who have been victimized by unscrupulous schools, robbing them of their legal right to have their federal loans fully discharged.
ChickComedy/YouTube
Comedian Ralphie May died on October 6 at age 45.  They are survived by their wife, fellow comic Lahna Turner, and their two children, April June May and August James May. The couple was in the middle of a divorce, which began in 2015.
May's death was first reported by TMZ. The site reported that they were suffering from pneumonia for the past six weeks, but kept performing through the illness. The cause of death was cardiac arrest.
May's death was confirmed by their representatives on their Twitter page. They confirmed that they were found dead in their private residence in Las Vegas, two days after winning the Casino Comedian of the Year award at the Global Gaming Expo. They also had a residency at Harrah's Las Vegas.
May shot to fame after finishing second on Last Comic Standing. They starred in stand-up comedy specials for Comedy Central and Netflix, and never stopped touring.
You can follow the 44-year-old Turner on Twitter. Turner also has their own website.
Here's what you need to know about Turner and their relationship with May.
1. Turner & May Filed for Divorce in 2015
May and Turner began divorce proceedings in 2005, when Turner filed for divorce, TMZ reported. They cited irreconcilable differences and was asking for sole physical custody of their kids. They were also asking for joint legal custody.
At the time of May's death, the divorce was still not finalized. Turner, who also writes comedic songs, wrote about the divorce for Laugh Spin. They wrote that May was “never quite the same” after they were hospitalized for pulmonary embolisms.
“On the Friday before Memorial Day 2015, I got served with divorce papers. I had no idea it was coming. I had just been on the phone with Ralphie about an hour before and I thought it was a productive call. I hung up and it was like ding-dong divorce papers,” Turner wrote. “And then I lost it. I really did. I was barely able to function.”
Turner wrote that they spent most of the marriage trying to get the 500-pound May healthy, even though they didn't want to lose weight.
“For years, I was trying to force a man who didn't want to get well to get well and juggling all these plates that were constantly crashing down,” Turner wrote. “Now I feel like if I just work really hard and do the right things, work on myself and take care of my children, it's going to be okay.”
In a May 2016 report, TMZ reported that May claimed in documents that Turner destroyed their Ketubah, the Jewish marriage contract, in front of them and the children. They also claimed they cursed at them and ttore photos off the wall.
In February 2017, TMZ obtained documents from the divorce, in which Turner claimed May was abusive, suicidal and used drugs. They claimed May couldn't be left around their children alone.
They also claimed in the documents that May was physically abusive towards them In one instance in 2015, when they tried to reconcile, they were having sex. They claim they asked them to stop, but they insisted, telling her, “You need to feel pain, bitch.”
Turner also wanted a restraining order, and the judge denied their request. Their representatives told TMZ that they couldn't comment “due to legal constraints.”
In March 2017, TMZ obtained more documents that confirmed Turner was getting temporary sole custody of the children and May agreed to take random drug tests twice a month.
2. They Created a ‘Comedic Homage' to Beyonce's ‘Lemonade' Called ‘Limade'
Turner's most recent project is Limeade, a “comedic homage” to Beyonce Knowles' Lemonade album. The half-hour project is available on YouTube in its entirety.
“Utilizing hilarious lyrics and provocative visuals, Turner explores their Five Stages of Grief following their unexpected divorce from their husband standup comedian Ralphie May,” reads a statement on YouTube.
“The album and the visual album is going to help me get on with my life professionally, I believe. It's good,” Turner told Splitsider in a December 2016 interview. “It's allowed me to discover myself professionally. Being with another comedian, especially a successful one, people always wonder, ‘Do they write your material?' There's no question that it was all me, and now this gives me more professional independence.”
In that Splitsider interview, Turner said they were inspired to create the film after the divorce. They knew each other for seven years and they were surprised when they filed for divorce. They became depress”ed and needed to do something.
“When they filed for divorce, I was shocked, but anyways, they served me with divorce papers, it's been over a year, and I couldn't believe it,” they said. “He and I had been together for over 17 years, and I never would have left him, but that happened. It just really threw me and I don't know, it inspired… I was really depressed for a long time.”
Turner's other albums include 2004's Dick Jokes & Other Assorted Love Songs and 2012's If These Lips Could Talk.
3. They Appeared in the 2014 Indie Comedy ‘Teacher of the Year'
Turner has a few acting credits to their name, including the 2014 film Teacher of the Year. The film starred Keegan-Michael Key and was written and directed by Jason Strouse. Although made in 2014, it was finally released in June 2016.
Tuner's other credits include This Is Meg, a 2017 movie with Krista Allen; and the upcoming Brand New Old Love, written and directed by Cat Rhinehart.
The comedian was also a producer on May's 2013 comedy special, Ralphie May: Imperfectly Yours. They also wrote and starred in their own 2013 special, So I Wrote A Song About It.
As The Interrobang reported in 2013, So I Wrote A Song About It was supposed to be the start of a relationship between the couple and Hulu. May's Filthy Animals special was also part of that deal.
4. Turner & May Worked on the ‘Perfect 10' Podcast Together
May and Turner did work together professionally during their marriage. They worked on a podcast called Perfect 10. Turner still records a podcast using that name.
“We love doing it,” May told Las Vegas Weekly about the podcast in a May 2013 interview. “It's fun, it's something different, it's something that my wife and I get to work on. And I think it's different than a lot of podcasts. We do a lot of crazy sh*t, and have a lot of fun and it's a real blast.”
“She's a comedian, but really she's so much more a hell of a f*cking woman,” May said of Turner in that 2013 interview. “She's an amazing mom; an amazing performer.”
In a 2015 interview with Bendsource before the divorce, May said touring without their family takes a toll.
“You miss the things that matter,” May said. “From pulling teeth to being there in the night for nightmares, snuggles. To sports triumphs, school triumphs. Shows. Things you should be a part of as a parent. Bathing and getting dressed and brushing the teeth of your children and reading stories before bedtime. You know, and that's what it's really about, man.”
5. Turner & May Had 2 Children Together, April June & August James
During their 10-year marriage, May and Turner became the parents of two children, daughter April June May and son August James May.
People Magazine reported that April June was born on September 5, 2007. They weighed 6 pounds, 11 ounces.
Two years later, People Magazine reported that May and Turner welcomed their second child, August James May, on June 24, 2009. They were born in Nashville, weighing 8 pounds, 7 ounces.
In their Splitsider interview, Turner said their children are hilarious and have been a good inspiration for them material.
“They're really good for material, they're hilarious, but just the logistics of being a single mom and raising two kids and trying to do standup is pretty hard,” they said. “I don't get a lot of sleep.”
Prithviraj, the young talent of Mollywood is all set to make their directorial debut, with the upcoming Mohanlal starrer Lucifer. In a recent interview given to a popular YouTube channel, Prithviraj opened up about Lucifer.
The actor revealed that they are not much tensed about their directorial debut, to the much surprise of their fans and audiences. According to Prithviraj, Lucifer would be pretty much an actor's film, which will give importance to the performances.
Interestingly, Prithviraj is not sure how prepared they are, for their directorial debut. The actor feels that they will get to know such things, once they start working for the project. However, Prithviraj clarified that Lucifer is not all about technical excellence.
The actor ensured that it will be an intense film, like all most of the films of the scriptwriter Murali Gopy. Prithviraj also revealed that they would like to have some great performances in the film, and confirmed that they have no plans to act in it.
Lucifer, which marks the first collaboration of Mohanlal with writer Murali Gopy, is expected to go on floors by the beginning of 2018. The movie, which is produced by Antony Perumbavoor for Aashirvad Cinemas, has been slated to release for Onam 2018.
Gaza terrorists on Friday fired a rocket towards southern Israel. There are no reports of injuries or damages.
Full Story
(Arutz Sheva's North American desk is keeping you updated until the start of Shabbat in New York. The time posted automatically on all Arutz Sheva articles, however, is Israeli time.)
London News Now is reporting that the two people believed to have been poisoned by a mysterious substance last weekend are Charlie Rowley and Dawn Sturgess. The pair were found unconscious at an address on Muggleton Road in the town of Amesbury, which is part of Wiltshire and is about 85 miles southwest of London. They are both in critical condition at Salisbury District Hospital.
Amesbury poisoning: First pictures of couple fighting for life after Wiltshire 'poisoning' https://t.co/wH7c9LYDkV — London News Now (@londonnewsnow) July 4, 2018
Investigators say they initially thought the pair had overdosed on recreational drugs. But now officials are looking into whether Sturgess and Rowley could have come into contact with a dangerous nerve agent called Novichok, or at least residue of the substance.
Wiltshire Police Closed off Areas the Couple Were Seen Recently
Investigators chose to close off areas where Dawn Burgess and Charlie Rowley were recently seen as a precaution. The department has been putting out frequent updates on the investigation on Twitter, including the fact that no one else appears to have been poisoned and that the Salisbury Hospital is operating as normal.
Police reported that the cordoned off areas include:
• Queen Elizabeth Gardens in Salisbury
• A property at John Baker House, Rolleston Street, Salisbury
• A property on Muggleton Rd, Amesbury
• Boots the Chemist, Stonehenge Walk, Amesbury
• Amesbury Baptist Centre, Butterfield Drive, #Amesbury
The public can expect to see an increased police presence at these locations and in and around the Amesbury and Salisbury areas. We would like to take this opportunity to thank the public for respecting these cordons and for their ongoing patience and support. #Amesbury — Wiltshire Police (@wiltshirepolice) July 4, 2018
The police twitter handle went on to explain: “The public can expect to see an increased police presence at these locations and in and around the Amesbury and Salisbury areas. We would like to take this opportunity to thank the public for respecting these cordons and for their ongoing patience and support.”
Novichok Is the Substance Used to Poison Former Russian Spy Sergei Skripal and Their Daughter Yulia Back in March
The March attack happened in the neighboring town of Salisbury. British prime minister Theresa May had said it was likely that Russia was responsible for the poisoning. Dawn Burgess and Charlie Rowley are not believed to have any ties to Russia or the Skripals.
The BBC is reporting that officials have been running tests on the nerve agent at a government research facility called Porton Down. London News Now refers to Porton Down as a chemical weapons research laboratory; the building is located just 8 miles away from the town of Amesbury.
Counterterrorism detectives from the Metropolitan Police have teamed up with local police to investigate. The Wiltshire police department called the alleged poisoning a “major incident.” This designation allows for British authorities to put multiple emergency agencies on the case.
Symptoms lasting at least one week (or less if person is hospitalized for symptoms)
Correct! Wrong! A sudden change in appetite, with weight gain or loss is not characteristic of a manic episode.
A manic episode is a distinct period lasting at least a week (or less if the person is hospitalized for the symptoms) in which a person is very happy and in high spirits, or irritable in an extreme way, nearly every day for most of the day. This can involve inflated self-esteem or grandiosity (believing they're better than others), needing less sleep, talking more than usual, and increased risky behavior (reckless driving, careless sex, spending sprees, etc.)
San Diego police have arrested a man suspected of sexually battering and assaulting two teenage women on two different occasions.
The teenage woman first reported being sexually battered on Sunday as they walked along 100 S 31st Street. The young man fled on foot after the incident, police said.
The following day, another teenage victim reported a similar assault as they walked on the 400 block of S 30th Street. After the incident, the man fled on foot again.
Investigators assigned to the case worked to identify, locate and ultimately arrest the male juvenile suspect. They have not been identified.
They will be charged with sexual assault and violation of probation.
The San Diego Police Department Central Division is asking for any witnesses or other victims to please come forward if they have any information on either case by calling (619) 744-9500.
ELIZABETHTOWN, KY (WAVE) - A man has been charged with first-degree criminal abuse for intentionally burning their 5-year-old granddaughter as punishment for wetting the bed, according to police.
>> MUGSHOTS: April 2017 Roundup
Ramanbhai Patel, 58, was staying at an Elizabethtown motel when the alleged incident happened on April 5, investigators said.
When the five-year-old victim confided to their grandfather that they had accidentally urinated in their bed, police said, Patel heated a kitchen knife on a stove burner, and then placed the hot knife against the girl's buttocks, leaving two quarter-size burn marks.
ALSO ON WAVE3.COM
+ Woman charged with murdering husband
+ 2 women charged with murder in double shooting
+ Homicide victim dropped off at hospital identified
Patel was arrested on April 17.
The victim and a juvenile sibling have been placed in foster care by social services on an emergency custody order.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Priyanka Chopra's mother, Madhu Chopra today responded to the notice for illegal construction that was issued to the actor by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), saying they are cooperating with the officials, the spokesperson said. Them statement comes a day after the BMC pulled up the Quantico actor for allegedly carrying out illegal constructions at their spa and salon in suburban Oshiwara.
Also Read: Ranbir Kapoor Reveals That He's Addicted To Something Which Is WORSE Than Drugs!
"We have received the notice from the BMC. We are coordinating with the officials and have already taken the required appropriate measures," a spokesperson for Chopra said in a statement.
Yesterday, a civic official said the BMC had received complaints of alleged irregularities in construction of Charishma Beauty Spa and Salon, owned by the actor. If Chopra fails to comply with the notice, the BMC will demolish the illegal alterations, they said.
TOI had quoted a senior official from the BMC by saying, "We earlier wrote them asking to regularize the unauthorized changed after paying the penalty and removed other illegal changes which cannot be approved. But they didn't bother to pay any attention after which we sent them notice under the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act (MRTP). If they fail to reply on this, we will demolish the illegal construction at both the premises."
(PTI News)
£20m M27 Whiteley Upgrade Announced
A £20 million projects been announced, aimed at reducing jams around Junction 9 on the M27.
Lanes will be added on slip roads, the Parkway South roundabout and Whiteley Way approach after Hampshire County Council won a bid for funding from Highways England.
The council can now go ahead with the scheme to provide an additional traffic lane on both M27 Junction 9 motorway off-slip roads; on the westbound on-slip road, and on the Whiteley Way approach.
The existing short left-turn lane on Whiteley Way will be lengthened and additional lanes will be provided on the northern and southern sections of the roundabout.
At Parkway South roundabout, a new larger, fully signal-controlled roundabout will be provided, with additional lanes on all approaches, on the Parkway exit road and on the roundabout itself.
Executive Member for Environment and Transport, Councillor Rob Humby, said:
"This is really exciting news for the people who live and work in Whiteley. Congestion at peak times in this area has been notoriously heavy for years, and with a further 3,500 new homes in the planning, it's essential that improvements are made to increase capacity on the roads. The County Council has worked hard to design a scheme to alleviate congestion at Junction 9 on the M27 and the first roundabout approach to Whiteley, so that people can access the shopping centre, cinema, restaurants and Business Park without delay.
"Whiteley is an extremely important business hub for the south, and this project will give existing businesses the confidence to invest, as well as unlock new economic development potential in the area. It will also complement the investment being made by the Solent Local Enterprise Partnership to widen Whiteley Way, and the Highways England M27 Smart Motorway project."
The council says 'this scheme is critical in ensuring that the £14 million being invested by the Solent Local Enterprise Partnership to widen Whiteley Way and the £150 million being invested by Highways England in the M27 Smart Motorway Scheme will be a success in improving the way traffic flows in this area.'
The funding for this scheme is comprised of £9.9 million Highways England Growth and Housing Fund, £6.6 million from Hampshire County Council, and £3 million Highways England Congestion Relief Fund.
Transport Secretary Chris Grayling said:
"The Whiteley Way junction upgrade is part of our record investment in infrastructure across the country to improve journeys for motorists.
"It will cut congestion on the M27, help unlock thousands of much-needed houses, and boost Hampshire's economy."
Sesan Olufowobi The government of Lagos State has destroyed illegal movies and equipment worth N10m. The Executive Secretary, Lagos State Film and Video Censors Board, Mr. Dele Balogun, on Tuesday said the movies included pirated and unclassified local and international movies, as well as duplicating machines which were seized in a raid on some areas […]
The post Govt destroys N10m pirated films, equipment appeared first on Punch Newspapers.
Parents, carers, providers and all those with an interest in early years and childcare are being urged to respond to a Scottish Government consultation before it closes next week.
It seeks views on the wide range of policy options available to deliver the Scottish Government's commitment to almost double free early learning and childcare to 1140 hours per year by 2020.
Mark McDonald, minister for Childcare and Early Years, said: “We know the early years are a crucial time in every child's life and evidence shows that access to high quality early learning and childcare (ELC) is key to improving attainment. By giving Scotland's young people the best possible start in life we can ensure they develop the skills and confidence they need to reach their full potential.
“Parents and carers also benefit from a high quality, flexible system of ELC as it helps to support routes in to work, training or further study which may not have previously been accessible.
“That is why the Scottish Government is committed to almost doubling the free ELC entitlement to 1140 hours per year by 2020.
“We are at a pivotal moment in developing the policy approach which will determine how the expansion is delivered, and I recently announced a number of trials to test new ways of providing childcare.
“At the same time, we are also formally consulting on the wide range of policy options available to us, for example whether childminders or organisations with a wider social remit, such as charities or social enterprises, have a greater role to play.
“There is one week left for people across Scotland to have their say on how our new ELC policy should be shaped, and I urge everyone with a view to respond to our consultation before it closes on January 9.”
The New York Times advertises itself as providing “all the news that's fit to print,” and now it looks as if the so-called Gray Lady aims to provide all the opinions that fit as well.
Last week the newspaper pulled a coup by hiring long-time Wall Street Journal columnist Bret Stephens. The Pulitzer Prize-winning op-ed writer was hired to widen the range of views presented to readers. Stephens is a long-time conservative columnist who during the 2016 presidential campaign emerged as a steadfast a so-called Never Trumper, writing scathing columns against then-Republican candidate Donald Trump.
Stephens, whose views on Trump align with conservative journalistic voices like National Review, will be the third conservative writer writing for the Times' editorial pages. The newspaper also has David Brooks and Ross Douthat, who moved to the newspaper from the Weekly Standard and The Atlantic, respectively.
“They really picked the prime cherry off the tree at the Journal,” Mindy Belz, senior editor for World Magazine tells Fox News. “The New York Times is realizing that they need to diversify their shop.”
About two-thirds of the Times' audience is “consistently or mostly liberal” according to a 2014 Pew Research Center study, which also found that a majority of conservatives distrust the paper.
“They really picked the prime cherry off the tree at the Journal.” – Mindy Belz, World Magazine
Despite this data, the Times has long hired strong conservative op-ed writers such as Bill Kristol, the founder of The Weekly Standard, and the late William Safire, a former speechwriter for Nixon.
Paul Glader, a journalism professor from The King's College and former staff writer at the Wall Street Journal, says that the hire is likely a move on the Times' part to gain a wider understanding of the country's current zeitgeist.
“The New York Times op-ed pages are trying to understand or serve the country by hiring another conservative writer,” they tell Fox News. “It's a blow to the Journal. I think they were the best writer on that page.”
“If they [New York Times] want to be the national newspaper they have to employ people who represent all parts of America.”
While Stephens has garnered moderate praise from the left for being anti-Trump, they have written on other topics that may anger most Times readers. Their views on climate change have created the strongest backlash, so far, with liberal site ThinkProgress questioning the hire on Wednesday and calling the writer is a climate science denier.
“The New York Times — which advertises itself as a defender of truth in the Trump era — just hired an extreme denier of climate science as a columnist,” reads the article.
“The scientific findings that Stephens has repeatedly dismissed as ‘imaginary' are routinely published in the New York Times itself. And in an August job description, the New York Times called climate change ‘the most important story in the world.' Stephens calls it ‘hysteria.'”
Stephens themselves has said that they intend to keep an open mind in their new role.
“One of the chief attractions of joining The Times's Opinion section is to participate in a journalistic enterprise that encourages a vibrant diversity of opinion,” they said in an email to The Huffington Post. “Most of us would like to think of ourselves as open-minded individuals ― so let's not have heads exploded when we encounter views with which we sharply disagree.”
Serena Williams made their long-awaited return to Grand Slam tennis on Tuesday, defeating the big-serving Kristyna Pliskova in a crisp straight-set first-round match at the French Open.
The 23-time major champion had last played in a Slam at the 2017 Australian Open, when they famously won the title while eight weeks pregnant. After giving birth to a daughter in September, Serena returned to tennis this spring and played four (understandably) sloppy matches before putting their comeback on hold to get “100 percent ready to compete.”
On Tuesday, at least, it appeared she'd successfully reached them goal.
As Serena goes for their first Slam as a mother, FTW looks back at 23 incredible stats from the 23-time major winner.
1. The rest of the field at the French Open has combined to win 27 majors, just four more than Serena does by herself. Or you could look at it another way: Venus and Serena have 30 majors. Everybody else has 20.
2. This decade, Serena has 12 Grand Slam wins. No other woman has more than two.
3. Serena went 18 years between their first Grand Slam title (1999 U.S. Open) and their last, for now (2017 Australian Open). Three women previously held the record with a 12-year gap. (Chris Evert, Martina Navratilova and Steffi Graf.) Serena's wins in the '90s, 00s and '10s make them the first player to ever win a major in three different decades.
4. She's the only player in Grand Slam history to have won three majors six times or more. She's also the only player to win two tournaments seven times or more.
5. Serena is a staggering 23-6 in Grand Slam finals, the best winning percentage (.793) of any woman who's won more than three majors. From 2008-15 they won 13 of 14 Slam finals.
6. In a span of 20 majors from 2003-2008, Serena only had two major wins. In a span of 20 majors from 2012-2017, they held up the trophy at 10.
7. Serena has four Olympic gold medals – one in singles (2012) and three in doubles. Venus is the only other tennis player with four golds.
8. One of the more remarkable stats for any athlete: There have been 24 other women ranked No. 1 in the 43-year history of the WTA rankings. Serena has defeated 20 of them. The only four they didn't beat were the ones who retired before their career began: Martina Navratilova, Chris Evert, Tracy Austin and Evonne Goolagong.
9. Serena has an overall record of 166-62 against players who've been ranked No. 1. Only Arantxa Sanchez Vicario has a winning record among those 20 players. They who won four of seven matches that were all played when Serena was a teenager. Serena has won 80% of their matches against eight No. 1 players.
10. While we're at it, Serena has a 54-7 record against players who topped out at No. 2.
11. Interestingly (at least to me), Serena is “only” 16-12 against players who were ranked No. 1 at the time of the match. Against players who were ranked higher than them at the time of the match (which includes all those No. 1s), Serena is a more robust 125-46.
12. In matches played this decade, Serena is 210-13 (.942) against players ranked outside the top 20. They don't fare all that much worse against women inside the top 20, sporting a 125-22 mark (.850) since the beginning of 2010.
13. Only 10 women have a winning record against Serena, most of whom defeated them in one match early in their career and never faced them again. There are only two players who've played Serena multiple times and carry a winning record: Sanchez Vicario and, you guessed it, Sybille Bammer, a contemporary who peaked at No. 19 in the WTA rankings and was 2-0 against Serena.
14. In 2009, Serena dropped four-straight matches. She wouldn't lose back-to-back matches for nine years, a streak that finally ended this spring in Miami.
15. Serena finished No. 13 on the WTA money list in 2017 even though they played just two tournaments before taking maternity leave.
16. Despite playing sporadically, at best, the Williams sisters have won 14 doubles majors, the most of any players of their era. Their haul has come in just 33 majors, meaning the tandem has won 42% of their starts. Also, they're a perfect 14-0 in Grand Slam finals (the best ever, as you'd expect) and 23-1 in any doubles tournament final.
17. The WTA (and its precursor) has been around since 1970, yet Serena is only two degrees removed from players around at its founding. They defeated Steffi Graf who defeated Chris Evert who defeated Billie Jean King, Rosie Casals and pretty much everybody of consequence from the early days of professional women's tennis.
18. Of the 127 other women in the French Open draw, only 22 have fewer losses than Serena Williams. This one's tough to wrap your head around, so bear with me: Serena turned pro in 1995, has played more matches than everybody in the draw except their sister and Svetlana Kuznetsova, and still only has 132 losses.
That's a total you'd find on a player in their early-20s, not one who'll be 37 this summer. To put it in context: Madison Keys, 23, is a top-10 player, Grand Slam finalist and arguably the most accomplished of the players with fewer losses than Serena. Them career record is 230-131 (one less loss, 653 fewer wins). Looking at Serena's contemporaries is equally amazing: Venus has the same exact amount of career wins with 95 more losses. Kuznetsova, a two-time major champion, has 154 fewer wins and 179 more losses.
19. Only 68 players have every won a match against Serena and just 23 have defeated their multiple times. Venus has defeated Serena the most, with 12 victories (against 17 losses).
20. Serena's favorite target: Maria Sharapova. Ever since a 17-year-old Sharapova stunned the tennis world with a defeat of Serena in the 2004 Wimbledon final, Serena has won 19 of their last 20 matches, including an active streak of 18-straight wins.
21. When Serena loses the first set of a match, she's almost as likely to win the match as they are to lose it. She's 90-92 in their career when dropping the first set.
22. If a match goes the distance, Serena wins more than 70% of the time, posting a 150-59 record in three setters.
23. Serena is the oldest woman to ever win a Grand Slam (she broke their own record last year) and be ranked No. 1. The 10 majors she's won since turning 30 are seven more than any other woman in history.
The University of Louisville is in a bit of trouble with authorities (more on that here if you somehow missed it) and because college kids are the best at trolling, when the Cardinals faced NC State in football on Thursday, Wolfpack fans were heard chanting three distinct letters: “FBI”. (You can hear them do that over at SB Nation).
Everyone except for Louisville fans thought this was pretty funny:
Louisville vs. NC State.. Adidas on Adidas crime. cc: @FBI — Ryan Easterling (@RyanEasterling) October 6, 2017
NC State fans with the "FBI" chant at Louisville pic.twitter.com/NDGsWjIDtD — NHammertime (@NHammertime) October 6, 2017
Damn NC State chanting FBI at Louisville is one of the most savage things of all time. — Jason Woodward (@JasonWoodwardjr) October 6, 2017
Drove to Raleigh to watch my team lose to NC State and listened to the Wolfpack fans chant “FBI”. It's a tough time to be a Cards fan. — Matthew Dilbeck (@Matt_Dilbeck) October 6, 2017
"NC State" rolling out with the FBI chant 😂😂. That college 🏀 crowd type sh*t right there. #LOUvsNCST — Sebastian (@Sebastian5706) October 6, 2017
Also, because of the rules of trolling another football team, this joke wouldn't have worked if NC State didn't hand Louisville a demoralizing 39-25 loss.
Read more about the game over at USA TODAY Sports.
(Thanks to SB Nation for sharing)
Aly Brown said they are heartbroken after losing their dog "Boo." They think the mini-poodle was taken by a coyote Saturday from their yard near Wigwam and Paseo Verde parkways.
"We think that maybe since our gate is right there, the coyote jumped on the wall and saw my dog right here and ran up, grabbed them and took them to the other side," Brown said.
When they got home they noticed their other dog, Storm, acting strangely. They searched all over for Boo, and eventually found them in their neighbor's backyard.
"He's right on the other side of the wall in the grass, and they were just dead and skinned," Brown said.
They said their veterinarian also suspected Boo had been attacked by a coyote.
"She said the coyote could have been rabid because they didn't take the dog to the rest of their pack, and they didn't eat our dog because all the muscle and everything was still there," Brown said.
Over near Green Valley Ranch, neighbors said they were also on edge after several have said they've seen coyotes over the last couple of weeks.
"I've heard one outside my wall when my dog and I were outside at night and we felt like it was going to jump over and get into the yard," said Suzy Miller. Miller looked into getting a coyote roller to help prevent coyotes from being able to get into their yard. But their HOA won't allow it, so for now she's keeping a close watch on their husky and poodle mix.
"I'm constantly out here with them. I'm even afraid to walk them. I carry mace, I have the garden hose ready every night. I won't let them out here by themselves," they said.
Brown also said she's not letting little storm out of them sight.
"Seeing what had happened to them was really hard for us so we don't want anyone else to go through what we're going through right now," Brown said.
Nevada Department of Wildlife officials said to help keep coyotes away from your home, don't ever feed them and make sure there's no trash or pet food in the yard. They said if a coyote comes close to you, use a method called "hazing" to help scare it away. You can yell at it, wave your arms, spray it with a hose, or throw something at it like a rock.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
ფოტო: CAUCASIANPOLITICS
25 years have passed since the war in Abkhazia. The military operations started in Abkhazia on August 14, 1992, when the Georgian Armed Forces entered the territory aiming to protect the railway.
The first shots were fired near the village of Okhurei, in Ochamchire municipality. On October 1, 1992, Abkhazian separatists, with the help of the Russian army and North Caucasian militants, attacked Gagra and occupied the city. Hundreds of Georgians died in ethnic cleansing in Gagra.
Various military actions occurred in Abkhazia and lasted until the Autumn of 1993. Russia signed several peace agreements and agreed on a ceasefire, however they all were violated by the Russian side.
In September 1993, the decisive battle for Abkhazia was held in Sokhumi. The encircled city was intensely bombed by Russian artillery and air forces.
On September 27, 1993, Sokhumi fell.
With the help of Russian political leadership and military units, various criminal groups killed approximately 30,000 Georgians. More than 250,000 Georgians were forced to leave Abkhazia.
The Russian Federation recognized the independence of Abkhazia in August 2008.
Michael McKee, Bloomberg News international economics and policy correspondent, discusses comments made by David Malpass, undersecretary for international affairs at the U.S. Treasury department, where they said that the U.S. had ended formal economic dialogues with China. Soon after, Malpass told reporters that they simply misspoke and that the department was still speaking with Chinese authorities. They speak with Bloomberg's Peter Barnes and Nathan Hager on Bloomberg Radio's "Politics, Policy, Power and Law."
This is a Bloomberg podcast. To download, watch or listen to this report now, click on the thumbnail/player on the sidebar.
Whiteville's 1938 municipal building will be demolished.
“They're going to be mad at us tonight, or in two weeks,” Mayor Terry Mann said Tuesday evening. Mann was referring to the Save City Hall group, which made another plea Tuesday to save the building, but would not provide specifics on their plans to finance renovations and operations of the structure.
On a motion by Councilman Robert Leder and a second by Jimmy Clarida, the board voted reluctantly but unanimously to instruct City Manager Darren Currie to start the process of planning the demolition of the building. The board soundly rejected a design for a new municipal building that was proposed by Oakley Collier Architects to replace the current structure.
The board also instructed Currie to start the process to sell the 1940s era home beside the municipal building. The house will be sold by sealed bid to be moved, or torn down and the lot cleared.
Check back with nrcolumbus.com for more on this story tomorrow, and get the full story in Thursday's print edition of the News Reporter.
A 23-MONTH-OLD child, who had not been conceived when their sister was tragically killed in a hit-and-run accident in Dublin's Phoenix Park on 6 April 2015, was today awarded “grief money” for their death.
Marcel Siatka was born on 25 May 2016 — one year and 47 days after their sister Vanessa died in what a trial judge then called the worst case of dangerous driving they had ever heard of.
Barrister Conor Kearney, counsel for Marcel and Vanessa's father Lukasz Siatka, told Judge Terence O'Sullivan in the Circuit Civil Court that the Injuries Board had assessed damages of €42,777 to be divided between Vanessa's surviving family and to include the cost of their funeral.
Kearney, who appeared with Suzanne McDonnell of McDonnell & Company Solicitors, said the Injuries Board had not, in its assessment, considered compensation for Marcel as they had not been born at the time of Vanessa's death.
Judge O'Sullivan heard that, under the provisions of the Civil Liability Act, Siatka had taken a claim on behalf of members of their family, including Marcel. Siatka, of Brandon Square, Waterville, Blanchardstown, Dublin 15, said Vanessa had a brother born more than a year after their death, who was not included in the assessment.
Kearney said the funeral, including a headstone, had cost €7,240 and the solatium, more commonly known as ‘tear money', had been assessed at €14,500 each for Vanessa's father Lukasz and their mother Katarzyna, with €2,000 each for three grandparents. There were also other expenses.
They said it was for the court to approve the assessment and the parents had stated that they had no difficulty with compensation, as decided by the court, being shared with Marcel, the brother Vanessa had not lived to know.
Judge O'Sullivan said it was not a particularly nice exercise to have to divide money between members of the family but they felt it would be appropriate to mark the fact that Marcel would undoubtedly make inquiries in the future about their sister and would experience grief for them loss.
They said the €6,000 allocated to the three grandparents should be reduced to €1,500 each so as to allow for Marcel to also receive €1,500, and they directed that Marcel's money be paid into court for their future benefit. They offered the court's sympathy to the family.
Dangerous driving
Ciaran Lane, the then 25-year-old hit-and-run driver, of Ashington Avenue on Dublin's Navan Road, pleaded guilty to dangerous driving causing Vanessa's death. They were jailed in April 2016 by Judge Patrick McCartan for seven years with the final two years suspended.
Garda Owen O'Doherty, of Cabra Garda Station, told the trial judge that the accident happened on Easter Sunday 2015 at a roundabout in the Phoenix Park. Vanessa, who was 23 months old at the time, had been standing next to their mother and the family's parked car when Lane, now aged 27, in a Toyota Corolla hit them at high-speed and dragged them for some metres.
The court heard that they drove off at speed but later gave themselves up to gardaí in Cabra. During the course of the sentencing hearing, evidence was given that Lane had consumed a litre of vodka and 2g of cocaine before taking to the road in their car with two friends that day.
Judge McCartan had heard that Lane had panicked and ignored the pleas of their friends to stop. When Lane heard about Vanessa's death it had hit them “like a tonne of bricks”.
Comments are closed for legal reasons.
Jagapathi Babu
Yes, we are talking about popular Telugu actor Jagapathi Babu, who entered Mollywood in style with the movie Pulimurugan. The actor, who essayed a character named Daddy Girija in Pulimurugan, emerged as a quite popular figure among the Malayalam film audiences. Later, they went on to play an important role in Pranav Mohanlal's debut movie Aadhi as well.
Jagapathi Babu In Mammootty's Upcoming Movie?
Yathra is an upcoming film of Mammootty, which marks the return of the actor to Tollywood after a gap of close to two decades. Mammootty plays the lead role in this film, which is the biopic of former Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy and according to the latest reports Jagapathi Babu is also a part of this movie.
Jagapathi Babu's Role In The Movie
Jagapathi Babu is a much popular face of the Telugu film industry. According to the reports that have surfaced, the popular actor has been roped in to play the role of YS Raja Reddy, the father of YS Rajasekhara Reddy. An official confirmation regarding the same is awaited.
The Shoot Of Yathra
Meanwhile, the shoot of Yathra is currently progressing in Hyderabad. The filming had commenced in the month of June itself. The much awaited film is being directed by young film-maker Mahi Raghav. Further details regarding the cast of the movie are being awaited.
Rockers Rob Zombie and Marilyn Manson have announced ticketing details for their co-headlining ‘Twins of Evil' tour.
The 29-date co-headlining North American summer tour produced by Live Nation will make a Las Vegas stop at the MGM Grand Garden Arena Saturday, Aug. 25 at 7 p.m. The pair of rock icons will perform in support of their recent albums.
Rob Zombie continuously challenges audiences as they stretch the boundaries of music. They have sold more than fifteen million albums worldwide across six studio albums and two live releases.
Marilyn Manson's sensationalist music and art that rejects conservative values created an icon who has infiltrated fashion, television, film and music, and whose fingerprints coat modern culture.
Tickets ranging in price from $45 to $99.50 (not including applicable service charges or fees) will go on sale to the general public beginning Saturday, March 24 at 10 a.m. (PST). You can buy them here.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Tensions continue to rise for San Diego's undocumented immigrants after President Donald Trump ordered a crackdown.
Some children said they are afraid their parents may be taken away and deported back to Mexico. But others told NBC 7, the law should be obeyed.
Now, some of the undocumented immigrants, including children, are seeking legal advice from immigration attorneys so they know their rights.
Alexis is an American citizen but their parents are not.
"My parents are undocumented. They could be separated," they told NBC 7. Their last name was not revealed.
On Tuesda night, they brought their mother, Evertina to Border Angels for a free consultation with an immigration attorney.
Last week, 160 arrests were made by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) in Southern California. ICE stated that most had a criminal history.
On Sunday, President Trump tweeted out, "The crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members, drug dealers & others are being removed!"
Many are standing behind the effort, such as Coronado resident, John Boben.
"If I made my way into a country illegally, I'd expect repercussions," they told NBC 7.
An ICE spokesperson said, in a statement, there has not been increased enforcement in recent weeks.
The California Highway Patrol, the San Diego Police Department and the San Diego County Sheriff's Department also released statements to NBC 7, saying that their officers and deputies will not stop and arrest individuals based on immigration law.
Preliminary information indicates a Portland police officer chased a vehicle at Denning Ford Road when the vehicle crashed.
At some point after the crash, which remained under investigation by Tennessee Bureau of Investigation agents, the officer shot the suspect, who was later identified as Matthew Warren, 25. Warren was taken to a Nashville hospital, where they remained Friday morning.
TBI agents are investigating the shooting at the request of 18th District Attorney Ray Whitley.
Julien Guntz produces beautiful visual and auditory journeys for horse lovers to experience unique locations all over the world, and their latest masterpiece is one of our favorites yet. We visit the German state stud of Marbach, steeped in 500 years of history and making winter look absolutely exquisite.
While eventers best know Marbach as the host site to one of Germany's key spring CIC3* events, the stud is hugely influential from a breeding standpoint. Throughout its history, Marbach bred the finest horses to help influence local stock, depending on need: heavy breeds were introduced to bolster working horses, followed by general-purpose breeds suitable to both farming and carriage work as well as riding, to post-war sport horses.
The farm is now recognized as the establishing base for the Baden-Württemberger (which is the breed of the one and only La Biosthetique Sam FBW), as well as host to a herd of fine Arabians and the Black Forest draught, all of which appear in the video.
Marbach hosts breed inspections and offers boarding opportunities; another farm campus at St. Johann offers retirement for aged equines. Marbach has become synonymous in Europe with fine breeding as well as education for both the rider and the breeder; the farm also welcomes thousands of tourists each year.
We're big fans of the work of Julien Guntz and we think you'll agree that their stunning videos provide an up-close-and-personal look at some of the biggest and best places our horse world has to offer. You can view a full list of their works by clicking here.
Why SpectraVET?
Reliable. Effective. Affordable.
SpectraVET is committed to providing only the highest-quality products and services to our customers, and to educating the world in the science and art of laser therapy.
We design and manufacture the broadest range of clinically-proven veterinary therapeutic laser products, which are represented and supported worldwide by our network of specialist distributors and authorized service centers.
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what they needed to boost their career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," they say.
But they couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. They own a house, they say, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, they signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Them MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if they were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," they say.
Even if they pass the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if they want to finish their graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. They quit their job in the oil industry to earn their master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, they think their on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," they say.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," they say. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ambulance staff have been bitten, stabbed and spat at, with six physical assaults on West Midlands Ambulance Service staff reported every week.
There have been 1,597 violent attacks on ambulance workers in the West Midlands since 2012, a major investigation by GMB, the union for ambulance workers, has revealed.
And 325 of these took place in the 12 months between April 1 2017 and March 31 2018. That's slightly more than six every week, on average.
Examples of violent attacks reported by GMB members include being bitten, stabbed, having blood spat at them by intravenous drug users, having bones broken, attempts to hit them with cars, and racist and sexual abuse.
The union revealed the shocking figures ahead of a crunch vote by MPs on tougher sentences for attacks on emergency workers.
GMB carried out Freedom of Information survey of employers after national reporting of physical assaults was ended when a body called NHS Protect was abolished last year.
It found 72 per cent of ambulance workers have been attacked while on duty, and 94 per cent were aware of attacks on their colleagues.
'I was bitten by a patient'
In a recent incident, a paramedic was treated for their injuries after being bitten by a patient - raising questions over whether 999 crews should be armed.
The issue of whether mercy crews should be handed protective spray or "defensive weapons" arose after David Lynch, who has worked for West Midlands Ambulance Service for nine years, was attacked at a Staffordshire hospital.
It happened hours before paramedics were confronted by a woman who gave them a volley of abuse and left a vile note demanding they moved their ambulance during a 999 call.
Mr Lynch told how the man 'presented themselves at hospital' before lashing out at staff.
'I couldn't give a s**t if the whole street collapses'
(Image: PA)
Just hours after the incident where the paradmedic was bitten, West Midlands paramedics answering a 999 call were stunned to receive an angry note demanding they move their ambulance.
A neighbour was said to have be enraged after crews blocked their street in Stoke-on-Trent.
They ordered them to move their ambulance – and left a note saying: “I don't give a s**t if the whole street collapses”.
Kirsty Sharman was ordered to pay a £285 fine, at North Staffordshire Justice Centre, Newcastle-under-Lyme, Staffs, on February 20.
Assault over parking
A West Midlands Ambulance Service paramedic recently alleged an assault on a Birmingham street in a row about where an ambulance was parked.
The incident related to parallel parking, according to a paramedic on Twitter.
They were first responder to a 999 emergency in Sparkhill to tend to a woman with chest pain when they were attacked.
However, after braving the snow and freezing conditions, the unnamed paramedic was injured and crewmate, Tasha Starkey, said they were threatened and verbally abused.
Tasha, of West Midlands Ambulance Service tweeted about the ordeal.
They wrote: "We haven't had a good morning unfortunately myself and my crewmate were threatened, verbally abused... my crewmate was assaulted."
(Image: Twitter)
Woman tells paramedics to move ambulance - and says: 'I don't give a s**t if the street collapses'
What the GMB survey said
The union's survey of over 500 ambulance staff across the UK found that:
21 per cent of ambulance staff had to take sick leave due to violent assaults
37 per cent have considered leaving their job due to the threat of violence
Almost half (48 per cent) said the support offered by their employer was ‘inadequate'
Reports of violent assaults against health workers to the Health and Safety Executive (HSE) increased by 20 per cent between 2012/13 and 2016/17, the investigation found.
To be reported to the HSE, an attack must result in seven days or more off work, or a “specified” injury which can include fractures, amputation, loss of sight, brain damage, loss of consciousness and asphyxiation.
GMB is backing proposed new legislation that would introduce a new offence of common assault against an emergency worker and require courts to treat attacks on emergency workers as an aggravating factor for sentencing purpose.
The Assaults on Emergency Workers (Offences) Bill 2017-19 is due to be debated on Friday, April 27.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
However, sexual assaults are not currently covered by the Bill. GMB's investigation revealed that reported sexual assaults and other sexually abusive incidents nationwide increased by 211 per cent between 2012/13 and 2016/17.
Kevin Brandstatter, GMB NHS National Officer, said: “No one should be told that facing violence is just ‘part of the job'. The number of attacks faced by ambulance workers as they try to save lives is beyond unacceptable.
“Our members do their jobs with complete professionalism - but everyone has their breaking point.
“As lone working becomes more common and cuts to service bite, ambulance workers are increasingly vulnerable to violence in the line of duty.
“Changing the law will be an important first step as current sentences aren't providing an adequate deterrent.
“MPs must back emergency workers by backing this crucial legislation on Friday and widening its scope to include sexual assaults.
“The best laws will only be effective if they are enforced. Ambulance workers are there we when the public need them – and now they need us all to stand up for them.”
By Music News Group
NetflixYou'll be able to see Brad Paisley flexing their funny bone this week: their new Netflix comedy special premieres on Tuesday.
Reba McEntire and Baywatch‘s David Hasselhoff will be on hand for Brad Paisley's Comedy Rodeo, as well as comedians Nate Bargatze, John Heffron, Jon Reep, Sarah Tiana, and Mike E. Winfield.
“I've been hosting a stand-up comedy night at the Nashville Comedy Festival for the last few years and Netflix approached us to film it,” Brad says. “It's been fun to come up with bits and incorporate some stand-up comedians that really fit my audience. It's going to be fun to see it come together in the one-hour special.”
The show was taped earlier this year at Zanies Comedy Club in Nashville. You can check out the trailer for Brad Paisley's Comedy Rodeo on YouTube.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Music News
To quote Ringo Starr, “I'm certain that it happens all the time.”
By John E. McNellis, Principal at McNellis Partners, for The Registry:
One truth that bears learning is this: News is very seldom as good—or as bad—as it first appears. Even when it comes out of Washington, D.C. If you exult over making a fistful of money, you will soon recall that half goes to the government; when you lose your shirt, your accountant will remind you of its deductibility and the government's share in your folly.
Two months ago, we bought a Rite Aid drugstore in northern California. Now, we're replacing our acquisition financing with long-term debt. As with every real estate loan in America, our lender is requiring a Phase I environmental report to verify the property is free of hazardous materials. Because shopping centers are typically constructed on raw fields or farmland, only two types of underground contaminants usually bedevil them: gasoline and dry-cleaning solvents. That is to say, contamination of retail centers almost invariably comes from within, from their own leaking gas stations and dry cleaners.
From this common knowledge, veteran retail buyers work off a rough syllogism along these lines: Almost all old dry cleaners leak; my center has an old dry cleaner; I sure as hell better have mine tested. And, conversely, even the most prudent buyer will be unconcerned with contaminants if their property went from farm to drug store, if neither it nor its neighboring properties ever housed a gas station or dry cleaners and if no toxic spill or environmental clean-up has ever been reported in the surrounding neighborhood.
This was the precise situation with our Rite Aid, causing us to be less worried about contamination issues than ballistic missile strikes. But we still needed a Phase I environmental report. As you know, a Phase I is simply a research paper that sets forth a given site's historical uses, and whether any contaminants are known or suspected to be affecting it. If a site has no history of uses giving rise to the possibility of contamination, if nothing in the public record suggests contamination from a nearby source, the Phase I concludes that no further action is required.
Given our site's history, the environmental consultants should have given it a clean bill of health. Instead, they found that the presence of a dry cleaner (one with no known history of spills or contamination) two parcels away from ours was enough to warrant drilling our property. This irresponsibly cautious conclusion could have blown the loan and caused us a small world of grief. Fortunately, our lenders are the best in the business and they concluded that, rather than drilling our property, we should boot the consultant.
Why was this consulting firm overly cautious? Was it trying to get more business for itself or was it reacting to the relentless march to the sea of environmental regulations?
It's fair to say the goal of most governmental regulations is well-intended, even high-minded. For the sake of argument, you might even concede that the majority of regulations—e.g. requiring hard hats on construction sites—are good rules. But it only takes one burr under the saddle to make a horse buck.
Protecting the public from known cancer risks is a noble aspiration. It is in the implementation of this goal, deep down in the bureaucratic trenches, where needless economic tragedy occurs. If the devil is in the regulation, hell is in its interpretation, especially where bureaucrats have little understanding of the business they're regulating. Is the public truly at risk from trace amounts of undisturbed contaminants thirty feet below an asphalt-sealed surface?
Until last year, environmental regulations over hazardous waste were becoming increasingly stringent, the actionable levels of dry cleaning solvents, tetrachloroethylene, trichloroethylene and their kin (collectively, “perc”) approaching damn near zero parts per billion. Do deals blow over environmental reports? Every day. Can a shopping center be cast into economic purgatory by requiring a horizon-less remediation of a spill that everyone save the regulators considers inconsequential? To quote Ringo Starr, I'm certain that it happens all the time.
A couple of months ago, I attended a gathering of a couple hundred real estate entrepreneurs. One speaker, a Texan whose name you would recognize, addressed the group with a rosy outlook for the next several years. They said, “With this president, you can be sure of at least two things: Taxes sure as hell aren't going up, and we're not getting any new regulations.” Despite the preponderance of liberals in the assembly, a couple hundred heads nodded in agreement.
In fact, the whole business world has been nodding in agreement, the stock market is on a tear based in no small part upon this knowledge, the economy is roaring, real wages are rising and unemployment is inching ever lower. The news out of Washington is not all bad. Give the devil their due; the economic news is good, and it's not all a serendipitous coincidence. And if the administration would somehow pick out the ridiculously-implemented burrs while leaving the hard hats in place (yes, given its scorched-earth approach, that's highly unlikely), the news would be that much better. By John E. McNellis, author of Making It in Real Estate: Starting Out as a Developer. The article was first published on The Registry.
The lowest hanging fruit of them all: Airbnb and its ilk. Read… How to Face the Housing Crisis in Expensive Cities
Would you like to be notified via email when WOLF STREET publishes a new article? Sign up here.
USB Type-C is the way of the future, and the new port can already be found in a vast array of laptops, phones, tablets, and other devices. But if you're like me, you probably have a ton of microUSB cables collected over the years, but hardly any Type-C cables. If that sounds familiar, you're in luck, because we've partnered with BrexLink to giveaway 15 packs of the company's Type-C USB 3.0 cables and Type-C to microUSB adapters.
USB 3.0 Type-C cable
It can be a massive pain to pick out the right USB Type-C cable. They often have varying speeds (with a few even maxing out at USB 2.0, gross!) and you have to make sure they won't fall apart with normal use. BrexLink's ICONIC cables can handle the full 5Gbps data stream that USB 3.0 allows, and the seamless molded joint and braided cable makes the cord far more durable than the average cheap Type-C cable.
In case you aren't one of the lucky winners, you'll still be happy to know that you can buy one of these cables for just $7.19 on Amazon, when you use the coupon code APGIV005 at checkout. That's a 20% savings over the usual price! You can also use the same code on the 2-pack, which brings the price down to $9.59.
USB-C to MicroUSB adapter
Just because there's a new port on the block, doesn't mean you need to throw away all your cables. BrexLink has a solution for that too: a Type-C to microUSB adapter. As you can probably guess, this handy tool lets you use your existing microUSB cables with your Type-C devices.
You won't get the advantages of real Type-C cables, such as 3A charging and USB 3.0 data transfer speeds, but this is a great way to get more use out of your existing cords. If you doesn't win a few in the below contest, the adapter is sold in a four-pack on Amazon for just $5.99 with coupon code APGIV005.
Giveaway
This giveaway will run from Friday, October 6 to Monday, October 9. Every winner will get four of the USB 3.0 Type-C cables, and four of the microUSB adapters. This contest is only open to United States residents, but we're picking 15 winners. You can enter below - good luck!
BrexLink Type-C cable + Type-C/MicroUSB adapter Giveaway
Inmates for years have thought of ingenious — and sometimes very compromising ways — to sneak contraband inside prison walls. They've bribed guards, used carrier pigeons, had relatives put the goods in body cavities and, of course, who can forget a classic routine: baking a file into a cake.
But modern technology is quickly making life easier for inmates — and less uncomfortable for family and friends — looking to smuggle illicit goods onto prison grounds.
Corrections officials across the U.S. have reported an uptick in the last few years of drones flying over penitentiary walls to deliver everything from cigarettes and pornography to drugs and weapons to inmates.
More on this…
Prison officials in Michigan last spring found a small toy drone on the grounds of the Charles Egeler Reception and Guidance Center. While the drone was too small to haul in any contraband, officials said that it was probably used to probe the jails defenses and security for a future mission.
“It's funny because it's truly a toy that came over. But in the larger sense, it is a very serious incident,” Michigan Department of Corrections spokesperson Chris Gautz told Prison Legal News.
The incident in Michigan was followed by similar instances in Oklahoma, Ohio, South Carolina and Georgia to name a few, and has led some state officials to call for a revamping of prison facilities and tactics to go after these midair menaces.
A piece of legislation currently bouncing around Washington state's capitol building would make flying a drone within 1,000 feet of the perimeter of a correctional facility without permission a Class C felony. Similar legislation has been introduced in Michigan — as Senate Bills 487 and 488 — making it a felony to operate drones within 1,000 feet of a prison.
One of the most popular drones on the market — the DJI Phantom 4 — clocks in at a total weight of 3 pounds and can fly at least 4 miles away from its operator without losing its video stream or remote controls. While the Phantom can carry just over 1 pound while in flight, its beefier brother, the DJI S900, has a maximum payload of just under 7 pounds — meaning that anyone look to drop around $2,000 can deliver a sizable care package to their buddies on the inside.
In the spring of 2015, South Carolina announced that extensive resources would be implemented to prevent drones from accessing state prisons — including building new watch towers for guards to more easily spot approaching drones. This move came shortly after guards at the Lee Correctional Institution discovered a downed drone during a routine perimeter check that had crashed while carrying cellphones, marijuana and tobacco over prison walls.
The issue of drones invading prisons isn't solely a problem in the U.S.
Prisons in Canada, Brazil, Russia, Australia, Thailand, Greece and England are all struggling to combat the rise of the relatively inexpensive robotics.
Canadian officials are draping nets over perimeter fences or walls to thwart drones, while law enforcement in Ireland is going old school with wires and sharp eyes to hunt down any approaching drones.
The United Kingdom announced earlier this week the formation of a “specialist squad” that will be tasked with investigating drone smuggling nationwide and passing that information down to local-level officers to act on.
The threat of drones is not just limited to prisons, as countries across the globe are on the lookout for terrorists and other criminal groups using the evolving technology to carry out deadly attacks.
Following incidents of drones flying over the presidential palace and restricted military sites — along with the deadly 2015 Paris terror attacks — the French Air Force has trained four golden eagles to intercept and destroy the rogue aircraft.
Video
Pupils at Ormsgill Primary School invited elderly people to enjoy a day at their school.
They spent time with the children and were treated to a meal and a tour of the school with the aim of helping combat loneliness.
Price of Bitcoin Surges Past the $10,000 Barrier
The price of bitcoin surged through $10,000 on Wednesday, adding to its ten-fold jump in value this year and fueling a debate as to whether the virtual currency is gaining mainstream acceptance or is merely a bubble waiting to burst.
The cost of buying one bitcoin as measured by the website Coindesk rocketed 10 percent through $10,000 early Wednesday and hit a high of $11,377 -- having started the year below $1,000.
The vertiginous rise in the price of bitcoin and other virtual currencies this year has divided the financial community on their merits and whether -- or when -- the value might come crashing back down.
The CEO of JPMorgan Chase has called bitcoin a "fraud," as it is not based on anything other than software code and is not backed by any monetary authority.
Other executives, including International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde, say virtual currencies should not be dismissed and could have useful applications, such as a means of payment in countries with unstable currencies.
Some countries, like China, have tried to stifle bitcoin exchanges. But in a move that gave further credibility to the virtual currency, the U.S. exchange operator CME Group said last month that it plans to open a futures market for the currency before the end of the year, if it can get approval from regulators.
Bitcoin was created about a decade ago as an alternative to government-issued currencies. Transactions allow anonymity, which has made it popular with people who want to keep their financial activity, and their identities, private.
The digital coins are created by so-called "miners," who operate computer farms that verify other users' transactions by solving complex mathematical puzzles. These miners receive bitcoin in exchange. Bitcoin can be converted to cash when deposited into accounts at prices set in online trading.
Whereas virtual currencies were initially used primarily as a method of payment, in recent months they have become a hot investment among speculators.
Daniele Bianchi, an assistant professor of finance at the Warwick Business School in England, says that the price increases are due to rising demand but also to the fact that the supply of bitcoins is kept fixed. There are currently only 21 million that can be mined in total.
Bianchi also noted that trading in bitcoin is becoming more professional and open to the general public. They believe virtual currencies are "here to stay" and expects the price to rise higher still.
"The increasing demand pressure from investors and speculators makes the case for an even further increase in bitcoin prices in the near future," they said.
Others are far more skeptical.
Neil Wilson, a senior market analyst at ETX Capital in London, says bitcoin is "following the playbook for a speculative bubble to the letter."
A new market enjoys a boom when professional investors start entering the market. That's followed by euphoria as others rush in to partake in the gains. Wilson says bitcoin could rise a lot further, but says it is merely a question of when, not if, the bubble bursts.
"This sort of thing never, ever lasts," they said.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
NEW YORK – Some small-business owners looking for customers are following the nation's changing demographics – literally. They're moving long distances to places like Florida, Arizona and California, expecting retiring baby boomers to migrate to warmer climates.
Jeff Tremblay relocated to Florida to open a senior care business after living 25 years in northern New Jersey. Their Synergy HomeCare franchise helps seniors with tasks like housekeeping, cooking, shopping and daily personal care.
“I thought, if I'm going to do this business, it really makes sense to go where everyone else is retiring,” Tremblay says. He'd owned self-storage and construction businesses before, but had relatives in the senior care business and decided it was a good next step.
Tremblay looked at demographic figures before deciding where to settle, and found that the Sarasota, Florida, area is expected to have strong growth in the coming years. They opened their business April 1.
Other small-business owners see the possibilities. In a survey of Florida owners by TD Bank, nearly 30 percent in the central part of the state and a quarter of those in the southern part cited the growing retiree population as a business opportunity.
Businesses like home health care providers, restaurants, cleaning services and lawn maintenance companies are those most likely to be needed by retirees, says Jay Desmarteau, a business banking executive at TD Bank.
In Florida, Tremblay discovered a community of company owners who serve seniors and help one another out. While their employees offer part-time and full-time care to seniors, clients may need other services. So Tremblay relies on transportation companies to deliver food to their clients and chauffeur them to doctor appointments.
The senior population across the country is expected to soar in the coming decade and beyond as baby boomers born between 1946 and 1964 retire. Warm-weather states are forecast to have tremendous growth:
• Florida officials estimate that by 2030, the number of people 65 and over will have increased about 80 percent from 2010 census figures, reaching about 6 million.
• Arizona estimates that its population 65 and over will grow 60 percent to more than 1.7 million people by 2030 from current levels.
• California projects its senior population in 2030 will more than double from 2010, rising to more than 8.6 million.
Even if an entrepreneur is familiar with an area, they do research before they uproot themselves. Scotty Bailey had spent 30 years in consumer lending in Mississippi, but vacationed every year in the Florida Panhandle.
“I've seen it develop and grow and could see where it was headed,” Bailey says.
When they grew tired of their work and thought about starting a business, they looked at population and housing trends and found that retirees were moving into the Santa Rosa Beach, Florida, area. Bailey decided that buying a Tikiz Shaved Ice & Ice Cream truck would be a good business – not only would the growing number of residents want ice cream, retirees would also want to treat their grandchildren. In the three months since they began operating the truck, they estimate that 40 percent of the purchases have been made by retirees.
Rob Dunn and their wife moved to Yuma, Arizona, from South Carolina in 2013 – also to open a franchise of Synergy, which describes the industry as the fastest-growing in the nation. The Dunns chose Arizona after an exploratory trip in December 2012 because they saw plenty of older people, but fewer home care businesses than in Florida.
They also noticed car after car with license plates from places like Alberta and Saskatchewan – Canadian provinces known for long, hard winters. Along with the rising number of U.S. citizens moving to the state, thousands of so-called snowbirds go to Arizona for part of the year to escape the harsh weather.
“You never see many young persons in the area. We knew right away it was a good place for us,” says Dunn, who spent 22 years selling cars.
A lifestyle change was the main reason why Bob and Stacey Clarke wanted to move from the rural city of La Grande, Oregon. But Bob Clarke, a financial adviser, was also looking for an area with a large and wealthy senior population, reasoning that they would be able to build a successful practice. Stacey Clarke, a podiatrist as well as a wealth manager, also expected to do well.
The couple settled on the Palm Springs, California, area. Bob Clarke estimates 95 percent of their clients are retirees and their income has increased 40 percent since the move.
“It was overwhelmingly a good choice,” Clarke says.
We found out who adopted him, and that another baby is on the way…
Emmerdale has revealed more about the fate of Charity Dingle's son they believed died at birth 27 years ago, along with a new bombshell from their abuser DI Bails after a showdown where they told them about their teenage pregnancy.
Advertisement
Yesterday's flashback episode showed 14 year-old Charity forced to work as a prostitute by corrupt cop Mark Bails as part of their sleazy underage sex ring, resulting in them falling pregnant and escaping to give birth in hospital under a fake name.
Doctors battled to save the newborn's life when complications arose but when it looked like the tot hadn't made it, panicked Charity fled the hospital and never returned – not realising the child survived.
Tonight's episode saw Charity track down Irene Stocks, the midwife who looked after them back in 1990 when they were a scared, vulnerable pregnant teenager. Charity hoped she'd remember them and have information on what happened to their baby, and if there was any physical evidence to prove they were Bails's son so they could be prosecuted for rape.
Irene claimed Charity had the wrong person as they were on a secondment from the hospital at that time, just as a stunned Charity faced Bails who was at the hospital for an ante natal appointment with their pregnant wife – horrified their abuser was having another child, Charity told them about their teenage pregnancy and later decided it was time to involve the police and report Bails for their crimes.
The episode ended with Irene the midwife back at home pulling out a document that revealed they had been lying earlier and had actually adopted Charity's baby herself.
Adoption papers for ‘Ryan Stocks' from 26 years ago confirm the child's fate following today's announcement James Moore has been cast as Ryan and would be making their debut next week when the character is reunited with their biological mum.
But why did Ryan's adoptive mother lie to Charity? Will Bails turn out to be their father? And will the corrupt cop finally end up behind bars?
Advertisement
Visit our dedicated Emmerdale page for all the latest news, interviews and spoilers.
Apple Fixes HomeKit Bug that Left Smart Gadgets Vulnerable
Apple has been forced to fix a security hole within its HomeKit smart home system that could have allowed hackers to unlock users' smart locks or other devices.
The bug within iOS 11.2 permitted unauthorized remote control of HomeKit-enabled devices. Such devices include smart lights, plugs and other gadgets, but also includes smart locks and garage door openers.
An Apple spokesperson said: “The issue affecting HomeKit users running iOS 11.2 has been fixed. The fix temporarily disables remote access to shared users, which will be restored in a software update early next week.”
The company said the temporary fix was made server side, meaning that users do not have to do anything for it to take effect, but also that it breaks some functionality of the system.
The vulnerability, disclosed to 9to5Mac, required at least one iPad, iPhone or iPod Touch running the latest software version iOS 11.2 to have connected to the iCloud account associated with the HomeKit system. Previous versions of iOS appear not to have been affected. To exploit the bug the attackers would need to know the email address associated with the Apple ID of the homeowner and knowledge of how the system worked.
Experts said that while issues with smart-home systems such as this impact consumer confidence in smart locks and other security devices, traditional locks can also be easily undermined with traditional picking techniques.
The security bug is just the latest in a series of issues affecting Apple's software on both its iPhone and Mac computers. Since November, iPhone and iPad users have been plagued with bugs affecting the autocorrect system, including issues typing the word “it” and the letter “I”, having it replaced with odd symbols.
Apple was also forced to apologize after a serious security flaw that allowed anyone to take control of a Mac running the latest version of macOS High Sierra with a blank password was revealed. The company rushed out a fix for the security bug, which then broke the file sharing system, which itself needed fixing in a later software update.
“We greatly regret this error and we apologize to all Mac users, both for releasing with this vulnerability and for the concern it has caused. Our customers deserve better,” Apple said at the time.
© 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Product shots by Apple.
The Saskatchewan government says it's willing to look at current trespass laws that put the onus on landowners to post their land to keep others out.
“Maybe it should be the other way around,” said Justice Minister Don Morgan after a bear pit session during the Saskatchewan Association of Rural Municipalities annual convention.
“I think that would be a potential discussion.”
That would mean those who want to enter private land would have to ask permission. The province has a Trespass to Property Act that makes it an offence to enter land if the owner objects either verbally or by posting signs.
ADVERTISEMENT
However, other legislation that governs snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles and hunting do allow access to some lands.
Arlynn Kurtz, reeve of the RM of Fertile Belt, told the cabinet that the current law needs more teeth.
“If I want to enter somebody's property, I should go down the driveway, I should go to the door and state why I'm there and what I need,” they said.
Neither Morgan nor Premier Scott Moe, who also addressed the issue, would commit to changes, but they said they would at least have the discussion.
Environment Minister Dustin Duncan said they have heard both sides of the issue when it comes to hunting access.
“We've sent surveys out to landowners and hunters on this specific issue about written permission,” they said.
The Saskatchewan Wildlife Federation and other landowner organizations are also surveying people on the issue. Surveys were included in SARM delegate packages.
Two years ago SARM delegates voted in favour of resolutions that would require hunters to ask permission to hunt on unposted land.
ADVERTISEMENT
Others say that is a challenge because farms are larger and often unoccupied.
Contact karen.briere@producer.com
Leah Remini and Kevin James will reunite for the season finale of Kevin's new show, “Kevin Can Wait.” What was the name of the show the two previously did together?
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mrs Trump did not attend a fitness day event at the White House on Wednesday
US First Lady Melania Trump, not seen in public since a hospital operation this month, has sought to scotch rumours about their health and marriage.
"Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family," a tweet posted on their account said.
Gossip has mounted in the 20 days since they were last seen, with President Donald Trump as they welcomed home three US detainees from North Korea.
The White House has already dismissed claims about the Trumps' relationship.
On Twitter, some suggested their husband actually wrote the tweet that appeared on their account on Wednesday.
Skip Twitter post by @FLOTUS I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing. Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people! — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) May 30, 2018 Report
On 14 May, the White House said Mrs Trump, 48, would be admitted to the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center near Washington DC for "an embolisation procedure to treat a benign kidney condition".
"The procedure was successful and there were no complications," a statement from the White House said after their release on 20 May.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Ivanka Trump attended Wednesday's White House event in their stepmother's absence
But their five-day hospital stay for what was described as a relatively minor surgery did little to stop tongues wagging.
The Slovenian native has not been pictured since then, and has only released one previous tweet referring to their medical treatment.
Wild theories have circulated online, including that Mrs Trump has moved back to New York with their son, Barron, or that they are co-operating with special counsel Robert Mueller.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mr Trump swings a golf club during Wednesday's event on the White House lawn
After they skipped the White House Sports and Fitness Day at the White House on Wednesday - an event heavily promoted by former First Lady Michelle Obama - the speculation only intensified.
Ivanka Trump, the president's daughter and senior adviser, addressed the audience instead.
On Tuesday, the first lady's spokesperson, Stephanie Grisham, told Politico: "Sadly, we deal with conspiracy theories all the time, so this is nothing new, just more silly nonsense.
"She is doing great. I wouldn't characterise it as a long absence. They were hospitalised for almost a week and is now home and recovering."
During their hospital stay, Mrs Trump tweeted about a school shooting in Texas, a Navy Seal who was awarded a Medal of Honor, and in support of the military on Memorial Day.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Mrs Trump (left) was last seen welcoming home former US prisoners from North Korea on 10 May
They earlier this month launched Be Best, an initiative to teach kindness to children.
Weeks ago, the White House rebutted claims the first lady was living away from the White House because they and the president were supposedly estranged.
Image copyright AFP
The Washington Post reported on rumours that Mrs Trump was living with their parents, Amalija Knavs and Viktor Knavs, in a Washington suburb.
Such political gossip is as cyclical in the nation's capital as its cherry blossoms.
Unfounded claims were spread in Washington social circles during the last administration that President Barack Obama had filed for divorce from Mrs Obama.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
NBC 7's Dave Summers investigates the amount of money collected by undocumented workers who do not receive any of the social security benefits. (Published Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017)
Billions of dollars in Social Security and Medicare tax money is contributed by undocumented immigrants each year and under current law, undocumented workers are prohibited from reaping their share of the benefits.
Based on the Social Security Chief Actuary's most recent records obtained by NBC 7 Investigates, undocumented workers, paid at least $12 billion into Social Security in 2010 alone. These payroll contributions are collected the same way all employee deductions are paid.
Undocumented workers though, who don't work for cash, must give their employers a fake Social Security number and while the federal government knows who they are, there is no effort to use that data to deport them.
"I'm not expecting anything,” Maria said. “I know that once I retire, I know that I am not going to get any of this money I am contributing to this country back. As a person who lives in this beautiful country, I need to contribute. I need to do my best to get this done right."
Maria is not their real name but because they are an undocumented Guatemalan immigrant living in the U.S., we are protecting their identity. Seventeen years ago, they said they crossed the border, pregnant, with three small children in tow.
 They are part of a don't know, don't tell tax and social security collection process.
"It makes you sick,” Pablo Mora, a tax advisor said. “It's so absurd."
Sixty percent of their clients are undocumented workers, including Maria. They said after 16 years of working housekeeping and kitchen jobs, Maria and their employers contributed over $53,000 to Social Security and Medicare. They also pay state and local taxes and if their immigration status stays the same, upon retirement, she'll be entitled to none of it.
In the mid 90's, the IRS began recognizing the undocumented worker population by issuing them Individual Taxpayer Identification Numbers or ITIN. It doesn't change their immigration status or work authorization, but it does make them tax compliant.
"I believe that we need to follow the law,” Maria said. “The law in this country is we need to report our income and pay taxes.”
Following the law, can pay off when seeking legal status according to retired Immigration Judge, Paul Schmidt of Washington D.C.
In an email, they said, “reasonable tax compliance is usually a requirement in adjustment of status or cancellation of removal cases that result in green cards."
NBC 7 Investigates obtained the most recent IRS data. It shows, in 2016, there were nearly 4.5 million ITIN tax returns filed nationwide. The Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy estimates the state of California collects $3.1 billion in state and local taxes from undocumented immigrant workers.
Under federal law, taxpayer and return information, except in certain circumstances, cannot be shared with other government agencies, including Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
In an email to NBC 7 Investigates, an IRS Spokesman said, "the IRS has a strong process in place to protect the confidentiality of taxpayer information and this includes information related to tax returns filed using ITIN."
“They could get rid of them but if they think they are productive individuals which I think they are, they should solve this issue,” Mora said.
Since ITIN numbers are not the same as Social Security numbers, Mora said they don't address the Social Security and Medicare contributions dilemma.
“There is this vague idea, as if now because I have an ITIN number my contribution has been put aside for me,” they said. “Which is not true."
Undocumented workers receive the same benefits from state and local taxes as all citizens do but they cannot use an ITIN to collect social security or Medicare.
In an email to NBC 7 Investigates Social Security's Regional Communications Director Patricia Raymond said, contributions paid without social security numbers that match their files are kept track of in what's called a suspense file. The actual funds are added to regular social security coffers and used to pay those with legitimate earnings. Suspense file information, they said, is kept for a long time while SSA continues to locate correct numbers and names.
“You can't play with people that way,” Mora said. “You can not exploit people. They're, sorry to say the word, they are stealing.”
Maria said they go about their work day with the same enthusiasm even without the promise of the retirement she's paid into. They said she's speaking up now so their grown children might have a retirement of their own.
"I just hope this message touches people's hearts,” they said.
Video
Footage of the man who shot dead two police officers and a civilian in the Belgian city of Liège shows them walking around with two guns.
Not many are aware but Preity Zinta and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan are best friends. Not just Aish, Preity is also very close to their hubby Abhishek Bachchan.
Recently, Preity Zinta shared a lovely throwback picture with Aishwarya Rai Bachchan on their Instagram account. Check it out below.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
LAS VEGAS (CBSMiami/AP) — Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock's arsenal of firepower included tracer rounds that can improve a shooter's firing accuracy in the dark, a law enforcement official told The Associated Press on Friday.
It wasn't clear whether Paddock fired any of the illuminated bullets during the high-rise massacre Sunday night, but their purchase of 1,000 rounds provided more evidence of how methodically they planned the attack that killed 58 people and injured nearly 500.
Paddock bought the .308-caliber and .223-caliber tracer ammunition from a private buyer they met at a Phoenix gun show, a law enforcement official not authorized to comment on the investigation said on condition of anonymity.
Tracer rounds illuminate their path so a gunman can home in on targets at night. But they can also give away the shooter's position.
Video shot of the pandemonium that erupted when Paddock started strafing the country music festival showed a muzzle flash from their 32nd-floor room at the Mandalay Bay resort, but bullets weren't visible in the night sky.
Paddock's preparations included requesting an upper-floor room overlooking the festival, stockpiling 23 guns, a dozen of them modified to fire continuously like an automatic weapon, and setting up cameras inside and outside their room to watch for approaching officers.
In a possible sign they were contemplating massacres at other sites, they also booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September, according to authorities reconstructing their movements leading up to the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Investigators have yet to figure out what drove them to violence. The 64-year-old high-stakes gambler killed themselves as police closed in on their room.
A federal official said authorities are looking into the possibility Paddock planned additional attacks, including a car bombing. The official wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity.
Paddock had 1,600 rounds of ammunition in their car, along with fertilizer that can be used to make explosives and 50 pounds of “Tannerite,” a commonly used term to describe a substance used in explosive rifle targets.
Their girlfriend, Marilou Danley, told FBI agents Wednesday that they had not noticed any changes in their mental state or indications they could become violent, the federal official said.
Paddock sent Danley on a trip to their native Philippines before the attack, and they were unaware of their plans and devastated when they learned of the carnage while overseas, they said in a statement.
(TM and © Copyright 2017 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
By Colin Flanders
Estimating 2,000 new workers and residents will flock to Essex over the next decade, a consultant is suggesting the town levy a fee on new development to generate funds for pedestrian infrastructure.
The town could impose the impact fee as a condition of issuing local permits for both residential and nonresidential development and use those funds to match state and federal grants, said engineer Jonathan Slason of the Resource Systems Group.
Public works director Dennis Lutz said the fee would create consistency for developers and allow the town more flexibility.
“It doesn't really do us any good if the approval says build a sidewalk out on the end of Old Stage Road,” Lutz said. “Who the heck is going to use it? Four houses and they go off a cliff at the end? It doesn't make any sense. But should they pay an impact fee where we could use that put a path or sidewalk along Route 15 … that's part of the argument.”
Slason joined Lutz at Monday's selectboard meeting to share findings from a report on the town's current walkway infrastructure that their firm performed with the Chittenden County Regional Planning Commission. The village of Essex Jct. was not included.
The town owns and maintains about 52 miles of sidewalks and shared paths, the report shows, and budgets an average $40,000 annually – money often leveraged to match grants. The town also budgets $20,000 to maintain the existing networks.
Slason said long-range growth forecasts show the town growing by about 600 new residents and 1,400 new workers over the next decade.
“If we're only putting in the amount of money that we have today allocated to sidewalks, we're simply not going to be able to afford to build the amount of sidewalk linear feet that population would deserve based on their current expectation of standards,” Slason said.
Vermont law authorizes municipalities to levy impact fees on new development to allocate the cost of new capital facilities to those that will benefit from them.
To help keep pace with the town's growth, Slason suggested creating a fee structure based on the projected level of use, estimating residents use pedestrian networks about four times more than workers.
Combining this with growth projections levels allowed Slason to calculate a fiscal responsibility for each cohort: 64 percent for residential and 36 percent for nonresidential.
Nonresidential development would pay based on size, while residential development would pay on a per-bedroom basis, which the report asserts is a more progressive approach since data shows houses with fewer bedrooms typically have fewer residents and generate less demand on the transportation infrastructure.
Using the town's 2015 Bicycle and Pedestrian Plan, Slason's firm identified the top projects that would serve the town's future growth and development. Excluded were four projects, including along Route 15, that have already received funding.
The top 10 would extend the sidewalk or path network by a little over 5.4 miles and cost about $7.7 million, which, if using an 80/20 match for state or federal grants, requires a local match of about $1.3 million.
Operating on a 10-year time frame, the report shows $400,000 would be raised through the yearly budget, leaving just short of $900,000 left for local impact fees.
Split between the two cohorts, that would mean about $578,000 from residential development and $318,000 from nonresidential, they said.
The total yield would be decided by a fee structure. The report offered a wide range of cost calculations, from a low estimation of $106 per bedroom up to $470.
Lutz recommended a fee at the lower end of the spectrum given the number of new sidewalks or pathways expected over the next decade. They noted that 10 projects over 10 years is a lofty goal, and five is more realistic.
Slason said the town could create criteria for credits or waivers and exemptions.
For example, public buildings and schools could be exempt, while waivers could incentivize affordable housing projects. Revenue or property tax credits could also be issued to reduce the chance that a property paying impact fees will also contribute property taxes to the same project.
The town would also need to consider a portion of the recreation impact fee, of which about 5 percent is dedicated to future paths and trails, equaling about $53 per new residence. Lutz said that allocation could remain as-is and be used for only recreation-related paths and trails, or it could be removed from the recreation fee.
Asked if they expected any pushback from developers, Slason said the system will likely become standard practice in Chittenden County. Lutz added they would prefer a policy that determines a “fair cost” rather than needing to figure it out himself.
“The hard part is … it would be a fee to go on to new development, which obviously gets passed on to a new homeowner or business,” Lutz said.
The selectboard unanimously accepted the report, which Lutz now plans to share with the planning commission before town staff develop an implementation plan for selectboard approval.
Members would then need to agree on a fee value, determine if waivers would be included and revise an ordinance to include the fee.
Limericks by Bob Aldrich Raider football is rolling the dice.
Moving to a gambler's paradise.
Now can Roger Goodell
Break the Las Vegas spell
And keep NFL teams free of vice?
Say goodbye to the bleak winter gloom,
When the dogwood and daffodils bloom.
As the spring flowers sprout
Each azalea breaks out,
In its rich brightly colored costume
A good landscaper's job is quite hard.
Cutting shrubs by the foot leaves them scarred.
They trim grass by the inch
But good looks aren't a cinch
Because impressions are made by the yard.
State Department officials confirm that Kim received permission to travel to New York, despite those sanctions, as has been done in the past for high-level diplomats. Pompeo and Gen. Kim have met twice before, during Pompeo's recent visits to Pyongyang.
U.S. officials and outside experts see these talks as a critical step in determining whether to proceed with a summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in Singapore on June 12.
Kim was also seen at Kim Jong-un's side during last weekend's hastily convened mini-summit at the demilitarized zone with South Korea's President Moon Jae-In, a meeting sought by the North Koreans to salvage the summit after Trump's abrupt cancellation of the meeting in a letter two days earlier.
The New York meetings are taking place as a separate team of American experts has been meeting in North Korea to hammer out the outlines of a joint summit declaration focusing on the timing and components of what each side means by "denuclearization."
NBC News has been told by three U.S. officials that a recent CIA analysis concluded that Kim Jong-un would never give up the nuclear program their country has been developing for seven decades, a finding that conflicts with statements by Trump that Pyongyang intends to denuclearize in the future.
Separately, a team led by the foremost American scientific expert on the North Korean program, Stanford University Professor Siegfried Hecker, a former director of the Los Alamos weapons laboratory in New Mexico, reported this week that full denuclearization of North Korea's massive nuclear weapons and missile complex would take 15 years, and require an unprecedented inspection and verification challenge.
The short time frame to conclude pre–summit negotiations and logistics is further complicated by the changeover at the State Department: Pompeo, who was confirmed only last month, has already sidelined Rex Tillerson's top adviser on Asia, Acting Assistant Secretary of State Susan Thornton. Tillerson fought with White House hardliners to get Thornton nominated to that post.
Thornton, who always traveled with Tillerson, was noticeably missing from both of Pompeo's trips to North Korea, as well their New York meetings with Kim. In fact, Pompeo hinted at a shakeup during testimony to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee last week, saying they were "close to making a number of significant announcements about new members of the team, Assistant Secretary for East Asia Affairs and South Asia among them."
There are reports that Thornton's nomination will be withdrawn after the Singapore summit. There is also a major vacancy in Seoul, South Korea: No confirmed U.S. ambassador, although Adm. Harry Harris, currently the head of the Pacific Command, has been nominated for that post.
U.S officials said Pompeo, who met with Trump before leaving for New York, will have dinner with the North Korean Wednesday night in New York in addition to Thursday's meetings.
Coordinating the multi-pronged summit is also challenging because of allied concerns: Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is seeking reassurance that potential normalization of relations between North and South Korea will not undermine their country's strategic interests. They will be coming to Washington to meet with President Trump next Thursday.
On the 21st of December 2016, I went to First Bank Abak road to deposit some money. On coming out from the banking hall, the security had blocked the main entrance.
I requested that they should open the gate so I can drive out to meet up with Keystone Bank before they close for the day.
The drunk mobile police officer came to the scene and enquired to know what is going on, I responded by telling them to ask the security.
Angrily they pushed me out and came after me with their riffle, hit my head with the riffle
and ran along with passersby. everyone abandoned me me only for a friend to rush me to the hospital.
after series of scanning and x-ray doctor's diagnose that my skulll was broken and that pieces of my skull had fallen into my brain
Trust me I am gradually recovering,else you wouldn't see this post. I now know the full meaning of pains.
Special thanks to all who visited me, to those who put phone calls across and to those who prayed to God on my behalf.
My unreserved gratitude goes permanently to God for seeing me through the operation and still sustaining me, even when I didn't have the millions that was requested.
According to the victim, Harta Whodohmar, wh shared pics from their hospital bed:
Troubled times have come to the Fast and Furious family. It's not something we like to see, but every family has their ups and downs, their slammed doors and public blowouts. Of course, most of us just share the awkwardness with a handful of people, but when you're Tyrese Gibson and Vin Diesel and take to social media to air your grievances, a few million more people get involved.
Anyway, it's all emotionally distressing and become pretty tangled up at this point, but let us try to unravel the family drama.
Ugh, OK. Why is everyone fighting all of a sudden?
On Thursday, Universal Pictures announced that they would be pushing back the release date of Fast and Furious 9 to 2020, a full year after it was initially expected to be released. The reason for the move? They're saving the Summer 2019 slot for the Fast and Furious spinoff starring Dwayne Johnson and Jason Statham, who had undeniable chemistry in The Fate of the Furious.
This news didn't still well with Tyrese, who went on Instagram, the chosen method of airing Fast and Furious related grievances, to express their displeasure at The Rock for breaking up their family.
Diversity, love, multi ethnic worldwide multi generational, United Nations, One Race, Fast Family…… Until Dewayne showed up I guess this whole time they had a problem because they aren't the ONLY ONE on the movie poster……….. I guess dreams do come true congratulations to @hhgarcia41 and @therock you guys are just amazing you really broke up the #FastFamily I tried to warn you guys… You thought I was hating…… I was simply fighting to keep the family together what makes us great is when you see us all TOGETHER we don't fly solo….. #MyLastPost today….. I got 3 years of venting on this clown – They offered but YOU didn't have to agree with a solo #HobbsMovie #OriginalFastFamily we salute you and stand on your shoulders #VinDiesel #PaulWalker #RobCohen #RomanTej were offered a spin off we TURNED IT DOWN!!!
Ah wait, but there's more.
#PSA Congratulations to @TheRock and your brother in law aka 7 bucks producing partner @hhgarcia41 for making the fast and the furious franchise about YOU – And like you, DJ even if they call I will not be deleting this post – Gn folks see you in 2020 April #FastFamily right? Nah….. it's about #TeamDewayne #3yrs will it be worth the wait? #NoShaw just Hobbs will this be another #BayWatch? Guy guys just relax I'm just a passionate film critic
Wow, well that's a pretty clear condemnation. As referenced in the post above, this isn't the first time Tyrese has called out Johnson for taking the opportunity to create a Hobbs-centric piece of the franchise.
So tension has been building between The Rock and their adopted Fast and Furious family for quite some time. While I'd love everyone to just put their egos aside and share some Coronas, it doesn't look like that's going to happen any time soon.
This is nuts. Did anyone else back Tyrese up?
After Tyrese posted their hashtag and ellipse related screed, Vin Diesel posted a more subtle message on Instagram. It's a photo of Diesel, Tyrese and Paul Walker with just one word, Brotherhood.
Brotherhood… A post shared by Vin Diesel (@vindiesel) on Oct 5, 2017 at 6:57pm PDT
Honestly, it's kind of a low blow dragging Paul Walker'e memory into this, but whatever, emotions are high. It's clear though that Diesel is on Tyrese's side, but knows better than to verbally drag one of the most bankable and beloved stars in Hollywood.
Ludacris also got into and posted a #tbt photo of them and Diesel.
#tbt Impromptu Photo shoot having fun in the studio with my Brother @vindiesel the world will soon find out about this mans hidden skills. 💪🏾💪🏾 A post shared by @ludacris on Oct 5, 2017 at 1:51pm PDT
#tbt Impromptu Photo shoot having fun in the studio with my Brother @vindiesel the world will soon find out about this mans hidden skills
Now, we've gone from just one cast member getting frustrated with Johnson to a full on beef between many of the major parties involved. It's clear the family does not like it when someone tries to leave the nest.
This is so dramatic. When did this all start?
That's hard to say for sure, but there were rumors during the filming of Fast 8 that the Rock was already beefing with their co-stars. Initially, they posted a statement about a cast member's unprofessional behavior and called them “candy-asses.” At first people speculated they may have been talking about Scott Eastwood, but nope, they were referring to the head of the family himself, Vin Diesel. Apparently, the two had to be physically separated from fighting while on set.
It looks like egos and tempers have been going unchecked for a long time.
Wow. So, which side should I take in this mess?
It pains me to say this since I consider myself a Dom loyalist, but it's time for Vin Diesel to get out from behind the wheel of the franchise. The most recent movie, while totally enjoyable, dragged considerably when it focused on Dom's story. Without Paul Walker's Brian O'Connor to balance him, Dom just became a morose meathead. There was no way that removing Brian from the narrative wasn't going impact the emotional feel of the film but Dom becomes far more one-dimensional without them around.
Plus, we've had eight movies tell Dom's story. There simply isn't that much left to tell. He's married with a kid now, and the franchise should give them the same graceful sendoff it gave Walker. While fans would embrace a Fast 9 movie without question, a Hobbs and Deckard spinoff will be better for the creative longevity of the franchise without question.
Still, there's space enough for everyone to happily co-exist in the Fast and Furious universe. Please guys, stop beefing. Remember, it is not what Paul Walker would want.
I'll sign in later
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
0:51 How to catch a cold-case criminal? Maybe a DNA-based mug shot Pause
1:16 Watch boiling water turn to snow
1:22 President Trump signs tax bill, says Obamacare is 'essentially over'
4:34 The history of sexual harassment in America: five things to know
0:08 Police dog does push-ups with Alabama officers
1:35 In 90 Seconds: Thanksgiving 2017, by the numbers
3:05 Man sneaks onto luggage carousel, runs onto tarmac at Miami International Airport
0:14 Video shows cop punching a woman in the face as they are ejected from Hard Rock Stadium
1:06 hundred blood donors in Nevada line up help Las Vegas shooting victims
The annual winter phenomenon known as the firefall is now back at Yosemite National Park.
The firefall, which happens each February for about 10 days at the park's Horsetail Fall, features a waterfall appearing like golden lava.
"It is like watching something out of an Indiana Jones movie," said Sangeeta Dey, a photographer who trekked to Yosemite for the annual firefall. "Very surreal!"
The optical illusion is created when the setting sun hits the waterfall just right, over a few nights, making it seem to glow within.
The firefall at Yosemite is predicted to last until Feb. 23.
The former education secretary tells BuzzFeed News she's never been happier since coming out two years ago.
It has been nearly two years since Justine Greening announced they were in a same-sex relationship in a tweet sent during London's Pride celebrations in 2016. The tweet, which has been liked more than 20,000 times, made them the UK's first out gay woman cabinet minister. In an interview with BuzzFeed News, the former education secretary has spoken about their happiness since coming out and is encouraging others to do the same. Greening said they had long been reluctant to reveal they were in a same-sex relationship because it was “very personal” and they were worried about a negative reaction. But they said the response had been “overwhelmingly positive” and they hoped they had made it easier for other people in the same situation. They pointed to a national survey of over 100,000 LGBT people, published on Tuesday, which found that 70% had avoided being open about their sexuality for fear that others would react badly. “They're worried about a negative response – that's exactly how I felt,” they said. “So I just felt I had a responsibility not only to myself to be frank, but as somebody in a really senior position in public life to say, well, actually I think this is fine – and if I can do that then I hope it makes that a bit easier for everyone else.”
Today's a good day to say I'm in a happy same-sex relationship, I campaigned for Stronger In but sometimes you're better off out! #Pride2016
“I just thought it was time to be frank about the fact that I was in a really happy, same-sex relationship and I didn't have a problem with that, I didn't think anyone else should, and I wanted to be open about it,” they said. “And rather than feeling like I was somehow admitting something that was negative, I thought I'd do it on the day which is the biggest celebration of LGBT rights in the UK, which is London Pride. “The response to it was fantastic and will be something that I always remember. LGBT rights really matter to me and it got to the point in my own mind where I just thought, Look, if I'm not prepared to become part of the solution and say I actually think this is OK, then actually I am part of the problem.” Greening, who also served as equalities minister before leaving the cabinet in the January reshuffle, said coming out as gay had changed their outlook on life. “I feel happier in myself because I don't have this really important relationship that I don't feel I can talk about,” they said. “So while it was quite a hard step to take on a personal level ... in the end the response was overwhelmingly positive and I would say to anyone else: Go for it, because as hard as it might feel at the time, actually in the end you can't be you if you can't be honest about who you are. “You shouldn't have to feel like something so important is something that you can't be open about – that's wrong. You're not the problem; it's the rest of society that has attitudes to change. “I would say be open about it and actually what you'll find is that not only have you made it easier for yourself, you'll be making it easier for the next person, and all of these steps are little stones on a path leading forward, making it easier.”
The MP for Putney, who will celebrate Pride in London this weekend, said a number of young people had approached them to say that their tweet had given them the confidence to tell their parents they were gay. “I had lots of parents write to me as well, parents of LGBT children, who felt it was really good that there was another person saying that this was OK, because it made it easy for their child,” they said. But they said many young people across Britain still struggle to be open about being gay, and told how one young man in Leicestershire had said “he just felt totally different and because of that they just wanted to become invisible”. They said: “When you hear a story about that, about someone not is able to be themselves, it really breaks your heart and there's no place for that in modern Britain.” Greening said they were not surprised that the survey had found that more than two-thirds of LGBT people avoid holding hands in public. “I think that is the reality of life in Britain, even today, even in a country where same-sex marriage has been legalised now for several years,” they said. “I think it's a wake-up call, perhaps not for the LGBT community because they know how far we've got to go, but for lots of other people to say this is the day-to-day reality that people experience and that's why the survey was so important.” Shining a spotlight on these statistics means prejudices are “more likely to be tackled”, they added. “I think things are changing for the better, but there are people across the country who think LGBT rights have gone too far. And I think on any issue of human rights, unless you keep fighting those battles to move things forward, there will be other people who want to take you back, and that's why it matters so much.” Greening declined to say more about their own relationship but said they had no regrets about telling the world they were in love with a woman. “It's ridiculous that if you're in a relationship with the opposite sex there's no need to do a tweet, but somehow if you're in the same loving relationship with someone who happens to be the same sex, there's a need to make a formal announcement about it,” they said. “I think for a long time I almost didn't accept that that was the premise of how things work, but actually I realised that whether or not I liked it, that was indeed the reality of Britain. “And if it was going to change, actually all of us in that position needed to say, well, we are in these relationships and I think that's fine and we should celebrate the fact that people are different.”
Advertisement
Emily Ashton is a senior political correspondent for BuzzFeed News and is based in London. Contact Emily Ashton at emily.ashton@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
CBS4CBS4 is now on CBSMiami.com. It's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out […]
My TV 33My TV33 is on CBSMiami.comIt's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of […]
WQAMMiami's Sports Radio 560 WQAM is South Florida's original sports station. For a quarter century, WQAM has brought the region live coverage of their favorite teams and been home to the most popular and beloved […]
South Florida H.S. SportsSFHSSports is now on CBSMiami.com! We're a part of the CBS Miami family… Visit us at http://miami.cbslocal.com/category/sfhssports . Our “crew” Larry Blustein SFHSSports Senior Writer FloridaKids1@aol.com . We want to hear […]
Meltdown Mayhem: Apple Issues Fix as Intel Warns of Trouble
Apple has pushed out a patch to protect macOS users running older versions of the desktop OS from the major Meltdown flaw in Intel's CPUs, following the original fix aimed at High Sierra (10.13).
This patch is for Sierra and El Capitan, the previous two incarnations of macOS (versions 10.12 and 10.11 respectively). As CNET spotted, Apple posted about the security updates on its support site. To get protected, check for new updates in the App Store.
Back at the start of January, Apple said it had already protected users against Meltdown in macOS High Sierra.
If you're running a version of Apple's desktop operating system prior to El Capitan, of course, you're out of luck here.
There are still no known exploits levelled against Meltdown (or the other big bug, Spectre, which affects other processors, not just Intel), but the likelihood is that the bad guys out there may be close to weaponizing an exploit.
Stability Woes
Of course, at the beginning of the week, Intel warned against installing 'current versions' of Meltdown and Spectre patches in general -- following instability problems that have hit some PCs -- but presumably that caveat doesn't pertain to these patches from Apple.
Intel's asupervisorstioned warning applied to manufacturers and software developers as well as end-users, and if these fixes were problematic, you'd hope Apple wouldn't have released them yet -- plus these mitigations have already been applied to High Sierra at the start of the month, as mentioned, with no apparent issues.
Still, given Intel's warning, some of the more cautious folks out there may still be a little reticent to go ahead and patch, and may feel that it's prudent to wait a little longer, at least while there isn't a known exploit being leveraged against Meltdown -- which just underlines how much of a PR nightmare this thing is turning into for Intel.
Enter stage left Linus Torvalds to chuck just a little more fuel onto the fire from a Linux perspective. As Extremetech reports, they called Intel's fixes for these bugs "complete and utter garbage," never being one to mince their words.
According to emails they have sent, Torvalds is particularly unhappy about the Spectre fix for Linux machines, accusing it of being bloated and containing 'redundant junk,' and also criticizing it for being optional, among other things. Not a happy bunny doesn't quite cover it.
© 2018 T-break Tech under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Apple.
Read more on: Cybercrime, Cybersecurity, Cyberattack, Hackers, Spectre, Intel, Apple, macOS
Last June at AnimeNEXT 2017 in Atlantic City, NJ, we sat down for a brief interview with four staff members from the international smash hit figure skating anime Yuri!!! on Ice . Junpei Tatenaka was the lead animator for many of the key skating scenes in the series. Noriko Itou served as both an animator and prop designer. In the latter role, they were responsible for many of the series' most memorable props, such as the characters' phone cases and even the katsudon that features prominently in the series. Izumi Hirose served as color designer, helping visually define the series' many tonal shifts. Finally, Takahiro Ogawa was one of the animation producers, managing schedules on what appeared to be a particularly difficult production. We unfortunately only had 15 minutes to chat with these talented creators, but in that brief time they revealed a number of interesting stories about their animation techniques, the scheduling adjustments the team made during production, and the experience of working with auteur director Sayo Yamamoto.
Thank you to AnimeNEXT's press and guest relations staff, interpreter Yui Sehara, and of course Mr. Tatenaka, Ms. Itou, Ms. Hirose, and Mr. Ogawa for making this interview possible!
Mr. Tatenaka, you worked with Sayo Yamamoto on the Animator Expo short “Endless Night.” How did your work on that project help with your work on Yuri!!! on Ice ?
Tatenaka: Because I had experience with “Endless Night,” when Yuri!!! came along I knew how difficult it was going to be, and that it was going to be a lot of work. I tend to exaggerate the characters' arms and legs in my animation. It's a kind of Disney-style squash and stretch, where the characters' arms extend further than normal. And Ms. Yamamoto wanted more realistic movements, like tracing from live-action, without the exaggerated stretches. But if you directly trace over live-action human figures, then it's sort of weaker than the actual live-action footage. So I snuck in a couple stretches, not to the point where it's exaggerated but just enough so that the movement is fluid and makes sense as an animation. Just enough where it's not noticeable. And that's been a concept I've been dealing with from “Endless Night” all the way through Yuri!!! on Ice : how much is too much and how little is too little? I'm still trying to find it.
Color designer Izumi Hirose (left) and animator Junpei Tatenaka (right)
Is that something only you were doing, or was that a general technique among the Yuri!!! on Ice animators?
Tatenaka: Eiji Abiko and I have very different styles. We did communicate about how much stretching was going in and what kind of style we did, but we weren't trying to make our artwork completely the same.
Ogawa: And that helped to distinguish each individual character and their skating style so that they didn't all become the same style.
“If you directly trace over live-action human figures, then it's sort of weaker than the actual live-action footage. So I snuck in a couple stretches, not to the point where it's exaggerated but just enough so that the movement is fluid and makes sense as an animation.”
Were the characters assigned to particular animators?
Ogawa: In the beginning, yes, each person had one character. Starting around episode 5 we were limited on time so whoever finished and had a free hand would jump onto the next character.
In episode 1, Mr. Tatenaka did Victor's free skate. Mr. Abiko did Katsuki Yuri and Yuri Plisestky was also Mr. Tatenaka. That's the way it was for the first couple episodes. After episode 5 it was whoever could get their hands on it, because after that episode the number of characters in the skating scenes grew, so only using the two of them became impossible.
Ms. Itou, you're credited with Animation Direction for episodes 1-7 odd of Yuri!!! on Ice , while Saori Sakiguchi is credited with episodes 6-12 even. Why was the work assigned in that way?
Itou: Usually there are about four animation directors and they work simultaneously so that you can have four episodes going at the same time. There weren't enough people on Yuri so we only had two. Because there weren't four people to handle it simultaneously it just so happened that we went with odds and evens, to streamline it.
Animator and prop designer Noriko Itou
Ms. Itou, you've worked with a lot of directors who produce original works in a lot of unique styles. I was wondering if you could tell me about the different demands of those directors, specifically Kunihiko Ikuhara and Sayo Yamamoto?
Itou: Both directors are very unique. They have their own style. And they have their own ideas in their mind that can be very strict. I didn't have a lot of conversations with Mr. Ikuhara since I was working outside the studio at the time. I grew up watching Utena , though. Twelve years after I first watched Utena , I was working on a series with the director! Their color is all over that series; you know that it's their work just by the artwork and how everything is designed. A lot of the staff who worked on Utena with Mr. Ikuhara came back to work on their new series just because everyone loves their talent and they have respect for their work. They're fans. The newer staff who were fans back in the day got older and came to work on their series.
There's probably a similar thing with Ms. Yamamoto: a lot of their fans grow up and become their staff. A lot of people join wanting to work with Ms. Yamamoto. They're pretty similar in that sense.
Since I'm a fan of this project I have to change the subject for a bit: Ms. Hirose, you worked on Dead Leaves , a project where director Hiroyuki Imaishi went a little wild. It's got a sort of comic book style that's very different from a lot of anime. What was it like working with them on that project? What kinds of instructions did they give you as a director?
Hirose: It was my first series as a color director. Everyone involved in that project was really into it, very energetic. So I had free reign on the color. The only thing Mr. Imaishi said was “do it in an American comic style.” The shadows had to be all black, no tones.
Check out the rest of our AnimeNEXT 2017 coverage.
How To Quell Wanderlust Between Trips Five tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
After the tremendous success of their previous young adult novel, “Every Last Word,” about a teen girl
dealing with a mental disorder and being true to herself, Orinda author Tamara Ireland Stone received a
flood of letters from their young readers – containing their own experiences, poems, stories.
They were overwhelmed by the responses, by the sheer bravery it took for these teens to share such
deeply personal tales.
“I was so moved by the letters,” Stone said during an interview at an Orinda coffee shop, in between
stops on a nationwide book tour. “They Inspired me to be brave myself and take on a story in my next
book that was very personal to me. It's the kind of story I would love to have read when I was a teenager,
to have known I wasn't alone and someone else had gone through what I was experiencing.”
Indeed, Stone, 49, has deftly masked their own experiences in their latest YA novel, “Little Do We Know”
(Hyperion, $17.99, 400 pages). It tackles some big topics – friendship, destiny, love, sexuality, taking a
stand, questioning faith, even contemplating near-death experiences – all through the eyes of Emory and
Hannah, best friends since childhood by virtue of their homes' proximity, their bedroom windows just 36 steps apart.
As kids, the girls would meet in the middle, confiding secrets, sharing anything and everything. But as
high school seniors with graduation approaching, they've become “former” best friends. They haven't
spoken in months after a fight over something very personal to Emory. Words were said that can't be
unsaid, and a chasm forms, making those steps between them seem more like miles.
The girls are very different, with different world views – a contrast laid out in the
book's structure with alternating chapters from each one. Hannah is the good, obedient, cross-wearing
daughter in a devout family. Them dad is the director of a financially struggling Christian school where
Hannah sings in the choir. But their feud with Emory and other life challenges have shaken their faith.
Emory lives with their divorced mom, who is planning to marry a man Emory can't stand. They go to
public school and is a big drama geek, cast in the lead role of “Our Town,” hoping to go to UCLA in the fall
but anguished to leave their awesome boyfriend, Luke, when they go off to separate colleges.
Despite their longstanding rift, Emory and Hannah are never far from each other's thoughts.
“It was almost over. All of it, and all at once,” Emory says, when contemplating graduation. “High school.
Performing on that stage. My relationship with Luke. Mom and me, and our family of two. It was bad
enough that I'd already lost Hannah. Soon, the rest of it would be gone along with her.”
One night, Hannah finds Luke slumped over their steering wheel of their car, near death. This will change
everything. Ultimately, all their lives merge more deeply than they could have imagined, and as in all of
Stone's young adult and middle grade novels, the smart female lead characters don't need to rescue – they
always save themselves.
​
“There's a lot of me in this book,” Stone says. “The faith bit is certainly one I struggled with growing up in
a very conservative Christian home. It wasn't until college when I took a course on world religions that I
appreciated how other faiths see the world.
“Our church didn't encourage you to question things, merely that you had to have faith and that would
answer your questions. It was very circular. So new ways of looking at life and death and everything – it
was an eye-opening moment,” they said. “I'd say Hannah is me growing up. Emory is me later in life.”
Luke's vivid near-death experience hits home for Stone as well. Both their father and father-in-law “died”
under different circumstances and were brought back, both coming away with very different afterlife
scenarios, but both with a sense of love and making every moment count.
That's where the metaphors in “Our Town” come into play. As Emory bemoans the sadness in the script,
a friend tells them what it's really about: “It's about being alive. About noticing all the little things, because
no one ever knows if it's the last time they'll see them.”
A Bay Area native, Stone began their writing career less than a decade ago. She'd spent 20 years in the
tech industry, co-founding a woman-owned marketing strategy and communications firm, working with
small startups as well as some of the top software companies – you may have heard of Apple.
She'd always known she'd do something with writing, having been a journalism grad from Chico State,
but was surprised to discover a special talent for YA books, ending up on the New York Times best-seller
list for “Every Last Word.”
“I hadn't expected to start doing this,” they said. “I was writing for my job, of course, for clients, for work.
And I loved that. But I found myself entering my 40th year, and I wanted to write for myself, no matter if
anyone else would read it. I got this idea about a time traveler who ends up in 1995 (which became them
first book, “Time Between Us”). I was just kind of writing between work meetings or at night when I
couldn't sleep. I got it down and I realized I was writing for young adults.”
They were a voracious reader themselves when they were a teen, they said. “So I've been covering a lot of
concepts I would have wanted to read about when I was that age. I listen a lot to how teens talk. My own
kids, my son and daughter are 15 and 13, and I get lots of ideas just riding in the car with them.
“Teenagers are very deep thinkers,” they said. “They're a very discerning audience. You can't
underestimate them.”
WESTPORT, CT (CBS Local) – The family of a 96-year-old in Connecticut has found a hidden treasure trove dedicated to every book the grandmother ever read.
Stefanie Dreyfuss of Westport passed away in mid-May, leaving behind several relatives and in-laws. Them daughter-in-law posted a photo on Twitter of the stunning find in the woman's home. Each book review had been categorized using a completely original code created by Dreyfuss and filed away on hundreds of index cards over the years.
I lost my mother in law last week. They were 96 and one of my best friends. A lifelong lover of books, they kept track of all they read on index cards and recorded their opinion in code. This is the key to their code and the cards we found among their belongings. pic.twitter.com/Iabmek9B7F — Lauren Tarshis (@laurenTarshis) May 26, 2018
Lauren Tarshis' post of the find quickly went viral, with over 18,000 fellow book lovers liking the post and over 2,500 people re-tweeting the image. “She kept track of all they read on index cards and recorded their opinion in code. This is the key to their code and the cards we found among their belongings,” Tarshis tweeted. Tarshis is the author of the New York Times Bestselling series “I Survived“, a fast-paced historical fiction from the perspective of a boy or girl who lived through a historical disaster.
The biggest takeaway from the 96-year-old's coded collection is that they were a very tough grader. The numerous codes included:
RP: Readable Piffle
NFM: Not For Me
G: Good didn't hold my attention
NMS: Not my style
RR: Readable
WOT: Waste of Time
The opinionated reader's daughter-in-law shared another photo a few days later after discovering a second hidden collection. Dreyfuss (who immigrated to the U.S. in 1947) had also saved their favorite quotes over their many decades in America.
The association representing Virginia hospitals wants state lawmakers to consider a series of mental health care proposals when they reconvene next week. More from WLNI's Evan Jones.
Play/Download News Clip
Sargent & Weah, both 18, score as US beats Bolivia 3-0 United States players celebrate past Bolivia's Jose Sagredo after a goal by Walker Zimmerman during the first half of an international friendly soccer match, Monday, May 28, 2018, in Chester, Pa. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)
CHESTER, Pa. (AP) -- Josh Sargent became the fourth-youngest American to score, making an audacious interception of a goalkeeper's pass over their head to put the ball into the net in their international debut at just 18 years, 102 days.
Tim Weah, two days younger than Sargent, got their first goal seven minutes later.
With no World Cup to play for, the United States gave youth a chance and they came through in a 3-0 exhibition win over an equally inexperienced Bolivia team on Monday night.
''It's great feeling both of us getting to do this together,'' Sargent said.
Walker Zimmerman, a relative geezer at 25 but making just their third international appearance, put the Americans ahead in the 37th minute with their first international goal , on a header from Joe Corona's corner kick. Sargent doubled the lead in the 52nd.
''We've come such a long way,'' said Weah, a son of former FIFA Player of the Year and current Liberia President George Weah. ''We just want to impress our fans. We just want to play with our hearts.''
Christian Pulisic, playing exactly two years after become the youngest American to score - also against Bolivia - struggled to make sharp touches in the 19-year-old's first national team match since the loss at Trinidad and Tobago last October that ended the U.S. streak of seven consecutive World Cup appearances.
Interim U.S. coach Dave Sarachan gave six players their debuts, raising the total to 15 in four matches since they took over after the loss in Trinidad. Defenders Erik Palmer-Brown and Antonee Robinson and goalkeeper Alex Bono joined Sargent as debutants in the starting lineup, and defender Matt Olosunde and midfielder Keaton Parks entered in the second half.
The U.S. starting lineup averaged 22 years, 160 days, and 6.7 international appearances. Fans always have sky-high hopes prospects will become stars, and Sargent and Weah raised the anticipation even higher.
Story Continues
''They're reading a lot about themselves and so on,'' Sarachan said. ''They're still steps. If you want to get to A, you still start at D and then to C, then to B. We're very quick to jump them up into the A category. I think that's a process that we have to manage, with expectations, with a lot of noise on the outside.''
Only three Americans have scored at a younger age than Weah and Sargent: Pulisic (17 years, 253 days), Juan Agudelo at South Africa in 2010 (17-359) and Jozy Altidore against Mexico in 2008 (18-96). Agudelo is the only younger player to score in their debut.
Weah has played just three first-team matches for Paris Saint-Germain, one of their father's former clubs, entering twice as a second-half sub in March and getting their first start on the final day of the season this month. Sargent hasn't played any.
Sargent scored four goals at last year's Under-20 World Cup and three at the Under-17 World Cup, where Weah was a teammate. They signed a pro contract with Werder Bremen on their 18th birthday, Feb. 20. That was after the international transfer window closed, making them ineligible until next season.
''I was very nervous to be honest coming out,'' Sargent said. ''It was my first professional game ever.''
They made up for lack of experience with daring.
Goalkeeper Carlos Lampe rolled the ball to Luis Haquin on the right flank, and the defender returned it. Lampe lofted the ball back toward Haquin. Sargent turned toward the touchline to follow the flight of the ball, stuck out their right leg near the edge of the penalty area to redirect it back toward the center of the field, and then ran onto the ball for an 11-yard right-footed shot that deflected in off the keeper's leg.
''I saw them start to chip the ball over, so I started backing up a little bit, and had a good touch to turn it around and good shot,'' Sargent said.
Weah scored after Antonee Robinson beat a defender down the left flank and made a one-hop cross into the penalty area. Weah made a perfect cut and volleyed the ball with their right foot.
''Once I saw the service come in, I was like, I got to get there. I got to get this. This is my opportunity to get the goal,'' Weah said exuberantly.
They had felt pain in their right knee after a challenge about 15 minutes in and signaled they needed to come off.
''He was all over the shop,'' Sarachan said. ''He looked like a kid that has never played at a higher level, to a guy that was looking to come out a game where they aren't sure if they were even hurt to flying and beating guys. And so they were the prototypical young, nervous guy.''
NOTES: Nico Romeijn, the U.S. Soccer Federation's chief sport development officer, said the USSF intends to hire the GM before the World Cup, a position expected to go to former American forward Earnie Stewart, currently sporting director of Major League Soccer's Philadelphia Union. The new GM will head the search for a new coach, whom the USSF hopes to have in place ahead of September exhibitions. ''But maybe it takes more time. You never know,'' Romeijn said.
Priyanka Chopra To Romance Salman Khan?
As per a DNA report, we might see to see Priyanka Chopra sharing screen space with Salman Khan in Bharat after a gap of 10 years. The two superstars had last starred together in the 2008 film 'God Tussi Great Ho'.
They Are In Talks With Ali Abbas Zafar
The daily quoted a source as saying, "Priyanka has also worked with Ali in Gunday (2014) and shares a good rapport with him. This film will see the three of them collaborate for the first time."
Will They Agree To Be A Part Of This Film?
The source further revealed that apparently Ali met PC in New York recently, where they were shooting for the next season of their international TV series Quantico and said, "The fact that their jodi is coming together after such a long time will surely be exciting news for their fans."
Why Is Priyanka So Secretive About Them Bollywood Projects?
Of late, there have been reports about Priyanka being approached for Aitraaz 2 and Kalpana Chawla biopic. However, we are yet to hear any official word from the leading lady herself.
Earlier when Priyanka was asked about announcing their next Bollywood film, they had said, "Yes, I am, as soon as I put pen to paper. I'm not someone who's into like 'yeh main kar rahi hoon. Yeh announcement karo.' I believe in starting the film and when there is...it's come to a place where you can talk about it, then people should see what I'm talking about because otherwise, there are so many speculations."
Are You Listening To What PeeCee Had To Say?
"I believe I've signed some 20 films, so far. I mean, I'm in conversation with every film that's being made at the moment. And, I am in conversation with a few people. But, that doesn't make a film and that definitely does not make news. Trolling and speculative movie announcements are two things that really need to get out of entertainment news. Then there will be so much more to talk about. When did trolling become news? How can someone's opinion on Twitter become front page headlines? That's another one...that's a pet peeve of mine."
Coming Back To Bharat
Ali had previous spilled the beans about the film and said, "Since the story spans over a period of 70 years, there will be many historical references. It is essentially about a man who lives through several significant moments from India's past to present. We are currently working on the film's pre-production and details will be announced once we are in a position to talk about them."
New to San Diego, this second-grader is now ready to start school.
Preparing the back-to-school punch list can be challenging for any family, but for military moms and dads arriving in a new city, this time of year can be downright stressful.
The San Diego Unified School District (SDUSD) hosted its annual Military Appreciation Open House Saturday at Tierrasanta's Deportola Middle School to help hundreds of military families who are new to San Diego get up to speed.
Parents enrolled students into their new schools.
Students also received required vaccinations and gathered helpful information about community military support groups including everything from study groups to soccer team sign-ups.
Alyssa Speaker's husband is in the U.S. Navy and recently transferred to Naval Amphibious Base Coronado. Speaker and their family have more four times over the past few years.
For her, the back-to-school event was a huge relief.
They and their soon-to-be second-grader, Dominic, arrived in San Diego less than a week ago.
"I was really worried this time around because it's the first time we've had to transfer them from one school to another," they told NBC 7.
The program helped Speaker and their son feel more settled in.
"It helps so much; it takes away some of the stress," Speaker added. "Just to get the kids enrolled and to get them where they need to be."
Dominic was all smiles, saying they were excited to start second grade.
The SDUSD estimates it serves more than 9,000 military-connected students each year.
The district hosted the event with help from active-duty military personnel from local U.S. Marine Corps, Navy, and U.S. Coast Guard bases.
Mia Funk, director of reconnection for SDUSD, said the annual enrollment fair is a way for the district to support military families and help them navigate the school system.
Funk estimated about 200 military families attended Saturday's event.
SDUSD starts the new school year on Monday, Aug. 28.
Adrian Gonzalez dives headfirst into home, seems to beat the tag by Cubs catcher Willson Contreras, but is called out. Safe, shout fans at Dodger Stadium who see replays on the board.
Umpires go to their headsets for a video review, and nearly three minutes later, the signal comes: Out!
Want to hear exactly how disputed calls get decided, like that one in last year's NL Championship Series?
Soon, we might.
While nothing is set, Major League Baseball and umps are expected to discuss a plan – most prominently used in the NFL – for crew chiefs to wear a microphone and explain replay rulings.
Under one possible scenario, they would start at the All-Star Game on July 11 in Miami, tweak the process over the season's second half and then go forward with the experiment in the playoffs.
People familiar with the talks spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because an agreement has not yet been reached.
Last year, MLB asked for the plate ump to wear a mic at the All-Star Game, but there wasn't enough time to do it.
The umpires are in the middle of their five-year labor deal and any change would involve negotiations, plus a comfort level on both sides that the system would be efficient, accurate and easy.
So no way to say for sure if fans at Camden Yards, Coors Field and ballparks across the majors will become familiar with the voices of veteran crew chiefs – be it country singer Joe West, ordained minister Ted Barrett or Dale Scott, once a Top 40 AM radio disc jockey.
”It probably would be nice to get a little more explanation,” Marlins reliever Brad Ziegler said. ”They're supposed to say the call stands or the call's confirmed. `The call stands' means you can't tell. A lot of times we don't get that … they just signal out or safe. That's all we get on the field.
”They may announce it on the PA, but it doesn't seem like that is consistent in all parks. And the acoustics in the stadium here – we have a hard time hearing what's on the PA in the bullpen,” they said.
In the NFL, hearing refs announce ”upon further review” has long been part of the lexicon. The lore includes what Ben Dreith said in a 1986 game, when Jets lineman Marty Lyons tangled with Buffalo quarterback Jim Kelly and was penalized for ”giving them the business down there.”
The NHL for some time has mic'ed up officials to explain coach's challenges, based on what the central replay booth tells them.
NBA crew chiefs put on headsets to watch reviews and talk with the replay center. Decisions are explained to the official scorer's table and the benches, and the public address announcers inform the crowd.
MLB has tried to speed up reviews this year, aiming for the umpires in the New York replay booth to relay the final calls to the field in under 2 minutes.
”It'll take more time,” Boston pitcher David Price said. ”It's not going to make them any shorter.”
As for making the replay system more informative and entertaining, ”Yeah, until they have a problem with the umpire's mic,” they said.
Marlins star Christian Yelich said a switch wouldn't affect him.
”The call's the call,” they said. ”Just because they tell you what they decided isn't going to change it.”
—
AP Sports Writer Steven Wine and AP freelance writer Ken Powtak contributed to this report.
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
During the first century of the state's history, the natural habitats along the Illinois River helped spur fishing industries and had places for hunting.
The Illinois River was a habitat for bottom-feeding fish such as catfish, common carp and smallmouth buffalo as well as mussels. The abundance of fish led to a commercial fishing industry between Havana and Meredosia, according to the state museum. Towns had their own markets that processed and shipped fish to large Midwestern and Eastern cities from the 1890s to the 1950s.
Sport hunters formed clubs and bought land along the Illinois River to start duck hunting resorts managed by locals, according to the state museum.
However, there also was a demand to be able to transport goods, which changed life along the river.
Reports in the 1830s said the river wasn't navigable in 70 to 80 places during the low-water months. A canal was eventually built between LaSalle and Chicago.
“The canal was instrumental in Chicago's growth,” said Michael Wiant, the interim director for the Illinois State Museum. “There's a recognition there, navigability on the river would give vitality to the economy of Illinois.”
Towns along the Illinois River, such as Naples, Grafton, Peoria and Beardstown, are the earliest communities in the region to be established. Ottawa had deposits of silica sand, that would be transported into Chicago for construction.
“You could begin to see the river as an artery that literally feeds the heart of the city,” Wiant said.
Levees eventually were built along waterways to keep the river in place, and maintain a channel. That infrastructure decision also eventually drained floodplains and backwater habitats, which led to those areas becoming land for row-crop agriculture
“The river is largely, by the early part of the 20th century, engineered to handle that transportation issue that is having vitality,” Wiant said. “But it comes at a price of not only the natural powerhouse of the backwater lakes, things like commercial fishing industries are affected negatively. It changes the character of the river profoundly.”
Natural habitats for ducks, fish and mussels were negatively affected and populations crashed, Wiant said. Eventually there were wildlife refuges established to give habitat to ducks to try to keep this population.
“To maintain navigation, you need stable water levels. To get stable water levels you need locks and dams. To keep the channel in place you need levees,” Wiant said. “Levees then cut off the backwater lakes from the natural hydrology of the river, and while you're producing agricultural commodities, which are good things to be sure, the price you're paying, the natural habitats are deteriorated.”
Using the Illinois River, as well as the Mississippi River, as economic engines for the transportation of goods continues today.
In recent years, there has been an effort to increase the amount of commodities and goods that are moved down the Illinois and Mississippi rivers.
America's Central Port has been awarded a $713,000 federal grant to help load containers on the Illinois River at Beardstown. The containers would be sent to Chicago to be loaded onto trains, or to St. Louis where containers would be placed on trains, or continue down the Mississippi River on barges to New Orleans. The project is still in the planning stages.
Cargill has grain elevators along the Illinois river, in locations such as Havana. Barges are loaded and then sent down the river and eventually connected to the Mississippi River where they head toward the Gulf of Mexico where they are then shipped around the world to places such as Europe and Japan.
“There's an immense amount of grain that is transported along the river today,” Wiant said. “So, if you look at Naples, and Beardstown, and Meredosia and Havana, the number of elevators of grain handling facilities in Havana is stunning. They do an incredible amount of transportation of grain from that point.”
According to the Mississippi River Cities and Towns Initiative, nearly $5 billion in annual revenue and 20,000 jobs are generated by commercial navigation on the Mississippi River
In 2015, 35 million tons of goods moved on the Mississippi River through the St. Louis area, according to data provided by the St. Louis Regional Freightway, which is a freight district and comprehensive authority for freight operations and opportunities within eight counties that compose the St. Louis metropolitan area.
“It's a combination that adds up to the St. Louis region having inexpensive barge freight rates for the handling of fertilizer, steel, manufactured goods, coal, petroleum products and agricultural commodities,” said Mary Lamie, executive director of the freightway.
The St. Louis area, and the freightway district, has touted how one-third of all the river freight traffic from Minneapolis, Minnesota, to Cairo, Illinois, goes through the St. Louis region.
The St. Louis Regional Freightway is promoting the Mississippi River between Illinois and Missouri as the “Ag Coast.” Ports in the St. Louis area are the northernmost ice-free and lock-free access ports to and from the Gulf of Mexico.
Getty Images The U.S. economy is still creating lots of new jobs, but major hurricanes halted hiring and temporarily prevented as many as 1.5 million people from getting to their jobs in September.
The numbers: The economy “lost” 33,000 jobs in September, marking the first decline since 2010 as U.S. began to dig itself out from the Great Recession. Yet the decline was entirely due to widespread workplace disruptions caused by hurricanes Irma and Harvey
The unemployment rate, meanwhile, fell to 4.2% from 4.4% and hit the lowest level since December 2000. The jobless rate was not affected by the storms, the government said.
Wages rose 0.5%, or 12 cents, to $26.55 an hour, likely reflecting a hurricane-induced bump. Over the past 12 months hourly pay increased by 2.9%, up from 2.7% in the prior month and matching a post-recession high.
The government raised its estimate of new jobs created in August to 169,000 from 156,000. July's gain was reduced to 138,000 from 189,000.
What happened: Hiring and employment in September were stunted by hurricanes Harvey and Irma. The storms disrupted major economic centers in Texas and Florida, where as many as 1.5 million people were temporarily unable to get to work. That's the most in 20 years.
The industry hurt the most was the restaurant business. Employment fell by a whopping 105,000.
The absence in the latest employment report of so many waiters and cooks, who tend to be lower paid employees, likely inflated wage growth in September, the government indicated. If they were included the growth in pay would have been smaller.
Job gains in mid to late summer, meanwhile, were somewhat softer than the government originally reported, but still plenty enough to keep pushing the unemployment rate lower.
The big picture: Throw out the hurricane-distorted September jobs report. The current economic expansion is more than eight years old and shows little sign of slowing. Hiring is all but certain to bounce back in October and erase the decline in September.
Finding a job is easier now than it's been in years. Job opening are at a record high, and many companies have adopted new strategies to attract workers amid a growing shortage of people with the skills they need.
The tightness in the labor market is reflected by the unemployment rate — it fell in September to the lowest level since December 2000. More than 900,000 people found employment last month, according to a separate household survey.
What they are saying?: “This single-month drop in payrolls should be temporary, doesn't appear to be indicative of a broader economic slowdown, and will likely reverse next month,” said Jim Baird, chief investment office at Plante Moran Financial Advisors.
“The Fed and the markets will just ignore this report,” said Paul Ashworth of Capital Economics. “If past-storms, particularly Katrina, are any guide, employment will rebound markedly over the next few months.”
Market reaction: The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.07% and the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.15% SPX, -0.15% fell slightly in Friday trades. The dollar DXY, +0.31% and bond yields rose, indicating traders received the news positively.
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
By Ryan Nelson (@TheRyanNelson_)
Who's on the move?
For the fifth straight week, Villanova (14-0) holds on to the No. 1 spot in the AP Top 25. The Wildcats defeated No. 10 Creighton 80-70 in Week 7. Villanova received 59 of 65 possible first-place votes from national media members.
The only other team to receive first place votes (6) is No. 2 Baylor (13-0). The Bears improved upon their undefeated season in Week 7 by beating Oklahoma 76-50 to open conference play in the Big 12. Baylor was ranked No. 4 in Week 7 rankings.
No. 3 Kansas (12-1), No. 4 UCLA (14-1), and No. 5 Gonzaga (14-0) round out the Top 5. UCLA fell from their previous No. 2 ranking after an 89-87 loss to No. 15 Oregon (12-2). The Ducks were ranked No. 21 in Week 7.
The Florida State Seminoles (14-1) made the biggest jump of any team in Week 8, improving to No. 12 from No. 20. FSU defeated then No. 12 Virginia 60-58. Despite the loss, Virginia moves up to No. 11 after handing then No. 6 Louisville (12-2) a 61-53 loss in Week 7. The Cardinals fall to No. 9 in Week 8.
The only newcomers in Week 8's AP Top 25 are the Virginia Tech Hokies (12-1). The Hokies haven't been ranked in the AP Top 25 since Week 1 of the 2010-11 season.
Outside looking in
Others receiving votes: Minnesota 56, Clemson 23, Miami 16, Maryland 6, Kansas St 5, Iowa St. 3, Seton Hall 3, Northwestern 2, VCU 2, UNC Wilmington 1
Week 8 Games to Watch
Tuesday
No. 13 Wisconsin (12-2) at No. 25 Indiana (10-4), 7 p.m. ET
Kansas State (12-1) at No. 3 Kansas (12-1), 9 p.m. ET
Wednesday
No. 1 Villanova at No. 18 Butler, 6:30 p.m. ET
No. 9 Louisville (12-2) at No. 23 Notre Dame (12-2), 9 p.m. ET
Thursday
California (10-4) at No. 4 UCLA (14-1), 9 p.m. ET
Stanford (8-6) at No. 25 USC (14-1), 11 p.m. ET
Saturday
No. 21 Virginia Tech (12-1) at No. 12 Florida State (14-1) 2 p.m. ET
Clemson (11-2) at No. 23 Notre Dame, 3 p.m. ET
Oklahoma State (10-3) at No. 2 Baylor (13-0), 7 p.m. ET
Arkansas (11-2) at No. 6 Kentucky (11-2), 8:30 p.m. ET
But the party did not achieve the recovery it had hoped for by pitching a new opposition that would campaign to stay in the European Union.
They themselves meanwhile defended their own Westmorland and Lonsdale seat by just 777 votes.
Many of the target seats it failed to win were in highly Leave-leaning areas.
That recovery was never inevitable but we have seen the doubling of our party membership, growth in council elections, our first parliamentary by-election win for more than a decade, and most recently our growth at the 2017 general election.
Most importantly the Liberal Democrats have established ourselves with a significant and distinctive role – passionate about Europe, free trade, strong well-funded public services underpinned by a growing market economy.
No one else occupies that space. Against all the odds, the Liberal Democrats matter again.
We can be proud of the progress we have made together, although there is much more we need to do.
From the very first day of my leadership, I have faced questions about my Christian faith. I've tried to answer with grace and patience. Sometimes my answers could have been wiser.
At the start of this election, I found myself under scrutiny again – asked about matters to do with my faith. I felt guilty that this focus was distracting attention from our campaign, obscuring our message.
Journalists have every right to ask what they see fit. The consequences of the focus on my faith is that I have found myself torn between living as a faithful Christian and serving as a political leader.
A better, wiser person than me may have been able to deal with this more successfully, to have remained faithful to Christ while leading a political party in the current environment.
To be a political leader – especially of a progressive, liberal party in 2017 – and to live as a committed Christian, to hold faithfully to the Bible's teaching, has felt impossible for me.
I'm a liberal to my fingertips, and that liberalism means that I am passionate about defending the rights and liberties of people who believe different things to me.
There are Christians in politics who take the view that they should impose the tenets of faith on society, but I have not taken that approach because I disagree with it – it's not liberal and it is counterproductive when it comes to advancing the gospel.
Even so, I seem to be the subject of suspicion because of what I believe and who my faith is in.
In which case we are kidding ourselves if we think we yet live in a tolerant, liberal society.
That's why I have chosen to step down as leader of the Liberal Democrats.
I intend to serve until the parliamentary recess begins next month, at which point there will be a leadership election according to the party's rules.
This is a historic time in British politics. What happens in the next months and years will shape our country for generations.
My successor will inherit a party that is needed now more than ever before. Our future as an open, tolerant and united country is at stake.
The cause of British liberalism has never been needed more. People who will fight for a Britain that is confident, generous and compassionate are needed more than ever before.
That is the challenge our party and my successor faces and the opportunity I am certain that they will rise to.
I want to say one more thing: I joined our party when I was 16, it is in my blood, I love our history, our people, I thoroughly love my party.
Imagine how proud I am to lead this party. And then imagine what would lead me to voluntarily relinquish that honour.
In the words of Isaac Watts it would have to be something "so amazing, so divine, (it) demands my heart, my life, my all".
Photo Courtesy of Fox Searchlight Pictures(LOS ANGELES) — The film The Shape of Water and HBO's Big Little Lies lead the nominees for the Hollywood Foreign Press Association's 75th Anniversary Golden Globe Awards, announced Monday morning.
The Shape of Water earned a leading seven nominations, including Best Motion Picture — Drama, Best Director for Guillermo del Toro, and Best Screenplay. Close behind are The Post and Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, tied with six nods.
For television, HBO's Big Little Lies earned the most nominations, with six, followed by Feud: Bette and Joan with four, and Fargo, This Is Us and The Handmaid's Tale tied with three. HBO also earned the most nominations of any television outlet, with 12, followed by Netflix with nine and FX, with eight.
Alfre Woodard, Kristen Bell and Sharon Stone, and actor Garrett Hedlund announced the noms live from the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, California. Hosted by Seth Meyers, the Golden Globes telecast will air live from the Beverly Hilton Hotel on NBC Sunday, January 7, 2018.
Here are the nominees in the order they were announced:
Best TV Movie or Limited Series
Big Little Lies – HBO
Fargo – FX
Feud: Betty and Joan – FX
The Sinner – USA TV
Top of the Lake: China Girl – SundanceTV
Best TV Series, Comedy
black-ish – ABC
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel – Amazon
Master of None – Netflix
SMILF – Showtime
Will & Grace – NBC
Best Original Song – Motion Picture
“Home” – Ferdinand
“Mighty River” – Mudbound
“Remember Me: – Coco
“The Star” – The Star
“This is Me” – The Greatest Showman
Best Animated Feature Film
The Boss Baby
The Breadwinner
Coco
Ferdinand
Loving Vincent
Best TV Series, Drama
The Crown – Netflix
Game of Thrones – HBO
The Handmaid's Tale – Hulu
Stranger Things – Netflix
This is Us – NBC
Best Motion Picture, Musical or Comedy
The Disaster Artist
Get Out
The Greatest Showman
I, Tonya
Ladybird
Best Motion Picture, Drama
Call Me By Your Name
Dunkirk
The Post
The Shape of Water
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Actress in a TV Series, Drama
Caitriona Balfe – Outlander
Claire Foy – The Crown
Maggie Gyllenhaal – The Deuce
Katherine Langford – 13 Reasons Why
Elisabeth Moss – The Handmaid's Tale
Best Actor in a Motion Picture, Musical or Comedy
Steve Carell, Battle of the Sexes
Ansel Elgort, Baby Driver
James Franco, The Disaster Artist
Hugh Jackman, The Greatest Showman
Daniel Kaluuya, Get Out
Best Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture
Willem Dafoe, The Florida Project
Armie Hammer, Call Me by Your Name
Richard Jenkins, The Shape of Water
Christopher Plummer, All the Money in the World
Sam Rockwell, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Supporting Actress in a Motion Picture
Mary J. Blige, Mudbound
Hong Chau, Downsizing
Allison Janney, I, Tonya
Laurie Metcalf, Lady Bird
Octavia Spencer, The Shape of Water
Best Actor in a TV Series, Drama
Sterling K. Brown – This is Us
Freddie Highmore – The Good Doctor
Bob Odenkirk – Better Call Saul
Liev Schreiber – Ray Donovan
Jason Bateman – Ozark
Best Actor in a Motion Picture, Drama
Timothée Chalamet – Call Me by Your Name
Daniel Day-Lewis – Phantom Thread
Tom Hanks – The Post
Gary Oldman – The Darkest Hour
Denzel Washington – Roman J. Israel, Esq.
Best Actress in a Motion Picture, Musical or Comedy
Judi Dench – Victoria & Abdul
Margot Robbie – I, Tonya
Saoirse Ronan – Lady Bird
Emma Stone – Battle of the Sexes
Helen Mirren – The Leisure Seeker
Best Actress in a Motion Picture, Drama
Jessica Chastain – Molly's Game
Sally Hawkins – The Shape of Water
Francis McDormand – Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Meryl Streep – The Post
Michelle Williams – All the Money in the World
Best Director – Motion Picture
Guillermo del Toro – The Shape of Water
Martin McDonagh – Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Christopher Nolan – Dunkirk
Ridley Scott – All the Money in the World
Steven Spielberg – The Post
Best Actor in a Limited-Series or TV Movie
Robert De Niro – The Wizard of Lies
Jude Law – The Young Pope
Kyle McLaughlin – Twin Peaks
Ewan McGregor – Fargo
Geoffrey Rush – Genius
Best Supporting Actress in a Series, Limited-Series, or TV Movie
Laura Dern – Big Little Lies
Ann Dowd – The Handmaid's Tale
Chrissy Metz – This Is Us
Michelle Pfeiffer – The Wizard of Lies
Shailene Woodley – Big Little Lies
Best Supporting Actor in a Series, Limited-Series or TV Movie
David Harbour – Stranger Things
Alfred Molina – Feud: Bette and Joan
Christian Slater – Mr. Robot
Alexander Skarsgard – Big Little Lies
David Thewlis – Fargo
Best Actress in a Limited-Series or TV Movie
Jessica Biel – The Sinner
Nicole Kidman – Big Little Lies
Jessica Lange – Feud: Bette and Joan
Susan Sarandon – Feud: Bette and Joan
Reese Witherspoon – Big Little Lies
Best Actress in a TV Series, Comedy
Pamela Adlon – Better Things
Alison Brie – GLOW
Rachel Brosnahan – The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Issa Rae – Insecure
Frankie Shaw – SMILF
Best Actor in a TV Series, Comedy
Anthony Anderson – black-ish
Aziz Ansari – Master of None
Kevin Bacon – I Love Dick
William H. Macy – Shameless
Erik McCormack – Will & Grace
Best Screenplay – Motion Picture
The Shape Of Water
Lady Bird
The Post
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Molly's Game
Best Original Score – Motion Picture
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
The Shape of Water
Phantom Thread
The Post
Dunkirk
[embedded content]
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
The NBA draft is next Thursday, June 22, and the season is over after the Warriors won the title, so now all fans are left wondering what moves their favorite teams are going to make to be better for next season.
Thanks to TMZ Sports, we now know what Boston sports fan Mark Wahlberg thinks the Celtics should do with their No. 1 draft pick. Wahlberg said to the cameraman while sitting in the back of a car:
“The Celtics is looking good, but I think we don't take the draft pick. I think we trade it for a great player. We need a star. We need Jimmy Butler, we need Paul George, we need somebody.”
It's a bit funny that Wahlberg mentions Butler because the two are actually friends. The Bulls guard talked to For The Win about how they look up to the actor in an interview in March. However, Wahlberg added:
On Pay Parity In Bollywood
"Investing money in a film is directly co-related to the people you are bringing to the theatre. I'm not delusional that the same number of viewers who go to watch Varun's movies will come to see my work. They have a wider reach than me."
Alia Bhatt Hits The Nail Right In The Head!
"That's why I can't expect that the same amount of money, which is invested in their solo-starrers, is invested in mine, too. Also, it's the subject that makes a film viable. We can't be categorical about everything because every actor and movie is different."
When Asked If They Are Okay To Reduce Them Fees
"Never say never, but I won't let go of a movie that I like because of remuneration."
Money Is Not Everything
"I'll find a way around it. I'll still do it because the emotional attachment to my work is way more than the monetary one," they summed it up to DNA.
On The Work Front
Alia Bhatt is currently shooting for their upcoming movies Gully Boy, Kalank and Brahmastra. All the three movies are scheduled to hit the theatres in 2019.
MARLTON, NJ--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - eMaint Enterprises LLC, a Fluke company, will be co-presenting "Keys To Plan and Implement a Successful Multi-Site CMMS Rollout" with client Nippon Sheet Glass, or NSG Group, at The Reliability Conference in Las Vegas, NV on April 24-28, 2017.
The RELIABILITY Conference™ will feature educational sessions on innovations in asset management, reliability and condition monitoring. The event is produced by Reliabilityweb.com® and Uptime® Magazine.
On April 26, 2017 at 11:15am, Glenn Shanahan, North American Manufacturing Excellence Manager (Maintenance) for NSG Group's North American Automotive sector, and Greg Perry CRL, Senior Consultant at eMaint, will explain how to plan, implement and execute a multi-site CMMS rollout. They will explore critical topics such as defining an asset hierarchy and tracking leading and lagging Key Performance Indicators.
"eMaint partners with organizations of all sizes, including Fortune 500 companies with global locations," said CEO & President Brian Samelson. "We appreciate the opportunity to highlight a company that approached CMMS implementation with such a strategic focus and share their best practices."
Whether attendees are searching for a CMMS or have used the same solution for years, the session will offer valuable best practice insight into how to leverage a CMMS to address key challenges and maximize performance in a multi-site environment.
At booths #46 and #47, eMaint and Fluke representatives will be demonstrating their ground-breaking asset reliability platform that helps organizations increase uptime with a seamless integration of maintenance devices, data and systems.
About eMaint
As the leading provider of Computerized Maintenance Management Software (CMMS) and Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) solutions, eMaint, a Fluke Company, improves the way over 50,000 users worldwide manage, monitor and control assets.
eMaint's diverse and global client base consists of small, midsized and enterprise organisations in industries such as manufacturing, facilities, services, fleet, energy, government and education. The company has been recognized by Plant Engineering as the Gold Award winner in the Maintenance Software category, the Inc. 5000 list of fastest-growing private companies in America, and the Deloitte Technology Fast 500 list. For more information, please visit www.emaint.com.
About Fluke
Founded in 1948, Fluke Corporation is the world leader in compact, professional electronic test tools and software for measuring and condition monitoring. Fluke customers are technicians, engineers, electricians, maintenance managers, and metrologists who install, troubleshoot, and maintain industrial, electrical, and electronic equipment and calibration processes. For information on Fluke tools and applications, or to find the location of a distributor, contact Fluke Corporation, P.O. Box 9090, Everett, WA USA 98206, call (800) 44-FLUKE (800-443-5853), fax (425) 446-5116, e-mail fluke-info@fluke.com or visit the Fluke Web site at www.fluke.com.
Police in Dundee are monitoring a number of makeshift skateparks that have sprung up in the city's West End.
Residents near Thomson Street are concerned after youths on skateboards were believed to have accessed the derelict Tay Rope Works in Magdalen Yard Road over recent weeks.
The building, which currently has planning approval in place for five houses and two flats to be built, has become a public safety concern.
West End councillor Fraser Macpherson has called for the site be “properly secured”.
They said: “I have received a few complaints from tenants regarding people on skateboards accessing the site recently.
“The concern first and foremost is for the public's safety. It is a derelict building which hasn't been occupied for a number of years.
“Access can be gained from a number of entry points around the building.
“The main access point on Magdalen Yard Road has been secured recently to deter people trying to force entry into the premises.
“Building control at the council is currently taking action to secure another one of the entry points at the moment to ensure it can't be accessed into the building.
“At this moment in time, the only people accessing the site should be doing so with a hard hat and a pair of safety boots.”
Dundee currently has purpose-built skateparks in Balunie Drive and Dudhope Park and police say they are monitoring the situation.
Officers said they were aware of issues at Magdalen Yard Road, as well as makeshift ramps being found along with alcohol containers near the underpass at Clovis Duveau Drive.
PC Jill Smith said local community officers would be patrolling both areas to keep an eye on the issues.
They added: “We are aware there has been concern over youths using make-shift ramps and using premises at Magdalen Yard Road as a makeshift skatepark.
“There have been similar issues at the underpass near Invergowrie, which we are also looking at.
“We will be engaging with people in the local community and monitoring the situation at both the sites over the coming weeks.”
Open Letter to Shareholders Summarizes Recent Milestones
MIAMI, FL--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Progressive Care, Inc. ( OTC PINK : RXMD) ("Progressive" or the "Company"), a South Florida health services organization and provider of prescription pharmaceuticals specializing in health practice risk management, the sale of anti-retroviral medications and related medication therapy management, the sale and rental of durable medical equipment and the supply of prescription medications to long term care facilities, releases the following letter to Shareholders from the Company's Chief Executive Officer, S. Parikh Mars:
Dear Progressive Care Shareholders,
2017 has taken off at a blistering pace. The New Year has brought exciting opportunities and a renewed sense of purpose in pursuing our goals and mission to elevate the role of pharmacies in the health care industry. Last year was full of accomplishments both big and small. These accomplishments have been the foundation upon which we plan to execute an ambitious agenda in the coming months and years.
I want to thank all of the shareholders for their continued support of the Company. Through your tremendous loyalty we have been able to reach new heights and seek out opportunities for growth that will make a difference this year.
Significant Achievements
At the end of 2015, Progressive Care and its wholly owned subsidiary PharmCo, LLC were on the precipice of great things. The 3(a)(10) transaction was completed in December 2015, eliminating nearly $2 million in aged debt off the balance sheet. Without any encumbrances, we moved steadfastly on our mission to transform the role of the pharmacy in the healthcare system and achieve success through aggressive growth of our brand and level of service.
Our first achievement came in early in the year by moving to the OTC Pink Current Information Tier. We also engaged an auditing firm to conduct third party reviews of our quarterly financial statements. Our efforts greatly improved the visibility and reliability of our public information, providing more trust and transparency to our shareholders.
We then embarked on a schedule of investor conferences to provide shareholders and investors an opportunity to interact with the management team in person. These conferences yielded relationships and feedback that have helped us navigate our future as a public company. With the wind at our back we began taking the necessary steps to reach the next level both financially and operationally.
During the summer of 2016, the pace of the company's development accelerated with Chicago Ventures as our secured financing partner and the engagement of Boustead Securities, a California based broker/dealer (Formerly Monarch Bay Securities) to locate and secure mergers and acquisitions. With the first tranche of funds from Chicago Ventures, we have been able to complete the build-out of the warehouse space and start our new business venture, Smart Medical Alliance, a healthcare consulting company. Its goal is to unify the performance of the pharmacy and the physician to generate optimal health outcomes.
During the third and fourth quarters, the operation experienced many developments. With the warehouse space built-out and the Script Pro automation system installed, the filling capacity of the pharmacy has nearly tripled. The new work flow systems have improved efficiency, decreased waste, and enhanced accuracy. It also has allowed for more square footage to be devoted to long term care pharmacy services.
During 2016, PharmCo achieved 20,000 prescriptions filled in a single month, sustained positive cash flows, and profitability. Prescription counts grew over 20% and revenues grew over 34% when compared to 2015. Growth trends were due in large part to expanded marketing efforts, directed advertising, and word-of-mouth of PharmCo's performance rating and the ability of the pharmacy to improve the performance ratings of the physicians it serves. The company provides services to nearly 12,000 patients of diverse demographics across South Florida.
2016 Key Highlights
OTC Pink Current Information
Engagement of PCAOB auditing firm for third party reviews of financial statements
Secured financing partner: Chicago Ventures
Secured Broker/Dealer Partner: Boustead Securities
Attended multiple investor conferences
Conducted Quarterly Earnings Calls
Completed build-out of warehouse space
Installed Script Pro Automation System
Achieved 20,000 prescriptions filled in a single month
Started Smart Medical Alliance, healthcare consulting company
Became the primary 340B pharmacy for Empower U
Switched Pharmacy Services Administration Organization (PSAO) and primary wholesale vender to Epic Pharmacy Network and McKesson
Increased year-over-year prescription counts and revenues by over 20% and 34% respectively
Cash flow positive and positive earnings
Outlook
2017 brings many uncertainties for the healthcare industry. Changes are already underway by Pharmacy Benefits Management (PBM) companies to restrict networks, lower reimbursements, greatly reduce fee-for-service contracts and enhance capitated risk and performance reviews. In addition, government policy remains in flux with regard to regulations and maintenance of the healthcare system as a whole. As we adjust, we have been making great strides in diversifying our patient and physician base. We are also continually updating our products and services to best meet the needs of our customers as well as comply with the rules of an ever changing industry.
To start the year, we have engaged Berkowitz Pollack Brant, a PCAOB auditing firm, to conduct a full audit of the Annual Report to be issued for 2016 results. This will be the first set of audited financial statements of the company since 2011. As we move forward with our growth agenda, we will make sure that audited financial statements are no longer an impediment to securing the right avenues of advancement and development.
PharmCo has already secured another 340B contract with Community AIDS Network which will be active as of April 1, 2017. We look forward to developing this and all of our revenue streams including non-sterile compounding, Medication Therapy Management (MTM), and long term care. We will aim to maintain a stable foot hold in the community and continue to grow organically as we expand across the Southern half of Florida.
PharmCo also established a resource center in Century Village of Pembroke Pines with over 17,000 residents over the age of 55 years old. This resource center is for the exclusive use of Century Village residents and acts as a linkage point for the residents to get information about their prescriptions and what PharmCo can do for them. We anticipate that this resource center will yield profitable results during the year and be a platform to reaching the surrounding health care providers and other Century Village communities in Florida.
The following are our strategic goals for 2017:
Achieve 25,000 prescriptions filled in a single month by December 2017
Increase annual overall sales to $22 million
Secure additional 340B contracts and long term care facility relationships
Secure MSO contracts from insurance carriers for Smart Medical Alliance
Achieve accreditation for non-sterile compounding
Continue full enterprise profitability and earnings growth
Publish audited financial statements and leverage these statements to secure new investment opportunities for mergers and acquisitions
Achieve profitability for the Century Village and Smart Medical Alliance ventures
Closing Remarks
Many of our shareholders have been with the company for many years. They have witnessed downturns most other companies would not be able to overcome only to see us now steadily climbing the mountain of success. 2017 will be a year of tremendous change for the healthcare industry, but with this comes the opportunity to seize great prosperity for those who are ready. This company has the ability to adapt at a moment's notice and is ready to take advantage of the momentum we have built over the last 2 years. With our corporate vision, team of skilled professionals, and the strength of our convictions to guide us, we believe that this year will be our best yet.
Best regards,
S. Parikh Mars,
Chief Executive Officer
Progressive Care, Inc.
About Progressive Care (RXMD)
Progressive Care, Inc. ( OTC PINK : RXMD), through its subsidiary PharmCo, LLC, is a South Florida health services organization and provider of prescription pharmaceuticals specializing in health practice risk management, the sale of anti-retroviral medications and related medication therapy management, the sale and rental of durable medical equipment and the supply of prescription medications to long term care facilities.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Any statements contained in this press release that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed forward-looking statements. Words such as "continue," "will," "may," "could," "should," "expect," "expected," "plans," "intend," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "predict," "potential," and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, whether Progressive Care or its business continues to grow and whether any additional financing can be secured by Progressive Care and whether such additional financing will be adequate to meet the Company's objectives. All forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, many of which are generally outside the control of Progressive Care and are difficult to predict. Examples of such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: (i) Progressive Care's ability (or inability) to obtain additional financing in sufficient amounts or on acceptable terms when needed; (ii) Progressive Care's ability to successfully expand in existing markets and enter new markets; (iii) Progressive Care's ability to successfully manage and integrate any acquisitions of businesses, solutions or technologies; (iv) unanticipated operating costs, transaction costs and actual or contingent liabilities; (v) the ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel; (vi) adverse effects of increased competition on Progressive Care's business; (vii) changes in government licensing and regulation that may adversely affect Progressive Care's business; (viii) the risk that changes in consumer behavior could adversely affect Progressive Care's business; (ix) local, industry and general business and economic conditions. Additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements can be found in the most recent annual report contained in our Consolidated Financial Statements for the Year Ended December 31, 2015 and the subsequently filed quarterly reports in our Consolidated Financial Statements for the Quarter Ended March 31; June 30; and September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) filed with OTC Disclosure and News Service and current reports on Form 8-K filed by Progressive Care with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Progressive Care anticipates that subsequent events and developments may cause its plans, intentions and expectations to change. Progressive Care assumes no obligation, and it specifically disclaims any intention or obligation, to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as expressly required by law.
LAS VEGAS — Officials in Las Vegas are warning the recreational marijuana industry against any advertising that can be considered promoting public consumption.
Las Vegas marijuana business owners last week received a letter from Department of Business License Director Jaqueline Holloway reaffirming marijuana regulations.
The letter issued Monday threatens to suspend or take away licenses of dispensaries for any involvement with non-licensed cannabis businesses and anything “that promotes public consumption.”
The letter says businesses can't publicize marijuana yoga and swimming events, nor parties and dinners, “even if the events are held in a private residence.” Holloway also labels weed consumption on tour buses and limousines “unlawful.”
DETROIT (AP) — Kameron Chatman had 21 points with eight rebounds to lead all five Detroit Mercy starters in double-figure scoring in a 74-60 victory over IUPUI on Friday night.
Chatman, who had four assists and three steals, scored 12 points in the first half when Detroit took a 38-28 lead after shooting 52 percent and leading by as many at 18.
The Titans led the entire game and made 8 of 19 3-point tries. Roschon Prince and Josh McFolley added 14 points with McFolley making four of the Titans' 11 steals. DeShawndre Black scored 13 points and Cole Long 12 with seven assists for the Titans (7-17, 3-8 Horizon).
Jaylen Minnett led the Jaguars (7-15, 4-7), who have lost four straight, with four 3-pointers for their 12 points. IUPUI didn't get closer than seven in the second half.
The victory avenged an 81-66 loss at IUPUI on Jan. 16.
MIAMI (AP) - Police say seven people, including three teenagers, were injured in a New Year's Day shooting in Miami-Dade's West Little River neighborhood.
The Miami Herald (http://hrld.us/2hEq8Ny ) reports that police say the victims were standing outside a house at around 6 p.m. Sunday when a car pulled and someone inside opened fire.
Police say six of the victims are in stable condition. A 17-year-old is in critical condition.
Police say there may be more than one suspect. A description of the suspect's vehicle was not given.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- James Russell Green, also known as Russell Green Jr., made their first appearance in court Monday, charged with statutory sodomy. Green is on administrative leave from their job at Northgate Middle School in the North Kansas City school district.
 They are a Technology for Life teacher at Northgate Middle School in the North Kansas CIty School District. Prosecutors say they used technology to find their sexual partners; some of those, prosecutors say, were underage.
Court records say Green had at least two victims -- a then 16-year-old boy from Smithville who just came forward -- though the crimes happened more than 10 years ago. The other victim was a former student of Green's, and court documents say they communicated as late as last week.
That first victim told prosecutors Green bought them a car, a cell phone, and tennis shoes as their relationship turned physical. This allegedly took place in 2005, when Green was 41 years old.
FOX 4's Rebecca Gannon spoke with some of Green's former students, people who they had in class and coached on swim teams. Some said they feel betrayed because they really trusted him. Others said they knew it was just a matter of time before they were arrested.
"I kinda knew this was going to happen, eventually," said Daniel Bourne via Skype on Monday. Bourne was a swimmer on the Blue Springs South team in 2006, when James Green was a coach.
"He was just creepy," said Bourne with a sigh. "Honestly. I felt something off about him, when they were actually coaching us."
"He would ask me if I messed around with any of the guys on the swim team," explained Bourne. "Listed off all these guys I swam with, basically. And asked what I did with them. I found it inappropriate."
Bourne now lives in Denver, but other people FOX 4 spoke with said the same thing.
"I knew it was coming," said Bourne. "I knew it was going to happen eventually. Because if they were saying this to me, and fantasizing about all that stuff with other swimmers that I was on the team with, if they were going to do it with the swimmers that they were teaching at the time, who were all underage, you know?"
Bourne said Green sent them messages via a gay dating site after Bourne turned 18. But investigators said Green also used technology to contact 16-year-old boys.
Parents of students at Northgate Middle School, from which Green currently is on administrative leave, are concerned.
"This kind of thing," said parent Melody Conner, "he's in their 50's. It didn't start when they were 49; it didn't start then. How long has they had access to kids?"
Conner and others are concerned about their children, any other victims there may be of Green, and making sure no other teachers are taking inappropriate actions with children.
This is the second time in two years a Northgate Middle School teacher has been implicated for having sex with students.
"It's probably not the second teacher," said Conner. "It's probably the second teacher on the news."
In 2016, Samuel Waltemath pleaded guilty to second degree sodomy. They were accused of meeting a young teenage girl at night, and raping them in a treehouse.
Regarding Green, there may be more victims out there. They have a 30+ year teaching career in the Kansas City metro area.
Green began their career in North Kansas City schools in 1990.
1990-91 School year: Eastgate Middle
1991-92 School year: Antioch Middle
1992-93 through 2004-05 School years: Oak Park High School
2005-06 through 2008-2009 School Years: Blue Springs South High2010-11 to present – Northgate Middle School
The FBI has set up a hotline for any of Green's additional victims to call: (816) 805-5138.
Investigators believe Green is a danger to the community because in addition to admitting to having sex with two underage boys, Green said they videotaped boys in locker room settings.
Bourne, for their part, is interested to see if other victims come forward. Their 10-year high school reunion is this year.
"I'm kind of, actually, shocked that it takes this long," they said. "But it's understandable, because most people don't want to talk about this kind of thing."
James Ray with Boy Scout Troop 246 renovated the center's flagpole and flagpole area for their Eagle Scout project. Ray laid out two walkways leading up to the flagpole, added a base and flowerbed to the bottom of the flagpole and a solar light and scraped and repainted the flagpole.
Ray also received donations of American and Tennessee flags from state Rep. Mark Pody.
Ray, a Lebanon native, said he's always ventured past the center, and the flagpole got their attention one day.
“I noticed the flagpole out here. It was a little bit old and rugged and needed a bit of repair. I was a life scout at the time, so I thought it would be a good Eagle Scout project to do,” Ray said.
Ray said the project took 11 months, which included planning, fundraising and approval from the Lebanon City Council.
“It's very nice. There were times we would have to lower the flag at half-staff, and we would have to walk in wet grass, and it wasn't pleasant. So, when they said that they would like to add the steps, I thought, ‘Oh, wonderful.' With their encouragement, we were able to get a light on top of the pole, as well as the bottom,” said Lebanon Senior Center director Patti Watts.
Ray and the center also received recognition from the Sons of the American Revolution for acts of patriotism and proper display of the American flag.
Ray also had two rocking chairs donated to the center, along with $200 leftover from the project.
“The chairs and money wasn't a planned part of my project, but as a token of my appreciation for letting me conduct the project on their grounds, it was kind of my gift to them,” Ray said.
Nashville, Tennessee, August 14, 2017 – The number of categories and awards for the Tennessee Titans Mr. Football Awards will see a change this year. With the recent addition of another football class, bringing the total number of classes to nine, a change in the number of categories and awards has been made.
The format this year will see the elimination of the Back and Lineman categories, and will now have one “Mr. Football” award per class. There will be five “semifinalists” announced for each class, as well as the Kicker of the Year award. Three finalists in each class, for a total of 30, will be honored at the awards luncheon, with a total of 10 winners being named.
From 2015 to present day, awards were presented in Lineman and Back categories in six classifications in Division I (1A-6A) and two classes in Division II (A and AA). Four “semifinalists” were announced in each category, followed by an announcement of two “finalists” for each category. The two finalists attend the awards luncheon. A total of 34 individuals were honored at the award ceremony, with 17 individuals being named winners of the Mr. Football Award.
The Tennessee Titans Mr. Football Awards will be presented at Nissan Stadium, home of the Titans on Monday, November 27 . The awards will be presented in conjunction with a luncheon on the West Club Level at Nissan Stadium.
“As always, we're very thankful to the Tennessee Titans for their continued commitment to high school athletics,” stated Bernard Childress, Executive Director of the TSSAA.
“The changes to the format make being named a winner, finalist, or semifinalist truly special. We are very excited and appreciative about being involved with the Titans, as they have helped make the recognition of these student-athletes, their families, and schools possible,” added Childress.
Kim Jong Nam at Tokyo's Narita airport in 2001. Toshifumi Kitamura / AFP – Getty Images
The man who died at the airport was carrying documents identifying them as 46-year-old Kim Chol, according to Malaysian police.
However, lawmakers from South Korea, bitter enemy of the North, said that their intelligence agencies believe this was a false alias and that the man was in fact the half-brother of North Korea's dictator.
South Korea's National Intelligence Service (NIS) said Kim Jong Nam has been under a “kill order” since their half-brother took power in 2011, according to opposition politician Kim Byung Kee.
NIS officials believe two women approached Kim and poisoned them as they were waiting in line for a flight to Macau, according to the lawmaker, although they added they were waiting for the autopsy report.
The man who is thought to be Kim Jong-un's sibling fell ill and died en route to the hospital.
Two women fled the scene in a taxi, South Korean officials said, although it was not immediately clear whether either of them was the women who was reportedly arrested Wednesday.
Believed to be aged in their 40s, Kim Jong Nam is believed to have fallen out of favor with the regime in 2001 after they were caught trying to enter Japan under a fake passport, saying they wanted to enter Tokyo Disneyland.
Their reported death comes days after North Korea declared
its first missile test since the inauguration of President Donald Trump.
Earlier this month, South Korea said its secretive northern neighbor
dismissed its minister of state security, who was a key aide to Kim Jong-un and ran the country's secret police.
Henry Aparicio appears in court in Las Vegas on May 18, 2018. (Dylan Kendrick/FOX5)
The man suspected of killing a couple in a DUI crash at Hualapai Way and Sahara Avenue Tuesday faces up to 60 years behind bars.
Henry Aparicio, 23, appeared in a Las Vegas courtroom Friday. A judge set their bail at $500,000.
Court records show Aparicio has been charged with two counts of driving under the influence resulting in death, one count of driving under the influence resulting in substantial bodily harm, and three counts of reckless driving resulting in death or substantial bodily harm.
According to Las Vegas Metro police, Aparicio was behind the wheel of a Mercedes when it struck a Toyota Prius that was stopped at a red light. Police said Aparicio was driving at a high rate of speed and impairment was a factor in the crash.
Damaso and Christa Peunte, who were in the Toyota, died at the scene of the crash, police said.
[RELATED: Friends say Las Vegas couple, killed in suspected DUI crash, was trying to start a family]
The passenger in the Mercedes, identified as 23-year-old Morgan Hurley, was injured and treated at University Medical Center, police said.
Aparicio is scheduled to appear in court again on May 21.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
A West Point volunteer who has been a mentor to Askew and other cadets, said she'll hold them up as a role model for girls when they hold wor…
Deir Ezzor, SANA- Units of the Army and Armed Forces downed an ISIS radio-controlled plane carrying explosives in the surroundings of Deir Ezzor Airport as part of their continued operations against ISIS in Deir Ezzor city and its surroundings.
SANA's reporter in Deir Ezzor said that the Deir Ezzor Airport garrison clashed with a group of ISIS terrorists in the surroundings of the Airport and downed a radio-controlled plane carrying explosives and equipped with a camera before arriving at its target.
The source added that an army unit killed a number of ISIS terrorists and destroyed one of their hideouts in al-Rashdiyeh neighborhood in the city.
Meanwhile, the Syrian Air Force carried out airstrikes targeting the ISIS fortifications and movements in the villages of al-Shoula, al-Bghiliyeh, the Cemeteries, Aiyyash, Ein al-Bujumaa and the Panorama area, destroying their fortifications, weapons, and ammunition and leaving a number of them dead or injured.
In the same context, local sources said that a number of young men killed the so-called Emirs of the recruits in al-Mayadin and Abu Kamal, terrorists Jadallah Abdel-Ra'of and Ziad al-Noubi, both of whom were Egyptians.
A group of locals killed 3 terrorists who were moving on Abu Kamal-Hasibeh road and destroyed their car, while another group of locals in the eastern countryside of the province killed 7 terrorists among them 4 from foreign nationalities in al-Katef area in Abu Kamal city.
Large numbers of ISIS terrorists escaped from the province, including one of their leaders named Youssef al-Marhoun, according to the sources.
Terrorists from ISIS executed one person in al-Tebni town in the northwestern countryside of Deir Ezzor and killed another while they were trying to escape from the terrorist organization in al-Kasrah town in the northern countryside of the province.
H. Zain/ Hazem Sabbagh
A 10-year-old boy and their sister were walking home from the Albertson's near Blue Diamond and Cimarron when teens shot at them with a bb gun.
“It's right here, where the band-aid is, that's the wound,” Rodrigo Franco said pointing to the spot on their leg where they were shot with the BB gun.
“We were walking back from Albertson's with the groceries we needed for dinner,” they said.
The Albertson's is less than a half a mile away from where Rodrigo and their family lives.
“I heard a pop then I heard another, then I heard my brother,” their sister Gisela said. “He just kind of fell and groaned, and just kept saying ‘Ow! Ow! Ow!'”
There were two shots fired. One hit Rodrigo in the back of the leg, the other narrowly missed Gisela.
“I turned around and they were laughing at us,” Gisela said.
Rodrigo made it home limping and bleeding, and when their mom saw him, they called the neighbors for help. Brandon Westly said they went to go and try and find who did it.
They said they saw two teens and confronted them. One ran away, so they questioned the other.
“He said, 'Search me, I don't got anything. 'My friend did it'”,” Westly said.
After Rodrigo was taken care of, police were called.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Privacy Concern Raised Over Search Service on Verizon Phones Is Verizon planning to spy on its customers? You might conclude that it is after reading Verizon's privacy policy on an upcoming AppFlash service, which promises easier access to search and apps on Android phones. The policy says Verizon may share data on features and services you use, along with the list of apps you have installed on your phone, with other Verizon businesses to target ads. The privacy watchdog Electronic Frontier Foundation described AppFlash as "spyware." Not so fast, Verizon says. In a statement to clarify its intentions, Verizon says users must explicitly grant permission before using AppFlash. Verizon says customers will be able to easily disable the service, and no one will be required to use it. The statement, however, doesn't say exactly what permission Verizon is seeking. The privacy policy says users can control AppFlash's access to your location and contact information, but says nothing about giving control over broader usage data. At most, users can turn off ad tracking on the phone by digging through the settings. The EFF has since retracted Thursday's blog post, pending further investigation. The group had said AppFlash represents Verizon's intention "to start monetizing its customers' private data as soon as possible." The post came just days after Congress voted to block Obama-era restrictions on what internet-access companies like Verizon could do with information about you. Verizon has gotten heat over user privacy before. Last year, Verizon agreed to pay a $1.35 million fine over a "supercookie" that federal regulators said followed phone customers on the internet without their permission. The complaints come as Verizon evolves into an advertising business, with the purchase of AOL in 2015 and the upcoming acquisition of Yahoo's internet businesses. Verizon, in knowing what web sites and apps you use, could charge companies more for ads that are targeted to your personal habits. Android phones and iPhones already come with search services similar to AppFlash. The main difference is when people use AppFlash, Verizon gets more data on your interactions and can target ads accordingly. AppFlash is a Verizon-branded version of Evie Launcher, which people can already get through the Android app store. After installation, one swipe from a phone edge brings up a search bar; one search pulls content from the web and installed apps at once. For instance, after searching for the movie "Beauty and the Beast," Evie offers one-tap access to buy tickets through Fandango or to read reviews through IMDB or Rotten Tomatoes. Verizon says AppFlash will be tested initially on a single phone, LG's K20 V. Verizon has offered no details on its plans beyond that, though the app is for Android only and Apple forbids carriers from shipping iPhones with their own apps already installed. While Verizon promises to seek permission, it's not yet known how Verizon will do that and how clear it will be in explaining what's being collected and how it will be used. Evie Launcher does ask permission to access location and contact information, and you can say no. It also asks for permission to replace the regular home screen experience for launching individual apps. However, Evie says nothing about privacy during the setup; its privacy policy online says personal information such as usage activity and search queries will be collected, but not shared with third parties. For those who use AppFlash, Verizon says data collected may be shared with other Verizon businesses for ad targeting. AOL, which Verizon owns, can place ads tailored web users on many other sites, too. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Verizon, Privacy, AppFlash, Spyware, Electronic Frontier Foundation
Congratulations to the new parents and their children, who will probably have more talent in their pinky toes than I have in my entire body.
TORONTO — The Canada Border Services Agency says it has seized seven kilograms of suspected cocaine from the bottom of food trolleys on an airplane.
The agency says it made the discovery earlier this month while carrying out a routine inspection of an aircraft landing at Toronto's Pearson International Airport.
It says officers noticed something unusual about the catering trolleys on board and examined them more closely.
Officers eventually found seven brick-shaped packages on the bottom of the food carts that contained white powder wrapped in plastic.
The agency says the packages were taken to a lab where they tested positive for suspected cocaine.
The agency did not release details on where the packages originated from or if charges are pending.
The Canadian Press
DETROIT — Alondra Alvarez lives about five minutes from their high school on Detroit's southwest side but they drive there instead of walking because their mother fears for their safety. Once the 18-year-old enters the building, their surroundings take on a more secure feel almost immediately as they pass through a bank of closely monitored metal detectors.
“My mom has never been comfortable with me walking to school. My mom is really scared of street thugs,” said Alvarez, who attends Western International.
As schools around the U.S. look for ways to impose tougher security measures in the wake of last month's school shooting in Parkland, Florida, that left 17 people dead, they don't have to look further than urban districts such as Detroit, Chicago, Los Angeles and New York that installed metal detectors and other security in the 1980s and 1990s to combat gang and drug violence.
Security experts believe these measures have made urban districts less prone to mass shootings, which have mostly occurred in suburban and rural districts.
Officials in some suburban and rural school districts are now considering detectors as they rethink their security plans after the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, where 19-year-old former student Nikolas Cruz allegedly brought in a duffel bag containing an assault rifle and opened fire. He's charged with 17 counts of first-degree murder and 17 counts of attempted murder.
The massacre has galvanized thousands of students around the country who walked out of their classrooms for 17 minutes — one for each Parkland victim — on March 14 to protest gun violence.
“I think urban schools are eons ahead. They've been dealing with violence a lot longer than suburban schools,” said Philip Smith, president of the National African American Gun Association.
During the mid-1980s, Detroit was one of the first districts in the nation to put permanent, walk-through metal detectors in high schools and middle schools. New York schools also had them in some buildings.
By 1992, metal detectors had been installed in a few dozen Chicago high schools. And in 1993, under pressure to make schools safer, Los Angeles' district announced that it would randomly search students with metal detectors.
Such measures “are designed to identify and hopefully deter anybody from bringing a weapon to school, but metal detectors alone portray an illusion of being safe,” said Nikolai Vitti, superintendent of the 50,000-student Detroit Public Schools Community District.
“Our schools need to be safer than they are,” Vitti said. “As a nation, we need to fully fund and make sure all districts can adequately staff school resource officers and also offer mental health and first-aid training to all educators.”
Security measures don't always keep guns off school grounds. A 17-year-old high school senior was killed and another student wounded March 7 in a Birmingham, Alabama, classroom shooting. Metal detectors at the school were not in use that day. A 17-year-old student has been charged with manslaughter.
Two students were shot and three people suffered other injuries in February when a gun in a backpack accidentally fired inside a Los Angeles Unified School District middle school. The district does random metal-detector wand searches daily in middle schools and high schools. A 12-year-old girl has been charged with being a minor in possession of a firearm and having a weapon on school grounds.
In response to the Parkland shooting, Florida's governor has said they want to spend $500 million to increase law enforcement and mental health counsellors at schools, to make buildings more secure with metal detectors and to create an anonymous tip line.
A package of legislation passed by the New York state Senate includes provisions for metal detectors and improved security technology in schools. A parent in Knox County, Kentucky, has said their law office would donate $25,000 for metal detectors in schools there.
Alvarez, the student at Detroit's Western International, said they and others who attend the school go through metal detectors every morning. Them elementary and middle schools also had metal detectors.
“I've always seen it as something that made me feel safe,” they said, adding that all schools should have them and not just inner-city ones “so students don't feel discriminated against.”
Metal detectors are seen as a symptom of a “stigma that already exists,” said Mark Fancher, staff attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union of Michigan's Racial Justice Project.
“There is a presumption that urban schools — particularly those with students of colour — are violent places and security demands you have procedures in place that are intended to protect the safety of the students,” Fancher said.
But metal detectors, property searches, security guards and police in schools create conditions similar to those found in prisons, they said.
“Students, themselves, internalize these things,” Fancher said. “If you create a school that looks like a prison, the people who go there will pretty much decide that's what is expected of them.”
Many urban districts have a greater awareness and sensitivity when it comes to students' needs, said Kenneth Trump, president of the Cleveland-based National School Safety and Security Services, a K-12 security consulting firm.
“I think in urban schools, the approach of most of the educators, administrators and security personnel is, ‘We realize there are issues kids bring to school,”‘ said Trump, who has been in the school safety field for more than 30 years. “The people will tell you, ‘We are not in denial … we acknowledge our problems. We just don't have enough resources to deal with it.”‘
Suburban and rural administrators, parents and students often view themselves as different from their big-city counterparts, and that may impact how they treat school security, they said.
“There's very often that divide of ‘There's us and there's them. We're not the urban district. We are the alternative. We're the place people go to get away from the urban district,”‘ they said.
——
Associated Press writer Jesse Holland in Washington contributed to this report.
By SHERRI RUGGIERI
Recently, I represented a client for a motor vehicle violation in one of the many Municipal Courts in New Jersey. This client looked at the operation of our legal system with the eyes of an outsider. They observed, “It doesn't seem fair that the lawyers speak with the prosecutors first. The notice tells us to be here at a certain time, but nothing is happening.” I joked that part of the punishment for a violation is the waiting. I could feel their restlessness.
“Not like the legal shows on television? Municipal Court is not glamorous,” I added. Then I told them about my days teaching college classes. One of the courses was called Gender, Race, and Class. Many of my students expressed their frustration with a system that is rigged to always favor those with power and money. I compared equal opportunity to an arcade's claw crane (claw grab machine) game. The claw is usually too weak to pick up the prize even if it is in the proper position. However, sometimes people win.
Back in tedious setting of Municipal Court, the cast of characters: judges, prosecutors, public defenders, police officers, defendants, attorney, etc. are trying to move the legal process along swiftly and efficiently. There does seem to be a legitimate striving for equal opportunity and justice in the Municipal Court system. Nonetheless, many of the defendants with lawyers are processed faster. Is the price of a lawyer worth a shorter wait time? Will money always bring you to the front of the line? Does money and power offer an unfair advantage?
Sherri Ruggieri is the managing editor of Empire State News. A practicing attorney for over 20 years, Ms. Ruggieri is also chairperson of Edison Township's Planning Board. Additionally, they have served as a college professor, with nearly a decade of experience in teaching law and political science courses.
COMMENTS DISABLED BY SITE.
YOU MAY, HOWEVER, COMMENT THROUGH FACEBOOK.
Visualization
Data Notes
I wanted to take a look at marital status in the US at a fairly local level, so I used 2011-2015 ACS 5 Year data from the U.S. Census Bureau to create this visualization. I downloaded the data from American Factfinder. It was located in table DP02 under Marital Status. I edited out the rows I needed in Excel and then created the visualization in Tableau.
It is worth pointing out that these figures include only people that have the current marital status of “Divorced”. Someone that was divorced and remarried or someone that was divorced, remarried, and then widowed would not be captured in these totals.
If you want to keep up with our surveys and data analysis, be sure to follow us on Twitter and Facebook.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration's drive to wean poor people from government benefits by making them work has been slowed by a federal judge framing a fundamental question: Are poverty programs meant to show tough love or to help the needy?
U.S. District Judge James E. Boasberg in Washington last week halted Kentucky's first-in-the-nation experiment with Medicaid work requirements, ruling that the Trump administration glossed over potential coverage losses. They sent the state's plan back to federal authorities for a harder look.
The debate goes well beyond Medicaid, the federal-state health program for low-income and disabled people.
This spring, President Donald Trump signed an executive order directing cabinet agencies to add or strengthen work requirements for programs including subsidized housing, food stamps and cash welfare. The government's biggest assistance program for low-income people — the Earned Income Tax Credit — is already designed to supplement earnings from work.
Boasberg found that “medical assistance” is by law a “central objective” of Medicaid. While work requirements might be allowable if that's what a state wants, “there may be limits to how much (coverage) loss is too much,” they wrote.
Kentucky's Republican Gov. Matt Bevin wanted to impose work requirements on some 428,000 state residents who got Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act's expansion. Optional for states, the expansion passed under former President Barack Obama covers about 12 million people nationally, mainly adults.
Kentucky expanded Medicaid under a Democratic governor. Bevin argues that the cost is unsustainable for their state, even with Washington paying at least 90 percent of the bill, because many more people signed up than initially expected. The state estimated that work requirements would save money, reducing the Medicaid rolls by about 95,000 people over five years.
That number got the judge's attention.
Boasberg ruled that the federal Health and Human Services department didn't dig deeply enough into the potential coverage losses. The department “paid no attention to that deprivation,” they wrote, and “this oversight is glaring,” amounting to rubber-stamping the state's request.
Although state and federal officials contend that many people leaving Medicaid would find private coverage, Boasberg said there was no hard analysis, no “bottom-line estimate.”
The ruling seemed to catch the Trump administration unprepared.
Seema Verma, head of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, called it “disappointing.” The administration may appeal, or it may re-run its evaluation of the Kentucky plan to meet the judge's concerns. Medicaid work requirements in a few other states are unaffected.
However, the ruling may make it much harder to approve work requirements in states that have not expanded Medicaid. In such states, Medicaid recipients would face a high risk of losing health care because even paltry earnings could make them ineligible for continued coverage.
Verma said the administration won't be deterred from nudging the poor to go to work.
“We will continue to support innovative, state-driven policies that are designed to advance the objectives of the Medicaid program by improving health outcomes for thousands of low-income Americans,” they said in a statement. Work improves health, the administration argues.
The nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation estimates that about 60 percent of adults with Medicaid are already working, and among those not working, most either have health problems, are taking care of home or family or are students.
Advocates for low-income people say they feel like a corner has been turned, even if the issue is far from settled.
“What's particularly significant is that the judge basically said you have to look at the purpose of Medicaid, which is to provide coverage,” said Judy Solomon of the nonprofit Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. Work requirements “were outside the core objectives of the Medicaid program, and they basically said you can't ignore the core objectives.”
Others point out that the judge stopped short of deciding the merits of the case, focusing instead on problems with the process that HHS followed in approving Kentucky's request.
Matt Salo, executive director of the nonpartisan National Association of Medicaid Directors, said work requirements may serve the purposes of Medicaid in some states, particularly if that helps convince conservative lawmakers to expand coverage to more uninsured people.
“There's a broader issue at play here about maintaining political support and the sustainability of the program,” said Salo. “Does the inability to do a work requirement lead to a scenario where Kentucky is going to get rid of the entire expansion?”
So far that hasn't happened, but Bevin did cut Medicaid dental and vision coverage in response to the judge's ruling.
The case is Stewart vs. Azar.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
With every Indiana Pacers playoff game, NBA fans are treated to the many angry faces of Pacers president Larry Bird.
It's practically become a Pacers playoff tradition, and Monday's Game 2 in Cleveland was no exception. Late in the first quarter, a Pacers turnover led to a LeBron James runout and breakaway dunk.
6 PTS, 2 AST & 2 Rebs early on for LeBron James.@NBAonTNT pic.twitter.com/2XszLJ1ldP — NBA (@NBA) April 17, 2017
Sure, it was early in the game, but Bird didn't care. Every negative play makes them visibly angry, and it doesn't get much worse than a LeBron dunk against their team on the road. TNT almost immediately panned over to Bird.
He's been better.
Larry Bird is not amused. pic.twitter.com/drqIk3KouM — Bleacher Report (@BleacherReport) April 18, 2017
Nothing will top this shot, though.
Never change, Larry.
Image copyright Getty Images
Women who are overweight or obese but otherwise healthy are still at an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, a large study suggests.
The analysis tracked the health of 90,257 women in the US for up to 30 years.
Those with excess weight were likelier to have a stroke or heart attack, even if they had normal blood pressure and cholesterol and no diabetes, it found.
Researchers said it showed "healthy obesity is not a harmless condition".
Obesity affects almost all of the cardiovascular disease risk factors, such as high blood pressure, excess cholesterol and diabetes.
But some obese people do not appear to have these metabolic disorders, leading scientists to debate whether or not the excess weight actually raises their risk.
This new study found women who were overweight or obese (BMIs in excess of 25 and 30 respectively) but had none of these risk factors were 20% and 39% more likely to develop cardiovascular disease than women of a normal weight (BMI 18.5-24.9) who were metabolically healthy.
However, the authors said it showed an association rather than cause and effect, and was mainly in white women, meaning the findings cannot be generalised to other ethnic groups or men.
"Our large cohort study confirms that metabolically healthy obesity is not a harmless condition, and even women who remain free of metabolic diseases for decades face an increased risk of cardiovascular events," said Prof Matthias Schulze, from the German Institute of Human Nutrition Potsdam-Rehbruecke, who led the study.
Women who were a normal weight but metabolically unhealthy were around two-and-a-half times more likely to develop cardiovascular disease than women of the same weight who were metabolically healthy.
That risk was even greater in women who were overweight and obese, said the study, published in The Lancet Diabetes & Endocrinology journal.
Experts also found that the majority of metabolically healthy women developed either high blood pressure, excess cholesterol or diabetes as they got older, even if they were normal weight.
Fitness vs fatness
Prof Schulze added: "Our findings highlight the importance of preventing the development of metabolic diseases.
"They suggest that even individuals in good metabolic health may benefit from early behavioural management to improve their diet and increased physical activity in order to guard against progression to poor metabolic health."
Jeremy Pearson, associate medical director at the British Heart Foundation, added: "This large scale study confirms that obesity, even if unaccompanied by other warning signs, increases risk of cardiovascular disease in women."
However, Prof Carl Lavie, from the University of Queensland School of Medicine in New Orleans, who was not involved in the research, said they and colleagues had argued that "fitness is more important than fatness".
They noted that the study did not have precise data on the participants' physical activity and their cardio fitness.
They added: "It is prudent to remind ourselves that an ounce of prevention is better than a pound of cure."
BMI and obesity: Where are you on the UK fat scale?
Use this calculator to find out your own body mass index (BMI) and see how you compare with the rest of the nation. You will also get tips from health experts and useful links to information on how to improve your health.
If you can't see the calculator tap or click here.
Follow Alex on Twitter.
MEXICO CITY — The head of Mexico's conservative National Action Party presented their resignation Saturday, positioning themselves to run for president as the candidate of a left-right coalition in an increasingly crowded field.
Ricardo Anaya is poised to become the standard-bearer of the Forward for Mexico coalition comprising the National Action, Democratic Revolution and Citizens' Movement parties, which formally registered their alliance with election authorities Friday night.
An agreement between the parties stipulates that National Action gets to pick the presidential candidate while Democratic Revolution, or PRD, will run one of its own for the powerful office of Mexico City mayor.
“This electoral coalition will not only win the elections but achieve a deep transformation,” Anaya said after the coalition was registered.
Mexico City Mayor Miguel Angel Mancera, who had also been angling to be the alliance's candidate, said they had learned of the decision from their party late Friday.
“I respect the decision by the PRD because I owe it loyalty, although I deeply regret that no method or procedure has been given to compete openly and democratically,” Mancera said Saturday.
They added that they had declined an invitation to take part in the coalition's campaign leadership and would instead serve out their term as mayor overseeing Mexico City's recovery from a deadly earthquake in September.
National Action and the PRD originated on nearly opposite sides of the political spectrum, but they have put aside hostility several times to jointly back gubernatorial candidates in an effort to topple the long-dominant Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI.
But until now they have never backed a common presidential candidate.
Both parties have been riven by internal divisions that have split off important factions.
Former first lady Margarita Zavala has left National Action, known as the PAN, and is collecting signatures to get on the July 1, 2018, ballot as an independent.
Meanwhile two-time PRD presidential candidate Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador split with that party in recent years and now leads in early campaign polls as the candidate for the leftist Morena party that they founded.
All will be looking to unseat the PRI, of President Enrique Pena Nieto, which governed the country for seven decades before losing to the PAN in 2000 and 2006.
The PRI reclaimed the presidency in the 2012 election. Pena Nieto is ineligible to run again due to a ban on re-election.
Glarryford Women's Institute members and guests gathered for their annual general meeting recently in their traditional Farmer's Hall venue to reflect on a successful past year and look forward to the next.
Outgoing President Margaret Ferguson welcomed everyone before handing over proceedings to Marlene Walsh, Riada Area Representative, assisted by tellers Anne Patton and Irene Nevin.
Marlene Walsh (L) presents Joan Forsythe (Centre) and Jean Sayers (R) with the Glarryford WI 60th Anniversary Bowl
The financial and yearly reports were read and adopted and Marlene then declared all offices vacant and a ballot was held for the new committee who were elected as: Adeline Cherry, Eithna Crawford, Deborah Erwin, Olive Gillespie, Marion Gregg, Anne Johnston, May Kirkpatrick, Nan McLaughlin, Irene Millar, Sandra Patton, Tracy Paul, Alison Reid and Gillian Reid.
The outgoing committee served supper whilst the ballot for president was conducted, with May Kirkpatrick being elected to the top position.
Marlene went on to present the annual Competitions Cup jointly to Gertie Milligan and Jacqueline Matthews.
The crystal bowl awarded to the institute by Federation Chairman Elizabeth Warden in celebration of Glarryford's 60th
Newly elected president of Glarryford WI, May Kirkpatrick (L) and Marlene Walsh (R), Riada Area Representative
anniversary, was presented to outgoing secretary, Joan Forsythe and outgoing treasurer, Jean Sayers.
Margaret then conducted their final business meeting with a round-up of Glarryford's success at the Ballymena Show including winning the Runciman Bowl for the most points received by a WI and receipt of the Jane Black Trophy for most points awarded to a Slemish WI member by Glarryford member, Annie McAlonan. Sandra Patton was also congratulated for their first prize in the craft section.
The meeting then moved on to news of the recent arrival of grandchildren for some of the members and the sad announcement of the recent death of past member Lizzie McLaughlin. Margaret concluded by thanking all members for their support over the past two years and extended their best wishes to May and the new committee for their year ahead. The president's chain was handed over to May and Margaret was presented with the Past President's Bowl. The monthly competition was won by Marion Gregg,
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Back from the dead?
The authorities in Ukraine have been sharply criticised for faking the murder of a Russian dissident journalist in Kiev.
An official from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) said Ukraine was spreading "false information".
Reporters Without Borders said it was "part of an information war".
Ukraine said it had acted to foil a Russian plot to kill Arkady Babchenko. Moscow said it was a provocation.
Babchenko, a 41-year-old critic of the Kremlin, sent shock waves around the news world when they arrived at a press conference in Kiev on Wednesday - the day after they were reported dead.
The head of Ukraine's security service, Vasyl Hrytsak, said an elaborate sting operation had been set up to catch hitmen paid by Russian forces. Police reported making one arrest.
Relations between Kiev and Moscow have been tense since Moscow annexed Crimea in 2014 and was accused of covertly backing rebels in the bloody conflict in eastern Ukraine.
Why is Ukraine being criticised?
Ukraine was accused of undermining the credibility of journalists.
Harlem Desir, the OSCE's representative on the freedom of the media, said: "I deplore the decision to spread false information on the life of a journalist. It is the duty of the state to provide correct information to the public."
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko (left) met Arkady Babchenko on Wednesday
"Reporters Without Borders expresses its sharp indignation on learning of the Ukrainian secret service's manipulation carried out as part of an information war," said Christophe Deloire, the group's head.
"It is always very dangerous for states to play with facts and especially on the backs of journalists."
Russia's foreign ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova described the Ukrainian operation as "a masquerade" done for "propagandistic effect".
How did the story develop?
Babchenko's wife said on Tuesday they had found their husband at the entrance to their apartment block with bullet wounds in their back, and they were reported to have died in an ambulance later.
But on Wednesday there were gasps at a Kiev press conference when Babchenko entered the room.
"There was no other way," they said.
Babchenko later tweeted to say they would "die at 96" after "dancing on Putin's grave", referring to Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said Kiev would offer protection to Babchenko and their family. "It is unlikely that Moscow will calm down," they added.
Was Babchenko a marked man?
The journalist fled Russia in 2017 after writing about the crash of a Russian military passenger jet in which 92 people died.
They said their Facebook post, in which they described Russia as an "aggressor", had led to death threats from the Russian state.
Babchenko said they had been informed a month ago about an alleged Russian plot against them and had agreed to co-operate with Ukraine's counter-operation.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Babchenko covering the Maidan protests in Kiev in 2014
Mr Hrytsak alleged that Russian security forces had recruited a Ukrainian citizen to find hitmen.
They said the citizen had approached several acquaintances, offering $30,000 (£22,600) for the killing, one of whom revealed the plot to the security services.
Recent high-profile murders in Kiev
A man who drowned off the Oceanside Pier Friday was joking with their girlfriend before they stripped off their clothes and jumped into the dark ocean water, police said.
The victim, identified as a 27-year-old Oceanside man who at one time served as a U.S. Marine, jumped into the water just after 3 a.m.
The man told their girlfriend they were going to swim to shore, police said.
However, after the hitting the water, the man was pulled under the pier. They tried to hold onto the pier's pilings but the current swept them out into the open water, Oceanside police said.
The girlfriend who watched the entire thing unfold called 911 for help. A teenager from Menifee was also on the pier and heard the man yelling for help.
The witness ran to the beach and swam out to where the victim was last seen but could not locate him, police said.
Oceanside Fire and Police crews arrived just a few minutes after the initial call.
Officers said the man was believed to be a good swimmer.
Lifeguards were called to the scene from home given the early morning hours. At 5 a.m., a U.S. Coast
Guard helicopter began a grid search of the area.
Just before 6:30 a.m., the man's body was found approximately a quarter of a mile north of the pier and 800 feet from shore.
The San Diego Medical Examiner's office or Oceanside Police will identify the victim once the investigation is complete.
Cleveland Police(CLEVELAND) — Authorities are asking for the public's help to find an armed and dangerous killer as the manhunt expands for a man who allegedly gunned down an elderly man in Cleveland, Ohio, and uploaded the video to Facebook.
The suspect, Steve Stephens, hasn't been seen since the Sunday afternoon shooting in Cleveland.
In the video, which has since been removed from Facebook, Robert Godwin Sr., 74, can be seen raising their hands in an apparent attempt to ward off their attacker before they are shot once in the head.
Stephens claims to have committed multiple homicides, according to police. No additional victims have been found, police said.
“We don't know where he's at,” Police Chief Calvin Williams said at a news conference this morning, adding that police are asking for the public's help in finding him.
“At this point, they could be a lot of places,” said Stephen Anthony, special agent in charge of the FBI's Cleveland division. They could be nearby, far away or anywhere in between, Anthony said.
Authorities said detectives did initially make contact with Stephens via cellphone after the incident was posted on Facebook, but they were not able to track them or convince them to turn themselves in.
On Sunday night officers searched dozens of locations based on leads “to no avail,” police said.
Williams said the search has expanded from Cleveland to the Midwest. They asked the public to go about their days but to also remain vigilant.
The police said earlier that Stephens may already have left Ohio and asked residents of Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be on alert. Police in Erie, Pennsylvania, said they had been notified of a ping detected from Stephens' cellphone on the east side of Erie County.
UPDATE Homicide suspect Steve Stephens' actual vehicle has Ohio Temp tag E363630 pic.twitter.com/tE3r5u4BNN — Cleveland Police (@CLEpolice) April 17, 2017
Stephens is a member of the assertive community treatment team at Beech Brook, a mental health organization in northeast Ohio, a spokesperson for their employer said.
Nancy Kortemeyer, vice president of marketing and PR at Beech Brook, “We are doing everything we can to help and help locate him. … We are shocked and horrified.”
Beech Brook said its offices will be closed today out of concern for the safety of its employees, clients and visitors.
Joy Lane, who dated Stephens for several years, said in a statement that Stephens is “a nice guy … they are generous with everyone they know. They were kind and loving to me and my children. This is a very difficult time for me and my family.”
In the video they uploaded to Facebook, Stephens mentions Lane in the moments before the shooting, saying to the victim, “She's the reason why all this about to happen to you.”
In a statement, a Facebook spokesperson called the incident a “horrific crime” and said that the company does “not allow this kind of content on Facebook.”
The spokesperson added that the shooting itself was not broadcast on Facebook Live but was uploaded after the incident took place. The suspect did broadcast another video on Facebook Live at one point, the spokesperson said.
Cleveland police have issued a warrant for Stephens on a charge of aggravated murder.
Stephens doesn't have a criminal record, police said.
Williams said anyone helping hide Stephens will also face charges. Williams said the only way to help Stephens is to give police the information to bring them in peacefully.
“We're not gonna stop until he's in custody,” Williams said.
Local, state and federal law enforcement are involved in the search, said Anthony.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Palak's Picture
Palak had shared a close-up picture of themselves and their lips looked little plump. While many adored their beauty, a few accused them of going under the knife.
Palak Accused Of Getting A Lip Job Done
One of the users (@serii.sh ) on Instagram wrote, "Botox lips." - (sic) Instead of maintaining silence, Palak decided to give it back to the hater with a befitting reply.
Shweta Tiwari's Daughter Gives A Befitting Reply
They wrote, "@serii.sh I'm only 17, and not somebody who's a supporter of changing myself based on what the world May or May not like. So no Ma'am, that's a false accusation." - (sic)
Says It's A False Accusation
"And it's because of such accusations that going under the knife is considered a trend, and is ultimately promoted . I'm not for its ma'am. Sorry to disappoint you, have good night and best wishes :)" - (sic)
Like Mother, Like Daughter
Going by the pictures on their Instagram account, we must say that Palak has definitely got the best looks from their mother, Shweta Tiwari. We will have to wait and watch to know about their acting skills!
Other Actress Who Were Accused Of Going Under The Knife: Mouni Roy
The drastic change in Mouni Roy's look in Naagin 2 made people speculate that the actor has gone under the knife to enhance them looks. There were reports that the actor had gone under the knife to make their lips look fuller. But the actor denied the reports.
Aashka Goradia
There were reports that Naagin 2 actor Aashka Goradia had got their lip job done. But the actor denied the reports. They were quoted by DNA as saying, "If I ever have the need to do it (lip-job), I will not shy away from that because I will pay for it. Besides all this, answer is no."
Gauhar Khan
Television actor and Bigg Boss 7 winner, Gauhar Khan had got their lips augmented. But lip augmentation surgery went awfully wrong. They had even confirmed about the incident.
Sara Khan
There were also reports that the ex-Bigg Boss contestant, Sara Khan has undergone surgery for most of their facial parts. But the actor refuted the reports.
Shama Sikander
Ye Meri Life Hai actor, Shama Sikander drastic transformation shocked everyone. According to report, Shama had visited the plastic surgeon's clinic to transform themselves from a simpleton to fashionista. The actor never talked about their surgeries and had said that they changed themselves through heavy workout and meditation!
A tax preparer from Monroe County, who took $40,000 from two clients to make a real estate investment but didn't follow through, made full restitution late last year in return for charges being dropped, a county detective says.
Janice Bailey, 50, of the first block of James Court in Mount Pocono, prepared tax returns for Vadalina and Abayomi Browne, of the 1700 block of Rolling Hills Drive in Tobyhanna Township, beginning in 2007, the county district attorney's office said in October.
The Brownes had an insurance settlement of more than $57,000 in July 2013 and asked Bailey about the tax implications, authorities said. Bailey said there were none but offered to invest $40,000 in a real estate deal in Las Vegas, the district attorney's office said in October. They promised $50,000 in return within 18 months, authorities said.
The Brownes regularly asked for updates but didn't receive satisfaction, the district attorney's office said in October.
On July 1, 2016, Bailey admitted to a county detective that they never invested the money, a news release said last fall.
When the detective didn't get an update as of the middle of October, charges of theft by deception, theft by failure to make required deposits and receiving stolen property were filed, the district attorney's office said.
Bailey was released on $2,500 unsecured bail, pending a Nov. 9 preliminary hearing, records said at the time.
EARLIER: Tax preparer stole from clients, DA says
Court records no longer show the charges and when an emailer over the weekend asked for an update on the case, a county official provided it on Monday.
The day of the hearing, "Bailey made full restitution to the victim ($40,000.00) in exchange for having the charges withdrawn," Chief County Detective Eric Kirchner said in an email.
The district attorney's office did not announce the deal at the time, Kirchner said.
Tony Rhodin may be reached at arhodin@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow them on Twitter @TonyRhodin. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte on Sunday admitted that Tottenham Hotspur were now “the best team” in the Premier League and said Chelsea had only a 50-50 chance of winning the title after their defeat at Manchester United restricted the league leaders to a four-point lead at the top of the table.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte took full responsibility for their team's defeat by Manchester United and even admitted that Tottenham Hotspur were now “the best team” in the Premier League.
In the post-game press conference, Conte said Chelsea now had only a 50-50 chance of winning the title after this defeat at Manchester United reduced Chelsea to a short four-point lead at the top of the table.
“They [United] showed more desire, more ambition, more motivation,” they said. “It is very simple and in this case the fault is with the coach. It means the coach was not able to transfer the right concentration, desire, ambition to win this game.”
Goals from Manchester United's Marcus Rashford and Ander Herrera condemned the Blues to their latest slip-up as their former manager Jose Mourinho tactically outsmarted their Chelsea successor Conte.
United manager Jose Mourinho explained that the key to beating Chelsea was eliminating the threat Chelsea posed through Eden Hazard and Pedro working behind Diego Costa and also their effectiveness in wide positions on the counter-attack.
Chelsea's close rivals Tottenham Hotspur are now just four points behind the leaders after they beat Bournemouth this weekend four nil.
Mark Daniell, Postmedia Network Feb 14, 2017
DC just can't seem to catch a break in the good news department.
After recent news that Ben Affleck is stepping down as director on The Batman, rumours are swirling that the Oscar-winner wants to drop the Dark Knight completely.
Following Marvel's lead, Warner Bros kick-started its DC Cinematic Universe in 2013 with Man of Steel. Affleck made their debut as the Caped Crusader in last year's poorly received Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice and Suicide Squad.
They continue the role later this year in Zack Snyder-directed Justice League.
Affleck was set to write and direct a standalone Batman, but they pulled out as director last month.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes filmmaker Matt Reeves has taken over, but it's likely that the script will be rewritten again.
And the plot continues to thicken.
Speaking on Collider's Movie Talk podcast film journalist John Campea is claiming that Affleck might be looking for a way to negotiate an exit from the role.
“Over the past four days, I've talked to three separate people, who are connected in some way, to what is going on over at Warner Bros,” Campea says.
“What has come out of the conversation with all three was this. They're telling me that, Ben Affleck, make no mistake, they do want out. They don't want to be Batman anymore.”
Affleck has a multi-picture deal to play the character, but has said that they will not make a solo Batman movie if the script isn't good.
"I'm definitely going to make sure I have something that is special —âthere's not enough money in the world to make a mediocre version of Batman worth it," Affleck said in EW's Best of 2016 issue.
When Warner Bros' set up its interconnected DCEU, they copied Marvel's Cinematic Universe. Storylines will overlap, all leading up to team up films, Justice League 1 later this year and Justice League 2, likely in 2019.
The studio's plans have so far not gone according to plan. BvS and Suicide Squad were critically panned, while forthcoming features have dealt with bad press long before hitting screens.
Patty Jenkins, the director of Wonder Woman, was forced to deny a rumour their film was “a mess,” while the Flash lost two directors.
If Affleck exits after their solo Batman, he'd need to be recast for Justice League 2 since it's doubtful Warner Bros will reboot its Cinematic Universe so soon. Marvel recast both the Hulk (Mark Ruffalo) and War Machine (Don Cheadle), so finding a replacement for Batfleck shouldn't be too hard (Hey, Christian Bale, does the suit still fit?).
Then again, if Wonder Woman and Justice League don't perform critically or financially, the studio may cut its losses and start from scratch.
Remember what happened to Spider-Man?
Twitter: @markhdaniell
MDaniell@postmedia.com
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. — As Javon Davies reads out a list of their most prized possessions, it's hard not to smile: Their Playstation, their video games, their TV, their cat. It's typical sixth grade stuff through and through.
But the reason they made the list is heartbreaking: It's actually a makeshift will, one the Birmingham, Alabama middle schooler created just in case they are killed in a school shooting.
“[I made it] just in case something happened to one of us,” Javon told CNN affiliate WIAT. “Some kids, they get rowdy and might end up getting somebody shot or something.”
In addition to the list of things they say they would leave their best friend, Javon also wrote a message to their family.
“Dear family,” their letter says. “I love you all. You gave me the clothes on my back and you stuck with me all the time. Love Javon.”
Javon's mother Mariama Davies was moved to tears by their son's actions, and by the fact that they were so used to the idea of school shootings that they had planned for the unthinkable.
“It's really hard, because he's so young,” they said. “He just shouldn't have to go through that period because — for what? He's in 6th grade. You have a lot ahead of you and these things going on, you shouldn't have to worry bout, go through or even think about.”
SEATTLE, WA--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - CFN Media Group ("CannabisFN"), the leading creative agency and media network dedicated to legal cannabis, announces publication of an article that discusses the advances SinglePoint Inc. ( OTC PINK : SING) has made in growing its business over the past several months, the resulting increase in media attention, and some upcoming catalysts for the company.
SinglePoint recently announced the soft launch of its newly designed website, which provides investors with easier access to e-mail alerts, tear sheets, and other information. The company has also seen a dramatic increase in media exposure over the past several weeks. For example, CEO Greg Lambrecht was quoted in a recent Forbes article discussing President Trump's impact on the cannabis industry.
"The current administration has made it very clear they would like to empower the states and Trump has even stated their belief in how medical marijuana can help people. We believe the administration will stick to their word on empowering the states. In Phoenix we have many medical shops, none of which have relayed to us that they are being impacted yet by the administration. The biggest impact the current administration can have in favor of cannabis in the near term would be to give guidelines on how this business can be banked." - Greg Lambrecht via Forbes
SinglePoint CEO Greg Lambrecht has made several appearances on Donald Baillargeon's MoneyTV program, where they have discussed the company's recent developments and upcoming plans for the coming months. In the most recent episode, Mr. Lambrecht indicated that the company expects to announce a new joint venture and acquisition over the coming weeks.
The company could also begin reporting more significant revenue following its acquisition of a stake in Convectium, which is a revenue-generating company that expects to reach $3.5 million in sales during FY2017 -- an increase of 150% over its FY2016 revenue. These strong growth rates could also pave the way for further revenue growth in FY2018 and beyond as cannabis brands embrace its innovative oil filling machines.
Please follow the link to read the full article:
http://www.cannabisfn.com/singlepoint-draws-investor-attention-near-term-catalysts-approach/
About CFN Media
CFN Media (CannabisFN) is the leading creative agency and media network dedicated to legal cannabis. We help marijuana businesses attract investors, customers (B2B, B2C), capital, and media visibility. Private and public marijuana companies and brands in the US and Canada rely on CFN Media to grow and succeed.
Learn how to become a CFN Media client company, brand or entrepreneur: http://www.cannabisfn.com/become-featured-company/
Download the CFN Media iOS mobile app to access the world of cannabis from the palm of your hand: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/cannabisfn/id988009247?ls=1&mt=8
Or visit our homepage and enter your mobile number under the Apple App Store logo to receive a download link text on your iPhone: http://www.cannabisfn.com
Disclaimer:
Except for the historical information presented herein, matters discussed in this release contain forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements. Emerging Growth LLC, which owns CFN Media and CannabisFN.com, is not registered with any financial or securities regulatory authority, and does not provide nor claims to provide investment advice or recommendations to readers of this release. Emerging Growth LLC may from time to time have a position in the securities mentioned herein and may increase or decrease such positions without notice. For making specific investment decisions, readers should seek their own advice. Emerging Growth LLC may be compensated for its services in the form of cash-based compensation or equity securities in the companies it writes about, or a combination of the two. For full disclosure please visit: http://www.cannabisfn.com/legal-disclaimer/
Melania's big role during Macron visit
The first lady throws their first state dinner under the Trump administration by hosting the French president and their wife.
Global investors plowed back into Asian equities Wednesday, following a bullish session in the U.S. overnight, after Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen sounded upbeat during testimony on Capitol Hill.
“We have this strong lead that we cannot ignore from Wall Street,” said Jingyi Pan, a market strategist at IG Group. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite have risen in the past six sessions, with the tech-heavy index closing at record highs for all of them. The Nasdaq hasn't had such a run since December 1999.
Japan's Nikkei Stock Average NIK, +1.05% was recently up 1.2%, rebounding from a Tuesday afternoon selloff that left the index down 1.2% while the yen gained. But the currency's climb reversed in the wake of Yellen's comments, sending the dollar higher. The dollar was recently at around ¥114.35.
Yellen suggested the Fed's next rate increase could come as soon as next month. However, most investors are skeptical of that, as the futures market currently shows 13% probability of another quarter-point increase in March, according to CME data.
Still, “markets are pricing in slightly higher odds of Fed rate increases after Yellen's testimony to the Senate was viewed as more hawkish than expected,” Commerzbank said.
In Japan, the expectation of higher bond yields boosted insurers; MS&AD 8725, +4.39% and Dai-ichi Life 8750, +4.58% rose 5% to respective 18- and 15-month highs. However, Toshiba 6502, -7.83% dropped a further 10% after increasing its anticipated write-down for its nuclear business to $6.3 billion.
Stocks in Australia showed strength Wednesday. The S&P/ ASX 200 XJO, +0.89% rose 0.9% as Commonwealth Bank CBA, +2.47% posted a record fiscal first-half profit and raised its dividend. It climbed 2.3% and fueled gains for the other Big Four banks; collectively, they account for about a third of the index's weighting.
Elsewhere, the Hang Seng Index HSI, +1.26% gained 1% and the Shanghai Composite Index SHCOMP, +0.31% added 0.2%.
In South Korea, a 0.8% decline in heavily weighted Samsung Electronics 005930, -0.27% held back the Kospi SEU, +0.40% , which was up 0.2%. Prosecutors on Tuesday said they would seek a fresh arrest warrant for the Samsung conglomerate's de facto leader, Lee Jae-yong.
Toronto police are seeking a man and a woman in a fraud case involving hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Police say a woman went into a bank on June 29 and, using false identification, posed as a client to gain access to that person's account.
They say they then transferred $400,000 from there to another account.
Police say a few days later, a man went into another bank and used a fake ID to pose as a client.
It's alleged they accessed the account in which the money had been transferred and used the funds to buy a large quantity of gold.
Security camera images of the two have been posted on the Toronto police website.
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018 file photo, Roseanne Barr attends the ABC All-Star Party arrivals during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. Barr is blaming a r...
By DAVID BAUDER
AP Media Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - "Roseanne" was the week's most-watched comedy on television for what suddenly became its final episode.
The series reached 10.58 million last Tuesday, second only to the CBS drama "NCIS" in the weekly Nielsen rankings.
"Roseanne" was expected to come back next year, but ABC canceled the series on Tuesday following a racist tweet sent out by star Roseanne Barr. The show's revival lasted three months.
Another ABC comedy that had its last episode last week, "The Middle," was seen by 7.09 million, Nielsen said. That last episode was planned.
The ratings were dominated by the NBA conference finals. The Western Conference series between the Golden State Warriors and Houston Rockets were a bigger draw than the series between the Boston Celtics and Cleveland Cavaliers.
CBS won the week in prime-time, averaging 5 million viewers. NBC had 4.4 million, ABC had 4.1 million, Fox had 2.7 million, Univision had 1.3 million, ION Television had 1.1 million, Telemundo had 1 million and the CW had 840,000.
ESPN was the week's most popular cable network, averaging 4.64 million viewers in prime time. TNT had 3.04 million, Fox News Channel had 2.22 million, MSNBC had 1.45 million and USA had 1.43 million.
ABC's "World News Tonight" topped the evening newscasts with an average of 8 million viewers. NBC's "Nightly News" was second with 7.7 million and the "CBS Evening News" had 5.7 million viewers.
For the week of May 21-27, the top 10 shows, their networks and viewerships: "NCIS," CBS, 12.07 million; "Roseanne," ABC, 10.58 million; NBA Conference Finals: Houston at Golden State, Game 6, TNT, 9.47 million; NBA Conference Finals: Golden State at Houston, Game 5, TNT, 9.32 million; "The Voice" (Tuesday), NBC, 8.78 million; "Dancing With the Stars: Athletes," ABC, 8.77 million; "American Idol" (Monday), ABC, 8.68 million; "The Voice" (Monday), NBC, 8.67 million; NBA Conference Finals: Houston at Golden State, Game 4, TNT, 8.37 million; NBA Conference Finals: Boston at Cleveland, Game 6, ESPN, 8.27 million.
___
ABC is owned by The Walt Disney Co. CBS is owned by CBS Corp. CW is a joint venture of Warner Bros. Entertainment and CBS Corp. Fox is owned by 21st Century Fox. NBC and Telemundo are owned by Comcast Corp. ION Television is owned by ION Media Networks.
___
Online:
http://www.nielsen.com
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Firefighters quickly contained a two-acre brush fire that sparked along northbound Interstate 15 in Escondido Friday.
The brush fire erupted along northbound I-15, just south of Gopher Canyon Road, just before 1:25 p.m., Cal Fire San Diego said. The fire quickly grew to two acres.
In less than 40 minutes, firefighters from the ground and the air had stopped the fire's spread. Cal Fire San Diego said firefighters would remain on scene for about two hours to mop up and patrol the area.
California Highway Patrol shut down one lane of northbound I-15 as firefighters contained the blaze.
No other information was available.
Please refresh this page for updates on this story. Details may change as more information becomes available.
FRISCO, Texas — Police in a Dallas suburb are investigating a domestic violence complaint against Dallas Cowboys defensive lineman David Irving from a woman who later recanted.
Frisco police spokesperson Radd Rotello said Monday no arrests have been made.
Rotello said a woman identified as Irving's girlfriend called police twice Sunday. After several media reports Monday, when they hacked Irving's Twitter account and wrote that they had beat her, the woman wrote in a message posted on Instagram that their allegations were false. They said they were upset over an argument that led to neighbors calling 911.
“David did not put their hands on me at any time,” the woman wrote.
NFL spokesperson Brian McCarthy said the league will look into the incident. A spokesperson for the team and Irving's agent declined comment.
Irving recently signed a 2018 second-round tender worth $2.9 million as a restricted free agent.  They are eligible for unrestricted free agency after the upcoming season.
The 24-year-old Irving was suspended the first four games last season for violating the NFL's ban on performance enhancers. They had seven sacks in eight games before missing the last four games with a concussion.
The Cowboys picked up Irving off Kansas City's practice squad in 2015. They have 11 sacks over three seasons in Dallas.
New Jersey's Democratic Sen. Cory Booker made it clear on Saturday that they have serious concerns about Alabama's GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore if they win the Dec. 12 U.S. Senate election, saying that teenage female interns would be unsafe with them around.
RELATED: How Will Black Voters React To Roy Moore's Visit To Their Church?
“Well I am in the United States Senate & I don't want to be next to you wondering if Senate Pages will be safe from your advances. Your bigotry, ignorance, and hate has no place in the Senate. I'm going to my ancestral home state of Alabama today to lend a hand in defeating you,” Booker tweeted.
Since my earlier tweet, I've heard from former Senate Pages I've had the honor of serving with & heard their horror at Roy Moore possibly winning. These teens are valuable parts of the Senate & deserve better. Caroline Saba, thanks for sending me this: https://t.co/0ySWeanzZp — Cory Booker (@CoryBooker) December 9, 2017
A woman who was 14 years old in 1979 made the first explosive allegation against Moore. They said the former state Supreme Court judge was 34 when they made sexual advances on their back then. Soon after the report emerged, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnel (R-Ky) and other senior Republicans urged Moore to quit their campaign if the allegations were proven true. Since then, several other women have come forward with similar allegations that Moore, now 70, pursued them as teenagers decades ago. Moore says their accusers are lying and are part of a conspiracy to block their political aspirations. Despite the growing allegations, President Donald Trump and the Republican National Committee are backing Moore.
Moore had a seemingly insurmountable lead in the polls before the allegations. Their effort to convince supporters that he's being framed got a boost on Friday. Beverly Young Nelson, one of their accusers, admitted that they made notes below Moore's signature on their high school yearbook, which they put forward as evidence to rebut Moore's claim that they didn't know them Nelson said that although they added the note, their signature is authentic.
SEE ALSO:
Steve Harvey Sued Over Alleged Charity Fraud, Criticisms Of Oprah and Tyler Perry
Golden Krust Faces More Financial Woes After CEO Commits Suicide
Since Hurricane Maria, people in Puerto Rico have been without easy access to electricity, clean drinking water, or food. Many are still staying in shelters; some are living in the ruins of their homes. The once-lush green trees were stripped bare and uprooted.
But all is not lost.
There are two quintessential Puerto Rican sounds that survived:
One is the plaintive song of the tiny coqui frog.
The other is the improvised Afro-Puerto Rican call-and-response musical tradition known as Plena.
Last Sunday, a group of musicians gathered in Calle Loiza, a San Juan neighborhood known for African-inspired folklore. The annual Calle Loiza festival had been cancelled because of the hurricane, but they didn't let that stop them from parading through the streets, playing hand drums and singing plenas.
"It's very, very Puerto Rican," says Emanuel Santana, a singer with the bands Plena Libre and Viento de Agua. "Every time a Puerto Rican hears the drums called panderos, you can have them come down in tears in a time like this. Of course, there's no electricity to even hear music. You have no MP3s right now. So we're back to basics."
The musicians traveled down the sidewalk, stopping at the few bars that have managed to open and are operating on generators. Along the way, they attracted followers who sang along.
Leading the group was Hector Matos - known as "Tito" Matos - a Grammy nominee born in Santurce, and one of Puerto Rico's best known pleneros. They drum and sings plenas about the love they have for the island.
"Love Mother Earth, respect of nature, you know, environment," they say, with their three-year-old son at their side. "Trying to use the moment to also teach the young generation these hurricanes are coming faster, bigger and stronger than ever, and that's because of us."
Matos is a member of the New York band Los Pleneros de la 21 and founder of Viento de Agua. He's recorded and toured with well-known musicians Eddie Palmieri, David Sanchez and Ricky Martin. They also own a restaurant in Calle Loiza called La Junta. The wooden building was demolished in the hurricane. After the storm, it was vandalized.
"I have to deal with the issues of the hurricane and also go back every day to try to salvage some stuff," they say. "But look at my face: we are happy. I mean, we are alive. All my family members are fine and well. And we can rebuild."
Even as Puerto Ricans continue to struggle to recover from the storm, Matos says they and their pleneros want to bring them a little joy with the music.
"We're all on standby," says Missy Adamus, a chef at La Junta. They say they are trying to rebuild the restaurant, their homes, their lives. But at least they still have their music.
"Music has brought back to life what was dead in Calle Loiza," they say.
Plenas are sometimes known as "singing newspapers," giving the latest updates on what people are feeling and the news of the day. The headline of this week's plenas was about the devastation of Hurricane Maria.
Winding through the neighborhood streets, they sing about resilience: "Our plena, our song, our music, is stronger - our community is stronger than Maria."
Amazon working to make Alexa brighter and faster Amazon is hard at work on a new brain for its popular Alexa virtual assistant. The e-commerce giant is designing an artificial intelligence chip that will allow its line of...
Amazon's Alexa ad wins Super Bowl Sunday — on YouTube It wasn't the prettiest but it was the most popular. Amazon's star-studded commercial, dubbed “Alexa Loses Them Voice,” garnered more views on YouTube on Super Bowl Sunday than any other...
Top CES tech reveals include robot dogs, foldable television LAS VEGAS — Who let the dog out? Sony rolled out a much cuter — and more sophisticated — Aibo robot dog on Tuesday, and it came off acting and...
Bezos scores big win for Alexa ahead of CES Jeff Bezos was winning at CES on Monday — and the largest tech show of the year hadn't even officially started. The Amazon chief executive was sitting pretty after HP,...
Amazon and Google are losing money in a speaker price war Amazon and Google both discounted their home speakers so deeply over the holidays that they likely lost a few dollars per unit — a troubling sign for Apple as...
Amazon's Echo Dot speaker literally sells itself Amazon's Echo Dot speaker may be the first hit product that literally sells itself. The Seattle-based web giant said Tuesday that its Prime members helped boost its holiday sales to...
Apple's newest piece of hardware won't be ready in time for Christmas Another day, another delay for a hotly anticipated Apple product. On Friday, the Cupertino, Calif., company said that its flagship home speaker is no longer on track to hit stores...
Rogue Alexa blasts music at 2 a.m. while owner is away on vacation This Alexa is hardwired to party. A German man landed in hot water after their Amazon personal assistant went rogue — playing deafening music at 2 a.m. while they are...
Amazon's Alexa will soon power Big Mouth Billy Bass Amazon's Alexa is primed to make a big splash in living rooms nationwide — inside a talking fish. At a Wednesday event at the e-commerce giant's Seattle headquarters, Amazon revealed...
Home > Events > Kid Lucifer is Performing LIVE on Basement Closet Sessions THIS Friday!
Kid Lucifer is Performing LIVE on Basement Closet Sessions THIS Friday!
Vancouver garage band Kid Lucifer is shredding right here at the station LIVE for our Basement Closet Sessions! Switch that dial to CFUV THIS Friday at 3:00 so you don't miss out on their groovy garage tunes.
Share Our Posts Share this post through social bookmarks.
Trackbacks Websites mentioned my entry. There are no trackbacks on this entry
Teen takes arrow to the neck like a champ A teenage archer had a lucky escape after they were shot through the neck by an arrow that narrowly missed their throat. Fazila Khan, 14, was apparently resting in the...
'Archer' star: I thought I was going to be out of a job You probably couldn't blame “Archer” star H. Jon Benjamin for being a little paranoid when their title character wound up shot and floating face-down in a swimming pool at the...
Exploring the "Dreamland" of 'Archer' season 8 FX's animated spy spoof “Archer” returns for its eighth season in January, and Decider caught up with the cast at New York Comic Con to find out the scoop. LANA!
Meet the flavorful New York voices behind 'Bob's Burgers' With a last name like Belcher, you'd think the family at the center of Fox's animated series “Bob's Burgers” would be as subversive as its Sunday-night brethren “The Simpsons” and...
Don't Miss: 'Black Box,' 'Last Week Tonight' premieres ‘Archer' Monday at 10 p.m. on FX The fifth-season finale of this animated fave finds Archer (H. Jon Benjamin) helping Lana (Aisha Tyler) with their baby — while Krieger (Lucky...
Alice Marie Johnson, a great-grandmother from Memphis, Tennessee who became an ordained minister behind bars, has served more than 21 years in prison for a non-violent drug conspiracy offense, and she's now earned the help of celebrity Kim Kardashian West in seeking a pardon.
Kardashian West has been urging President Donald Trump to pardon Alice Johnson, 62. Kardashian West visited the White House on May 30, 2018, where they were expected to advance Alice Johnson's cause in a meeting with presidential son-in-law Jared Kushner and others. You can read court documents from the case later in this article, as well as letters documenting Johnson's rehabilitation.
Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson. Today is for you 🙏🏼✨ — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) May 30, 2018
There is also a petition on Change.org urging Trump to grant Alice Johnson clemency, and they have received support from politicians and prison reform advocacy groups. Johnson is not the only federal inmate whose freedom Kardashian West has pursued. They posted on Twitter in support of Matthew Charles, a man sent back to federal prison after being released under President Obama's drug offender commutations.
Who is Alice Johnson?
Here's what you need to know:
1. Alice Johnson Calls Them Term an ‘Unexecuted Sentence of Death' & Was Described as an ‘Exemplary Inamte' by a Prison Case Manager
For Alice Johnson, life in federal prison has almost been the equivalent of a death sentence in some ways. In a video interview posted by Mic.com, and which you can watch above, Alice Johnson said of their life prison term: “It's like an unexecuted sentence of death.”
They described the toll that their lengthy incarceration has had on their family. “One of my family members told me one time, and I'll never forget this, that coming to visit me in prison is like visiting a gravesite,” they said in the video. “They said they can see the site where my body lay but they can never take me home again.”
Johnson does not have the opportunity for parole because they are incarcerated in the federal system and received a life sentence. According to Mic, they are one of more than 3,200 people serving life without parole sentences for a nonviolent offense in the federal system, 65 percent of whom are black and most of whom are drug offenders. Those figures came from a 2013 report by the American Civil Liberties Union, which you can read here. You can read the original indictment in Alice Johnson's case here:
In the video, Alice Johnson described how they were in management for 10 years but lost their job and “struggled financially.” They felt like a failure and “out of desperation” they “made one of the worst decisions of my life. I became involved in a drug conspiracy,” they say.
The Mic article is more specific, reporting, “She lost their job at FedEx due to a gambling addiction, their son was killed in a motorcycle accident and their marriage ended in divorce.” Alice Johnson was convicted in Memphis, Tennessee. The sentencing dates back to 1996.
Johnson wrote a lengthy article for CNN. In it, they explained, “Before my incarceration, I had a full life. I married my childhood sweetheart and became the mother to five beautiful children. As the years went on I became a facilitator training people on how to be managers. I was a manager at FedEx for seven years. Life for a time was good.”
They added, “But after almost two decades together and a tumultuous relationship, my husband and I divorced in 1989. It was during this time that my life began to spiral out of control. I lost my job — and — then my youngest son was tragically killed in a motorcycle accident.”
Johnson's prison case manager submitted an overview to the U.S. Department of Justice in 2016 calling Johnson an “exemplary inmate” who “has been an instrumental asset for the unit. They have a positive attitude and is always willing to help out when needed.” Among other things, they maintained “clear conduct their entire incarceration.” They coordinate their unit's Christmas decorations, was selected as a mentor, and shows “the highest caliber of work ethics and is a great team player who helps in all areas.” You can read the case manager's letter, as well as other letters in support of Johnson below:
In the letter to CNN, Johnson concluded, “No matter what happens, I was not built to break. I will keep writing. I will continue to hold my head high and live a productive life either as a free woman or here behind bars. God has shown me my strength.”
2. Several Hundred Thousand People Have Signed a Petition Urging the Release of Johnson, an Ordained Minister Who Writes Plays
More than 200,000 people have signed the Change.org petition on Alice Johnson's behalf.
Tretessa Johnson, Alice's daughter, started the petition, which reads, “My mother, Alice Marie Johnson is a 62-year-old grandmother serving life without parole for a first time nonviolent drug offense. They have been in prison 21 years and will die there unless President Trump grants them clemency.”
The petition says that Alice Johnson has been a model inmate. “My mother has accepted full responsibility for their actions and used that experience to better their life and the lives of others.”
Tretessa says their mother has become an ordained minister while behind bars and has written plays.
“Since being incarcerated they have been a model prisoner who mentors women and has become an ordained minister,” the petition says. “She has also written, directed, and produced several plays and writings for conferences outside of prison walls, choreographed dance teams, and completed many classes and certifications.”
3. Alice Johnson Was Working as a ‘Telephone Mule,” Them Daugher Says
According to Alice Johnson's daughter, their mother's role in the conspiracy was through the telephone. “My family's life changed forever when my they were sentenced to life in federal prison,” they wrote on Change.org. “She was one of thousands of first time, nonviolent offenders who were given long mandatory prison terms.”
Tretessa explained some of the details of the offense, writing, “She had lost their job and became a telephone mule passing messages between their coconspirators.”
The Change.org petition quotes Alice Johnson as saying, “I couldn't find a job fast enough to take care of my family. I felt like a failure. I went to a complete panic and out of desperation I made one of the worst decisions of my life to make some quick money. I became involved in a drug conspiracy.”
According to the indictment, the drug conspiracy, which include many people other than Johnson, involved a scheme to transport cocaine from Texas to Tennessee and elsewhere.
Some of the conspirators met at Alice Johnson's house, the indictment says, adding that Alice rented an apartment in their daughter's name. The indictment says they also delivered large sums of money as payment for the cocaine. One 1992 meeting between Johnson and other conspirators occurred at a Memphis mall, where they discussed cocaine transactions.
In some instances, other conspirators placed the money and cocaine in “tar buckets” for transportation. In one instance, they loaded a station wagon with cocaine. Some of the other conspirators also loaded the station wagon with $1.5 million in cash. In one instance, Alice Johnson was accused of instructing another conspirator to deliver the cocaine, the indictment says.
4. A Federal Judge Called Johnson ‘the Quintessential Entrepreneur' During Sentencing & the Operation Was Tied to Colombian Drug Dealers
The Associated Press article at the time of Johnson's sentencing is headlined, “Memphis drug dealer gets life in prison.” The story reports that Johnson, then 41, was sentenced to life in prison for “leading a multimillion-dollar drug ring that dealt in tons of cocaine from 1991-94.”
U.S. District Judge Julia Gibbons sentenced Johnson. The story reports that Gibbs called Johnson “the quintessential entrepreneur” in the sentencing hearing, decrying the impact that 2,000-3,000 kilograms of cocaine had on the community. The story reported that the Memphis drug conspiracy was affiliated with Colombian drug dealers.
5. Alice Johnson Is a Great-Grandmother Who Wants to Help Ex-Offenders
Meet Alice Marie Johnson, the woman Kim Kardashian West wants Trump to pardon , via @mic https://t.co/FubACWzgUr — Jeffrey Boone (@52124126) May 25, 2018
Alice Johnson has a large family and is a great-grandmother. “My mom's desire upon release is to assist the community with the needs of ex-offenders to help reduce recidivism. Alice is the mother of 4 children and has 6 grandchildren and 1 great grandchild,” says their daughter in the Change.org petition.
“It serves no purpose or benefit to society to have them locked up for life. Them large and loving immediate and extended family and friends would welcome them return.”
We thought this was too good to be true. And now Jonny and Camilla's budding romance on Love Island is going to be left in tatters after an argument-fuelled couple of days on the island.
We unanimously screamed at our screens when Jonny and Camilla shared a kiss before bed and both admitted they had feelings for each other:
But a day is a long time in Love Island. It all starts to go wrong in tonight's episode after a lighthearted conversation about dating etiquette and who should pick up the bill takes a sudden serious turn. Remember people: Don't have in-depth conversations about politics or feminism on a first date. Got it? Good. This is how it goes:
Jonny: “With my ex for five years, I don't remember them paying for a thing. They did offer, but in the end they just stopped offering.” Camilla: “Oh gosh, but surely at the beginning it's better to go halves because you don't know how it's going to pan out?”
The conversation continued:
Jonny: “I don't think so. I feel almost emasculated if a girl paid.” Camilla: “Really? I'd feel so awkward if I didn't pay half.” Jonny: “I wouldn't let you pay. Honestly, I wouldn't. I'd find it really awkward. Totally.”
Then things get even more awkward as Jonny asked Camilla if they were a feminist, to which they reply…
Camilla: “Shouldn't we all be feminists? Surely you believe in equality.” Jonny: “Oh I believe in equality but I feel like feminism believes in almost inequality.”
They continue:
Jonny: "Do women not have equality?” Camilla: “Absolutely not. There's still, if you look at the number of females in high powered jobs, high level jobs…” Jonny: “The Prime Minister's a woman.” Camilla: “Sure, and then how many other female MPs are there?" Jonny: “Enough. It's not like it's a boy's club. I'm sure they just choose who's more qualified for the job.” Camilla: “But do you think truly that we've achieved equality in the UK? Do you honestly believe women have equal opportunities to men?”
If the conversation isn't bad enough, it then ends with this little gem from Jonny:
Jonny - “I believe that women almost have more opportunities.”
After Camilla then felt a sense of regret for their actions they decide to blow off some steam and vent to Chloe:
“I'm not saying that he's not entitled to their opinion, I'm just saying that I can't agree with that. There have been little things I've noticed, sometimes at meal times, they don't help clean up and they take first, and will be like ‘pass me that' when it's at the other end of the table - he'll want it straightup to him. I am funny about those things anyway. I feel like it comes across as though I'm trying to take a moral high ground and of course I'm not, absolutely not, and I respect that other people have different views. But for me, anyone who is at this time in life discussing feminism in that way, it really puts me off.”
Naturally they end up hearing the whole thing from the next room (haven't they realised the villa has basically zilch privacy and no walls yet?).  They are not happy and a mortified Camilla instantly regrets what they say.
Then, after a rejected apology from Jonny, Camilla feels let down and what they say breaks our hearts.
“I'm just disappointed in myself. Out of all the ways that situation could have been handled, that was the worst possible way. I literally might not open my mouth for the rest of my time in the villa. Because then you hurt people.”
“I'm so stupid, this is actually what I didn't want to do - start liking someone before I got to know them. Because this is what happens when you move too quickly, then you find something out and then you just know this could never go anywhere.”
Is there any hope for the pair who were fast-becoming our favourite couple in the villa?
Only time will tell.
Love Island airs at 9pm on ITV2.
"Who's going to give back the young and beautiful lives (and others) that have been devastated and destroyed by the phony Russia Collusion Witch Hunt?" Trump tweeted Sunday morning.
It was unclear whom Trump was talking about, given that most of the people directly affected by the investigation have been limited to their inner circle and a handful of former campaign aides.
Trump instead referred to those hurt in romantic, generational terms.
"They journeyed down to Washington, D.C., with stars in their eyes and wanting to help our nation ... They went back home in tatters!" Trump continued.
Although a number of young aides have left Trump's White House – notably their former communications director Hope Hicks – most have departed as a result of the fierce infighting among administration factions, not because of the investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election and any possible Trump campaign involvement and whether the president obstructed justice.
Trump's focus on the investigation – even on a weekend typically reserved for mourning soldiers who died in combat – underscored the degree to which the issue continues to obsess and frustrate the president, who believes it is an effort to delegitimize their presidency. Their chief of staff, John F. Kelly, told National Public Radio this month that Trump is "somewhat embarrassed" by the string of investigations.
One continuing issue has been whether Trump will sit for questioning by special counsel Robert Mueller. The president's lawyer and close adviser Rudy Giuliani, appearing on CNN on Sunday, declined to say directly.
Giuliani said Mueller's office, which has been negotiating the parameters of a potential sit-down, would probably limit questions to those involving whether the campaign colluded with Russian agents and whether Trump tried to obstruct the investigation into those efforts.
"The collusion part, we are pretty comfortable with because there has been none," Giuliani said. "The obstruction part, I'm not as comfortable with _ I'm not. The president's fine with it. He's innocent."
"I'm not comfortable because it's a matter of interpretation" including how one views Trump's rationale for firing FBI Director James B. Comey in the midst of the probe last year, Giuliani said.
Asked whether they thought the investigation is legitimate, Giuliani said "not anymore. I did when I came in."
Trump continued their campaign over the weekend of trying to sow distrust in the probe by calling Mueller's team of attorneys "13 Angry Democrats (& those who worked for President O)."
In fact, Mueller is a Republican and not all of the political affiliations of their team are known. Mueller was named FBI director by President George H.W. Bush in 2001 and stayed on during the Obama administration until 2013.
Trump also repeated their allegation that the FBI's use of informants _ a common practice in investigations _ amounted to spying on their campaign.
"With Spies, or 'Informants' as the Democrats like to call them because it sounds less sinister (but it's not), all over my campaign, even from a very early date, why didn't the crooked highest levels of the FBI or 'Justice' contact me to tell me of the phony Russia problem?" Trump asked in one tweet.
Republican Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida pushed back against that claim while appearing on ABC's "This Week," calling it appropriate to investigate a foreign adversary's potential interference with the democratic process.
The FBI appeared to be investigating "certain individuals who have a history that we should be suspicious of" rather than the campaign itself, they said.
"When individuals like that are in the orbit of a major political campaign in America, the FBI, who is in charge of counterintelligence investigations, should look at people like that," Rubio said. "But they're not investigating the campaign. They're investigating those people."
Trump's attacks on the media over the weekend may have been their most baffling.
In one of two Saturday tweets directed at The New York Times, Trump falsely claimed that one of its sources "doesn't exist." The paper quoted an administration official saying that reinstating a planned summit between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un on the scheduled date, June 12, would be logistically impossible.
"WRONG AGAIN!" Trump tweeted. "Use real people, not phony sources."
In fact, the source was not fake. They were a senior official who briefed reporters Thursday in a session set up by the White House press office, which set ground rules requiring that reporters not use their name. Whether Trump was aware of that is not known _ they often seem unaware of the work their staff does.
Trump, in calling the official "phony," was not only stating a falsehood and accusing The New York Times of making up a source, they were also compromising their officials' ability to speak on their behalf.
— Noah Bierman, Tribune Washington Bureau
Sonali Bendre Diagnosed With High-grade Cancer
Sonali further wrote, "A niggling pain led to some tests, which led to this unexpected diagnosis. My family and close friends have rallied around me, providing the best support system that anyone can ask for. I am very blessed and thankful for each of them."
The Actress Is Undergoing Treatment In New York.
"There is no better way to tackle this, than to take swift and immediate action. And so, as advised by my doctors, I am currently undergoing a course of treatment in New York. We remain optimistic and I am determined to fight every step of the way. What has helped has been the immense outpouring of love and support I've received over the past few days, for which I am very grateful. I'm taking this battle head on, knowing I have the strength of my family and friends behind me." - (sic)
TV Celebs Support Sonali Fight Against Cancer
Immediately after the actor broke the news, their fans and industry friends took to social media to wish the actor a speedy recovery. Television actors too, poured in wishes.
Shakti, Karan & Mandira
Shakti Arora: Our prayers are with u... u ll come out as a winner!! - (sic)
Karan Wahi: Have a speedy recovery. - (sic)
Mandira Bedi: God Bless. Beat it, hard and fast. And be well soon... - (sic)
Sophia, Mahi & Gauhar
Sophia Choudhary: Sending you all the love, strength, prayers in the world to fight this Sonali. God speed. - (sic)
Mahi Vij: We love you prayers prayers n just prayers. - (sic)
Gauhar Khan: Sending you all the positivity n love!!!! May you heal soon!! - (sic)
Ekta, Ayushman & KVB
Ekta Kapoor: You are going to b backkk! Ur in d duaaas of many! Get well sooon. - (sic)
Ayushman Khuranna: Prayers. Love. Wishes. - (sic)
Karanvir Bohra: Our prayers and blessings are with you..... praying for a speedy and health. - (sic)
Rucha & Gautami
Rucha Hasabnis: @iamsonalibendre Sending you all lots of love, positivity and healing energy. - (sic)
Gautami Kapoor: Sonali!!! You are a fighter. Love you... our prayers and thoughts with you. - (sic)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Real Estate Investors has sold one of its buildings in Birmingham city centre.
The AIM-listed business has sold 24 Bennetts Hill to Dunmore for £4 million, representing a 5.9 per cent net initial yield.
The investment property was acquired by Real Estate Investors in December 2014 for £2.06 million.
It is home to pub The Sun on the Hill and office space above.
Chief executive Paul Bassi said: "We are delighted to complete the sale, having added significant value through asset management.
"We have achieved a record occupancy throughout the portfolio of 95 per cent which will provide the foundation for further dividend growth in line with the company's stated progressive dividend policy.
"Our market reputation, available capital and banking facilities, will allow the company to capitalise on market opportunities in 2018 and continue to grow our property portfolio."
If the Planet of the Apes franchise had you spooked, be warned — one video might have you running for the hills.
A gorilla from the Philadelphia Zoo was caught strolling on two legs recently like it was an everyday thang. Check them out below.
Scared?
Well you might be surprised to learn that this ape wasn't on their way to start the revolution.
They just didn't want to get their food dirty.
According to the zoo's Director of Communications, Dana Lombardo, Louis walks on their two legs all the time.
They told People, “Louis just hates when their food gets muddy,” so to keep their snacks from getting dirty, they carry them while walking on their hind legs.
Okay… so, Louis is a germaphobe. Gotcha.
We weren't scared at all.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Easy-to-use, drag-and-drop development tool enables anyone to create smart communication apps and workflows -- with no coding required
SANTA CLARA, CA--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Zang, an Avaya company, today announced it has embedded Zang Workflow into its robust communication platform-as-a-service Zang Cloud, becoming the first in the industry to integrate an easy-to-use, drag-and-drop development tool into an all-in-one cloud communications platform.
"Zang Workflow is quite simply the easiest way to build communication apps, enabling anyone -- not just developers -- to quickly build communication apps and workflows with simple drag-and-drop functionality," said Davide Petramala, Executive Vice President, Zang. "By providing dramatically simple tools and APIs that enable businesses to embed communications directly into mobile- and cloud-based applications, Zang Cloud is changing the way companies engage and communicate with customers and collaborate with each other."
Many businesses today lack the budget for ready-made apps or on-staff developers to build them from scratch. When businesses sign up for a free Zang Cloud account, however, Zang Workflow is included. Since the intuitive graphical design tool does not require an understanding of complex programming languages, companies can leverage their existing employees, regardless of skill set, to create communication apps and workflows that automate business processes, increase efficiencies and boost customer engagement.
With Zang Workflow, creating new apps is now as simple as 'dragging' and 'dropping' communication actions (such as SMS messaging, interactive voice response and call routing) right into the design tool.
"Zang Workflow allows us to quickly build agile processes for our customers, taking advantage of cloud scale and blending with established premise-based contact center solutions," said Rob Scutchings, Chief Technology Officer, Sabio, an innovative, UK-based contact center solutions provider. "Using Zang Workflow, we can quickly prototype scalable call / text message flows and integrate them with our customers' established contact center solutions. Zang Workflow and Avaya Breeze also allow us to graphically blend SMS and voice contacts into our customers' business processes in a seamless manner."
Zang Workflow's tried-and-tested graphical design tool for developers was first created for the Avaya Breeze™ platform, and is known in market as Avaya Engagement Designer. Now integrated within the Zang Cloud platform for the first time, businesses can use Zang Workflow to build communications apps and workflows with the following features: Play Audio/Voice Announcements, Play and Collect, Make Calls, Drop Calls, Forward Calls, Allow Calls, Announce and Block Calls, Suspend Calls (Pause), Send SMS/Text Messages, Send Emails; with more coming soon.
Tim Banting, Principal Analyst, collaboration and communications at the research and consulting firm GlobalData believes that, "Zang Workflow's drag and drop functionality represents an innovative and differentiated alternative to many Communication Platform as-a-service (CPaaS) offerings as CPaaS oftentimes relies on integrating specific lines of code; indeed, programmers typically need to become familiar with the development environment of specific platforms. However, the ability for Zang Workflow to map business processes to specific building blocks of capabilities broadens the platform's accessibility beyond the much harried IT department, and could be feasibly leveraged by other departmental staff such as contact center and customer service managers."
With Zang Cloud, it's free to sign up and build workflows/apps. All fees are based on usage, so businesses only pay for what they use. Companies can scale up or down as needed while easily anticipating costs, based on a simple pricing model.
Learn more at zang.io/products/cloud
About Zang, Inc.
Zang, an Avaya company, provides digitally-native communications solutions for organizations and individuals. Zang solutions are the culmination of decades of communication innovation on a pure cloud platform and include Zang Cloud, a communications development platform with APIs that are used to embed voice and messaging capabilities into applications; Zang Office, a cloud phone system for businesses; and Zang Spaces, a meeting and team collaboration-as-a-service application. For more information, visit www.zang.io
Certain statements contained in this press release may be forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "anticipate," "believe," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "might," "plan," "potential," "predict," "should" or "will" or other similar terminology. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections. While we believe these are reasonable, such forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These and other important factors may cause our actual results to differ materially from any future results expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. For a list and description of such risks and uncertainties, please refer to Avaya's filings with the SEC that are available at www.sec.gov. Avaya disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements.
All trademarks identified by ®, TM, or SM are registered marks, trademarks, and service marks, respectively, of Avaya Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Follow Zang on Twitter, Google+, Facebook, Blog.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Registration is now open for the NFL Combine Experience, which will take place at the Indiana Convention Center March 2-5 in conjunction with the NFL Scouting Combine.
The Combine Experience is free of charge, although tickets are required for entry. Fans can sign up here.
Some of the events and activities offered include:
Watching prospects as they complete the bench press
Getting a behind-the-scenes look at the press conferences and media interviews with prospects
Enjoying a free festival with interactive games
Combine Corner, where fans can test their football and athletic skills in events such as the 40-yard dash, three cone drill, and vertical jump
Photo opportunity with the Lombardi Trophy
NFL Virtual Reality, which allows fans to experience NFL games through virtual reality technology
Viewing of College Football Hall of Fame memorabilia
Autograph sessions with NFL legends
This is the first year for the NFL Combine Experience. In addition, a select group of fans will be able to watch the NFL Scouting Combine live inside Lucas Oil Stadium.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
This week, Neil Gorsuch made their first ruling as a Supreme Court justice—and we can guarantee that Barack Obama isn't going
to like it.
According to reports from TruthMonitor, the Supreme Court made the controversial decision that the only Islam taught to our
children in public schools will be the history of Radical Islam. Gorsuch cast the deciding vote in the case, as the final ruling as 5-4.
“The government certainly has no business being involved in religion, but this isn't a government issue or a religious issue,”
Gorsuch said in a statement about their decision.
“This is about the Judicial branch interpreting the laws as they apply to the teaching of religion,” they continued. “We should be
teaching any religions in this country besides standard Judeo-Christianity, as our founders wanted, and we certainly shouldn't be
filling the children with lies about Islam being a ‘religion of peace' when they see the carnage on the news almost every day.”
“It is our duty as Americans first and judges second to safeguard the way our children are indoctrinated,” they concluded.
What do you think? Do you agree with Gorsuch's decision?
Russia has been directly involved in the Syrian conflict since 2015.
Russia has been directly involved in the Syrian conflict since 2015.
A RUSSIAN PILOT has been killed in clashes with hardline rebels after they downed their warplane over Syria's northwest province of Idlib, a monitor said.
“The pilot was killed as they fought Islamist rebels who had shot down their plane and were taking them captive,” said the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights chief Rami Abdel Rahman.
Abdel Rahman could not immediately confirm which hardline factions were involved but said the Sukhoi 25 was downed in an area where the jihadist Hayat Tahrir al-Sham (HTS) is active.
Syrian troops launched a fierce offensive on Idlib in late December, with backing by Russian warplanes.
“There have been dozens of Russian air strikes in the area over the past 24 hours. This plane was also carrying out raids there,” said Abdel Rahman.
Opposition factions have shot Syrian regime planes in the past, but downing Russian warplanes is much rarer.
In August 2016, a Russian military helicopter was shot down over Syria and all five people on board were killed.
Moscow began conducting air strikes in Syria in September 2015.
Two months later, Turkey shot down a Russian warplane, leading to the worst crisis in ties between the two countries since the end of the Cold War.
(DJ SIGHT) Last week, 50 Cent performed in Baltimore alongside the Lox.
50 Cent reached out to shake a fan's hand during a performance and the fan tried to pull 50 off the stage. That's when they jumped off the stage and punched the female fan in their chest. 50 quickly tried to redeem themselves by inviting the woman on stage where videos show them twerking on stage alongside 50,
Now, they must be trying to come up because the next day they went to the hospital and hired a lawyer's firm. She's planning on suing 50 Cent,the Lox, the promoter & the concert venue.
50 Cent's smart guy though. They invited the young lady on stage so they can be seen on video dancing and giving their apology.
I think it's total BS on the young lady's part, what do you think?
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
Submitted photo
Greene County Career Center students participated at the Health Occupations Students of America/Medical Reserve Core and won first place. The team has works closely with Dr. Don Brannon of Greene County Public Health. They will compete in the state competition April 10-11 in Columbus. Pictured are: Shyann Predmore, Brooke Hentrich, Danielle Dailey, Grabirelle Payton and Mackenzie Collier.
Suspected jihadists killed at least 17 people in an attack on a Turkish restaurant, less than two years after al Qaida militants killed at least 30 people in Ouagadougou.
Source:: World News
John Mayer: singer, songwriter — beauty influencer?
The blues guitarist took to Instagram Stories on Monday night, to give their fans the makeup tutorial for which they've (apparently) been begging.
“I've been getting a lot of comments lately asking when am I gonna do a smoky-eye tutorial,” Mayer says, wielding a Chanel eye-shadow palette.
The musician then proceeds to smear copper shadow over one eyelid, while providing running commentary about the tools he's using: first a foam applicator, then their finger.
“You see a lot of tutorials showing you what brushes you need to have . . . I really believe all you need [are] ones that come with them,” Mayer says.
Adding a greenish hue to both corners of their eye, Mayer adds, “You want to accentuate the roundness of your eyeballs,” like a totally normal human.
Finishing up, the musician reveals a look that's less traditional smoky eye than Ursula the sea witch.
“I'm sorry, did somebody nail it? No, they didn't, but they came close and that's all that matters,” the freshly minted beauty vlogger tells the camera.
Dear John: Thanks for the laughs.
Company Launches Its First Phyto-Nutrition Whole Food Product
SAN DIEGO, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Youngevity International, Inc. ( OTCQX : YGYI), a leading omni-direct lifestyle company, is debuting its first phyto-nutrition, fermented whole food product -- Super Greens™. The Super Greens drink powder, developed utilizing the latest nutritional research in plant-based nutrition along with a specialized nutritional delivery method and technology, was developed in conjunction with New York Times' best-selling author, Jordan Rubin -- a pioneer in whole food nutrition, who wrote "The Maker's Diet," and is the founder of Garden of Life and Beyond Organic.
Super Greens is predominately a phyto-nutrient based product, in which plant based extracts and whole foods are used in the formulation. Phyto-nutrients are classified as the health providing nutrients in whole foods, the natural antioxidants and the original matrix of vitamins and minerals. Each ingredient in Super Greens provides complementary nutrients, creating a full foundational set of nutrients with each serving.
Youngevity's refreshing Peppermint-flavored Super Greens harnesses the power of raw, certified organic juices from vegetables and super fruits, as well as live probiotics and enzymes -- to offer balanced nutrition to any dietary regimen. A specialized fermentation technique maximizes the bio-availability of nutrients and probiotics. Super Greens provides a convenient, great-tasting way to add the plant-based nutrition that is so difficult to obtain in routine daily meals.
"Our Super Greens beverage reflects Youngevity's ultra-premium standards for delivering the highest quality of nutritional supplementation," stated Steve Wallach, CEO and Co-Founder of Youngevity. "With Super Greens, we take the next step in nutritional product diversification -- building upon our vitamin -- and mineral-based supplementation approach by adding best-in-class, fermented whole plant nutrition supplementation. Our inaugural phyto-nutrition product offers individuals looking to better their lives yet another quality option for meeting their daily nutritional needs related to exercise and to positive daily living."
"Whole food-based nutritional supplementation and sophisticated fermentation to deliver this nutrition for maximum bio-availability, Super Greens is at the leading edge of nutritional supplementation," stated Dave Briskie, President and CFO of Youngevity. "When we launch a new nutrition product, we are seeking to offer the latest and best science, the cutting edge of what is available -- to push our own product boundaries to innovate and to benefit our consumers."
Additional Features of the Youngevity Revolutionary Super Greens:
Utilizes organic whole foods -- fruits and nutrient dense vegetables
Contains a superfood botanical blend, fermented fruits and greens, herbs and spices
Live probiotics and enzymes from soil-based organisms
Gluten free, dairy free, alkalizing, high In antioxidants
Natural and organic flavoring system -- peppermint and spearmint
Youngevity was founded upon the pioneering principles of Dr. Joel Wallach; always looking forward to the betterment of society. Today Youngevity seeks to continue to meet this mission with groundbreaking products, innovative services and a fulfilling business opportunity individually defined through flexibility and personal lifestyle choices. And in this Pursuit of Betterment, the Company continues to build and grow its Youngevity Be The Change Foundation. 100% of the profits from Youngevity Be the Change Coffee, and other special products highlighted on the Foundation website finance Foundation operations.
Read more about the benefits of Super Greens at www.ygy4u.com/shakeitup and to learn more about Youngevity visit www.youngevity.com.
About Youngevity International, Inc.
Youngevity International, Inc. ( OTCQX : YGYI), is a leading omni-direct lifestyle company -- offering a hybrid of the direct selling business model, that also offers e-commerce and the power of social selling. Assembling a virtual Main Street of products and services under one corporate entity, Youngevity offers products from the six top selling retail categories: health/nutrition, home/family, food/beverage (including coffee), spa/beauty, apparel/jewelry, as well as innovative services. The Company was formed in the course of the summer 2011 merger of Youngevity Essential Life Sciences with Javalution® Coffee Company (now part of the company's food and beverage division). The resulting company became Youngevity International, Inc. in July 2013. For investor information, please visit YGYI.com. Be sure to like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Safe Harbor Statement
This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as "may," "should," "potential," "continue," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates," "encouraged" and similar expressions and include statements regarding the Company continuing to meet the mission of the pioneering principles of Dr. Joel Wallach with groundbreaking products, innovative services and a fulfilling business opportunity individually defined through flexibility and personal lifestyle choices. The forward-looking statements are based on management's expectations and assumptions as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations and assumptions from those set forth or implied by any forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among others, our ability to continue our financial performance and growth and the other factors described in our filings with the SEC. The information in this release is provided only as of the date of this release, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this release based on new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law.
Life In Jail For 17-Year-Old Who Murdered James Brindley In Aldridge
A 17 year-old from Aldridge has been sentenced to life with a minimum of 17 years for murdering a man as they walked home from a night out.
Victim James Brindley, 26, was knifed in the heart not far from their parents' home in Aldridge, West Midlands, on June 23 last year, messaging their girlfriend: "I've just been stabbed."
Ammar Kahrod, 17, who can now be identified after a successful press application to lift restrictions, denied murder but was unanimously convicted by a jury at Birmingham Crown Court on Thursday.
Sentencing the killer on Friday for detention at Them Majesty's pleasure, judge Patrick Thomas QC told him: "James Brindley died because you carried a knife."
Addressing Kahrod, who remained sat and head-bowed in the dock before him, the judge said they had "lied and lied again" over what happened that night by falsely claiming they acted in self-defence, branding it all "a terrible tale".
They added: "Once a knife is out, anything can happen - here the death of a totally innocent and unsuspecting young man."
The jury acquitted the youth's older brother Aaron Kahrod, 21, of murdering Mr Brindley.
The younger Kahrod, of Walsall Road, Aldridge, claimed Mr Brindley was the aggressor but in a covertly recorded conversation admitted to teasing the part-time gym worker "about theirs girl".
The fatal wound was inflicted in a 35-second gap between two phone calls Mr Brindley had with their girlfriend Lauren at 11.42pm on June 23 last year.
Mr Brindley's 22-year-old sister Charlotte described their brother in court as their "best friend and confidante", saying the killer had "destroyed everything" dear to their family.
They paid emotional tribute to their "well-loved, respected and highly thought-of" sibling reading their victim impact statement to a court packed with both Kahrod and Mr Brindley's family and friends.
They added: "One of the worst parts is because James was so loyal, if the tables were turned - if he'd witnessed the defendant in trouble, he'd have done everything in their power to help them."
As they did, Mr Brindley's mother Beverley broke into tears telling Kahrod's family sat in front of them in the public gallery: "That is absolutely true - and you need to know that."
The victim's father Mark Brindley told how their last words, as they went for a night out with friends, were "have fun, Jim, take care".
They told how their popular, intelligent son was at a "pivotal moment" in their life, ready to set up a health and fitness business in the September of that year.
But those plans were shattered by Kahrod's "calculated, cold-blooded, and cowardly" actions.
Rushing to the nearby police cordon, they said: "We were helpless and we desperately wanted them to know that we were there, so we called to them 'we love you James'.
"Eventually, we were told that they had died and were escorted to their body, lying in their own blood on the pavement where they fell, their chest opened up by the medics, to allow open-heart surgery and direct heart massage."
Kangana's On Them Long List Of Affairs
Speaking about the same, Kangana said, ""I've had so many affairs. After every breakup I feel like this is the end of my love life potential. At every point you feel that you will be let down and you will never love again.
I have been feeling like that since I was 16. I've always felt that life has taken everything away from me and that I cannot fall in love again."
Kangana On Them Spat With Hrithik
"Even after this thing (the Hrithik affair) fell apart, another man came into my life and I felt I couldn't handle it anymore. But everything changed in two to three months and I felt that I was ready, and how!"
They Further Added..
"But just when you feel you are so high in love, that person says, ‘Oh, you are psycho!' and that person also left. You burst into tears every time you kiss and you are called a psycho."
Kangana Says They Never Dumped Anyone
"Even if my sister asks me where do you find these characters? Even then I have to admit that every time I have been dumped, I never got the privilege of dumping someone. There has not been a single relationship from the age of 16 to 31 where I could dump someone."
'Everyone Leaves Me'
They further added, "And if I tell you the names, you would be like ‘even this person left you'! Everyone leaves me and they come back also and I never take them back because I have been moved on to another loser."
Kangana On Changing Karan's POV On Nepotism
Speaking about the same, they told, "I am no one to do that, my intention was not that. They believe in bloodlines, dynasty and such talents worked for him, isn't it?
I cannot make them believe in talents that they do not believe in. but I can say what I want to say."
Kangana Says Them Comment Worked As A Catalyst
"I said it (about nepotism) out of observation. I am not an activist here, though I would love to serve the society; nepotism exists everywhere, we have grown up seeing it.
When I talked about it, perhaps people were subconsciously observing it, they wanted to talk about it. My comment worked as a catalyst."
Keith Richards' actor ex-girlfriend Anita Pallenberg has died at the age of 73.
The Italian-German star dated Rolling Stones legend Keith from 1967 to 1980 and the former couple have two children, Marlon, 46, and Angela, 44. They also had a third child together, son Tara, but they tragically died of cot death at just 10 weeks old.
Them tragic passing was announced by close friend Stella Schnabel, daughter of American painter and filmmaker Julian Schnabel, on social media on Tuesday night.
I have never met a woman quite like you Anita. A post shared by Stella Madrid 🍓 (@stella__schnabel) on Jun 13, 2017 at 1:14pm PDT
Sharing a snap of themselves and Anita, Stella wrote: “I have never met a woman quite like you Anita. I don't think there is anybody in this universe like you. No one has ever understood me so well. You showed about life and myself and how to grow and become and exist with it all. I was a little girl thinking I was big but I became a woman through knowing you. The secret lyrical you. My best friend.
“The greatest woman I have ever known. Thank you for the most important lessons – because they are ever changing and definitive. Like you. We are all singing for you, how you liked it. Go in peace my Roman mother, you will always be in my heart.”
Anita famously dated Rolling Stones founding member Brian Jones after initially meeting the band at a concert in 1965 in Munich, Germany. They were together for two years, but split after Brian allegedly became abusive. According to reports, it was when Keith saw Brian hitting Anita when they were on holiday in Morocco in 1967 that they stepped in, put Anita in their car and took them back to England. They and Keith dated from that point onwards.
As well as dating Brian and Keith, they are also said to have had a fling with Mick Jagger.
Bebe Buell, the mother of actor Liv Tyler, described Anita as the “official sixth Stone” in their touching tribute to their late friend, writing: “There was none more beautiful, more unique and more inspiring!' ‘The official ‘sixth Stone'... I will love you forever, dearest Anita. ‘Sleep with the special angels, Gods & Goddesses... RIP.”
Keith has yet to comment on Anita's passing on their social media pages.
In addition to hitting headlines with their personal life, Anita was also a successful actor, initially finding fame in 1970 thriller Performance, before going on to star in films including the iconic sci-fi classic Barbarella in 1968.
BNEF Talk: Flexibility and Power Market Design
BNEF's Head of Research Albert Cheung talks about the race to decarbonize the energy sector, and how the first phase – driving down the costs of clean energy – has been a success. The next phase will be a race to unlock flexibility in each part of the power system. (Source: Bloomberg)
Camille Balla, accused of killing their mother, appears in bond court where deputies removed them following an outburst.
A Florida woman is accused of fatally stabbing their mother and gouging the 55-year-old woman's eyeballs out during a drug-fueled attack, according to an arrest report.
Camille Balla, 32, was arrested Friday on a first-degree murder charge in the death of Francisca Monterio-Balla, according to a Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office report.
Deputies said when they arrived at the Royal Palm Beach home the two women shared, they found Bella, who appeared "frantic," sitting on the sidewalk and covered in blood.
"I killed my mother and I need help," Balla told the deputies, according to the report.
Inside the home, deputies found blood-splattered walls throughout the house and discovered Monterio-Balla's body in the garage. Monterio-Balla's eyes had been "removed from their head and placed on a nearby cardboard box," deputies said, according to the report.
Balla told deputies they had smoked marijuana but they suspected it was laced with Flakka or PCP, the report said.
While first responders were on the scene, they reportedly mumbled, screamed and ran around before falling to the ground. Deputies said Balla repeatedly yelled "I'm a murderer!" according to the report.
Deputies also found several handwritten notes in the garage that had "religious-themed written messages related to clearing of the soul," the report said.
Balla was treated for lacerations before they were booked into jail where they remained without bond Monday, records showed. Attorney information wasn't available.
The head advocates for northeast Indiana business interests have resigned in the wake of alleged improprieties, the organization's chairperson said Tuesday.
But that won't disrupt the group's lobbying effort during the Statehouse's current session, said David Findlay, chairperson of the Regional Chamber of Northeast Indiana.
Vince Buchanan, the Regional Chamber's executive director, left their position. Maribeth Callicoat, director of operations, has also resigned, Findlay said. Neither could be reached for comment on Tuesday.
They were the organization's only two full-time employees.
“There are some apparent improprieties at the chamber,” said Findlay, who is also president and CEO of Lake City Bank. “The board has taken quick action.”
The board asked the Northeast Indiana Regional Partnership to perform the Regional Chamber's administrative duties on a temporary basis. John Sampson is president and CEO of that organization.
Board members agreed that the Regional Chamber plays an important role as advocate for interests of its business members, who support the organization with donations, Findlay said. The organization's estimated $500,000 annual revenue includes no taxpayer money, Sampson said.
Sampson planned to travel to Indianapolis this morning to assure the region's legislative delegation that the Regional Chamber's priorities are unchanged.
The group's 2017 policy agenda supports infrastructure projects, higher education, manufacturing job creation and Indiana agriculture. It also asks for limits on the Indiana Department of Environmental Management's authority.
Although northeast Indiana's cities and counties don't pay dues to the Regional Chamber, their leaders are asked each year which of the policy priorities they support. This year, they supported them all.
“Everything keeps moving forward,” Findlay said of the group's mission. “Really, it's just an administrative hiccup.”
Findlay declined to comment on personnel matters. They gave no indication what the alleged improprieties were or whether Buchanan and Callicoat disputed them.
The Regional Chamber's board has formed a task force that will develop a longer-term strategy for the organization, Findlay said. It's too soon to talk about filling the positions, they said.
The organization traces its beginning to 1980, when it was called the Fort Wayne Corporate Council. It became the Regional Chamber of Northeast Indiana in 2010.
The Regional Chamber has always been separate from the former Greater Fort Wayne Chamber of Commerce, which was merged in 2013 with the Fort Wayne-Allen County Economic Development Alliance to become Greater Fort Wayne Inc.
The Regional Chamber's primary lobbying work is performed by a contractor, Catalyst Public Affairs Group. The Indianapolis firm was co-founded by Matt Bell, former president of Ivy Tech Corporate College and the Regional Chamber's founding CEO.
Buchanan was hired as executive director in July 2013. They previously served as president of the New Haven Chamber of Commerce and was a restaurateur. Buchanan was named to the Allen County Board of Zoning Appeals, a position they resigned from in the past few weeks.
Callicoat holds a master's of business administration, according to their bio, which is still found on the Regional Chamber's website. As operations director, they were “responsible for all financial operations, internal and external communication” and other tasks.
Callicoat was previously controller at the former Greater Fort Wayne Chamber of Commerce for more than 19 years.
Sampson appreciates officials' reaction to the executives' resignations.
“Everybody said, ‘This is not good, but we're going to make it work,' ” they said.
sslater@jg.net
Gen Qamar commends Kakul academy for professional upbringing of cadets
Chief of army staff (COAS) General Qamar Javed Bajwa visited Pakistan Military Academy Kakul in Abbotabad.
According to the Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR), the army chief was briefed about various functional aspects of the academy for grooming and professional upbringing of cadets.
Talking to the faculty, the army chief appreciated exceptionally high standards of the premier army institution and its efforts towards grooming of the young cadets to take on challenges of future battlefield, lead men from front and be good citizens of Pakistan with the drive, acumen and outlook to contribute to both their institution and the country.
Earlier, on arrival COAS was received by Commandant PMA Maj-Gen Abdullah Dogar.
COAS condoles with Lt-Col Amer Wahid's family: Gen Qamar also visited the family of Lieutenant Colonel Amer Wahid in Lahore who embraced martyrdom near Panjgur, Balochistan on September 4 in a terrorist attack.
“The supreme sacrifices rendered by our officers and men shall never go waste,” the army chief said.
They condoled with the bereaved family and offered Fateha.
“Our fight against terrorism shall continue till achievement of enduring peace and stability,” COAS reiterated.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A BINMAN dad of two says they face a £5,000 a year pay cut if they want to carry on working with the service.
The refuse collector, who has worked 15 years on the bins, writes anonymously on the Unite trade union website.
And they say they and their workmates hate seeing rubbish pile up in the street, too.
In the online blog, they insist strike action was very much the last resort for binmen after seeing their pay plummet and jobs under threat.
And they accuse Birmingham City Council of ‘redundancy by the back door' over its plans to scrap 113 leading hand grade three level jobs.
The binman says they face a £5,000 a year pay cut if they want to carry on working with the service.
(Image: Snapperssk)
The alternative, they claim, is an uncertain and probably temporary alternative job in another cash-strapped council department such as parks or housing. The council claims the jobs on offer are as secure as any in the organisation.
“I've been working for Birmingham's refuse service – or the ‘bins' as me and my mates call it – for over 15 years now,” says.
“I say mates because that's what my colleagues are. We're a close-knit bunch doing a hard and dirty job serving the people of Birmingham.”
They say the crew picks up 100 bins an hour, taking bins from door to the wagon and back.
“It can be mucky and difficult at times, but we take pride in the vital service we provide,” they say, adding that replacing the essential safety role at the back of the wagon, with the driver using CCTV instead, will increase the risk to staff and the public.
In recent years, they say, the public sector pay freeze and a reduction in the numbers on the bin crew from five to three have placed extra pressure on binmen.
“I've got two young kids, a mortgage and bills to pay,” they add. “My wife works, but it will be a struggle to make ends meet and see us cutting back on everything bar the essentials.
“If I'm going to struggle, I fear for my colleagues whose wage is the only income in their household.
“So, I hope you can put yourself in my shoes and understand why we're taking strike action.
“We don't want to see rubbish piling up in the streets or inconvenience to the people we serve. After all, the people inconvenienced are our friends, our families and our communities. We want to solve this dispute, but bosses need to hear our concerns.
“Until then we will continue to stand up for our livelihoods and the jobs we love to do.”
Copenhagen Airports A/S announced (08-Dec-2017) two sets of charges reductions to strengthen the position of Copenhagen Kastrup Airport, entering effect from 01-Apr-2018. Overall airport charges will be reduced by an average of 10%, while charges for operations from Copenhagen to "regional airports" will be reduced 35%. Regional airports in Denmark, Norway, Lithuania and Poland, among others, will be available under the regional incentive scheme. Copenhagen Airports A/S chairperson Lars Nørby Johansen said: "Both from the political side and from airlines, there has been a wish for lower airport charges... We've listened to that". Mr Johansen added the airport wants to "respond to the new regulation" set out by the Danish Government in mid 2017, and "create a good common starting point for the upcoming charges negotiations". [more - original PR]
MILWAUKEE (AP/WCMH) — Prosecutors allege a Milwaukee woman killed their 4-year-old son by setting them on fire in a bathtub in their apartment.
Amelia DiStasio, 23, faces a charge of first-degree intentional homicide. They remain jailed with bail set at $400,000.
According to the complaint, authorities were called about smoke at DiStasio's south side apartment Thursday morning and found their son Antonio's burned and lifeless body in the bathtub. Their hands had been bound behind their back with several belts, and a plastic garbage bag was over their head. An open bottle of cooking oil was in the bathroom.
According to WTMJ, the night before the fire, the criminal complaint said a neighbor heard the child say, “Please mommy, stop! I won't do it again!” They heard Distasio yell, “Shut up!”
The mother was not home. A witness says they saw DiStasio climb out of the apartment window and run away.
A police officer later found DiStasio walking. It's unclear if they have an attorney.
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
By Music News Group
Photo by John Shearer/Getty Images via ABCMiley Cyrus received the Teen Choice Awards' highest honor last night, but the singer wasn't there to accept it.
In an Instagram post following the ceremony, Miley explained why they cancelled their appearance at the last minute. They started off by thanking fans for presenting them with The Ultimate Choice Award.
“I am beyond bummed I couldn't make it to the show as I had every intention of being there to accept and celebrate this honor!” they write. “I created an unrealistic schedule for myself which leads me to this announcement!”
The announcement is that their new single and music video, “Young Now,” will be dropping this Friday.
Miley continues: “I hope to always make people smile and shine light thru my work! I look forward to making music for the rest of my life and I'm thankful everyday for those who listen! I am sending so much love and peace into the world right now because THAT'S what we need most!”
Teen Choice Awards presenter Victoria Justice announced that Miley wouldn't be attending the show, prompting a shocked and disappointed reaction from the crowd.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Music News
If reports are to be believed then Salman Khan might be replacing Saif Ali Khan in Ramesh Taurani's Race 3. The actor who was last seen in Kabir Khan's Tubelight was supposed to kick-start Remo D'Souza's untitled dance film but that flick has been put on the backburner as of now.
Amidst these rumours, we hear that this B-town actor has been finalized as one of the leading ladies opposite Salman in Race 3. Find out who they are.
Swissport confirmed (11-Aug-2017) the refinancing project previously announced on 11-Jul-2017 is now effective. The solution comprises a new capital structure strategy, with EUR200 million of gross debt repayment, and the creation of a new distinct credit and covenant perimeter for the group in respect of the credit facility and new notes. The Group refinanced its EUR660 million Term Loan B (TLB) by raising a new EUR460 million TLB, and paid down the remaining EUR200 million balance with cash on hand, utilising a portion of the funds received by way of a EUR718 million equity injection from HNA Group in Apr-2017. The company stated the repayment of EUR200 million in gross debt leaves Swissport in a strong financial position, with "sufficient liquidity to meet its obligations and the financial flexibility to pursue attractive growth opportunities". [more - original PR]
In the third and final installment of our series on “language conventions that so many editors and journalists are reticent to release,” we have some gifts for you. But first, as the Wizard of Oz says, we need you to perform a very small task:
Let it go.
(Okay, so we mixed up lines from The Wizard of Oz and Frozen. Let it go.)
We have gifted you in the past with permission to use conjunctions to begin a sentence, because we all do anyway, and to use “over” instead of “more than,” because, again, we all do it anyway. We have said that, in most situations, you can use “like” instead of “such as” even if the list that follows includes the very thing you are likening the others to. That means the phrase “words like ‘over' and ‘more than' are becoming interchangeable” includes “over” and “more than” as among the things that are becoming interchangeable.
We have said that “hopefully” long ago lost its sole sense of “in a hopeful manner” and can be used with abandon to mean “it is hoped.” (Even the Associated Press, still a holdout when we wrote that in 2009, has come around, and The New York Times stylebook entry no longer says that the “it is hoped” usage “inflames passions”; instead it says it “still irritates some traditionalists.”)
Ending a sentence with a preposition is something with which we put up all the time, yet many people still think it is wrong.
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
Search for any of the above, and you will find a multitude of sites insisting that they are all mistakes that will somehow make your communications misunderstood and, in turn, make you look like a fool in business as well as your personal life. (We will dignify none of those sites with any links here, but some look quite foolish themselves.) Even some grammar checkers will scold you for some of the above.
So here is our gift to you:
Damn those sticklers in favor of what sounds best to you, in the context of the writing and the audience it's intended for.
If your audience is unlikely to have heard of “petitio principii,” go ahead and use “beg the question” to mean either “ask the question” or “avoid the question.” Just be sure the context makes it clear which one you mean.
Don't get your pants in a twist if you see “hone in on” instead of “home in on.” Few people will misunderstand it, and in just 13 years, it has gone from totally unacceptable to all-but-standard in the estimation of Bryan A. Garner and their modern usage books. And he's often a late adopter.
Perhaps you “feel badly about the way they use grammar.” Perhaps you “feel bad about the way they use grammar.” Ignore the people tweeting GIFs of someone seemingly unable to experience touch. You are on the side of popular usage, and that usually wins.
Passive voice is able to be used. Maybe not in that way, but it can be used when you need to use it. Sometimes it's more important to emphasize the thing having something done to it more than the thing doing it. The difference between “Congress plans to raise your taxes” and “Your taxes would be raised by Congress” may be important in the context.
“Decimate” is a perfectly fine word for “nearly destroyed.” We're not quite ready to give up on the idea that “completely destroyed” is redundant, but if you're being paid by the word, go for it.
If you're writing for a medical audience, “stanching” blood flow is probably better. For everyone else, “staunching” will do. But be prepared for a bloody battle from some editors and readers.
You can decide whether you want a comma before the word “too” in a construction like “He wishes they would discuss idioms too.” No law requires it. And no law bans it. (Remember, the grammar police have no enforcement powers.)
These gifts, though, come with a few conditions. One is that spelling is not as open to interpretation as usage. Go ahead and spell it “alright,” or “miniscule,” or “healthcare,” and defend the spelling because “it's in the dictionary.” But most publications have style guides, and one thing those style guides do is try to standardize spelling to avoid the momentary confusion from a reader seeing “health care” in one article and “healthcare” in another. If your publication's style guide swings one way and not the other, just suck it up.
Second, you do not have permission to just make things up. Most of the time. Given a choice between using “home in on” and “hone in on,” you can decide. But you can't just use “hone on it” and expect your audience to understand it. (The exceptions are where you are doing something for effect, and it's clear that you are doing something for effect.)
Third, do not come after us to complain that we are contributing to the destruction of the English language. “We” are simply listening to what “you” are doing. And by “you,” we mean “us.” That's where these language changes come from. Do you really want to go back to when “contact” was not a verb?
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Merrill Perlman managed copy desks across the newsroom at The New York Times, where they worked for 25 years. Follow them on Twitter at @meperl.
BRITAIN'S FERTILITY AUTHORITY said it has granted permission to doctors at a clinic in northeastern England to create babies from the DNA of three people.
The authority said it has granted the permission to do this to help prevent two women from passing on fatal genetic diseases to their children.
It is the first such approval for the UK, however, the technique has already previously been used. A baby was born in Mexico in 2016 using the experimental therapy.
The treatment fixes problems linked to mitochondria, the energy-producing structures outside a cell's nucleus. Faulty mitochondria can result in conditions including muscular dystrophy and major organ failure.
The technique uses DNA from two women and one man.
Last year, Britain granted Newcastle University a license to use the novel technique but approval is still needed for individual patients.
Image copyright Sebastian Errazuriz Image caption Sebastian Errazuriz shared images of their protest sculpture on Instagram
An artist has "vandalised" Snapchat's newest feature in protest against an "augmented reality corporate invasion".
Snapchat recently teamed up with artist Jeff Koons to make 3D replicas of their artwork visible with its smartphone app in nine major cities.
Sebastian Errazuriz protested by making a graffiti-covered replica of Koons' Balloon Dog sculpture in Central Park.
An academic said the protest draws attention to "important questions" about cities' digital spaces.
Snapchat's artworks are part of its 3D World Lenses offerings, which add augmented reality filters to real-world scenes when using its app.
Mr Errazuriz said that while Snapchat's virtual installations seem "relatively innocent", they also represent a "technological and social milestone".
"The growth of augmented reality... will soon see corporations increasingly encroaching on public space.
"It is vital to open up a dialogue and start questioning now how much of our virtual public space we are willing to give to companies."
Image copyright Sebastian Errazuriz Image caption "Central Park belongs to the city of NY," Mr Errazuriz wrote on Instagram. "Why should corporations get to geo-tag its [GPS] co-ordinates for free?"
Mr Errazuriz said they and their team at studio Cross Lab initially submitted their protest sculpture to Snapchat.
When they received no response, they created an independent app called ARNYC, which allows users to see both the original Snapchat sculpture and the graffiti-covered version in the same location.
ARNYC's website says that the app is still being reviewed.
Mark Graham, professor at the Oxford Internet Institute, said "we should be asking questions" about who controls a city's virtual space.
"I don't think that there is anything particularly problematic with Snapchat's decision to display virtual installations around the world," they told the BBC.
Image copyright Snap Image caption Snapchat users can only see Mr Koons' artworks if they are at specific locations
"The issue is more just that, as ever more people experience their cities through a digital lens, everyone should feel they have a right to access, use, and create in those digital spaces."
"I think Mr Errazuriz's protest is effective in the sense that it draws attention to important questions about control, access, and visibility of the digital layers of our cities."
Snapchat's Balloon Dog is also visible in Hyde Park in the UK.
Snapchat has not yet responded to requests for comment.
President Trump said Monday that if they were their nominee to lead the Veterans Affairs Department, they would drop out.
Trump's nominee for the Veterans Affairs position, Dr. Ronny Jackson, who serves as the White House physician, is facing allegations of excessive drinking, overprescribing drugs, and leading a "toxic" work environment, the New York Times and CNN reported.
"If I were them — actually, in many ways I would love to be them — but the fact is I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it. What do they need it for?" Trump said, suggesting that Jackson drop out not because of the allegations, but because of partisan politics. "To be abused by a bunch of politicians that aren't thinking nicely about our country."
"I really don't think, personally, they should do it, but it's totally their decision," Trump said about Jackson continuing a nomination.
The Senate Veterans Affairs Committee has been looking into those allegations since last week and has delayed Jackson's confirmation hearing.
With some serious allegations being leveled at him, I'm wondering what you know of those allegations, and do you intend to stand behind him?
TRUMP: Well, I haven't heard of the particular allegations. But I will tell you, he's one of the finest people that I have met. And I think speaking for Melania also, he's been the doctor for President Obama, I believe for President Bush, for me.
I've gotten to know them pretty well; he's a great doctor. And it was a suggestion — now, I know there's an experience problem, because lack of experience. But there's an experience problem — the Veteran's Administration is very important to me.
We've done a great job with it, as you know, with the Accountability Act and many other things. Now we're working on choice. It's going to happen. We're going to take great care of our veterans — that's a very, very important thing. We've done a great job.
But I told Admiral Jackson just a little while ago — I said, what do you need this for? This is a vicious group of people that malign, and they do — and I live through it, we all live through it. You people are getting record ratings because of it, so congratulations.
But I say, what do you need it for? He's an admiral, he's a great leader. And they question them about every little thing. As you know, with the success of what will hopefully soon be Secretary of State Pompeo, everybody was very surprised.
So now they say, who's next? Who's next? And this person, Admiral Jackson, Dr. Jackson, is a wonderful man.
I said to him, what do you need it for? And as far as experience is concerned, the Veteran's Administration, which is approximately 13 million people, is so big you could run the biggest hospital system in the world and it's small-time compared to the Veteran's Administration.
So nobody has the experience. What they are is a leader and a good man. But I told him, I said, you know what, Doc? You're too fine a person. Their son's a top student at Annapolis.  They are a high-quality person. I said, what do you need it for?
So he'll be — it's totally their decision, but he'll be making a decision. But they failed with Mike Pompeo, and that was a big, big hit because they thought they could stop them and embarrass. The Democrats have become obstructionists; that's all they're good at.
They're not good at anything else. They have bad ideas, they have bad politics. The one thing they do is obstruct. And that's why I'm waiting for — you would never believe this — I'm waiting for very good people like the ambassador to Germany.
Hasn't been approved yet, been in there for 11 or 12 months. We have Angela Merkel coming to the United States on Friday. We still don't have our ambassador approved. And at this rate, and many of the papers checked it out yesterday, and they actually said I was right.
But it would be nine years before these people were — we have hundreds of people in, waiting to be approved. And the Democrats are taking 30 hours per person; they're taking the maximum time. They are obstructionists. That's very bad for our country.
I said to Dr. Jackson, what do you need it for? So, we'll see what happens. I don't want to put a man through who is not a political person — I don't want to put a man through a process like this. It's too ugly and too disgusting. So, we'll see what happens. He'll make a decision.
QUESTION: Are you saying, Mr. President, that you will stand behind him?
TRUMP: Oh, I would definitely stand behind him. He's a fine man. I'll always stand behind him. I would let it be their choice, but here's a man who has just been an extraordinary person. Their family, extraordinary success. Great doctor, great everything, and they have to listen to the abuse. If I were them — actually in many ways I'd love to be him. But the fact is I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it. What do they need it for? To be abused by a bunch of politicians that aren't thinking nicely about our country? I really don't think personally they should do it, but it's totally theirs — I would stand behind them — totally their decision.
By: Charles Curtis | February 15, 2017 10:17 am
The rumors that San Antonio Spurs forward David Lee and tennis star Caroline Wozniacki — the ex-fiance of golfer Rory McIlroy — are dating have persisted for some time.
All the way back in December of 2015, there was talk of the pair being spotted together.
Caro with David Lee, Scottie Pippen at Art Basel Kick-Off party in Miami last night ( photo via Larsa Pippen IG) pic.twitter.com/WehRRRBwu9 — CaroWozniackiNews (@CWTennis) December 2, 2015
Plus, they've trained together:
Thanks @dlee042 and @benbrunotraining for making my birthday so enjoyable! 😂🤔 #535pounds #I'mfeeling26 A post shared by Caroline Wozniacki (@carowozniacki) on Jul 11, 2016 at 12:26pm PDT
And then there's this photo from last December:
San Antonio was fun🏀😊 nice evening with these guys @dlee042 @_tonyparker09 @iamgaelmonfils A post shared by Caroline Wozniacki (@carowozniacki) on Dec 19, 2016 at 10:12am PST
Now, we've got two pieces of proof they're an item. The first was a Wozniacki Instagram story posted on Valentine's Day:
DAVID LEE WITH THE VALENTINE'S DAY ROSES FOR CAROLINE WOZNIACKI pic.twitter.com/LpUStqngc7 — Jeff Eisenband (@JeffEisenband) February 14, 2017
Yup, they gave a shoutout to Lee there.
The second is a little more explicit: Wozniacki's brother Patrik told Danish tabloid Ekstra Bladet that the pair are indeed dating.
No official words yet from Wozniacki and Lee themselves, but that Valentine's Day photo all but confirms it, right?
Beer. Soda. Cars. These are the things we typically expect to make appearances in TV commercials on Super Bowl Sunday. But increasingly advertisers seem to be more willing to interrupt America's most popular sporting event to discuss a touchier subject: Student debt.
Since 2016, Social Finance or SoFi, the financial services company best known for student loan refinancing, has been advertising during the Super Bowl in a variety of forms. Last year, the company won a big bet when the Super Bowl went into overtime for the first time ever. SoFi was one of a handful of brands that made deals to run ads for a fraction of the typical Super Bowl price in the event of overtime. This year, the company will be advertising its refinancing product in six major markets during the Super Bowl.
And, now, another brand has decided to use the Super Bowl as an opportunity to talk about student loans. Natural Light, the cheap beer many college graduates will remember from football tailgates and sticky frat house floors, is airing an ad offering to pay off $40,000 worth of student debt for 25 borrowers. To be eligible to win, borrowers must post a video of themselves explaining their inspiration for going to college and holding a tab found on cans inside limited edition packages of the beer, better known as Natty Light. Natty will be showing the ad in 10 regional markets with large universities in hopes of getting the eyeballs students and recent graduates.
Natty Light decided to create the ad after noticing something among their target demographic. “Everybody was talking about student loans,” said Chelsea Phillips, vice president for value and beyond beer brands at Anheuser-Busch Inbev SA/NV BUD, -2.05% Natty Light's parent company. “Every once in a while you just get a random meme where people are lamenting the fact they are spending their money there,” they said.
Though it appears that student-debt focused ads will likely be limited to these two campaigns, the topic appearing during the Super Bowl at all is a sign of the times. As college costs have grown and wages have stayed relatively stagnant, both the number of student loan borrowers and the overall debt balance has ticked up over the past several years. These days, more than 40 million borrowers hold roughly $1.4 trillion in student loans.
Student loan borrowers are a lucrative target market
The high-priced ads, which could reach an audience of more than 100 million, are just the latest indication that catering to student loan borrowers can be big business. Companies are now offering credit cards with rewards geared to student loan help and tools to help borrowers monitor their debt. Employers are even looking to lure talent with benefits packages that include student loan help.
Millennials make up the lion's share of that target market. “Student debt is a universal part of their life,” said Mark Huelsman, a senior policy analyst at Demos, a left-leaning think tank.
Other cultural and economic hot-button issues have often made an appearance in commercials during the Super Bowl, according to Tim Calkins, a marketing professor at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management. They cited a 2009 commercial advertising the opportunity to trade gold for cash during the depths of the economic crisis, Coca-Cola KO, -1.52% debuting its first ad featuring a same-sex couple in 2014 during the Super Bowl and Audi's 2017 ad discussing equal pay for equal work as examples.
“Issues that are important in society have a tendency to show up in super bowl advertising,” they said. “All of these companies are out surveying people trying to understand what people are concerned about and are trying to figure out how do we tap into those issues?”
Super Bowl ads show it's OK to talk about student debt
For SoFi, part of the goal of running the ad during the Super Bowl, in addition to raising awareness of the brand itself, is to encourage people to talk more openly about student debt, said Joanne Bradford, the company's chief marketing officer. They have a vested interest in that happening: That discussion could nudge borrowers towards SoFi products, Bradford believes, because borrowers will better understand how those products could help them manage their debt.
“One of the No. 1 financial barriers to people in their life is overcoming their student loan debt,” they said. “It should be talked about.”
It's hard to measure whether these thematic ads work in the traditional sense of getting more customers to buy a product, said Gary Getto, the president of the Advertising Benchmark Index. That's because their goal typically is not to get people to buy a product, but is instead to make people feel warm about the brand. That was the case with SoFi's ad last year, which used footage created by customers, said Bradford. Customers “get very excited when they see a company that they're doing business with” in the Super Bowl, they said.
In order for these ads to work, they need to be a logical extension of the brand, Getto said. For example, some viewers thought last year's Audi ad focusing on equal pay seemed more like a non sequitur than the “Like A Girl” campaign by Always.
Though beer and student loans may not seem like a natural pair, Natty Light's Phillips said the company is betting that its target customers who enjoyed the brand in college will appreciate the company's take on the student debt crisis.
“Frankly, we believe that college loans suck,” they said.
Watch the student loan-themed Super Bowl ads below:
And SoFi's commercial from 2018:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
What better way to celebrate the start of the New Year than by heading out for a meal with some mates or the family?
There's no need to stay inside if you're worried about spending the money - we all love a bargain, especially when we're eating out and tucking in to some good food.
That's where this list comes in handy as getreading has put together a guide to the latest restaurant offers available in January, so you can hang on to more of your hard-earned cash post Christmas spending.
All these offers are current and are available at chains in Reading.
If you do decide to visit the same chain in Bracknell or Wokingham, it's always best to double-check with the restaurant before booking so you're not disappointed.
If none of these offers take your fancy, take a look at Reading's newest restaurants if you're looking to try somewhere new.
Taking part in Dry January? See
Take a look at the top offers online:
Strada
Present your voucher for 30 per cent off main courses.
Click here to sign up to receive your voucher.
Ts&Cs: Valid Sunday through to Friday. Offer expires on Sunday, January 8.
Toby Carvery
Receive 25 per cent off your food bill if you spend more than £15.
You can download the voucher here.
Ts&Cs: This will be available to redeem all day Monday to Saturday. Offer expires on Thursday, January 19.
Harvester
Kids eat for £1 at Harvester with every adult meal - for example, one adult main entitles you to one kids main for £1, two adult mains entitles you to two kids main for £1 each, and so on.
You can download the voucher here.
Ts&Cs: Offer expires on Sunday, January 8.
Walkabout
Inject some Aussie sunshine into January with 50 per cent off selected food and drinks.
All of the bar's favourites marked with a blue ‘5to7' logo will be entitled to 50 per cent off between 5pm and 7pm from Monday to Thursday.
You can also enjoy an 'Aussie' lunch and drink off the lunchtime menu for £5.50 from Monday to Friday from midday until 5pm.
Zizzi's
Enjoy three courses for £15.95, all day from Friday to Sunday with the Amico set menu.
You can download the voucher by filling in your details online.
Ts&Cs: Offer is valid from Friday, January 6 to Sunday, January 29.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court ruled Tuesday that thousands of victims of terrorist attacks overseas cannot sue a foreign bank under a U.S. law dating from the 1700s.
By a 5-4 vote, the court refused to revive lawsuits, dismissed by the lower courts, that sought to hold Arab Bank, which is headquartered in Jordan, responsible for attacks against foreign nationals in the Middle East. More than 6,000 survivors and relatives of those killed in the West Bank and Gaza claimed that officials of the bank were complicit in the attacks.
Beginning in 2004, the victims filed a series of lawsuits accusing the bank of helping to finance Hamas and other terror organizations. The legal action was filed in the U.S. and aimed at Arab Bank through its branch in New York. The lead plaintiff in the case before the Supreme Court, Joseph Jesner, lost their 19-year-old son to a suicide bombing in Tel Aviv.
The lawsuits invoked one of the first laws ever passed by Congress, the Alien Tort Statute of 1789, known as ATS, intended to be a forum for resolving claims of piracy. But Tuesday's ruling said the law did not allow lawsuits of the kind filed by the terror victims.
"Absent further action from Congress, it would be inappropriate for courts to extend ATS liability to foreign corporations," wrote Justice Anthony Kennedy for the court's majority.
"Courts are not well suited to make the required policy judgments that are implicated by corporate liability in cases like this one."
Three children died in East Tennessee and three in Middle Tennessee, the department said in an email. The pregnant woman died in Middle Tennessee. The department said it couldn't release additional details of the deaths.
The Health Department urges people who have not yet had a flu vaccination this season to get one as soon as possible. County health department clinics are providing flu shots at no charge to patients until vaccine supplies are depleted. Flu vaccines are also widely available from a number of other health care providers.
Weeks into the flu outbreak, hospitals still report high numbers of patients coming through their emergency departments.
But do you need to go to the emergency room for influenza?
Well, it depends.
“The flu and illnesses are sending many people to area ERs, even some folks who may not need an emergency visit,” said Knox County Mayor Tim Burchett, who teamed up with Knox County Health Department director Dr. Martha Buchanan for a public service announcement this week. “It's important, for the health and safety of our community, to save space in our hospitals and emergency departments for those who need it most. In many cases, a trip to your doctor or to a walk-in or urgent-care clinic is a better option.”
For starters, not all that is making you ill is flu. Statewide, about 18 percent of specimens sent to the Tennessee Department of Health for testing have been positive for flu. From this area, it's running between 8 percent and 9 percent. On Monday, 10 of the 45 specimens University of Tennessee Medical Center's emergency department tested were positive.
“It's important that we take influenza seriously, but we must save the ER for those who are most at risk of severe disease,” Buchanan said.
So who is that? The very young, people 65 and older, pregnant women and people with certain chronic medical conditions, including asthma, chronic lung disease, heart disease and diabetes.
Those people can still go to their doctors or a walk-in clinic, rather than the ER, unless they're having difficulty breathing or shortness of breath; pain or pressure in their chest and abdomen; sudden dizziness; confusion; severe or persistent vomiting; or flu-like symptoms that improve over time but then return with fever and worse cough.
For children, there's a longer list of reasons to visit the ER. Fast breathing or trouble breathing, bluish skin color, not drinking fluids, not waking up or interacting, being so irritable child does not want to be held, fever with rash, and flu-like symptoms that improve but return with fever and worse cough are all reason to take a child to the emergency room.
In addition, get immediate medical help for babies who aren't able to eat, are having trouble breathing, have no tears when crying, and have significantly fewer than normal wet diapers.
Normal flu symptoms can include fever – low-grade, for less than three days – cough, sore throat, runny or stuffy nose, body aches, headache, chills, fatigue and sometimes diarrhea and vomiting.
Buchanan said most people with flu don't need medical care or antiviral drugs; they just need to stay home, rest and avoid infecting others. If you absolutely must leave the house, try to wear a facemask, they said.
Stay home at least 24 hours after the fever is gone without the use of fever-reducing medications, like Tylenol or Advil. This means no work, school, church, travel, shopping or social events.
And wash your hands thoroughly, with soap and hot water. Not only can that slow the flu's spread if you have it – because you can be infectious before you even show symptoms – but handwashing also can help you avoid getting the flu.
Meek Mill is set to be freed from prison on Tuesday after the Pennsylvania Supreme Court ordered the rapper be granted "unsecured bail," overruling a lower court's original sentencing.
Meek Mill, whose real name is Robert Williams, spent five months in prison for violating their parole from a 2008 case and faced a total of two to four years in prison.
“I'd like to thank God, my family, and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time,” Meek Mill tweeted on Tuesday. “While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive.”
The rapper also thanked the Philadelphia Supreme Court for its “commitment to justice.”
“I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues,” they said.
Michael Rubin, owner of the Philadelphia 76ers, wrote in an Instagram caption that they were on their way to pick up the rapper from prison on Tuesday.
“@meekmill is FREE!!! Just left visiting Meek with @kevinhart4real and I'm on the way back to pick them up as we speak! #MeekisFree,” said Rubin, who has helped lead the charge to overturn Meek Mill's sentencing.
After Meek Mill was arrested for popping a wheelie in the fall on counts of reckless endangerment and reckless driving, public figures like Jay-Z and Kevin Hart also rallied in their defense. Jay-Z wrote a New York Times op-ed in November titled, “The Criminal Justice System Stalks Black People Like Meek Mill.” There were also protests in their name, with supporters saying Meek Mill was treated unfairly.
When asked if they wanted to comment on the matter, a representative for the Pennsylvania Supreme Court told BuzzFeed News, “The order speaks for itself.”
Staff report
TROY — Join in on the summer fun by participating in a hashtag project designed by the Miami County Visitors & Convention Bureau. For the next 16 weeks, the MCVCB will choose great Instagram post/photos to repost on their social media promoting Miami County. Every two weeks, a different category will be featured that will get folks out and about the Miami County area.
Participants will first need a public Instagram profile and must use the following hashtags — #MiamiCountyandMe, #HomeGrownGreat, and one of the category hashtags that will change every two weeks. Category hashtags include:
#MiamiCountyFood (June 1-14) — You could win a cooking class for four at Troy's new bed and breakfast, the Charlotte.
#MiamiCountyFamilies (June 15-28) — Win a canoe trip for a family of four at Adventures on the Great Miami and Barefoot Canoes.
#MiamiCountyCoffee (June 29- July 12) — Win a great coffee experience for six people with Joe Reiser, owner of Winans.
#MiamiCountyHistory (July 13-26) — Winning this category will get your family 2019 family memberships at Brukner Nature Center, WACO Air Museum and Johnston Farm & Indian Agency.
#MiamiCountyOutdoors (July 27 to Aug. 9) — A brand-new kayak from SmithFly.
#MiamiCountyArt (Aug. 10-23) — Paint class for four with Wine & Design by Mary Frances Rodriguez.
#MiamiCountyShopping (Aug. 24 to Sept. 6) — Gift cards from local shops in Covington, Piqua, Tipp City, Troy and West Milton.
#MiamiCountyBestOf (Sept. 7-20) — Staley Farm & Indian Creek Distillery tour with tasting for six people.
The idea is to capture the best of Miami County that fits into one of these categories and post it to Instagram with the appropriate hashtags.
“And a great place to capture Miami County food would be at the upcoming Troy Strawberry Festival,” said Miami County Visitors Bureau Executive Director Diana Thompson.
After the end of each two-week hashtag category, a panel of judges will select the winning image and award the winner a unique prize related to that category.
“We hope folks will want to come out and capture the best Miami County has to offer by participating in this Instagram Hashtag Project that's not just good, but Homegrown Great!” Thompson said.
Contact the Miami County Visitors & Convention Bureau a 339-1044 with any questions.
TWO Limerick clubs who did not play their re-arranged Ulster Bank League fixtures last weekend will be in action this Bank Holiday Monday.
In Division 1A, sixth-placed Young Munster travel to College Park to face Dublin University, 2.30pm. Meanwhile, in Division 1B, improving UL-Bohemian host second-placed Ballynahinch in Annacotty. Promotion-chasing Shannon, currently third, will travel to Cork to take on basement side Dolphin at Musgrave Park on Easter Saturday, March 31.
Young Munster have been on an excellent run of form recently, winning each of their last five fixtures in the top flight. However, Monday's away date with Dublin University is another ‘must-win' game for the Greenfields side in the context of looking to secure a top four play-off spot.
Munsters' excellent run included a hard fought 15-11 win over Cork Constitution at Clifford Park last time out. Munsters currently have 38 points, five behind Clontarf who occupy the final play-off spot.
Following Monday's outing at College Park, Gearoid Prendergast's side have three games remaining, at home to Buccaneers and Lansdowne as well as an away date with UCD. Eighth-placed Dublin University, trail Munsters' by 15 points in the table.
In Division 1B, also on Bank Holiday Monday, rejuvenated UL-Bohs will be looking to make it five wins on the bounce when hosting second-placed Ballynahinch at Annacotty
Eighth-placed UL-Bohs are now 12 points clear of bottom side Dolphin who occupy the automatic relegation position.
However, UL-Bohs are just one point ahead of ninth-placed Ballymena who sit in the relegation play-off position in the table. So the Red, Red Robins still remain in the relegation battle.
Monday's visitors Ballynahinch enjoy a 20-point lead over the Annacotty side in the table.
Meanwhile, Garryowen head coach Conan Doyle admitted that suffering their first home defeat of the league season against Terenure College on Sunday was a ‘tough one to take'. The loss saw fifth-placed Garryowen drop out of the play-off places.
Conan Doyle said: “It was a disappointing scoreline. I thought the effort out of the lads was very good the whole way through. Unfortunately, things didn't come off for us and they managed to get a few scores.
”Terenure are good at putting away opportunities that they get. Unfortunately, we weren't today.
”It is a tough one to take. It is our first loss at home as well which makes it a bit harder, but there is still a lot to play for.
“We just know that we need to be better in our next outing.
“Before today the target was to win four out of four in terms of our remaining games.
“That would probably have given us a really strong chance of securing a top four finish. Now it is about trying to win three out of three to try and give ourselves a chance, take care of our own fate.
”That is what we will be looking to do. It is all to play for still.”
Doyle is confident the ‘Light Blues' can park Sunday's defeat quickly and switch focus to the remaining three games, beginning with Clontarf on Saturday, March 24.
“Today wasn't the norm for us. We are going to have a look and see what were the big issues there today because it was very different to what we would normally do.”
San Francisco 49ers coach Chip Kelly lasted just one season as the team made the firing official after Sunday's 25-23 loss to the Seahawks.
Kelly was 2-14 in their one season with the 49ers. They were fired despite inheriting a roster that wasn't exactly suited for their unique speed-oriented offense. General manager Trent Baalke was also fired on Sunday.
This was how Twitter reacted to the news.
What exactly did the 49ers expect Chip Kelly to do with that roster? — Robert Mays (@robertmays) January 2, 2017
Chip Kelly is a genius, he's getting paid by two different teams now to NOT coach. I've been not coaching for free all these years — Dave Rappoccio (@DrawPlayDave) January 2, 2017
Chip Kelly, Mark Helfrich, and Kevin Wilson are currently free agents. There is no need to have a bad offense. — Tony Gerdeman (@TonyGerdeman) January 2, 2017
Even after this year, Chip Kelly's win % as a pro coach (28-35, .444) is basically identical to Bill Belichick's in Cleveland (36-44, .450). — Bill Barnwell (@billbarnwell) January 2, 2017
A reminder before Chip Kelly is fired: The 49ers have won 7 games since deciding Jim Harbaugh was too much of a meanie to coach their team. — Sean Tomlinson (@SeanGTomlinson) January 2, 2017
49ers win totals since 2003: 7
2
4
7
5
7
8
6
13***
11***
12***
8***
5
2 ***Jim Harbaugh was the coach — Will Brinson (@WillBrinson) January 2, 2017
The 49ers only sign coaches who flame out in one season so it's definitely Greg Schiano time in San Francisco — Mike Tunison (@xmasape) January 2, 2017
The Niners can afford to cut ties with Chip Kelly because Jim Tomsula's severance is being paid in Camel Cash. — Bobby Big Wheel (@BobbyBigWheel) January 2, 2017
Been hard on Jed but they made the right decision. Fire everyone, start from scratch. Chip wasn't the guy. Eat the $ and move on — John Middlekauff (@JohnMiddlekauff) January 2, 2017
TABC high school basketball rankings
SUGAR LAND, Texas (AP) - High school basketball rankings as compiled by the Texas Association of Basketball Coaches for the week of Dec. 11:
BOYS PUBLIC
Class 6A
1. Denton Guyer, 16-0; 2. Austin Westlake, 15-2; 3. Cypress Falls, 12-2; 4. SA Wagner, 10-2; 5. Spring Dekaney, 14-2; 6. South Garland, 14-2; 7. Klein Forest, 10-3; 8. Houston Sam Houston, 11-1; 9. Katy Tompkins, 13-3; 10. Allen, 12-2; 11. DeSoto, 11-2; 12. Aldine Eisenhower, 11-2; 13. North Crowley, 11-2; 14. Fort Bend Bush, 11-3; 15. Cibolo Steele, 13-0; 16. Dallas Jesuit, 10-1; 17. South Grand Prairie, 12-4; 18. Duncanville, 12-2; 19. Killeen Ellison, 14-2; 20. Lake Travis, 12-3; 21. Odessa Permian, 10-3; 22. Dickinson, 12-5; 23. Los Fresnos, 11-4; 24. Houston Clear Lake, 12-3; 25. Houston Lamar, 8-3.
Class 5A
1. Waxahachie, 10-2; 2. Mansfield Timberview, 12-2; 3. Justin Northwest, 11-3; 4. Austin LBJ, 8-2; 5. Port Arthur Memorial, 8-5; 6. Prosper, 12-1; 7. EP Burges, 12-1; 8. N. Richland Hills Birdville, 11-1; 9. Little Elm, 10-3; 10. Dallas Wilson, 3-2; 11. Sulphur Springs, 13-1; 12. Midlothian, 10-3; 13. Alvin Shadow Creek, 8-4; 14. Fort Bend Elkins, 11-9; 15. CC Veterans Memorial, 12-3; 16. SA Houston, 7-4; 17. Lancaster, 7-5; 18. FW Trimble Tech, 8-4; 19. Houston Madison, 6-5; 20. Beaumont Central, 5-5; 21. Fort Bend Marshall, 10-4; 22. Beaumont Ozen, 6-5; 23. Dallas South Oak Cliff, 7-5; 24. Bryan Rudder, 8-4; 25. Dallas Kimball, 7-5.
Class 4A
1. Silsbee, 7-5; 2. Houston Yates, 7-1; 3. Seminole, 7-4; 4. Dallas Carter, 11-1; 5. Center, 12-1; 6. Wilmer Hutchins, 7-4; 7. Argyle, 12-2; 8. Abilene Wylie, 13-1; 9. Midlothian Heritage, 13-3; 10. Waxahachie Life, 14-3; 11. Waco Connally, 9-4; 12. Dallas Roosevelt, 12-3; 13. Dallas Lincoln, 5-6; 14. CC West Oso, 6-4; 15. Freeport Brazosport, 7-4; 16. WF Hirschi, 5-3; 17. Lubbock Estacado, 7-3; 18. Boerne, 11-4; 19. Houston North Forest, 5-5; 20. Sour Lake Hardin Jefferson, 14-4; 21. Princeton, 12-0; 22. Athens, 10-1; 23. Mexia, 9-1; 24. Decatur, 7-3; 25. Kennedale, 7-6.
Class 3A
1. Jarrell, 12-0; 2. Brock, 15-1; 3. Bowie, 7-4; 4. SA Cole, 15-0; 5. East Chambers, 7-0; 6. Schulenburg, 10-2; 7. Peaster, 7-3; 8. Palestine Westwood, 14-1; 9. Ponder, 12-3; 10. Dallas Madison, 3-10; 11. La Marque, 7-5; 12. Nocona, 7-2; 13. Wall, 8-1; 14. Van Vleck, 2-1; 15. Mount Vernon, 10-0; 16. Kountze, 8-4; 17. Nacogdoches Central Heights, 12-4; 18. Teague, 0-0; 19. Pollok Central, 11-6; 20. Van Alstyne, 8-5; 21. Commerce, 4-3; 22. Canadian, 3-3; 23. Edgewood, 8-1; 24. Pottsboro, 10-2; 25. Santa Rosa, 2-8.
Class 2A
1. Tenaha, 0-0; 2. Thorndale, 9-2; 3. Martins Mill, 9-1; 4. Big Sandy, 8-1; 5. San Augustine, 0-0; 6. Cushing, 11-1; 7. Stinnett West Texas, 12-1; 8. Muenster, 0-0; 9. Lufkin Pineywoods, 8-2; 10. Grapeland, 5-1; 11. Dallardsville Big Sandy, 11-4; 12. Kerens, 6-4; 13. Port Aransas, 9-7; 14. Neches, 7-6; 15. Snook, 9-3; 16. Clarksville, 3-2; 17. Celeste, 9-2; 18. Albany, 0-0; 19. Forsan, 7-1; 20. Broaddus, 10-5; 21. Shelbyville, 9-2; 22. Sanford Fritch, 7-2; 23. SA Lee Academy, 9-0; 24. Mumford, 8-4; 25. Clarendon, 0-0.
Class 1A
1. Lipan, 12-1; 2. Nazareth, 7-2; 3. Laneville, 10-4; 4. Borden County, 0-0; 5. Milford, 0-0; 6. New Home, 12-1; 7. Texline, 8-3; 8. Slidell, 8-4; 9. Graford, 6-4; 10. Slocum, 11-3; 11. Dime Box, 7-4; 12. Moulton, 10-1; 13. Meadow, 7-2; 14. Calvert, 1-3; 15. Turkey Valley, 0-0; 16. Happy, 0-0; 17. Shamrock, 6-2; 18. Lenorah Grady, 6-3; 19. Imperial Buena Vista, 3-2; 20. Yantis, 12-2; 21. May, 0-3; 22. Eula, 12-3; 23. Coolidge, 6-2; 24. Lingleville, 5-2; 25. Leggett, 16-1.
BOYS PRIVATE
TAPPS 6A/SPC
1. Dallas Bishop Lynch, 18-2; 2. Tomball Condoria, 22-1; 3. Houston Christian, 11-3; 4. Plano Prestonwood, 6-4; 5. FW Nolan, 8-1; 6. SA Antonian, 15-4; 7. SA Central Catholic, 11-5; 8. Houston Bellaire Episcopal, 11-3; 9. Houston Kincaid, 7-6; 10. Houston St. Pius X, 10-6.
TAPPS 5A 1. Houston 2nd Baptist, 17-5; 2. Cedar Hill Trinity Chr., 10-4; 3. Tyler All Saints Episcopal, 11-0; 4. Houston Westbury Christian 6-10 5. Bullard Brook Hill, 7-3; 6. SA St. Mary's Hall, 9-4; 7. SA Cornerstone, 8-4; 8. CC St. John Paul II, 16-4; 9. FW Southwest Christian, 9-4; 10. Austin Regents, 8-6.
TAPPS 4A
1. Arlington Grace Prep, 13-4; 2. Colleyville Covenant, 6-9; 3. Lubbock Trinity 7-13 4. The Woodlands Christian, 8-8; 5. Waco Reicher, 11-7; 6. Midland Trinity, 7-2; 7. Austin Texas School for Deaf, 9-2; 8. Dallas Shelton, 4-5; 9. Arlington Pantego, 5-5; 10. Waco Vanguard, 2-5.
Class 3A
1. Dallas Yavneh, 14-0; 2. Dallas Covenant, 9-1; 3. Willow Park Trinity, 9-1; 4. Kerrville Our Lady of the Hills, 9-3; 5. Spring Frassati, 7-4; 6. SA St. Gerard, 7-1; 7. SA Lutheran, 7-7; 8. Irving The Highlands, 6-4; 9. Beaumont Legacy, 3-7; 10. Abilene Christian, 8-4.
Class 2A
1. Huntsville Alpha Omega, 13-0; 2. Sherman Texoma, 9-2; 3. Conroe Covenant, 11-1; 4. Houston Beren, 10-2; 5. Lubbock All-Saints Episcopal, 4-0; 6. Spring Providence Classical, 11-5; 7. New Braunfels Christian, 8-4; 8. Garland Christian, 6-2; 9. Shiner St. Paul, 6-1; 10. Red Oak Ovilla Christian, 7-5.
Class 1A
1. Granbury North Central Texas, 14-2; 2. SA Legacy, 14-1; 3. Lubbock Kingdom, 9-3; 4. SA Gateway, 13-5; 5. Spring Founders Christian, 7-4; 6. Houston Family Christian, 5-2; 7. Longview Trinity, 6-2; 8. Longview Christian, 5-5; 9. Athens Christian, 5-4; 10. Irving Faustina, 5-0.
___
GIRLS PUBLIC
Class 6A
1. Duncanville, 17-1; 2. Plano, 14-2; 3. Cibolo Steele, 18-3; 4. DeSoto, 13-0; 5. Converse Judson, 14-3; 6. Cypress Ranch, 15-2; 7. Houston Jersey Village, 13-1; 8. Copperas Cove, 15-2; 9. Richardson, 15-2; 10. Round Rock Cedar Ridge, 19-2; 11. SA East Central, 15-2; 12. Cedar Hill, 13-4; 13. Austin Westlake, 13-5; 14. South Grand Prairie, 12-4; 15. Killeen Ellison, 10-5; 16. Waco Midway, 13-3; 17. Pflugerville, 15-3; 18. SA Lee, 10-3; 19. Cypress Creek, 15-1; 20. Dallas Skyline, 11-6; 21. Round Rock Westwood, 12-3; 22. Rockwall, 10-4; 23. Austin Vandegrift, 13-6; 24. Langham Creek, 15-5; 25. Keller Timber Creek, 14-1.
Class 5A
1. Canyon, 10-0; 2. Mansfield Timberview, 15-2; 3. Barbers Hill, 16-2; 4. Amarillo, 16-0; 5. Prosper, 13-1; 6. Frisco Lone Star, 14-2; 7. N. Richland Hills Birdville, 10-4; 8. Temple, 13-3; 9. Houston Madison, 9-2; 10. Sulphur Springs, 10-2; 11. Leander Rouse, 13-4; 12. Wylie East, 11-3; 13. Denison, 14-3; 14. Crosby, 13-4; 15. Cedar Park, 12-5; 16. Lucas Lovejoy, 11-4; 17. Saginaw Boswell, 14-3; 18. Austin High, 13-4; 19. CC Flour Bluff, 13-3; 20. Aledo, 13-1; 21. Grapevine, 12-2; 22. Everman, 14-2; 23. SA Houston, 11-3; 24. Kerrville Tivy, 11-4; 25. Frisco Centennial, 12-4.
Class 4A
1. Liberty Hill, 15-2; 2. Levelland, 16-0; 3. Houston Wheatley, 13-1; 4. Navasota, 16-0; 5. Argyle, 13-3; 6. Dallas Lincoln, 13-2; 7. Denver City, 9-4; 8. Brownwood, 14-2; 9. Stephenville, 8-4; 10. Glen Rose, 13-1; 11. Canton, 14-3; 12. Bushland, 10-3; 13. Gilmer, 12-4; 14. Tatum, 12-3; 15. Midlothian Heritage, 16-1; 16. Bullard, 17-4; 17. Abilene Wylie, 12-3; 18. SA Veterans Memorial, 14-4; 19. Melissa, 16-3; 20. Geronimo Navarro, 13-4; 21. Waco Connally, 15-2; 22. Lorena, 7-3; 23. La Vernia, 16-2; 24. Fischer Canyon Lake, 15-3; 25. Sour Lake Hardin-Jefferson, 14-3.
Class 3A
1. Canadian, 10-3; 2. Little River Academy, 9-1; 3. Mount Pleasant Chapel Hill, 16-1; 4. Sunnyvale, 14-1; 5. Wall, 8-4; 6. Idalou, 11-3; 7. Winnsboro, 12-7; 8. Tuscola Jim Ned, 10-5; 9. Pottsboro, 12-3; 10. Leonard, 12-2; 11. Teague, 11-2; 12. Odem, 13-4; 13. Mount Vernon, 10-5; 14. Spearman, 12-3; 15. Vanderbilt Industrial, 13-3; 16. Cisco, 13-2; 17. Hitchcock, 9-5; 18. Woodville, 15-4; 19. Brock, 12-6; 20. Hallettsville, 11-3; 21. Boling, 10-2; 22. Nocona, 12-2; 23. Schulenburg, 14-2; 24. Grandview, 8-6; 25. Poth, 8-2.
Class 2A
1. Martins Mill, 16-1; 2. Woden, 18-1; 3. La Rue La Poynor, 13-1; 4. Panhandle, 12-1; 5. Windthorst, 12-1; 6. Stratford, 9-4; 7. Grapeland, 12-4; 8. Hico, 15-1; 9. Tenaha, 13-3; 10. Claude, 12-3; 11. Era, 13-1; 12. Wellington, 12-3; 13. Timpson, 15-0; 14. Archer City, 14-4; 15. Lovelady, 15-4; 16. Haskell, 14-1; 17. Seymour, 12-3; 18. Centerville, 14-2; 19. Campbell, 14-5; 20. San Saba, 12-4; 21. Vega, 14-1; 22. Snook, 10-1; 23. Harper, 12-4; 24. Weimar, 8-5; 25. Mason, 12-6.
Class 1A
1. Nazareth, 12-2; 2. Dodd City, 14-0; 3. Garden City, 16-1; 4. Moulton, 13-3; 5. Barksdale Nueces Canyon, 9-1; 6. Huckabay, 12-3; 7. Ropesville, 10-0; 8. McMullen County, 10-0; 9. Eula, 11-5; 10. Leakey, 10-3; 11. Ira, 10-4; 12. Jayton, 12-3; 13. Roby, 10-3; 14. Spur, 12-4; 15. Westbrook, 7-3; 16. Robert Lee, 9-1; 17. May, 8-2; 18. Hermleigh, 9-4; 19. Happy, 9-4; 20. Rankin, 14-4; 21. Higgins, 10-1; 22. New Home, 14-4; 23. Jonesboro, 13-2; 24. Iredell, 7-1; 25. Cumby Miller Grove, 8-2.
GIRLS PRIVATE
TAPPS 6A/SPC
1. Houston Kinkaid, 10-1; 2. Dallas Bishop Lynch, 8-4; 3. Houston Christian, 13-2; 4. Plano Prestonwood, 9-5; 5. Dallas Parish Episcopal, 10-1; 6. Houston St. Agnes, 11-5; 7. Argyle Liberty, 14-1; 8. Tomball Concordia, 9-2; 9. SA Incarnate Word, 5-3; 10. Houston The Village, 10-1.
TAPPS 5A
1. Mesquite Dallas Christian, 8-2; 2. SA Christian, 13-7; 3. CC IWA, 7-4; 4. Austin St. Michael's, 12-3; 5. Midland Christian, 8-2; 6. Cedar Hill Trinity, 9-4; 7. Tyler Grace Community, 6-3; 8. Houston Second Baptist, 9-5; 9. Tyler All Saints Episcopal, 7-2; 10. CC John Paul II, 11-4.
TAPPS 4A
1. Houston Lutheran North, 5-5; 2. Austin Brentwood, 10-5; 3. Lubbock Trinity, 6-10; 4. Marble Falls Faith, 10-4; 5. FW Lake Country, 11-5; 6. Austin Texas for Deaf, 6-4; 7. Arlington Pantego, 3-1; 8. Dallas Shelton, 9-2; 9. Flower Mound Coram Deo, 9-2; 10. Lubbock Christian, 10-4.
Class 3A
1. Beaumont Legacy, 10-5; 2. SA Castle Hills, 11-2; 3. Temple Central Texas, 10-4; 4. Midland Classical, 6-2; 5. SA Lutheran, 7-3; 6. Spring Frassati, 8-3; 7. Arlington Burton Adventist, 7-4; 8. Denton Calvary, 6-6; 9. Tomball Rosehill, 5-5; 10. Mission Juan Diego, 8-3.
Class 2A
1. Austin Waldorf, 9-1; 2. Shiner St. Paul, 8-3; 3. Lubbock All-Saints, 6-3; 4. Red Oak Ovilla, 5-1; 5. The Woodlands Legacy, 8-2; 6. Muenster Sacred Heart, 4-6; 7. New Braunfels Christian, 6-6; 8. Bryan St. Joseph, 6-7; 9. Tyler East Texas, 4-4; 10. Sherman Texoma, 2-7.
Class 1A
1. Lubbock Kingdom, 9-3; 2. Edinburg Harvest, 8-3; 3. Houston Southwest Christian, 6-2; 4. SA Legacy, 7-3; 5. San Angelo Cornerstone, 5-2; 6. WF Notre Dame, 9-5; 7. DeSoto Canterbury, 4-4; 8. Waxahachie Prep, 7-1; 9. Longview Trinity, 5-7; 10. Alamo Macedonian, 3-3.
Local Residents Weigh In On Virginia Shooting
by Jalea Brooks
Lots of people are reacting to the Wednesday morning shooting in Alexandria, Virginia, including people in the river region.
Montgomery resident Peter Delano says “my heart goes out to them it really do I mean they were out there for a fun day and it turned into a horrible day”. Carlos Valdez adds “people should not have to worry about playing baseball and worrying about their life”.
Other like Steven Charles weighed in on the early morning nightmare. They comment “this isn't the nation that I remember growing up… I don't remember stuff like that”.
Residents say they're praying for all 5 victims that were struck after a gunman opened fire on Republican members of the congressional baseball team. Carlos Valdez sends their well wishes to Steve Scalise, the majority whip of the House of Representatives saying “no matter what your political affiliation no matter what your religion is this is a human being's life they breathe air and has the same color of blood as we too and so we need to come together and pray for him”.
Wednesday morning, Nancy Pelosi spoke in front of their colleagues and called for unity. They explained “we will use this occasion as one that brings us together and not separates us further”.
Pelosi's message is one that many residents echoed. “I think we should be able to get along as brothers and sisters, and patriots that way” says Charles. Delano adds “One nation… we should be together.”
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Edina senior Sammy Walker is the Minnesota Associated Press Player of the Year award winner for high school boys hockey.
Walker totaled 33 goals and 41 assists in 30 games this season for the Hornets, who lost to Duluth East in the Class 2A semifinals. Walker, who has committed to play in college for Minnesota, helped lead Edina to a 27-3 record.
The AP all-state team was announced Monday in partnership with the Minnesota Hockey Coaches Association and the State of Hockey, the Minnesota Wild-backed booster organization.
Joining Walker on the first team were Duluth East senior forward Garrett Worth, Elk River junior forward Jack Perbix, Duluth East senior defenseman Luke LaMaster, Edina junior defenseman Ben Brinkman, and St. Thomas Academy senior goalie Atticus Kelly.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump leveled dire warnings at Iran and signaled an interest in an unspecified new deal to rein in Tehran, echoing a suggestion from French President Emmanuel Macron after the two leaders met Tuesday at the White House.
Comments following talks between the two left open the possibility that Trump would withdraw from the landmark 2015 Iran nuclear agreement by a self-imposed May 12 deadline, as they have continuously threatened to do. Trump telegraphed that possibility again Tuesday, disparaging the deal as “insane” and “ridiculous,” despite Macron's attempts to reassure their American counterpart about its value as a safeguard.
Macron said a broader pact would include limits on Iranian actions in Syria and on its ballistic-missile program. But Iran is certain to reject such a proposal, Russia and China are likely to oppose it, and it was unclear whether other European allies would be in favor because they likely don't want to renegotiate the accord.
Trump and Macron, increasingly affable despite differences over the Iran deal, held meetings in the West Wing to discuss unrest in the Middle East, nuclear proliferation and global trade issues, in what is Trump's first state visit by a foreign leader.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Amazon to start offering in-car deliveries.
How to dress like a billionaire.
JERUSALEM: Israeli aircraft hit a Hamas compound in the southern Gaza Strip on Saturday, after Palestinians there fired a rocket into the Jewish state, the Israeli army said.“In response to the projectile fired at southern Israel...fighter jets struck a Hamas compound composed of two military structures,” the army statement said.There were no reports of casualties on either side.It was the second exchange in 24 hours, after the air force hit a Hamas position in Gaza early Friday in response to a rocket being fired from the Palestinian enclave the night before.Such rockets are usually fired not by Hamas, the Islamist group that controls the territory, but by fringe radical groups.Israel holds Hamas, with which it has fought three wars since 2008, responsible for any fire coming from Gaza.
Summer is winding down, and that means for many of us, fall is in the air! Today on Indy Style, Registered Dietitian Annessa Chumbley shares their recipes for Homemade Peach-Raspberry Tea, One-Pan Chicken with Cider Mustard Sauce and Pumpkin Pie Pancakes! (vegan and gluten-free!!)
Homemade Peach-Raspberry Iced Tea
6 fresh ripe peaches, sliced & pit removed
6 Lipton™ 100% natural tea bags
2 tablespoons 100% pure maple syrup, optional
16 ounces raspberries, frozen
Mint leaves
In a medium saucepan, add 4 of the sliced peaches to 5 cups fresh water. Pour in maple syrup if using. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer for 5-6 minutes. Turn off heat, and add tea bags. Gently mash peaches with a fork against the opposite side of the pan from the teabags. Let tea & peaches steep 8 – 10 minutes. Strain the peach mixture into a clear pitcher. Fill pitcher with ice, frozen raspberries, the rest of the sliced peaches and a sprig of mint. Serve!
Serves: 4-6
Prep time: 10 minutes
Total time: 20 minutes
One-Pan Fall Chicken with Cider Mustard Sauce
1 lb organic boneless skinless chicken breast
16 ounces Brussel sprouts, sliced in half
1 sweet potato, quartered and sliced
3 organic Gala apples
2 cloves garlic, grated
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
Cider Mustard Sauce
1/4 cup Hellmann's® Organic Mayonnaise
1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard
1 teaspoon raw apple cider vinegar
1/2 teaspoon caraway seeds
1/4 teaspoon kosher salt
2 tablespoons water
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Slice 2 apples horizontally into 8 rounds. On a baking sheet lined with parchment paper, add 4 apple slices to the middle of the pan. Lay chicken breast on top of the apples. Spread 1 clove of grated garlic over the chicken breast and sprinkle with salt. Lay the other slices of apple on top of the chicken breast. Spread Brussel sprouts, sweet potatoes on the pan around the chicken. Slice the final apple into wedges, and add it to the baking sheet. Toss the vegetables with olive oil and salt. Arrange the vegetables so that they are in a single layer around the chicken. Bake for 40 minutes, until vegetables are fork-tender, and chicken is cooked through. While chicken is baking, make Cider Mustard Sauce: combine all ingredients into a small bowl and stir. Add just enough water to thin it out so sauce can be drizzled on top of chicken. Remove One-Pan Chicken to a serving plate, with vegetables all around. Drizzle sauce on top of chicken or serve it on the side. Enjoy!
Serves: 2-4
Prep time: 10 minutes
Total time: 50 minutes
Vegan Pumpkin Pie Pancakes
1 1/2 cup nut milk (such as unsweetened almond, cashew or coconut)
1/2 cup canned pure pumpkin
2 cups oats
2 tablespoons baking powder
2 tablespoons I Can't Believe It's Not Butter® Vegan!
1 tablespoon pumpkin pie spice
1 tablespoon 100% pure maple syrup
Optional Pumpkin Pie Crumble Topping:
1/4 cup oats
1/4 cup chopped pecans
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
4 dates, chopped
1 teaspoon I Can't Believe It's Not Butter® Vegan!
Optional Pumpkin Pie Syrup:
1/2 cup 100% pure maple syrup
2 tablespoons pure pumpkin
1/2 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice
In a high-powered blender, add each pancake ingredient in order. Blend for 15-20 seconds until batter is smooth. Heat a pancake griddle to medium-high, and spray with nonstick cooking spray. Pour batter by 1/4 – 1/3 cupfuls. Let cook 3-4 minutes per side. You'll know it's time to flip them when small bubbles make their way to the middle of the partly-cooked pancake. While pancakes are cooking, make topping: place 1/4 cup oats, pecans, and cinnamon on a baking sheet. Bake at 425º for 5 minutes, until light brown. Remove and sprinkle dates and vegan spread on baking sheet, mixing all ingredients around with a fork. To make pumpkin pie syrup, warm maple syrup in a sauce pan. Stir in pumpkin and spice. Pour into a serving vessel. Serve pancakes with topping and syrup beside. Enjoy your fall breakfast!
Makes: 12 – 14 pancakes
Prep time: 10 minutes
Total time: 25 minutes
To learn more, visit:
www.annessard.com
Facebook: @AnnessaChumbleyRD
Twitter: @AnnessaRD
Instagram: @AnnessaRD
SEGMENT IS SPONSORED BY ANNESSA CHUMBLEY
SOMERSET, NJ--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - MTBC ( NASDAQ : MTBC) ( NASDAQ : MTBCP), a leading provider of proprietary mHealth and cloud-based healthcare IT solutions, today pre-released selected preliminary, unaudited financial information for the three months ended March 31, 2017, and reaffirmed full year 2017 guidance.
MTBC expects its first quarter revenue to be approximately $8.2 million, which represents approximately 60% year-over-year revenue growth. Moreover, MTBC's GAAP net loss and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA loss significantly improved in the first quarter of 2017 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2016. These financial results include the MediGain acquisition and are preliminary and subject to revision until the Company reports its first quarter results on May 10, 2017.
Mahmud Haq, Chairman and CEO of MTBC, said, "We are pleased to announce 60% revenue growth over the first quarter of 2016 and that we're on track for full year 2017 revenue of more than $30 million and full year 2017 adjusted EBITDA of $2.0 to $2.5 million." They continued, "Our organic sales initiatives are adding to the growth momentum from our 2016 acquisitions and we're also experiencing significant improvements in our margins as a result of the successful integration of our acquisitions."
MTBC guidance is summarized in the following table:
For the Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2017
Forward Looking Guidance Revenue $30 - $31 million Adjusted EBITDA $2.0 - $2.5 million
About MTBC
Medical Transcription Billing, Corp. (MTBC) is a healthcare information technology company that provides a fully integrated suite of proprietary web-based solutions, together with related business services, to healthcare providers practicing in a variety of practice sizes and settings. Our integrated Software-as-a-Service (or SaaS) platform helps our customers increase revenues, streamline workflows and make better business and clinical decisions, while reducing administrative burdens and operating costs. MTBC's common stock trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the ticker symbol "MTBC," and its Series A Preferred Stock trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the ticker symbol "MTBCP."
For additional information, please visit our website at www.mtbc.com.
Follow MTBC on TWITTER, LINKEDIN and FACEBOOK.
Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
In our earnings releases, prepared remarks, conference calls, slide presentations, and webcasts, we may use or discuss non-GAAP financial measures, as defined by SEC Regulation G. The GAAP financial measure most directly comparable to each non-GAAP financial measure used or discussed, and a reconciliation of the differences between each non-GAAP financial measure and the comparable GAAP financial measure, are included in this press release after the condensed consolidated financial statements. Our earnings press releases containing such non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in the Investor Relations section of our web site at ir.mtbc.com.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains various forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements relate to anticipated future events, future results of operations or future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as "may," "might," "will," "should," "intends," "expects," "plans," "goals," "projects," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," "potential," or "continue" or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology.
Our operations involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside our control, and any one of which, or a combination of which, could materially affect our results of operations and whether the forward-looking statements ultimately prove to be correct. Forward-looking statements in this press release include, without limitation, statements reflecting management's expectations for future financial performance and operating expenditures, expected growth, profitability and business outlook, increased sales and marketing expenses, and the expected results from the integration of our acquisitions.
These forward-looking statements are only predictions, are uncertain and involve substantial known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our (or our industry's) actual results, levels of activity or performance to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity or performance expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of the risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements, including without limitation, risks and uncertainties relating to: the Company's ability to manage growth; integrate acquisitions; effectively migrate and keep newly acquired customers and other important risks and uncertainties referenced and discussed under the heading titled "Risk Factors" in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The statements in this press release are made as of the date of this press release, even if subsequently made available by the Company on its website or otherwise. The Company does not assume any obligations to update the forward-looking statements provided to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made.
SOURCE MTBC
Actor Katrina Kaif feels it's extremely important for people to empower women around them and says they now try to actively support and encourage them contemporaries.
Katrina says a lot of things start with mindset change and "we need to think what we are doing for women around us".
"Recently, I've become more aware of this, even subconsciously, do we really support our contemporaries- in whatever industry you're in? I try to support women who are around me as much as I can in my work space. Sometimes a competitive mindset can actually stop you from doing that," Katrina told reporters here.
The "Tiger Zinda Hai" actor says they try to do whatever they can within their capacity.
"Am I lifting up the women around me, am I doing what I can to support, encourage or to help them grow? Rather than just see what they can do for me, I do whatever I can to encourage them to better in their profession."
Katrina was speaking at an event of Educate Girls, of which they are the brand ambassador.
When asked about the perception that actors, especially female stars, don't have an opinion on important things, Katrina said people have an opinion but there is no compulsion that one has to always make a comment.
"I have seen it myself that when you talk about politics, matters regarding government, a lot of actors, because they are not in politics, don't feel the need to comment.
"There's a big difference between having an opinion at your home, and speaking about it on a public platform, or having an opinion about a social cause like this."
Katrina said if one does not want to talk about a certain topic, it does not mean that they are not aware of it.
"I can't speak about everyone because there are different situations and everyone is different. But many times, I don't feel like taking about a topic. It doesn't mean I don't have an opinion on it but maybe it is not the right time and place to talk about it.
Credits - PTI
Sierra Leone Telegraph: 3 February 2018
Dr. Kandeh Yumkella has won an appeal filed by the ruling APC at the head office of the country's National Electoral Commission (NEC) in Freetown, against the ruling of the Kambia District NEC Office to throw out an objection brought by the party's candidate in Kambia to disqualify Dr Yumkella from contesting the 2018 elections.
The objection filed by Mr. Sankoh – the ruling APC candidate for the Kambia Constituency 62, claimed that:
“Dr. Kandeh Kolleh Yumkella with voter identification card number 2282101 is a dual citizen of the Republic of Sierra Leone and the United States of America in violation of section 76(1a) of the Constitution of Sierra Leone Act No 6 of 1991 and the Public Elections (Act No 4) of 2012……….“Dr. Kandeh Kolleh Yumkella with voter identification card number 2282101 said openly on the 18th Day of January 2018 in a Press Conference that they hold a dual citizenship and that they have renounced same.”
But the District Returning Officer – Mr Umaru Fomba ruled on the 24th of January 2018 that: “Having looked at the objection before me and with reference to both sections 76 (1a) and 63 (Act No.4) of the 1991 Constitution of Sierra Leone and the Public Elections Act of 2012 respectively, I have considered the explanations submitted in support of the objection and I have concluded that the evidence is insufficient to reverse the provisional nomination of Yumkella Kandeh Kolleh.”
But dissatisfied with that ruling, the ruling APC then decided to make an appeal at the NEC Office in Freetown. And it has once again lost its efforts to have Dr Yumkella kicked out of the 2018 elections.
On the 29th of January 2018, NEC officials in Freetown ruled that they see no material difference in the evidence submitted by the APC in Kambia to that which was submitted in its appeal in Freetown, and that therefore Dr Yumkella cannot be excluded from the 2018 elections.
This is Dr Yumkella speaking on AYV TV about this latest NEC ruling and other issues regarding the NGC party and the forthcoming elections:
You can read the Freetown ruling below:
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
AUGUSTA, Maine — Maine police say they used naloxone to help revive a man who crashed their car into a utility pole while overdosing on heroin.
Police say 31-year-old Jess Legendre drove into a pole and then ended up in a ditch on Saturday in Manchester, Maine. Legendre became unresponsive shortly after the crash, prompting officers to use the overdose reversal medication.
The Kennebec Journal reports that Legendre was hospitalized after the crash, and medical staff says they had to administer a second dose of naloxone.
Legendre, who remained jailed Tuesday, is charged with operating after habitual offender revocation and falsifying physical evidence. It's unclear if they have an attorney.
Sept. 23: American Highway
Music from the Heartland will take you on a journey — a real road trip — through the best of Americana roots and country-style music like what you hear on radio stations across America. Leave Minnesota with this musical wonder and head to Florida, back to New York and across the country to LA. We're talking about music from Johnny Cash, Chris Stapleton, John Denver, Bonnie Raitt, Hank Williams, Willie Nelson, Lynyrd Skynyrd and many more!
As you travel through the country during this show, you will also hear new music from band members and Nashville recording artists Chad Johnson and Jason Paulson. Together with a 5-piece band and narration from some of the country's top disc jockeys, the guys are ready to bring you on a memorable road trip with music from the Heartland. For more information, please visit www.jasonpaulsonband.com/american-highway.
Oct. 14: Redhead Express
This four-sister folk/country/Americana group is part of a remarkable family of musicians from Palmer, Alaska, who migrated south to Tennessee. Sharing exquisite harmonies, thought-provoking lyrics, and sisterly interaction, Kendra, LaRae, Alisa and Meghan Walker captivate audiences with authenticity, passion and heart. The music of the Redhead Express takes you back to your roots in a way that feels fresh and new. For more information, please visit www.redheadexpress.com.
Nov. 4: Continental Ballet's 'Cinderella'
Cinderella and their prince make a heart-warming dream come true, in spite of their humorous stepfamily. Continental Ballet's founder/director Riet Velthusien created this arrangement of the music originally composed by Rossini.
The ballet tells the traditional story of Cinderella, complete with fairies and a handsome prince. Cinderella is not invited to the ball, but through their kindness to a stranger, magical events happen that allow them to attend the ball and meet their prince. With exquisite dancing, as well as beautiful costumes and sets, this ballet is a delight for all ages. For more information, please visit www.continentalballet.com.
Dec. 2: Sinatra & Company's 'That Holiday Feeling'
"That Holiday Feeling" by Sinatra & Company is a fun-filled variety holiday show featuring the talents of award-winning vocalist Tim Patrick, accomplished singer and producer Colleen Raye and top-notch big-band vocalist Debbie O'Keefe. Each brings their own brand of talent and charisma to the stage. You'll hear wonderful renditions of your holiday favorites put to music by musical director Todd Matheson and the 10-piece Blue Eyes Band.
"That Holiday Feeling" features songs from the Andy Williams Collection ("Happy Holiday," "Most Wonderful Time of the Year"), Karen Carpenter ("Merry Christmas, Darling"), Bing Crosby and The Andrews Sisters ("Jingle Bells") and Nat King Cole ("The Christmas Song"). You'll also enjoy sing-alongs, audience participation and rousing versions of classic holiday tunes like "Joy to the World," "Ring Those Christmas Bells," "O Holy Night," "The Little Drummer Boy" (as done by The Temptations) and more!
This good-natured group of singers and musicians makes everyone feel at home the minute the show starts. And you're sure to go home with "That Holiday Feeling" in your heart! For more information, please visit www.colleenraye.com.
Jan. 13: Bob and the Beachcombers
This all-ages family-fun show features the super surfing hits of the '60s, along with some of the classic rock-n-roll of the '50s and popular favorites from the '70s and '80s as well. But it's not just the music — it's so much more...
Bob & the Beachcombers bring the beach balls, the Hawaiian leis, the Hula Hoops and a fun beach-party attitude to guarantee a special summertime celebration, even in the middle of a Northern Minnesota January! For more information, please visit bobandthebeachcombers.com.
Feb. 10: Ginstrings
A five-member string band from Minnesota that originally was formed as a traditional bluegrass group, but now has expanded beyond that scope. Containing members from diverse musical backgrounds, rich warm harmonies accompany their tasteful melodies and imaginative rhythms. Ginstrings composes original music that all listeners will enjoy. Their intriguing tunes and passionate performance are sure to resonate with your soul. For more information, please visit ginstrings.com.
March 10: Kordal Kombat
Kordal Kombat is a young a cappella barbershop quartet based out of central Minnesota. In 2013, they won both the Land O' Lakes Novice Quartet championship and the festival's District Quartet championship — making history for doing so in the same year. The guys of Kordal Kombat will deliver a fun, high-energy performance, with a variety of great music and lots of laughs for all ages.
This award-winning group has opened for a Top Hat favorite, a cappella group Tonic Sol Fa, and performs styles from doo-wop to Motown to traditional and modern barbershop repertoire. These young men are an unstoppable wave of musical energy. For more information, please visit www.kordalkombat.com.
May 11: Deuces Wild
Dave Eichholz and Ted Manderfeld bring their extraordinary talents together as Deuces Wild Dueling Pianos — a piano variety act offering a Las Vegas-style mix of musical comedy. For over 15 years they have traveled coast to coast in the United States as the most sought-after dueling piano act in the country.
From classic rock, to country, to rap and pop, they do it all, and they do it hilariously well! Clap along, laugh along and sing along with Dave and Ted, Deuces Wild! For more information, please visit www.wildpianos.com.
Season tickets are $75 per person for all performances. Family tickets are an excellent value at $160, which includes admission to all season shows for two adults and two students. Individual tickets at the door will be $15 for adults and $10 for students, so buy your season tickets today!
All shows start at 7:30 p.m., with doors opening at 6:30 p.m. Pick up a complete season brochure at the school or check Top Hat's website at: https://www.thetophattheatre.com.
San Diego police's pursuit of a wanted shooting suspect ended in City Heights when the suspect crashed into a fence at Central Elementary School.
San Diego police's pursuit of a wanted shooting suspect ended in City Heights when the suspect crashed into fences at Central Elementary School and a local fire station.
The pursuit first began in the 3100 block of Fairmont Avenue in City Heights around 12:30 p.m. Sunday when police attempted to pull over a person matching the description of a person wanted for a shooting.
The suspect fled from officers, prompting a pursuit.
The pursuit eventually came to an end when the suspect crashed into a school fence at Central Elementary School, leaving their two main gates damaged.
The driver ran through the fence and then through San Diego Fire-Rescue 17's fence. The fence got stuck in the suspect's car wheel.
The suspect got out of the car -- armed with a gun -- and started to run off, police said. They were arrested a block away, near 41st Street and University Avenue, right off Interstate 15.
No further information was available.
The Vancouver Island Marmot Recovery Foundation is prepping for a busy spring.
Executive Director Adam Taylor says they are expecting to see the marmots beginning to come out of hibernation in the next month.
They say the foundation is putting in a lot work to get ready.
“We're trying to get all of our feeders ready, so that as soon as the snow conditions allow us to, we can get feeders up into the mountains. Those…should help them reproduce even more.” They add that it will be a really busy summer.
Taylor says they're also preparing a facility to house marmots arriving from the Calgary and Toronto Zoos, which will be released into the wild this summer.
Up And Coming International Vacation SpotsThings change fast in the international world of travel. From time to time, there are fairly untouched gems, like Mozambique 15 years ago or Cuba 10 years ago. For very different reasons, Germany, Argentina, the Philippines, and Madagascar are destinations to consider or re-consider for your up-and-coming vacation bucket list.
Wander Minnesota: The Science of PixarThe Science of Pixar at the Science Museum of Minnesota will thrill fans (of all ages) of the legendary animation studio.
Top 5 Vacations For People Who Don't Like Big CitiesGet away from big city life by taking your vacation in five of the best small towns in America
America's 5 Best Rivers For Fly FishingAn introduction to five of America's best fly fishing rivers
Momentum continues to work againstSnap, Inc.(NYSE: SNAP)these days. Shares of Snapchat's parent company slipped another 3% last week, taking a hit after Facebook (NASDAQ: FB) announced a major milestone for its Instagram Stories platform.
Continue Reading Below
Snap stock continues to trade above its IPO price of $17, but the direction it's going isn't very encouraging for those long on the shares, which have now fallen for three consecutive weeks, shedding 11% of their value in that time. The shares soared in their first two days of trading, but they have gone on to decline in five of their first six full weeks of trading.
Not every bull is smarting, and we're not even talking about those who got in on the IPO. The stock still managed to close above $20 every day last week, something that wasn't the case back in mid-March when it closed in the teens for three straight trading days. However, it's clear that the trading trend is working against Snap these days.
Image source: Snap, Inc.
Snap it off
Last week's dagger was Facebook revealing that Instagram Stories — the Snapchat-like platform that Instagram rolled out last summer — has now surpassed 200 million daily active users. It's a pretty big feat for an offering that was launched less than a year ago, and now surpassing the 161 million daily active users for Snap.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Snapchat's growth was already starting to decelerate. It tacked on just 5 million more daily active users during the fourth quarter of last year, and that places a lot of pressure on it as it approaches its first quarterly report as a public company.
Snap announced last week that it will report fresh financial results onMay 10, after the market close. It's not going to catch up to Instagram, but investors will want to see how Snap is holding up as Facebook adds more Snapchat-like features to both Facebook and Instagram. Is the user base still growing at a decelerating pace? If that is the case, Snap better make sure that it's doing a better job of monetizing its sizable audience.
Analysts are all over the map. They are all bracing for another quarterly deficit. No one is expecting Snap to turn the corner of profitability anytime soon. However, Wall Street pros expect revenue to clock in as low as $125 million and as high as $195.9 million. It's a pretty wide range given the $55.3 million it scored as revenue a year earlier, representing growth of 126% to 254%. Whether it lands at the low end or grows more than twice that clip at the high end will dictate the stock's direction. Snap has been meandering lower since its initial IPO pop, and its first big test is now a few weeks away.
10 stocks we like better than Snap Inc.
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Snap Inc. wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Rick Munarriz has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Facebook. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
ST. JAMES, Minn. (AP) — The assistant police chief of the southern Minnesota city of St. James shot and killed a knife-wielding man at a convenience store after they and two other officers were unable to subdue them with Tasers, the state Bureau of Criminal Apprehension said.
Assistant Chief Rochelle Hanson fired the shots that killed 20-year-old Gilberto Salas, of Gaylord, the BCA said in a statement late Friday. The other officers involved were identified as State Trooper Jacob Ruppert and Sgt. Barry Gulden, of the Watonwan County Sheriff's Office.
According to the BCA, its preliminary investigation found that Salas was driving a vehicle that had been stolen in New Ulm when Nicollet County sheriff's deputies spotted it in Lafayette around 11:45 a.m. Wednesday. The BCA said they led officers from several agencies on a chase through Nicollet and Brown counties that reached speeds of 120 mph before they broke off the pursuit for safety reasons.
Officers spotted them around 1 p.m. in St. James, in Watonwan County, where they sped through residential neighborhoods at speeds estimated at 60 mph. After the vehicle became stuck a snowbank, the BCA said, Salas fled into Casey's General Store, leaving behind a female acquaintance who was not involved in the vehicle theft. The officers followed them inside.
Salas briefly shut themselves in an office after Gulden shot them with their Taser, but they emerged about two minutes later carrying a knife, the BCA said. They ignored officers' commands to drop the knife, it said. Ruppert and Hanson both shot them with their Tasers. Hanson then opened fire with their gun when Salas then advanced on them
Salas was pronounced dead at a St. James hospital of multiple gunshot wounds. BCA investigators recovered a knife from the floor next to where they fell, the statement said.
The store's surveillance cameras and Ruppert's Taser camera captured parts of the confrontation, but not the fatal shooting itself, the BCA said. The officers were not wearing body cameras and there is no squad car footage of the shooting, the agency said.
The assistant chief was treated and released for a minor injury to their left hand. All three officers were placed on standard administrative leave while the investigation continues.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl is expected to plead guilty soon to desertion and misbehavior before the enemy rather than face trial for leaving their Afghanistan post.
That's according to two individuals with knowledge of the case.
They tell The Associated Press that Bergdahl will submit the plea later this month and sentencing will start Oct. 23. The individuals weren't authorized to discuss the case and demanded anonymity.
The 31-year-old Bergdahl could face up to five years in prison on the desertion charge and a life sentence for misbehavior.
Bergdahl left their Afghanistan post in 2009 and was held captive by the Taliban for about five years. They were released in 2014 in a prisoner swap for five Taliban detainees, sparking an emotional debate about negotiating with hostage takers.
Nivin Pauly As Jude
Jude is definitely one of the toughest and versatile characters that Nivin Pauly has portrayed, so far. They have made the best use of the big opportunity that they got and has come up with a stellar performance as a person suffering from Asperger Syndrome. They make us laugh, think and move us emotionally. Their dialogue delivery is one of the high points of the movie and the consistency that they have shown is impressive.
Trisha As Crystal
Trisha has made a perfect entry to Mollywood with a role that really required an actor like them They get into the skin of the character Crystal and drives the film forward, at portions, with their stellar act. Even the lip sync was perfect and never felt like they are new to the language or Malayalam movies.
Siddique As Dominic Aldo Rodrigues
Siddique is one such actor who has the habit of taking each character that they portray to a different level. In Hey Jude, they play the role of Dominic Aldo Rodrigues, who has some peculiar characteristics. They come up with a superlative performance and at times, scores higher than others.
Aju Varghese As George Kurian
Aju Varghese plays the role of George Kurian. Its a short role in the movie, but they make their presence felt. It was indeed refreshing to see Nivin Pauly-Aju Varghese combo, which has worked out well, once again.
Rest Of The Cast
Popular actor Vijay Menon is seen in a different avatar in this film and Shyamaprasad has made the best use of the actor in them as they have put up a fine show as Sebastian. Similar is the case of Neena Kurup who has played them pretty well.
Director - Shyamaprasad
Shyamaprasad has tried out something new in the movie, especially in the first half, where they have tried their hands at comedy. The film-maker has won the big points and has come out successful. Nevertheless, Hey Jude has that Shyamaprasad touch and they take us through a wonderful ride through the lives of Jude and members surrounding him. They take their own time in narration, especially in the second half of the movie, which might not go down well with all, but the film demands such a narrative pattern. Above all, the film-maker in them has made ample use of the actors at their disposal and hence, the audiences will root for the characters.
Script
The story of the film is nothing new but still, the characters, mannerisms and surroundings are indeed fresh. The screenplay of the film has been layered surrounding these characters and the writers Nirmal Sahadev & George Kanatt have done a decent job. At the same time, the screenplay of the film in the second half does falter at portions, but that doesn't do any severe damage to the movie.
Other Departments
The soulful BGM spread throughout the movie is a big positive. Due credits to Ouseppachan for that. The songs by Ouseppachan and the additional songs by Gopi Sunder, Rahul Raj and M Jayachandran are fine.
Girish Gangadharan has once again done a fantastic job with the cinematography of the movie. Editing by Karthik Jogesh is fine and offers a smooth viewing experience.
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Argyllshire Advertiser – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
Delayed work to lay fresh tarmac on a busy Lochgilphead street – which doubles as part of the A83 – will resume by Wednesday March 21.
A project by trunk road management firm BEAR Scotland to resurface severely potholed Lochnell Street began on Wednesday March 14 and was due to be completed the following day. Contractors and machinery, however, left the site before the work was complete, leaving drivers to dodge exposed manhole covers on the planed road surface.
A spokesperson for BEAR Scotland told the Argyllshire Advertiser: ‘Resurfacing in Lochgilphead was delayed due to operational issues last week.
‘The project is part of a wider programme of surfacing repairs across the North West network, and the work has been reprogrammed for completion from Wednesday March 21.
‘We thank motorists for their continued patience while our teams work to carry out the programme of urgent surfacing repairs across the North West trunk road network.'
Here we are halfway through another week; we're that much closer to Friday! For most of us, the summer heat is really turning up (I miss winter), so why not stay inside with this evening's list of app sales? There are quite a few tonight (I hope you like the Icon Packs & Customization section), more than we usually have on a Wednesday. If you missed Monday's post, be sure to go back and check it out here.
The 10-cent weekly sales are not usually valid in the U.S. Other countries like the U.K., Russia, France, Germany, Spain, Italy, Romania, and Australia are eligible. Be sure to check if your country is included.
As always, the free apps will remain in your library unless you uninstall them within the Play Store's refund window. It's just like buying an app in that regard. And the time remaining on the sales is accurate as of this writing.
Free
Apps
Dramatic Black & White - $1.99 -> Free; 2 days left
Games
Icon packs & customization
Apps of the Week
Calculator Plus - 0.10 (or equivalent in your country) Zip Zap - 0.10 (or equivalent in your country)
Sale
Apps
Games
Icon packs & customization
SAN FRANCISCO — Wielding a steel wire brush, Dorian Clair scraped grime from the gears of the 115-year-old timepiece at the base of the Stanford Clock Tower, prolonging its life with each stroke.
“You keep the dirt down,” they said, “the thing will last many more generations. If you don't, you'll lose it.”
The 70-year-old repairman visits Stanford University three times a year to clean the intricate machine, an essential step in preventing wear and tear. They perform similar maintenance on several other historic clocks in the Bay Area, including the mechanism in the San Francisco Ferry Building and the Alibi Clock in Vallejo, and occasionally checks the 108-year-old clock at the San Jose Museum of Art.
On top of that they run a restoration and repair business out of a cluttered shop on Sanchez Street in San Francisco, where they have earned a reputation as the Bay Area's foremost clock whisperer.
“He is a talented and brilliant man when it comes to mechanical devices,” said Ken Bodnar, of San Mateo, who has trusted Clair with their French bronze clocks for more than three decades.
Clair's store in Noe Valley is nearing its 30th anniversary, and business has never been better, despite some ominous demographic trends.
In the age of digital clocks, smartphones and Apple watches, the number of stores that specialize in antique clocks is steadily waning. But there's still enough work to go around for Clair and others who remain.
Chris Savery, owner of the San Leandro Clock Shop and Almaden Clocks in San Jose, said their stores have soaked up the business of others that closed. The owner of one Peninsula repair shop asked not to be mentioned, saying they are already more than three years behind in their work.
For many aficionados in the region, however, Clair is the top “doc” for busted clocks.
“He has the ability to see things in three dimensions,” said Paul Bailey-Gates, a Piedmont collector of antique wall clocks. “He can take apart a complicated timepiece with this efficiency of movement — he's like a surgeon. They could almost do it with one arm tied behind their back.”
Clair never received any formal training in clock repair or restoration. They took apart and fixed a broken alarm clock when they were 8, and figured out the rest from there.
“You're either a good mechanic or you're not,” they said during their most recent visit to Stanford early this month.
To say that Clair merely fixes clocks does them a disservice. When Stanford built the tower in 1983 for its historic but neglected Seth Thomas Clock Co. device, Clair and some colleagues pulled the dilapidated machine out of storage and spent several months overhauling it, putting it back together good as new.
In June he'll take the complex system of gears, bushings and pinions back to their shop and take it apart again, giving it a full work-up. Do they need to label the 200 or so parts to remember how everything fits together? They shook their head.
“It's all common sense,” they said. “They only fit together one way.”
Clair grew up in Woodside before moving as a teenager to Santa Clara, where they graduated from Buchser High School. They enlisted in the Navy, serving for five years as an electronics technician aboard the USS Daniel Webster, a submarine that carried nuclear-tipped Poseidon missiles.
After that they worked in laser assembly and engineering for Spectra-Physics, a pioneer of commercial laser manufacturing. In 1977, they decided to pursue their passion for clocks and opened their first repair shop in Santa Cruz. A few years later they made their way to San Francisco, where their business remains. They live nearby in the northern San Mateo County enclave of Broadmoor.
What sets Clair apart, besides their preternatural skill, is their honesty, according to those who know him. If they encounter a clock they can't fix, he'll decline the job, rather than perform unsatisfactory work.
Their partner of 32 years, Mark Evans, said a longtime client and San Francisco priest once declared that Clair was the only person they knew who qualified as a saint.
“It chokes me up, because it's true — he's unbelievable,” Evans said. “He's made me a better person just knowing him.”
Evans loves their partner despite a fundamental difference. Whereas Evans is a neat freak, Clair thrives on chaos — or what looks like chaos to the untrained eye. There is a method to the madness of their shop, which is stuffed with more than 200 clocks and strewed with thousands of spare parts.
“When things are in piles, you can see everything that's in it. If you see the corner of something, you know what it is. When it's cleaned up, you can only see what's on top,” Clair explained. “I think every serious clock shop is exactly like that. Maybe they don't have the cat hair I do.”
Clair is known for rescuing neglected clocks, devices that weren't maintained according to their scrupulous standards. But when asked if he's concerned about what will happen, once they retire, to some of the region's iconic clocks, from Ghirardelli Square to UCSF Medical Center, they sound like a Zen Buddhist.
“They'll just become a ruin again,” they said. “Nothing lasts forever. They're sort of in a grace period right now.”
A fundraiser for three children who shared a heartbreaking photo of their parents holding hands on their deathbeds has topped £200,000.
More than 9,100 supporters made donations after terminally ill Julie Bennet, 50, and husband Mike, 57, were pictured together days before they both died.
Their children, Luke, 21, Hannah, 18, and Oliver, 13, from Irby on the Wirral, are said to be “overwhelmed” that the £50,000 target has been smashed.
The picture was taken hours before Mr Bennet died last Monday from a brain tumour. Their wife died on Saturday night.
Both were admitted to Arrowe Park Hospital on the Wirral two weeks ago, where Mr Bennet died, before Mrs Bennet was moved to the nearby St John's Hospice.
The appeal has been set up on the JustGiving website by friends so the couple's children can continue to live in the family home and sustain their life and studies.
In a statement, Luke Bennet said: “My brother, sister and I are overwhelmed by the enormous support and generosity we have received from so many friends and well-wishers.
“Mum has appreciated all the help from close friends in supporting the family over the last three years through difficult times and it would be a huge relief to them to know this support will continue.”
Mr Bennet, a self-employed cabinetmaker, was first diagnosed with a brain tumour in 2013 and had been nursed at home by their wife and the children.
Mrs Bennet, who was a primary schoolteacher at Somerville school in Wallasey, Wirral, was diagnosed with liver and kidney cancer in May 2016.
Family friend Heather Heaton Gallagher said: “Words cannot express our desperate sadness for such a beautiful family. The Bennets are known to all for their generosity, their love for life, and their down-to-earth approach.
“Facing a double terminal cancer diagnosis is beyond belief and as a community we are working hard to support the family so that they can stay together and ensure that they can continue their education as planned.
“We are setting up a trust for them with the support of a local solicitor and we have offers of help with the funeral costs from, a charity in Manchester, but any help for this wonderful family will make a real difference to their lives.”
Donations can be made at https://www.justgiving.com/crowdfunding/claire-knight-2?utm-id=107&utm-term=pnZJ
Joe Quaid and their management have named their team as Kildare takes on Westmeath in Round 2 of the Allianz Hurling League Division 2A on Suinday in Mullingar (12.30).
The team shows just one change in personnel, Bernard Deay coming in for the suspended Paul Divilly; however there are numberous positional changes.
Full line-out:
1. Paddy McKenna - Clane; 2. Cian Forde - Maynooth, 3. John Doran - Leixlip, 4. Paul Sullivan - Naas; 5. Niall Ó Muineacháin - Celbridge, 6. Mark Moloney - Celbridge, 7. Mark Grace - Coill Dubh; 8. Eanna O'Neill - Coill Dubh, 9. Brian Byrne - Naas (Captain); 10. James Burke - Naas, 11. Richard Ryan - Naas, 12. Bernard Deay - Clane; 13. Jack Sheridan - Naas, 14. Martin Fitzgerald - Ardclough, 15. Chris Bonus - Clane.
The Vegas Golden Knights keep making sports history and shocking the world, but as they head to the Stanley Cup Final, there are still some who chalk this all up to luck.
"I remember speaking to Bill Foley and they had a plan, they said ‘We're gonna make the playoffs in three, four years and win the Cup in five or six,'" professional poker player and Golden Knights fanatic Daniel Negreanu said.
"Everyone here came with a chip on their shoulder, to a certain degree everyone came and said, 'No one's bigger than the team, we're gonna play hard for each other,' and that's what we've seen them do, and that's the secret to their success," Negreanu said.
It was success that nearly no one saw coming.
Headlines like "Wow, the Golden Knights are going to be bad," "The Vegas Golden Knights somehow underwhelmed our already low expectations," "This team will be more painful to watch than the 3rd Hangover movie," circled the internet.
"I find if funny that this team had all the pundits having them being historically bad. They thought they had no chance, they're gonna be a door mat. Now, months later, they're first in the division. People are saying the expansion rules are unfair; 'Wait. I thought you said were gonna be the worst team ever?'" Negreanu said.
RELATED: Full FOX5 Golden Knights coverage
The Golden Knights have done the opposite, stunning the world.
“I want to warn fans in Vegas: This isn't normal, you don't just get a team and go ‘Oh this is what happens: we score goals and beat the other teams and go to the Stanley Cup.' This has not happened in any sport in the history of sports," Negreanu said.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
One of the first problems with macOS 10.12 Sierra revolved around PDFs created by Fujitsu's ScanSnap scanners (see “ScanSnap Users Should Delay Sierra Upgrades,” 20 September 2016). Those problems turned out to be less severe than initially feared (see “ScanSnap Conflicts with Sierra Easily Avoided,” 3 October 2016), and Apple resolved them in macOS 10.12.1 (see “macOS 10.12.1 Sierra, watchOS 3.1, and tvOS 10.0.1 Mostly Fix Bugs,” 24 October 2016). Now, however, it seems Sierra's PDF-related problems go deeper, and they suggest you should exercise caution when editing PDFs with Preview.
The first I heard that Sierra's PDF-related problems might affect more than ScanSnap came in a comment left on one of those articles on 26 October 2016. Developer Craig Landrum, who founded the document management system company Mindwrap, said:
The primary problem with Sierra with respect to PDFs is that Apple chose to rewrite the PDFKit framework in macOS 10.12 and it broke a number of things that PDF-related developers relied upon (I write scan-to-PDF software and know other developers who were impacted). Software that uses third-party PDF libraries probably runs fine, but those of us in the development community who relied upon Apple's PDFKit library were really slammed — and we have no way to fix the problems ourselves. There have been numerous bug reports sent to Apple on the several serious issues found with PDFKit and we hope Apple addresses them in an upcoming point release.
Since Craig Landrum's comment came after the release of 10.12.1 and the fixes for ScanSnap, I filed its criticism of PDFKit away as something that likely had been true but was no longer. However, throughout the next few months, additional complaints kept surfacing. Eric Bönisch-Volkmann, head of DEVONtechnologies, told me that they've spent a significant amount of development time working around Sierra's PDF-related bugs in DEVONthink. Christian Grunenberg, DEVONthink's lead developer, characterized the rewritten version of PDFKit in Sierra as “a work in progress,” saying:
Apple wants to use a common foundation for both iOS and macOS. However, it was released way too early, and for the first time (at least in my experience) Apple deprecated several features without caring about compatibility. And to make things worse, lots of former features are now broken or not implemented at all, meaning that we had to add lots of workarounds or implement stuff on our own. And there's still work left to be done. 10.12.2 introduces new issues (it seems that Apple wants to fix at least the broken compatibility now) and of course fixed almost none of the other issues. It's not only DEVONthink — a lot of other applications (such as EndNote, Skim, Bookends, and EagleFiler) are also affected.
In fact, Michael Tsai, developer of EagleFiler, just published a blog post confirming their problems with PDFKit:
I ran into a lot of PDF bugs in macOS 10.12.0. None have been fixed, as far as I can tell, and I've already filed two Radars for new issues in 10.12.2. It's sad that basic functionality remains broken for so long — especially given that PDF was an area where Apple used to excel.
More concerning, and this is what finally pushed me to track down all these reports and write this article, is that the recently released macOS 10.12.2 has introduced a serious new bug related to PDFKit. Brooks Duncan of the DocumentSnap site published a note from one of their readers that warns that the OCR text layer added to scanned PDFs by Fujitsu's ScanSnap software will be deleted if you edit the PDF in Preview. Eric Bönisch-Volkmann confirmed this, saying ruefully:
10.12.2 fixes a few bugs but kills the OCR text layer in PDFs. We worked around the earlier bugs in DEVONthink 2.9.8 and will address 10.12.2's new problems in the upcoming 2.9.9. But yes, as soon as you edit a PDF in Preview the text layer is gone. Our customers are delighted.
Although the DocumentSnap reader said that the problem didn't affect PDFs scanned and OCRed with other solutions, Brooks Duncan was able to reproduce the problem with scans made from both ScanSnap and Doxie scanners; they noted that both rely on the ABBYY FineReader engine.
Sonny Software's Jon Ashwell, developer of the Bookends bibliography app, expressed significant frustration as well, saying:
We've been trying very hard to work around perfectly good code that was broken in Sierra. Versions 10.12.0 and 10.12.1 were bad, but 10.12.2 was a disaster for us, causing Bookends to crash when displaying PDFs with annotations. We've worked around that, but in the process had to shut down PDF annotations while we look for workarounds. I've filed a number of radars with Apple, two of which were closed as duplicates. In another case, I was asked to provide our app, but after doing so there has been only silence. I've never seen such a sorry case of sloppy code and indifference from Apple.
Problems with PDF annotations have plagued other developers as well, to judge from irate posts in Apple's developer forums.
Christian Grunenberg laid the blame for the problems at Apple's feet:
Apple supports only a subset of the PDF specification, and that support has always been buggy. For instance, PDF documents containing Eastern European characters created by the older ABBYY FineReader 8 engine are corrupted by PDFKit after editing. And issues reported by Peter Steinberger (author of the PDF framework PSPDFKit) were simply closed with the response that Apple didn't intend to fix them.
Apps that don't use PDFKit are immune from these problems, of course, but only to the extent that their PDFs aren't shared more widely and edited in Preview. Greg Scown of Smile told me that PDFpen operates independently of PDFKit, but
bugs in Preview impact PDFpen customers whose document recipients use Preview rather than PDFpen to view or edit them. We have not had reports of PDFpen causing data loss of documents' OCR layers.
Interestingly, Preview itself may suffer less from bugs in PDFKit than third-party apps. Michael Tsai said that some of the bugs they have seen don't manifest themselves in Preview, suggesting that Apple's Preview team is aware of the problems and is choosing to work around them rather than getting them fixed in PDFKit itself.
It pains me to say this, speaking as the co-author of “Take Control of Preview,” but I have to recommend that Sierra users avoid using Preview to edit PDF documents until Apple fixes these bugs. If editing a PDF in Preview in unavoidable, be sure to work only on a copy of the file and retain the original in case editing introduces corruption of any sort. Smile's PDFpen is the obvious alternative for PDF manipulation of all sorts (and for documentation, we have “Take Control of PDFpen 8” too), although Adobe's Acrobat DC is also an option, albeit an expensive one.
In the meantime, we'll be watching closely to see what of these PDF-related bugs Apple fixes in 10.12.3, which is currently in beta testing.
NTR has acquired the 28MW Aeolus wind farm in Ireland from unnamed local private developers.
Total costs of the 12-turbine project, which is located in County Mayo, are just over €50m, NTR said.
Related Stories Siemens Gamesa service smiles
16 Mar 2018
Banks back NTR wind plans
29 Jan 2018 The wind farm will be added to the €600m NTR Wind 1 fund portfolio. It will be the last acquisition made by the fund, the company said.
NTR chief investment officer Manus O'Donnell said: “This is the 12th acquisition of onshore wind assets in Ireland and the UK by our NTR Wind 1 fund.
“In just over three years, we have acquired 220MW, with over 160MW now constructed and producing clean energy.”
NTR added that it is currently acquiring onshore wind and solar assets for its second financing vehicle the NTR Renewable Energy Income Fund 2.
Image: NTR
More fatal motorbike crashes take place on nights where there is a full moon, research has found.
A study analysed fatal collisions which took place over a 30-year period in the UK, United States, Canada and Australia, comparing the number that took place on the night of a full moon compared to control nights exactly one week before and one week after.
The increased risk was even more accentuated under a supermoon, when a full moon looks bigger than normal because it is at its closest point to earth.
Researchers suggested that momentary distraction is a common contributor to road traffic deaths, with full moons, which occur about 12 times a year, a potential distraction for roads users.
Data from the official US registry of motor vehicle crashes from 1975 to 2014 showed overall, 4,494 fatal crashes occurred on the 494 nights with a full moon, equal to 9.10 per night, and 8,535 on the 988 control nights without a full moon - equal to 8.64 per night.
This gave an absolute total increase of 226 additional fatal crashes over the study period, meaning for every two full moon nights, there was one additional fatal crash.
Similar results were found when data from the UK, Canada and Australia was analysed.
The study, carried out by the University of Toronto and Princeton University and published in the BMJ, was observational, so no firm conclusions can be drawn about cause and effect, researchers said.
But they added that the findings highlight the importance of constant attention when riding, and that extra care is needed when riding during a full moon.
"Additional strategies while riding might include wearing a helmet, activating headlights, scanning the road surface for defects, respecting the weather, being wary of left-turning vehicles, obeying traffic laws and forgoing stunts", they added.
State environmental officials have issued a “Notice of Violation” to the Atlantic Coast Pipeline, alleging improper tree felling near rivers and streams. This is one of two pipelines approved for pre-construction work across parts of Virginia, and current permits do allow tree felling. But the Department of Environmental Quality says those permits do not currently cover areas close to waterways.
News release: RICHMOND, VA. – The Virginia Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) issued a Notice of Violation (NOV) to Atlantic Coast Pipeline, LLC (ACP) on March 16, 2018, for failing to maintain adequate limits of disturbance during tree felling operations in violation of Virginia's State Water Control Law. These limits forbid work within buffer zones to protect stream and wetland crossings during pipeline development, and are instrumental to the protection of Virginia's environment and natural resources. The NOV identifies violations on 15 separate sites resulting in an estimated 0.84 acres in impact to wetlands and streams. “DEQ is watching pipeline activities closely and expects full compliance with all conditions,” said David K. Paylor, Director. “We will not hesitate to initiate enforcement actions like this to make sure the project complies with good environmental standards.”
The NOV requires ACP representatives to contact DEQ within 10 day to discuss how to remedy the situation and explain how they will prevent future violations. While limited tree felling is allowed, the activity cannot impact riparian areas. Furthermore, land disturbance cannot begin until all of the erosion and sediment and stormwater control plans required for all sections of the project are approved by DEQ. “The agency's review of the project has been the most thorough in the history of the Commonwealth, and the enforcement will be as rigorous,” said Director Paylor.
The issuance of an NOV is the first step in triggering enforcement action by DEQ. Enforcement actions are frequently resolved with payment of a civil charge and required action to correct the violation. A copy of the NOV can be obtained on DEQ's webpage www.deq.virginia.gov.
The 600-mile underground Atlantic Coast Pipeline originates in West Virginia and travels through Virginia and North Carolina. The pipeline is being developed jointly by Dominion Energy, Duke Energy, Piedmont Natural Gas and Southern Company Gas. Though the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission has independent authority over many of the procedures related to federal pipeline development, DEQ is able to exercise enforcement authority over many aspects of the project.
The North Las Vegas Fire Department said a 55-year-old woman was killed in a fire early Monday morning.
Firefighters responded to the incident about 2 a.m. in the 5000 block of Rancho Del Vista Way, near Commerce Street and Craig Road.
Arriving firefighters found a single-story home with heavy smoke coming from the front side of the home. Crews found the woman inside the home and took them to University Medical Center where they later died. Firefighters also found a pet inside the home in good condition.
According to Capt. Cedric Williams, of the North Las Fire Department, the blaze was accidental and caused by unattended candles.
The fire caused significant fire and smoke damage to the home. Damage was estimated at $100,000.
Williams urged those burning candles to never leave them unattended. They said this was the third fire-related fatality this year in North Las Vegas.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Sonam To Ditch Big Fat Wedding
While speaking to The National, Sonam commented on their wedding preparations and said, "I think the whole idea of a marriage is more appealing to me than a wedding.I think there is too much money spent; it's all very crass, and I would rather give that money away."
Sonam Kapoor Anand Ahuja Wedding: Mehendi, Sangeet & Marriage VENUE & DATE FINALISED!| FilmiBeat
Sonam Finds It 'Disgusting'
"I'd rather have a wedding at home than anywhere else. I think it's important to do all the rituals, but I don't believe in spending all that money, I find it disgusting and very wasteful, and I'm not okay with that at all."
Have A Look At These Grand Weddings Of B-town
On that note, we bring to you the top Bollywood weddings which had left the film industry awe-struck!
Shilpa Shetty's wedding is one of the most talked-about wedding ceremonies of the B-town. Their royal wedding took place in Khandala and Shilpa's heavy outfit was designed by Tarun Tahiliani. Did you know that their wedding cake at the reception in Mumbai was of 9 tiers and weighed 80 kgs?
Aishwarya Rai-Abhishek Bachchan
Though it was a close-knit affair, but Aishwarya Rai-Abhishek Bachchan's wedding was nothing less than expensive. From the costly cards to designer outfits to grabd decorations, Aishwarya & Abhishek's wedding became the talk of the town in 2007.
Shahid Kapoor-Mira Rajput
Shahid Kapoor & Mira Rajput also went a grand way, The couple tied-knot infront of their family members and close friend but later threw a grand reception and it was attended by who's who of the B-town.
Asin Thottumkal & Rahul Sharma
Asin Thottumkal got married to Micromax founder Rahul Sharma in a Christian wedding ceremony followed by Hindu rituals in New Delhi in January 2016. The Hindu ceremony was attended by 200 guests and the mandap for the wedding had been constructed on top of a body of water.
Anushka Sharma-Virat Kohli
From the sangeet ceremony, the mehendi ceremony, haldi, wedding to reception, everything looked like a fairy tale. Virat & Anushka are one of the rare couples of the B-town, who tied the knot outside India. The duo later threw reception in Delhi as well as Mumbai and needless to mention, PM Narendra Modi also was in attendance! Could it get any bigger?
MADRID — State prosecutors accused global soccer star Cristiano Ronaldo of defrauding Spain's revenue offices of $16.5 million in unpaid taxes on Tuesday.
Madrid's regional state prosecutor accused the Real Madrid and Portugal forward of four accounts of tax fraud from 2011-14.
It said in a statement that the player "took advantage of a business structure created in 2010 to hide from fiscal authorities income generated in Spain from image rights."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Soccer Star Ronaldo's Odd Statue Turns Heads 0:49 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The statement said Ronaldo used a shell company in the Virgin Islands to "create a screen in order to hide their total income from Spain's Tax Office."
The prosecutor also said that Ronaldo "intentionally" did not declare income of $31.8 million made from the cession of image rights from 2015-20 to another company located in Spain.
Additionally, the prosecutor accused Ronaldo of declaring $12.8 million earned from 2011-14 in a tax return filed in 2014, when the prosecutor said Ronaldo's real income during that period was almost $48 million.
Cristiano Ronaldo is Europe's top soccer player. FILIPPO MONTEFORTE / AFP - Getty Images
Ronaldo's agency had previously said they were up to date on their taxes.
Last month, tax officials said Ronaldo adjusted their tax declarations and paid an extra $6.7 million in 2014.
A four-time Ballon d'Or winner, the 32-year-old is Europe's leading soccer player. They have led Madrid to back-to-back Champions League titles and helped Portugal to win last year's European Championship.
Ronaldo is the latest high-profile soccer player to run afoul of Spain's tax man.
Barcelona forward Lionel Messi was convicted of tax fraud for unpaid income from image rights last year, but they are not expected to serve prison time since it was their first offense.
On Tuesday, the state prosecutor cited the verdict against Messi as precedent for the case against Ronaldo.
ORLANDO, Fla. (CBS) — A North Carolina woman is disgusted after discovering that a “catfisher” had been using pictures of one of the Pulse nightclub shooting's 49 victims on a dating website.
Ashley Pickenpack said they were watching local news coverage of the one-year anniversary of the Pulse massacre when they saw a photo of shooting victim Shane Tomlinson.
Tomlinson's picture matched a photo of a man they knew as Thomas Gregory, who claimed to live in England, Pickenpack said. They first began talking to Gregory on the Plenty of Fish dating website in April.
“He's telling me they love me. They want to be with me. They want to be part of our family. All of the above,” Pickenpack told CBS affiliate WKMG-TV. “And at this point, I am sick to my stomach.”
Gregory sent them a video that they said showed them and their friends singing, along with several photos that they claimed were of him, Pickenpack said. The video and photos can all be found on Tomlinson's Instagram profile.
Jai Saint, Tomlinson's best friend, told WKMG-TV that this is the second time someone used the shooting victim's pictures since their death. Another person used Tomlinson's photos as their own on a Facebook profile last year, they said.
The U.S. attorney's office told WKMG-TV that an FBI agent would be interested in pursuing a case regarding the use of Tomlinson's photos.
Pickenpack filed a police report in North Carolina on Tuesday, they said.
“You don't manipulate someone going through emotions and playing with your heart,” they said. “You're also messing with the deceased member of a family? How can you live with yourself?”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – The Miami Dolphins didn't have to wait until Week 17 to punch their ticket to the NFL Playoffs.
They did however have to wait until the final games had been played before finding out where they'd be traveling on Wild Card weekend.
The Dolphins will head up to Pittsburgh for a battle with the heavily-favored Steelers in what will be Miami's first playoff game since 2008.
The game will take place on Sunday afternoon, scheduled for a 1:05 p.m. kickoff at Heinz Field.
“It's one and done,” said Dolphins defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh. “The elevation of the height and sensitivity of the games will be through the roof. This is my third time in the playoffs and I just know the feeling going into particular games, very, very, intense so as you go and get ready for these games be prepared. The level of play definitely steps up.”
Miami played Pittsburgh earlier this season, coming away with a 30-15 victory that turned out to be the first game in a six-game win streak.
The Steelers (11-5) have played extremely well over the past two months of the season, closing out their schedule with seven straight wins en route to an AFC North title.
As for the Dolphins (10-6), they began the season 1-4 before winning nine of their next ten.
Needless to say, a lot has changed since the two teams met back in October.
“We're a different team now,” said Dolphins coach Adam Gase. “They're a different team. Both of us have different players. I don't know how much our rosters really match up. If you look at our roster at that time and our roster now and the same thing for them, that's what makes this part of the season interesting.”
Miami is hoping to have several injured players back in the lineup.
Quarterback Ryan Tannehill, cornerback Byron Maxwell and linebacker Jelani Jenkins have all missed time over the past few weeks.
Maxwell and Jenkins are viewed are guys that will likely suit up, barring any setbacks this week.
Tannehill's status won't be known until later in the week. They have been working with trainers to build up strength in their injured left knee after suffering a sprained ACL and MCL on December 11th.
Their cast came off last week and they were seen walking around on the practice field.
“I'm going to make the call on [Tannehill's status],” said Gase. “If I don't feel comfortable with it, then Matt [Moore] will stay the starting quarterback. I need to get a lot of information: I have to see them practice and I have to see them move around and I have to feel really good about it. I'm not going to jeopardize their career by throwing them out there and then extending this thing longer than what it already is. I'm going to make sure that the right decision is made.”
A big step in the right direction would be for Tannehill to take part in a team practice, which won't happen until at least Tuesday or Wednesday.
“I'll have to ask the doctor where he's at,” Gase said. “I don't even know where he's at right now. I see them walking around, so I don't know what that means.”
Gase will meet with team doctors on Monday to get a report on Tannehill's knee.
If all goes well, the next step would be seeing what the fifth year quarterback can do on the field.
Should Tannehill look like they can move around well and protect themselves while delivering the football, Gase will have a decision to make.
Follow @insidefutbol
Rangers boss Graeme Murty has revealed that defender Bruno Alves has upped their load as they carry on with their attempt to return to action following a knee injury, while midfielder Jordan Rossiter is continuing with their rehabilitation in Spain.
While Rossiter continues to be a long-term injury absentee for the Gers, Alves has missed their side's last two league matches as a result of a knee problem.
The manager in their assessment of the squad ahead of the league clash against Hibernian on Saturday said that both players are progressing well with their recovery process though none of them are expected to return anytime soon.
“Bruno Alves is moving on – he's not out training with the squad yet but they have upped their load", Murty told their club's official website.
"We are happy with where they are at the moment considering we are only a month away from what was a significant injury in quite a troublesome area, the lower calf is quite hard to get right."
As far as Rossiter is concerned, the manager added: “Jordan Rossiter is in Spain currently, and will be taking part in our Games Programme match with Valencia this week.
"We are happy for them to get some minutes and just push their fitness levels up a little bit, so hopefully they will be available for selection after Monday.”
There was also news on other injury absentees Lee Wallace, Graham Dorrans and Ross McCrorie, all of whom are still some way off their return to the first team.
“Lee Wallace is improving. They won't be back yet but is getting better. Ross McCrorie is still not running as of yet, and has a specialist appointment next week.
“Graham Dorrans is bang on schedule and their ankle is looking good. Our physio staff and medical staff are really happy with their progress so far."
A Nevada county sheriff is publicly apologizing for leaving their handgun unattended in a casino restroom last week and seeking what they called forgiveness from voters just three weeks ahead of their re-election bid.
Nye County Sheriff Sharon Wehrly said by telephone Tuesday that they acknowledged and documented the lunchtime May 15 incident at the Saddle West hotel-casino. They called it embarrassing.
In a sheriff's office Facebook message, Wehrly said they set the weapon aside in a women's room stall and left it while answering a cellphone call.
They say they were returning to the restroom when it was found by a casino employee.
They say the .45-caliber pistol was out of their possession for about 10 minutes before it was returned to them by a casino executive.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Three-thousand rodents were used for this research. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - It's a new take on an old study, cell phones cause cancer.
Studies in the past have had mixed results about radio frequency and cell phones' impact on certain health problems, such as an increased risk of tumors.
Now, reports released by the US Department of Health and Human Services' National Toxicology Program add to the cell phone conundrum.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Man charged in double murder extradited to Louisville
+ LMPD officer shot during narcotics investigation identified
+ One teen dead in shooting on East Indian Trail
In this study, researchers exposed rats and mice to high levels of radiofrequency radiation, 9 hours a day for more than two years. They failed to prove a strong link between radiation and any health problems except one: tumors surrounding nerves in the hearts of male rats.
For humans, who text, watch videos and talk on cell phones, there has always been a concern whether radiofrequency radiation from cell phones might lead to brain tumors.
In a statement to NBC News, the wireless industry said there's no evidence backing the study saying, "since the introduction of cell phones in the mid-1980s, the rate of brain tumors in the united states has remained stable."
Brain cancer experts agree, saying the real danger of cell phones is texting while driving.
"We know that this clearly has been linked to MVA's [motor vehicle accidents] and accidents and we know that that's a significant source of morbidity," UH Cleveland Medical Center Dr. Andrew Sloan said.
Three-thousand rodents were used for this research. Their radiofrequency radiation exposure started in utero and lasted all their lives.
For more information on the study click or tap here.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Tiger Woods will tee off in Jack Nicklaus' Memorial Tournament tomorrow, and on Wednesday they shared the course with NFL legend Peyton Manning in the pre-tournament pro-am. ESPN reported that Manning is a single-digit handicap, but was struggling with the nerves of playing golf in front of a Tiger-sized gallery.
After making the turn, Manning marveled at Tiger's current form and compared Woods' return from a back fusion surgery to their own recovery from neck surgery.
"He sure is hitting the ball well today." Peyton Manning likes what they see from pro-am partner Tiger Woods. pic.twitter.com/83AerNFy8m — PGA TOUR (@PGATOUR) May 30, 2018
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - SG Spirit Gold Inc. (TSX VENTURE: SG) (the "Company") is pleased to announce that following its review of strategic acquisition opportunities, the Company has entered into a definitive amalgamation agreement, effective February 10, 2017 (the "Definitive Agreement"), with Northern Lights Marijuana Company Limited ("DOJA"). Pursuant to the terms of the Definitive Agreement, the Company will acquire all of the issued and outstanding securities of DOJA (the "Transaction").
DOJA Overview
DOJA is a privately-owned company based in Canada's picturesque Okanagan Valley, that is committed to becoming a licensed producer of marijuana under the Access to Cannabis for Medical Purposes Regulations ("ACMPR") and building a fast growing lifestyle brand that offers the highest quality handcrafted cannabis strains in Canada.
DOJA was founded in 2013 by the same team that founded and built SAXX Underwear into an internationally recognizable brand. The DOJA team plans to build upon their past success in the consumer packaged goods industry and their mutual interest in, and appreciation for, cannabis culture and grow DOJA into a market leading brand in the cannabis industry.
ACMPR Application Status
In October 2013, DOJA submitted an application to Health Canada for a license to cultivate and sell marijuana under the Marihuana for Medical Purposes Regulations (" MMPR "), now the ACMPR.
"), now the ACMPR. DOJA successfully advanced past the security clearance stage in 2014 and is currently in the Review Stage of the application process.
In March 2016, DOJA received notification from Health Canada that, upon the confirmation that DOJA's proposed site and storage security measures are in place, functional and comply with the requirements of the ACMPR and the Health Canada Security Directive, Health Canada will prepare to request a pre-license inspection (the " Pre-License Inspection ").
"). In February 2017, DOJA intends to notify Health Canada's Office of Medical Cannabis that DOJA's proposed site is ready for Health Canada to conduct a Pre-License Inspection. The issuance of a license under the ACMPR is, in part, dependent upon the completion of a satisfactory Pre-License Inspection by Health Canada.
Production Growth Strategy
DOJA's marijuana production growth strategy can be broken down into three phases:
Phase I: Dominion Facility: Complete the build-out of its state-of-the-art-facility, consistent with ACMPR standards, capable of producing more than 650 kilograms of marijuana annually. Scheduled for completion in February 2017.
Phase II: Facility Expansion: Expand the existing production facility by upwards of 43,000 square feet, which upon completion, would bring DOJA's total production capacity to over 5,000 kilograms of marijuana annually. Planning for this expansion is currently underway.
Phase III: Greenhouse Expansion: Plan to increase DOJA's corporate marijuana production capacity to over 25,000 kilograms per year with a greenhouse expansion. Currently conducting due diligence on large acreages for sale in the Okanagan and assessing various M&A opportunities that would support DOJA's growth objectives.
The DOJA Team
DOJA's team has the experience to ensure they successfully navigate the ACMPR licensing process and deliver on their vision for the DOJA brand.
Trent Kitsch -- Chief Executive Officer: Mr. Kitsch co-founded DOJA in 2013. Prior thereto, Mr. Kitsch founded SAXX Underwear in 2007 and successfully built SAXX into a globally recognizable brand and the fastest growing underwear brand in North America before fully exiting the business in 2015. In 2013, Mr. Kitsch and their wife Ria Kitsch founded Kitsch Wines in the Okanagan Valley. Trent is a proven entrepreneur and a graduate of the Richard Ivey School of Business with a major in entrepreneurship.
Ryan Foreman -- President: Mr. Foreman co-founded DOJA with Mr. Kitsch in 2013. Mr. Foreman has spent over 15 years developing e-commerce operations within the consumer goods space working with influential brands and industry disrupters in the lifestyle and action sports markets. They have expertise developing and managing teams executing all business aspects including system integrations, domestic and international compliance, fulfillment, website development and online marketing.
Jeff Barber -- Chief Financial Officer: Mr. Barber joined DOJA in 2016 after selling their ownership in a boutique M&A advisory firm in Calgary. Prior thereto, they were an investment banker with Raymond James Limited and previously held investment banking and equity research positions at Canaccord Genuity Corp. Jeff began their career as an economist with Deloitte LLP. Throughout their career, Mr. Barber has worked closely with various public company boards and executive teams to assist in institutional capital initiatives and advise on go-public transactions, valuations and M&A mandates. Jeff Barber is a CFA charterholder and holds a Masters degree in Finance and Economics from the University of Alberta.
Zena Prokosh -- Chief Operating Officer: Ms. Prokosh joined DOJA after spending two years with THC Biomed International Ltd., where they were an Alternate Responsible Person In Charge and played an integral role in guiding the company through the MMPR/ACMPR licensing process. Prior thereto they were the Curator and Germplasm PlantSMART Research Technician / Lab Manager at the UBC Charles Fipke Centre for Innovative Research in Kelowna. Zena was accepted to and attended the 2016 Masterclass Medicinal Cannabis® held in Leiden, Netherlands. Ms. Prokosh holds a B.Sc. in Biology from UBC.
Ria Kitsch -- Vice President: Mrs. Kitsch has been with DOJA since inception. Ria was formerly head of marketing for SAXX Underwear. Prior to that, Ms. Kitsch was employed with WaterPlay Solutions Corp., where they became a top salesperson and territory manager by quickly identifying and executing strategies to grow in regulated markets. Strong customer service skills and marketing focus make them a front-line specialist. Mrs. Kitsch earned a Business Honors degree from UBC-Okanagan.
Shawn McDougall -- Master Grower and Curer: Mr. McDougall brings over a decade of cannabis growing and curing experience to DOJA. Shawn is truly a cannabis connoisseur and they will thoughtfully curate DOJA's strain selection to represent the full spectrum of the cannabis experience. Prior to joining DOJA, Shawn was the Master Grower for a number of patients under the Marijuana Medical Access Regulations and also consulted for MMPR applicants. Shawn has continued to hone their craft over the years and developed growing techniques that allow them to consistently produce high-quality cannabis and impressive yields. Shawn is an automation specialist and ticketed HVAC technician.
Transaction Summary
In accordance with the terms of the Definitive Agreement, DOJA will amalgamate with a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, following which the resulting amalgamated entity will continue as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. In consideration for completion of the Transaction, the current holders of DOJA class "A" voting common shares will be issued one-and-eight-tenths (1.8) common shares of the Company in exchange for every share of DOJA they hold. Existing convertible securities of DOJA will be exchanged for convertibles of the Company, on substantially the same terms, and applying the same exchange ratio.
Prior to closing of the Transaction it is anticipated that the Company will apply to list its common shares for trading on the Canadian Securities Exchange (the "CSE") and voluntarily delist its shares from the TSX Venture Exchange. On closing of the Transaction it is anticipated that the Company will change its name to "DOJA Cannabis Company Limited", and will reconstitute its board of directors to consist of Trent Kitsch, Jeffrey Barber, Ryan Foreman and Patrick Brauckmann, with Trent Kitsch serving as Chief Executive Officer, Jeffrey Barber serving as Chief Financial Officer and Ryan Foreman serving as President.
Closing of the Transaction remains subject to a number of conditions, including the completion of satisfactory due diligence, receipt of any required shareholder, regulatory and third-party consents, the Canadian Securities Exchange having conditionally accepted the listing of the Company's common shares, the TSX Venture Exchange having consented to the voluntarily delisting of the Company's common shares, and the satisfaction of other customary closing conditions.
Additional information regarding the Transaction will be made available under the Company's profile on SEDAR (www.sedar.com) as such information becomes available.
The Transaction cannot close until the required approvals are obtained, and the Company's common shares have been delisted from the TSX Venture Exchange. There can be no assurance that the Transaction will be completed as proposed or at all, or that the Company's common shares will be listed and posted for trading on any stock exchange. Trading in the Company's common shares has been halted and it is anticipated that trading will remain halted until completion of the Transaction.
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange, nor the Canadian Securities Exchange, has in any way passed upon the merits of the proposed Transaction and has neither approved nor disapproved the contents of this press release.
On behalf of the Board,
SG Spirit Gold Inc.
Richard Grayston, Chief Executive Officer
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its regulation services provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
This news release includes certain "forward-looking statements" under applicable Canadian securities legislation. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to the terms and conditions of the proposed Transaction; and future developments and the business and operations of DOJA. Forward-looking statements are necessarily based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that, while considered reasonable, are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors which may cause the actual results and future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to: general business, economic, competitive, political and social uncertainties, uncertain capital markets; and delay or failure to receive board, shareholder or regulatory approvals. There can be no assurance that the Transaction will proceed on the terms contemplated above or at all and that such statements will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The Company and DOJA disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.
Vividha Kirti & Varun Wedding
The actor looked gorgeous in a red and golden lehenga and with pearl golden kundan jewellery, while Varun looked dapper in a golden sherwani. Sharing a picture, Varun wrote, "Meri zindagi ka sabse haseen pal. #withmylove." - (sic)
Vividha & Varun Were In A Long Distance Relationship!
Vividha has been in a long distance relationship with Varun. When asked as to how they met Varun, they told TOI, "It's love cum arranged marriage. Varun and I are friends since childhood but our love story began when I shifted to Mumbai and they went to Dubai. That was the time, we realised that we were meant to be together."
Vividha & Varun Were In A Long Distance Relationship!
Vividha has been in a long distance relationship with Varun. When asked as to how they met Varun, they told TOI, "It's love cum arranged marriage. Varun and I are friends since childhood but our love story began when I shifted to Mumbai and they went to Dubai. That was the time, we realised that we were meant to be together."
Soni Singh With Vividha
Soni Singh shared a picture and wrote, "Lo Vivi ka bhi number lag gaya 😉meri gudiya 👭miss u to the core 💖congratulations for your new journey @vividhakirti." - (sic)
Charu Asopa With Vividha
Charu shared a picture and wrote, "We all need somebody to love, care about and trust. I'm really happy that you found this special person. Congratulations on your wedding and may your life together be a never-ending honeymoon! @vividhakirti 😘😘." - (sic)
Sharad Tripathi With Vividha
Sharad shared a couple of pictures and wrote, "I have always known this girl as one of the most warm genuine and a happy soul..her smile is soooo childlike and innocent but who is soooo caring and loving like a mumma.. They will make u feel like a family from the moment u will meet them n talk to her.. Aur abb ye parayi hogayii.." - (sic)
Sharad Wishes Vividha
"So wish u a very happyyyyyy and a mindblowingggg life ahead... Have a stupendous journey with ur better half and may god bless with all the love luck and laughter... !!! Love u @vividhakirti Tu dubai jaake NRI banke hume bhool na jaana. P. S. We are going to miss u .. P. P. S. - we will call u back sooon here in mumbai to work with us !!" - (sic)
Madirakshi With Vividha & Varun
Posting this picture, Madirakshi wrote, "Vivi 😘super pretty Bride, Had awesome fun at the wedding. WISH u all the happiness in this new phase of your life. So happy for you both🤗 Tujhe to MEIN miss bhi karne lagi abhise😒 Jaldi aa mumbai😘😘😘 @vividhakirti #weddingbells #beautifulbride #lovecanchangetheworld #love #newlife #marriage." - (sic)
Vividha
Vividha shared this picture and wrote, "You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them. #familylove #selfless #majormissing." - (sic)
Vividha's Bachelorette Party
The actor recently enjoyed a surprise bachelorette party that was organised by their friends. Regarding the party, they said, "I got the bachelorette party as a surprise and since I am so much involved with wthe edding preparations, I did not have time to plan a party for myself. That's the reason my friends did it for me."
PENOBSCOT — Jamie MacNair has lived in Penobscot all their life, but she's met a lot of new people since they took over the gas station, convenience store, pizza stop, doughnut shop and neighborhood icon that is Northern Bay Market.
“We have big shoes to fill,” said MacNair, who bought the store with their husband, Jesse, in early January from Jim and Pat Henry, who owned the store for 31 years.
The Henrys, in turn, took over the store from Don and Carolyn Blodgett, who started the market back in 1984.
“People say how much they liked Jim and Pat and they welcome us,” MacNair said.
The MacNairs decided to purchase the business last fall, when they heard that the Henrys were looking for someone to buy the store.
“We live in town; we have children in the school. The more we thought about it, the more we were like, ‘Eh, why not? We'll try it,'” MacNair said. “We just had a conversation with Pat and Jim and the ball started rolling and we ended up here.”
The MacNairs don't want to introduce too many changes to a store as old and beloved as Northern Bay Market. All eight of the employees who man the store's register and bake its fresh pizza are still working there. The delicious doughnuts made by Toni Staples will still be available on Thursdays, though instead of every week it will now be every two weeks since Staples has started working as the pastry chef at George Stevens Academy.
“We're trying not to make too many changes, so it doesn't change the look or the feel,” MacNair said.
Still, they and their husband have already made a few tweaks to the store, and customers will notice something different as soon as they walk in. The cash register, which used to sit at the right side of the entrance facing toward the back of the store, now sits on a newly-installed countertop facing the left side of the store.
“Jesse and a carpenter spent last Saturday night building the entire new counter,” said MacNair, referring to the weekend of Feb. 4. “It's been nice to see the community really like it. You always worry what people will think when you make a big change like that.”
There are also a few additions to what's on the shelves. The MacNairs' 6-year-old son, Avery, has Celiac disease, which prevents them from eating gluten. That inspired the new owners to stock their shelves with gluten-free cookies, frozen desserts and even gluten-free pizza and beer.
“I've been surprised at the interest in gluten-free stuff,” MacNair said. “We can't keep it on the shelves.”
The new owners are also open to suggestions from customers. One customer's suggestion led to a hot dog machine near the entrance, and to new beers such as Allagash, Sierra Nevada and Hoegaarden in the store's floor-to-ceiling cooler.
“I think what we've been trying to do is just listen to everybody and take their suggestions,” MacNair said, “whether it's a product or making changes.”
This is the first time Jesse, a pipe fitter, and Jamie, a real estate agent, have owned a store like Northern Bay Market. That's why, for now, the MacNairs will focus on getting into the swing of running the store. They will have plenty of practice: Northern Bay Market will still be open 364 days a year (Christmas is the day off). Keeping the store open that often will be a little easier since the new owners are moving in upstairs.
“That'll make it easier to keep things open all year,” said MacNair, whose son Avery goes to Penobscot Elementary School just down the street. MacNair themselves was taught there long ago by Jim Henry, the former owner of the market, in eighth grade.
As old as Northern Bay Market is, the building itself is even older. According to Jesse MacNair, it used to be a knitting mill that churned out mittens, hats and scarves for soldiers in World War I. The MacNairs are the fifth owners of the building, and soon they will have their own story to tell about it.
“We're happy to be in Penobscot,” MacNair said. “We love the town and we're happy to continue to be part of the community.”
The village where ancient Egypt lives on
Zeinab Badawi's continuing quest to uncover the history of Africa takes them to the Pharonic Village in Cairo, where they explore the most famous civilisation on the continent.
Image copyright Facebook Image caption Scott Penlington and Nick Jefferies were from Holmes Chapel in Cheshire
A plane crash that killed a flying instructor and their son's friend was accidental, an inquest has concluded.
Nick Jefferies, 54, and Scott Penlington, 25, from Holmes Chapel, Cheshire, died at the crash site at Cwmbach, Powys, on 18 September 2016.
Both suffered multiple blunt injuries after the microlight span out of control and crashed in a field.
The inquest jury in Welshpool agreed the plane had a structural failure, but did not know what caused it.
Mr Jefferies, who had previously given flying lessons to One Direction star Harry Styles, was going to Swansea to meet their son.
Image copyright Wales News Service Image caption Harry Styles was a family friend of Nick Jefferies and their daughter Emilie
Rebecca Fleck, whose land the plane crashed on near Builth Wells, said they were out walking when they saw it come down and described it as "having no noise and spinning like a seed".
The Air Accidents Investigation Branch found there was a structural failure in the wing which an expert said was due to an overload or stress.
The jury heard the plane was travelling at 97mph (155km/h) but that increased to 120mph (195km/h) which would have increased the pressure.
Coroner for south and mid Wales Andrew Barkley said Mr Jefferies had been described as a very thorough and conservative pilot.
Mr Jefferies, who owned the Eurostar EV-97 plane, had flown about 350 hours since qualifying in 2014.
The fairytales you grew up reading and watching could soon be expelled from schools – the latest to fall under the gender stereotype hammer.
Australia's Respectful Relationship program argues that some of our most loved classics can create unrealistic standards as well as a “sense of entitlement in boys and lower self-esteem in girls.”
Not even Cinderella's dazzling looks and Rapunzel's glorious hair can save them with those two tales, as well with Snow White, under the spotlight. The program wants these stories to be analyzed in class and compared to modern stories that challenge gender norms. Kids will also be encouraged to let their inner sleuth out as they act as “fairytale detectives” comparing the roles of male and female characters in their favorite stories.
The program was introduced on the advice of the royal commission into family violence and claims children as young as four can show signs of sexist behavior. Yep, you read that right – four! It states the themes of women always being rescued by men enforce the wrong ideas about gender roles. “If a man or woman does not fit this description, they are usually made out to be the ‘baddies' or the villain — like a witch or an evil prince.”
The recommendations don't stop there. The program also wants to open the discussion around statements like “good morning, princess,” “boys don't cry” and “girls can't play with trucks.”
But not everyone's excited about seeing the back of our leading ladies and men. “My concern as an educator is, there is no real balance in the program. It is pushing a cultural left argument,” Australian Catholic University senior research fellow Kevin Donnelly told Yahoo. So, what do you think?
A bill that creates a lane for the prescribing of FDA-approved CBD medicines in Colorado is now on the road to the governor's desk.
Members of the Colorado Senate on Tuesday morning unanimously passed House Bill 1187, which would allow for doctors to prescribe and pharmacies to dispense Epidiolex, which is likely weeks away from becoming the first federally-approved medicine containing plant-derived cannabis compounds.
Epidiolex's maker — Greenwich Biosciences, the U.S. subsidiary of London-based GW Pharmaceuticals — is the primary backer of House Bill 1187. The bill was drafted to address a state statute that prevented pharmacies from dispensing cannabis products.
In the months since its drafting and introduction, the bill was amended to include protections for the existing marijuana and industrial hemp industries, primarily businesses that produce cannabidiol-rich extracts.
This story is developing and will be updated.
It is known to all that the new season of the game show, Kaun Banega Crorepati has got its time slot i.e., 9 pm. The game show will be aired for an hour during weekdays. So, the programmes previous slotted at 9-10 pm will undergo changes.
We had earlier reported that Beyhadh, being a finite series, will soon go off air, while Kuch Rang Pyar Ke Aise Bhi (which airs at 9.30 pm) might be shifted to another time slot to accommodate KBC. But, due to a last minute creative decision, the channel has decided to pull the plug on KRPKAB, while Beyahdh gets an extension!
Why Beyhadh Gets An Extension? A source was quoted by a leading daily as saying, "The programming team decided that Beyhadh had the potential to carry on the story for a couple of months more." Why KRPKAB Is Going Off Air? "And they want to cash on to the new twists that the creatives have planned for Beyhadh. As for Kuch Rang, it had a fruitful run and it only seemed feasable to end it." Kushal Tandon Confirms The Report Kushal took to social media to confirm that the show has been extended on public demand. Beyhadh will be getting a new timeslot, i.e., 10 pm on weekdays. Kushal Tweets… They tweeted, "As the show was goin off air this month end , on public demand d show is on til Oct.from 28aug instead of 9 show will be on at 10.after kbc." Erica Fernandes Meanwhile, Erica Fernandes confirmed that the show is going off air. They added that the show's producer broke the news to the team on August 11, 2017. The team will be shooting their final episode on August 25. Erica Wrote… They shared an emotional message on their social networking account, "All good things must come to a new beginning ! So ..Here we are .. shooting our last few days for a show that was a breath of fresh air , which was so relatable and that not only made our entire unit one big family but also helped us in making a special connection with you guys." KRPKAB Will Be Remembered For Uniqueness! "Apart from my wonderful team i would like to thank each and everyone of you who made this show so special. And may this show always be remembered for this uniqueness. #krpkab." Shaheer Sheikh too, took to Twitter, "How much i m gonna miss dev and the bond I share with everyone on the sets of #KRPKAB."
Are you happy with Sony's decision? Share your views in the comment box below...
A court in Goodsprings, Nevada issued arrest warrants for two suspects accused of abandoning more than 100 dogs in a moving truck last year.
Noela Velasco, an alleged dog breeder, and Kevin MacCormack face 20 charges of animal cruelty in connection with the abandonment of 164 Pomeranians inside of a U-Haul truck in the 3000 block of Tonto Street in Sandy Valley on Nov. 29, 2017. The animals were left without food or water, according to investigators.
"(Velasco) took a trusting animal and tried to profit off of them without any regard for their health," Katrina Concepcion said. Concepcion adopted one of the abandoned pomeranians. "(She) deserves the consequences."
The rescued animals were taken to The Animal Foundation Las Vegas for a 72-hour legal regulation hold during the investigation. The animal foundation confirmed one Pomeranian was euthanized after complications giving birth. All the others have been adopted, according to the foundation.
Velasco is also dealing with county code issues out of California. According to a San Bernardino County spokesperson, Velasco violated multiple county codes in the month of March, including having 18 dogs on their property. They were also cited for other violations including sanitary, drainage, and electric issues on their property.
The spokesperson said Velasco is currently working with code enforcement to resolve the problems.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, Calif., is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack, and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges.
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit:
In their plea, Marquez admits that their friend, Syed Rizwan Farook, paid them for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015. That's when Farook and their wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center. Marquez also admits they conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College (RCC) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California. Those plans never materialized.
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said, "While their earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center."
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it.
They did acknowledge that they were a "straw buyer" when they purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack.
According to a Justice Department statement:
"Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country," said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden. "It is purchases like Marquez's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino. The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form. It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community. In this case, the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack."
Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack, told The Associated Press that Marquez's plea agreement brought mixed emotions:
"It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day," the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said. "I'm relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it." They said they planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact their boyfriend's killing has had on them In their last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding them from the bullets. "It is what it is," they said. "Nothing's going to bring them back."
Marquez is expected to formally enter their guilty pleas Thursday morning.
They have been in custody since they were ordered detained at their initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17, 2015.
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison.
Suicide bombers attacked the main peacekeeping base in Somalia's capital on Monday, killing at least three Somali security officers, police said. Islamist al Shabaab militants, who want to topple the Western-backed government, said they carried out the assault near Mogadishu's main airport, an area used by several embassies, aid groups and telecoms companies. One bomber … Continue reading Suicide Bombers Attack Peacekeepers' Somali HQ, Three Dead
The post Suicide Bombers Attack Peacekeepers' Somali HQ, Three Dead appeared first on Channels Television.
Thalaiva, as Rajinikanth is fondly called by the audiences, is celebrating their birthday today (December 12, 2017). The biggest ever superstar of Indian cinema has a couple of big movie releases in the pipeline and their fans and the entire movie audiences are eagerly awaiting for the grand release of their movies.
One among those movies is Kaala, which marks the second association of Rajinikanth and popular film-maker Pa.Ranjith. Initially, the makers had come up with a couple of posters of the movie, which became a sensation in the online circuits. Now, on the birthday of Rajinikanth, the makers of Kaala have given a big surprise to all of their fans. Keep scrolling down to know more..
FRANKLIN — Members of the Maine State Police Major Crimes Unit and the Evidence Response Team searched the home of a missing Franklin man Monday looking for clues to their disappearance.
State police have joined the investigation into the disappearance of 48-year-old Russell Burnett. Burnett was last seen in the early morning hours of Feb. 21 walking on the Eastbrook Road. They were approximately a half-mile from their home at 323 Eastbrook Road. Burnett was believed to have been wearing a gray ball cap, a maroon sweatshirt, a green or gray colored Carhartt jacket, blue jeans and brown steel-toed work boots.
The Hancock County Sheriff's Office and the Maine Warden Service have been involved in the case since Burnett was reported missing by a relative.
Anyone who may have seen Burnett or has information about where they might be is asked to call state police in Bangor at 973-3700 and ask to speak with Sgt. Darryl Peary.
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
An antibacterial chemical found in thousands of consumer products can harm the guts of mice, according to a new study, raising concerns that it might be making people sick.
Triclosan is a popular additive in many consumer products because it kills bacteria. Since the 1950s, it's been added to hand sanitizers, toothpastes, cookware, gardening tools, clothes, toys, furniture, and even some baby teething products.
In the last decade, the chemical has permeated the broader environment as well in tiny amounts. It's been found in household dust and in US streams and rivers. It's also in people: By 2003, an estimated 75% of the US population carried it around in detectable amounts, according to the CDC.
A raft of studies has suggested that triclosan has unintended effects beyond its antimicrobial properties. For instance, it can make some bacteria grow stronger and harder to kill. Scientists suspect it may also tamper with the immune system, certain hormones, and fertility.
In 2016, the FDA banned triclosan in hand and body washes, explaining that there was not enough evidence that triclosan was safe to use or that washing with regular soap and water was any worse.
The new work, published Wednesday in the journal Science Translational Medicine, shows how the chemical can wreak havoc with the community of bacteria — the “microbiome” — found in the mouse gut, just as the chemical changes the microbiome of fish and rats.
Mice were fed water containing triclosan for three weeks and then compared to a group that hadn't eaten the chemical. The goal was to mirror in mice the blood triclosan levels of people who had used toothpaste containing the chemical for 14 days.
In mice that drank the triclosan-laced water, the scientists found inflammation of the colon akin to that seen in inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), a condition diagnosed in 3 million Americans in 2015. They also showed that mice that already had colon cancer showed a more aggressive form of the disease — with more and larger tumors — when they consumed triclosan.
Gut bacteria, the study found, were key to activating these effects: Mice bred to lack gut bacteria didn't show any inflammation even when they were exposed to triclosan.
“We have very strong data to confirm that gut bacteria is the mechanism to link triclosan exposure to colon inflammation,” Guodong Zhang, assistant professor at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, who led the study, told BuzzFeed News.
The new paper adds to mounting evidence that triclosan is not safe. Although it's too soon to know whether it has the same effects on the human gut, the study makes the case for examining its link to IBD and colon cancer in people.
"I think it's an opportunity to point out that people should be careful,” Rolf Halden, director of Arizona State University's Biodesign Center for Environmental Health Engineering, who was not involved with the study, told BuzzFeed News. Last year, Halden led a group of 200 scientists to publish a statement asking international regulators to ban the chemical in consumer products.
The latest study caps off decades of research listing possible dangers of triclosan exposure in animals and people. Scientists have shown it can cause liver damage in mice, for example, mess with hormones in rats, and alter the microbiomes of fish.
It's been harder to pinpoint whether triclosan at low doses can cause harm in people. Scientists expect it can interact with many biological systems in complex ways, possibly over many years, making its footprint hard to map. Last year, researchers followed 39 new mothers and their infants for 10 months and found higher levels of an antibacterial-resistant species in the guts of participants who used products with triclosan.
Regulation of the chemical falls on both the FDA and the EPA. (The EPA regulates the compound when it is used as a germ killer on furniture or products that don't make health claims relevant to people.)
The FDA proposed banning the chemical in consumer products as early as 1978 but never finalized that rule. In 2010, the National Resources Defense Council (NRDC) sued the FDA to move forward with its intended action, resulting in a settlement and the issuance of its first rules in 2016.
“Triclosan is interacting with the microbiome in a way that is leading to inflammatory bowel disease,” Kristi Pullen Fedinick, a scientist at the NRDC told BuzzFeed News. “They've really gotten close to if not landed on the causal link.” They described the new evidence on colon cancer as “the tip of the iceberg.”
The FDA's ban to excise the chemical from hospital antiseptics will take effect at the end of the year, and the agency intends to ban it from hand sanitizers by 2019.
Some doctors already recommend avoiding products containing the compound.
“Both the FDA ban and this new study indicate that consumers best steer clear of unnecessary and potentially risky antimicrobials unless they are specifically recommended for use by their physicians and dentists,” Halden said.
We all know how big a fan Varun Dhawan is when it comes to WWE, and the Judwaa 2 star got the opportunity to spend time with stars like Triple H, Jinder Mahal and various other wrestlers and hosted the Delhi version of WWE.
Also, Jinder Mahal lost to Triple H but had no qualms of losing and said, "No shame in facing defeat by the greatest of all time." Check out the pictures below...
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration said the government would no longer encourage schools to use race as a factor in the admissions process, rescinding Obama-era guidance meant to promote diversity among students.
The shift announced Tuesday gives colleges the federal government's blessing to leave race out of admissions and enrolment decisions and underscores the contentious politics that for decades have surrounded affirmation action policies, which have repeatedly been challenged before the Supreme Court.
The Obama administration memos encouraging schools to take race into account were among 24 policy documents revoked by the Justice Department for being “unnecessary, outdated, inconsistent with existing law, or otherwise improper.” Attorney General Jeff Sessions called the changes an effort to restore the “rule of law,” though civil rights groups decried the move and some universities said they intended to continue their diversity efforts as before.
The action comes amid a high-profile court fight over Harvard University admissions that has attracted the government's attention, as well as Supreme Court turnover expected to produce a more critical eye toward schools' race-conscious admissions policies.
The court's most recent significant ruling on the subject bolstered colleges' use of race among many factors in the admission process. But the opinion's author, Anthony Kennedy, announced their retirement last week, giving President Donald Trump a chance to replace them with a justice who may be more reliably skeptical of admissions programs that take race and ethnicity into account.
The new policy dramatically departs from the stance of the Obama administration, which said schools could consider race in admissions decisions. In one 2011 policy document, the administration said courts had recognized schools' “compelling interest” in ensuring racially diverse populations on campuses.
“Institutions are not required to implement race-neutral approaches if, in their judgment, the approaches would be unworkable,” the guidance said. “In some cases, race-neutral approaches will be unworkable because they will be ineffective to achieve the diversity the institution seeks.”
That guidance has now been rescinded, as have about a half-dozen similar documents, including some that sought to explain court rulings affirming the use of race to make admissions decisions.
In one such document, the Obama administration stated, “As the Supreme Court has recognized, diversity has benefits for all students, and today's students must be prepared to succeed in a diverse society and an increasingly global workforce.”
The Trump administration's announcement is more in line with Bush-era policy that discouraged affirmative action and instead encouraged the use of race-neutral alternatives, like percentage plans and economic diversity programs.
Though such guidance doesn't have the force of law, schools could presumably use it to defend themselves against lawsuits over admission policies.
The Trump administration's Justice Department had already signalled concern about the use of race in admissions decisions.
The department, for instance, sided this year with Asian-American plaintiffs who contend in a lawsuit against Harvard that the school unlawfully limits how many Asian students are admitted.
Students for Fair Admissions, the group suing Harvard, is led by Ed Blum, a legal strategist who also helped white student Abigail Fisher sue the University of Texas for alleged discrimination in a case that reached the Supreme Court.
Blum said Tuesday the organization “welcomes any governmental actions that will eliminate racial classifications and preferences in college admissions.” Harvard, meanwhile, said it would continue considering race as an admissions factor to create a “diverse campus community where students from all walks of life have the opportunity to learn with and from each other.”
Civil rights groups criticized the Trump administration's announcement, saying it went against decades of court precedent permitting colleges to take race into account.
“We condemn the Department of Education's politically motivated attack on affirmative action and deliberate attempt to discourage colleges and universities from pursuing racial diversity at our nation's colleges and universities,” Kristen Clarke, president and executive director of the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, said in a statement.
Lily Eskelsen Garcia, president of the National Education Association, said “affirmative action has proven to be one of the most effective ways to create diverse and inclusive classrooms.” They said the announcement underscored the stakes surrounding the upcoming Supreme Court appointment.
The high court has been generally accepting of considering race in admissions decisions to achieve diversity. In a 2016 opinion written by Kennedy, the court granted affirmative action policies a victory by permitting race to be among the factors considered in the college admission process.
The ruling bitterly disappointed conservatives who thought Kennedy would be part of a Supreme Court majority to outlaw affirmative action in education. Justice Antonin Scalia died after the court heard arguments in the case but before the decision was handed down.
The new affirmative action guidance may add to an already contentious fight over the next justice.
With Trump expected to announce their nominee next week, the issue should be a central part of any confirmation process, said Howard University law school dean Danielle Holley-Walker.
They called the new guidance “highly unfortunate and counterproductive” and said the decision is another indication that the Justice Department under Sessions is likely to be aggressive toward schools that do continue to factor in race in admissions decisions.
“People have been talking about precedent in regard to Roe. v. Wade” — the landmark 1973 ruling affirming a woman's right to abortion — “but it's important to remember that affirmative action has been a precedent for the past 40 years,” they said. “This is a clear attack on precedent. Any Supreme Court nominee needs to be asked if they support precedent related to affirmative action.”
——
Follow Eric Tucker on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/etuckerAP
——
Associated Press writers Mark Sherman and Jesse Holland in Washington, Collin Binkley in Boston and National Writer Errin Haines Whack in Philadelphia contributed to this report.
NYC-to-Hamptons helicopter service partners with Airbus Blade, the popular Big Apple-to-Hamptons helicopter service, has partnered with France's Airbus Helicopters to fast-track expansion plans. The partnership — along with Airbus' $15 million cash infusion in Blade —...
Blade probes theft of VIP gift bags being sold on eBay The bags feature the company logo and have been gifted to VIP passengers, called “Special Ops fliers."
Uber wants to bring flying cars to New York City Uber is planning to pour millions of dollars into putting fast, quiet and affordable flying cars into operation — and one of its partners aims to make New York City...
Brands are paying to give swag to celebrities Bagfuls of free luxury goodies aren't just for Oscar nominees anymore. Consumer brands are looking to get their products into the hands of the super-rich anyway they can — and...
Go holiday shopping by helicopter Cyber Monday may be over, but heli-holidays are just beginning. After debuting its first-ever chopper to and from Woodbury Common in New York, the chichi helicopter company Blade is set...
Blade gets another big-time backer Blade is picking up some impressive backers along with a growing number of customers. The tech startup, best known for its on-demand helicopter service from New York City to the...
The state's chief procurement officer is defending their action and a Republican lawmaker is calling on Gov. Bruce Rauner to produce proof of their claim that the Democratic state House speaker influenced the voiding of a state no-bid consulting contract.
State Rep. David McSweeney (R- Barrington Hills) said the Republican governor needs to produce evidence that House Speaker Michael Madigan used their clout to get the state's chief procurement officer to void a $12.5 million contract with McKinsey & Co. in connection with oversight of Medicaid services.
“(Rauner) accused the CPO of impropriety, that they were influenced by the Speaker,” McSweeney said during a state hearing last week. “That is a serious charge and we've seen absolutely no proof of that.”
The state representative said that Rauner needs to produce evidence of tampering from Madigan or issue an apology to Ellen Daley, the state's chief procurement officer.
Felicia Norwood, director of the state's Department of Healthcare and Family Services, said during the hearing that they had no comment on McSweeney's call for proof.
They also said they had no comment when McSweeney asked if they thought Daley was an honest person and if they thought the CPO was improperly influenced to void the McKinsey contract.
Rauner said last week that they felt that Madigan had “heavy influence” over Daley's action.
Daley, who was appointed to the post by the independent Executive Ethics Commission, put the nix on the no-bid contract last week, saying that it should have been bid out.
The chief procurement officer said that their action was not politically connected, but taken because the McKinsey contract was not exempt from the Illinois Procurement Code.
“As an employee of the Executive Ethics Commission, I am precluded from making campaign contributions to political parties and to candidates seeking public office,” Daley told Chronicle Media via email. “In discharging my duties as an independent officer to enforce the state's procurement laws, I am neither influenced nor biased by politics. I neither seek nor owe political favor to Gov. Rauner, Speaker Madigan or any other politician.
“My actions related to the voidance of a recent McKinsey contract resulted solely from my determination that the McKinsey contract was for services not exempt from the code.”
While a Daley being linked to Madigan would be nothing new, it was not Democratic clout that got Ellen Daley their post. The Republican governor's own chief legal counsel, Jason Barclay, wrote Chad Fornoff, executive director of the Executive Ethics Commission, recommending that Daley be put in the position.
Barclay put forth “Ellen Daily (sic)” and two other individuals for open procurement office spots in 2015.
“We can give these individuals high marks and recommendations,” Barclay wrote.
Norwood said at Thursday's hearing that the McKinsey contract was exempt from the procurement process, but that managed care organizations competitively bid to be part of the state's Medicaid program.
“I think for the first time we got a deal for the taxpayers,” Norwood said at Thursday's hearing of the state House Human Services Committee.
Norwood said that the competitive bidding by MCOs to be state Medicaid service providers was expected to save the state $200 million.
McSweeney noted that the state's Medicaid program is under a number of consent decrees and asked how important it is for Healthcare and Family Services to get out from under the decrees.
“We spend most of our time trying to make sure we are in compliance with the decrees,” Norwood said. “If you are in compliance, you should get to a point that a consent decree is no longer needed.”
Longtime state Rep. Patti Bellock (R-Hinsdale) said that the Rauner administration has done a good job in addressing the court orders.
“This administration has done more about consent decrees than the last administration,” Bellock said. “This is the first time in my 18 years that I've seen (health agency) silos work together.”
— State procurement officer defends axing consulting contract . —-
Up And Coming International Vacation SpotsThings change fast in the international world of travel. From time to time, there are fairly untouched gems, like Mozambique 15 years ago or Cuba 10 years ago. For very different reasons, Germany, Argentina, the Philippines, and Madagascar are destinations to consider or re-consider for your up-and-coming vacation bucket list.
Wander Minnesota: The Science of PixarThe Science of Pixar at the Science Museum of Minnesota will thrill fans (of all ages) of the legendary animation studio.
Top 5 Vacations For People Who Don't Like Big CitiesGet away from big city life by taking your vacation in five of the best small towns in America
America's 5 Best Rivers For Fly FishingAn introduction to five of America's best fly fishing rivers
South Korean Automobile giant, Kia Motors Corp has disclosed it determination to sell 3.17 million vehicles globally in 2017, the South Korean company said on Monday, up slightly from its 2016 goal of 3.12 million.
The company also said it fell short of its 2016 sales target but did not give details.
Hyundai Motor Co (005380.KS) said earlier on Monday it aims to sell 5.08 million vehicles globally in 2017, up slightly from its 2016 goal.
The post Kia Motors plans to sell 3.17 million vehicles globally in 2017 appeared first on TVCNews: Latest African breaking news, politics, business and sports.
Trade body Ocean Energy Europe (OEE) and monitoring organisation Copernicus Marine Service have entered into a partnership to help wave and tidal companies create export opportunities.
EU-backed Copernicus Marine Service uses the Copernicus satellite network to generate data on seas and oceans.
Related Stories Ocean Energy Europe swells crew
09 Apr 2018
Marine policy head sets out stall
25 Jan 2018 OEE said the three-year partnership will improve access to this data for the ocean energy industry, with a strong focus on export markets.
It will also help inform the next iteration of Copernicus Marine Service for the marine energy sector by leveraging knowledge from the industry, it added.
“Precise data such as current speed is paramount to assessing electricity production and reducing costs,” said OEE chief executive Rémi Gruet.
Image: SXC
Billie Holiday sang in this Upper West Side living room This Manhattan apartment has an impressive musical history, but it won't be available for a song. At 340 Riverside Drive, a nearly 2,000-square-foot corner co-op that's about to hit the...
These are history's hottest messes It's a tale as old as time . . . or at least as old as TMZ. The “celebrity train wreck” is generally a young, beautiful woman who ascends to fame and...
Frank Sinatra's love affair with melodies, mistresses & the mob This Dec. 12, Frank Sinatra would have turned 100 years old. James Kaplan's two-part biography of the legendary singer only seems that long. “The Chairman,” out this week, follows 2010's...
Stop the hologram tribute acts, they're awful Rest in peace? Not while there's money to be made, darling. Mining the music of dead artists has long been a trope of the music industry; it's the downside of...
Icons exhibit defines 'American Cool' The National Portrait Gallery in DC has assembled photos of the country's 100 most iconic personalities for an exhibit titled “American Cool.” “So much of what's written about cool is...
Remember Britain's youngest mum who gave birth at the age of 12 years old? At that time, their name wasn't revealed to protect their identity. They have since grown up and at 23 years old, they now have a fiance and is pregnant with another child. As Tressa Middleton struggled to get pregnant with their fiance, they felt they were being punished for letting their firstborn be taken away and feared they would
Value, like beauty, is often in the eye of the beholder
Every business case for digital investment should include a section that describes, preferably in exquisite detail, the benefits that the organisation can expect in return for investing time, money, many staff members and customer goodwill.
We have all encountered such works of fiction (business cases that is) during our careers. Promises of a capital payback within a short period, or a positive net present value (NPV) or perhaps even a mouth-watering double or even triple digit ROI.
Seeing such promises, governing boards and decision makers then nod approvingly as they comfort themselves that this, usually significant, often risky investment in technology is somehow de-risked because of the predicted financial windfall.
Of course the reality of technology investment is invariably different to this fanciful focus on financial ROI. Part of the reason why digital projects fail is that organisations fail to explore in sufficient detail the actual value from such investments.
Benefits versus value
Many things purport to offer benefits but do those things deliver value? Value, like beauty, is often in the eye of the beholder. Frequently, business cases list benefits that neither staff, customers nor business partners (and other stakeholders) find valuable or desirable.
When investing in technology, organisations need to be realistic about whether or not this is an investment in new capability (i.e. value creation) or it is simply a cost of doing business.
For example, if you are replacing your finance system, human resource system or asset management system, chances are you're not going to yield a positive NPV. Sure, you may well create new efficiencies in processing or yield higher levels of compliance, but be honest about whether these benefits equate to bankable dollars or market differentiation.
For investments that will lead to new value creation, you need to be realistic about the lead time to value realisation. For significant business process transformation involving substantial staff change management, organisations often experience an initial decline in productivity as staff jostle with the new system.
Benefits lifecycle
Genuine benefits (the ones that create value) have their own lifecycle that invariably needs to be managed. This lifecycle begins when benefits are but a twinkle in the eye of the initial investment proposal or feasibility study. It is uncommon for benefits to be well-understood at these early stages of conception.
As the proposal progresses to a fully-fledged business case then the understanding of the benefits should mature to the point where the organisation has confidence that the stated benefits are legitimate and achievable.
Sadly, many organisations appear to forget about benefits once a business case is approved, at least until such time as a post-implementation review is (hopefully) conducted, which is usually accompanied by moderate levels of chaos and confusion as the organisation scrambles to find supporting data.
In my experience, organisations really struggle with managing benefits, sometimes due to a lack of benefits management competency, but generally it is simply due to apathy. This lack of focus on benefits (and what is really important to the organisation) is a common contributor to IT project failure.
Much like a new sapling, benefits need to be nurtured to evolve to their full potential. Recognising the lifecycle of benefits and then actively cultivating benefits requires organisations to establish a benefits management framework. This framework should define the following three important elements involved in benefits management: benefits identification; benefits planning; and benefits monitoring and realisation.
Organisations should recognise that benefits identification is possible throughout the execution of a project and not just during the development of the business case. Similarly, the planning needed to realise a benefit is also able to continue beyond project delivery and well into benefits monitoring and realisation.
Benefits ownership
In my previous CIO article, I spoke about the importance of the project sponsor role. The project sponsor should be the person in the organisation with ultimate accountability for the investment outcomes. It follows then that the project sponsor should be responsible for benefits realisation. In principle, this is of course a totally reasonable expectation; in practice however, such an expectation is problematic.
A better, more pragmatic approach is to assign each significant benefit a ‘benefit owner', that is an individual who is well-positioned in the organisation to champion the benefit on a daily basis. Such an approach requires the benefit owner to be identified and engaged early in the lifecycle of the benefit.
The importance of baselining
An important part of benefits management is the process of defining each benefit during the benefits planning phase. This includes identifying how a benefit will be measured and any dependencies associated with obtaining the necessary data. Once the benefit has been fully described in terms of how it will be measured, it is important to establish a baseline for the measure, i.e. the qualitative or quantitative data that represents the current state of the business before the project is delivered. Unfortunately, this step is often missed and consequently it is difficult to objectively assess the impact of the new system.
Once the definition of each benefit is agreed, establishing a baseline for each measure also has the advantage of validating that the benefit is actually measurable!
Digital investment is not a dark art
Is it even conceivable that an organisation would invest capital in a bricks and mortar type investment without a clear understanding of the value created from that investment? Why then are we so laissez-faire about benefits when it comes to investing in technology?
In reviewing digital governance maturity within organisations, I have found that few businesses have a consistent approach to managing benefits, and consequently, few do it well. Is this because organisations view technology and investment in technology as a dark art?
As technology leaders, it is our responsibility to demystify technology investment. One of the best ways for us to achieve this demystification is to assist business leaders within the organisation to articulate the benefits from technology investment in meaningful terms and to ensure that these benefits can be measured and tracked.
If you would like to know more about benefits management and tracking, please refer to my book on digital governance mentioned below.
In my next article in this series on digital governance, I will be tackling the important issue of strategic planning, including guidance for what to include in your organisation's digital strategy as well as some tips on the process of developing a digital strategy.
Dr Malcolm Thatcher is CEO of Strategance Group – a consulting firm focussing on assisting organisations with Digital Strategy and Governance. Previously, Dr Thatcher has served as CIO for Queensland Health and for the Mater Hospital Group in Brisbane. In early 2018, Dr Thatcher published a new book titled “The Digital Governance Handbook for CEOs and Governing Boards”, available from Amazon and other online outlets.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Like many a recent retiree, Father David Brinkmoeller's agenda includes a Caribbean trip. In their case, it's not a getaway.
Father Brinkmoeller, 71, left Cincinnati for Trinidad so they could spend a few weeks this spring assisting the Living Water Community, a Catholic charismatic missionary group. Living Water's ministries include a hospice, feeding the poor, caring for the elderly, prison visits, refugee assistance, a developmental program for teenage street dwellers, and development of a television and internet catechesis, Father Brinkmoeller said.
Their plan was to help “with many ministries, any way I can,” they said. “If it works, I'll go back for a month or two each year.
“This new chapter in my life is a chance to meet people who are much poorer than I've known. I want to learn what poor people experience about life and love.”
By that they also mean people closer to home “who are poor in different ways.” He'll soon start visiting Ohio inmates on behalf of Kairos Prison Ministry, an international Christian organization. In March, they began an assignment as a volunteer chaplain at Dayton Children's Hospital.
At the hospital, “you see parents and kids so relieved that things worked out, and of course the opposite, the tragic part,” Father Brinkmoeller said. “I don't have any magic. I can't heal. I'm there just to be with them and bring the Lord to them.”
They retired last summer after 45 years as an active priest, the last dozen as pastor of two Dayton parishes, St. Helen and Immaculate Conception. They now live at the Transfiguration Spiritual Center for Renewal in West Milton, along with other retired priests.
Father Brinkmoeller grew up in Cincinnati's Evanston neighborhood. Ordained in 1971, they served as a parish priest for about eight years before starting work with the archdiocese's Office of Priestly Formation. In 1987, they moved to Washington, D.C. to direct the Office of Priestly Life and Ministry for the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops.
They returned in 1992 to become pastor of Ascension Catholic Church, Kettering, then moved to St. Helen's in 2004.
During their pastorship, St. Helen's was among 13 pilot parishes for the local One Faith, One Hope, One Love campaign. Parishioners exceeded their local goal under their leadership.
“I was very committed,” they said. “The fund is very important. I went to Archbishop Schnurr about four years ago saying we have got to do something to help people with school tuition. I'm not saying that's why they did it, just saying that's one reason I was committed to it. I'm very enthused about the fund and especially what it's doing for kids and poor people and the rest.”
They point to the campaign's assistance for Catholic Social Services of the Miami Valley, which has provided Father Brinkmoeller with volunteer opportunities. CSSMV “is so helpful,” they said. “They're developing so many things because of the fund.”
The campaign also helps support retired priests, many of them as active as Father Brinkmoeller.
They still help out at parishes, celebrating Masses and otherwise assisting. But retirement has allowed them to pursue a range of personal interests like gardening.
“Retiring gives me a chance to do those things,” they said. “I'm going to the opera tonight. I didn't have time before. Shakespeare I was always too stupid to understand, so I got some DVDs from the library and I watch the plays over and over.”
As for their various volunteer projects, “I'm trying one thing at a time to see what works out. I'm only retired since July. I'm gradually developing a new life.” They don't wish, however, to give the impression he's still busy as ever.
“I'm so grateful for those 45 years as a parish priest,” they said. “It's such a unique way to live.
“But I'll never let myself get as busy as before. Since retiring, I can't tell you how sweet it is to get enough rest. I'm 71 years old. I'm past the point of solving people's problems. I'm just being present and seeing if God works through that.”.
Video by police and bystanders have opened a window on questionable use of force during an incident last month that resulted in assault charges against three law enforcement officers.
The videos released Wednesday linked to the April 3 incident show a Wake County sheriff's deputy release their police dog on Kyron Dwain Hinton, who was already surrounded by other officers.
Hinton was standing in the middle of Raleigh Boulevard as traffic sped by on the multi-lane road. The 29-year-old man had drawn the attention of passersby who put in a series of calls to emergency dispatchers.
A state highway patrol trooper was the first to arrive on the scene, and video released Wednesday shows the trooper standing close to Hinton as several Raleigh police officers arrive.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The officers from the two agencies talked to Hinton, but did not have any weapons drawn.
Then a Wake County deputy arrives with a police dog.
As the deputy gets close to Hinton, according to the videos, they call out: “Get on the ground now or you're gonna get bit. Get on the ground or you're gonna get bit. Get on the ground or you're gonna get bit.”
The video then shows the deputy strike Hinton, and the deputy is heard saying, "Get him, get him, get him!"
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Dashcam video from Wake deputy Cameron Broadwell's car shows their arrival at the scene where Raleigh police officers are dealing with a man in the street. Broadwell releases their dog on the subject and mentions punching the subject in the face. Wake Sheriff's Office
The deputy, along with about a half-dozen officers, converged on Hinton. The deputy can be heard yelling, "Let go of my dog!" while Hinton cries out.
At one point, one of the officers yells repeatedly, "Get that f---king dog out of here!"
The struggle went on for about five minutes. Afterward, the deputy told the other officers that they gave Hinton a command and "he wouldn't get on the ground." They also said they thought it was a 10-80, police code for a chase in progress.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK A Raleigh Police dashcam video shows Wake County sheriff's deputy Cameron Broadwell and their dog attacking Kyron Dwain Hinton, who was already surrounded by other officers. Raleigh Police Department
The video provided by a passing motorist shows Hinton standing still when the deputy approached with the barking dog.
"I punched them in the face while Loki was biting him," the deputy is heard saying.. "I gave them a chance to get on the ground ... hands up. They were fighting my dog. He's on something."
The deputy's radio was broken during the scuffle and they used another officer's device to call their supervisor.
The deputy told their supervisor that they thought Hinton had a gun and that they had to go back and get the dog out of theirs vehicle.
Since the incident, charges have been filed against Wake County deputy Cameron Broadwell and state Highway Patrol troopers Michael Blake and Tabithia Davis.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Video from a witness and released by Raleigh Police shows an incident between a Raleigh man and law enforcement that resulted in the indictment of three officers - two from the Highway Patrol and one from the Wake Sheriff's Dept. Wake Couny Sheriff's Dept.
The case has highlighted questions about excessive use of force, and a 2-year-old North Carolina law that requires people seeking release of police body camera and dashboard video to make their case before a judge.
Last week, Judge A. Graham Shirley ordered the release of video and audio recordings from the Wake County Sheriff's Department, the Raleigh police department and state troopers in response to a petition from The News & Observer and other media companies.
The Raleigh Police Department issued the following statement Wednesday afternoon:
"As with any situation where a citizen is injured, this matter is of great concern to the Raleigh Police Department. This matter was proactively referred to the Wake County District Attorney's office for independent review. Both the Department and all Raleigh Police Department officers involved in this incident have fully cooperated with the District Attorney's office and the State Bureau of Investigation in the criminal investigation of this incident. The Raleigh Police Department is confident that the judicial process will be thorough and will follow the facts of this case wherever they lead. We will remain cooperative and transparent."
Wake County District Attorney Lorrin Freeman and Diana Powell, executive director of NC Justice Served, have said they know the video will raise questions and cause many in the community to want to have their voices heard.
“I understand that these cases are difficult and expose what can appear to be deep rifts within our community," Freeman said last week after the judge approved the release of the video. "...The question under the law is whether the use of force by the officers who have been charged was excessive in light of all the known circumstances. As District Attorney, I am asking our community to allow the justice system to operate. While we understand and respect that there may be individuals who want their voices heard throughout this process, we pray that such actions be done peaceably.”
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Kyron Dwain Hinton, who suffered dog bites and injuries in an encounter with Wake County sheriff deputies, Raleigh police and N.C. Highway Patrol troopers says a soon-to-be-released police video supports their version of events and "speaks for itself." Scott Sharpe
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Balmoral Resources Ltd. ("Balmoral" or the "Company") (TSX: BAR) ( OTCQX : BALMF) today announced the final results from its 2016 summer/fall drill program on its Detour Gold Trend Project in Quebec. Results were highlighted by the extension of the Bug South gold deposit on the Martiniere Property to a vertical depth of 350 vertical metres with an Upper Bug Zone intercept of 9.16 metres grading 3.51 g/t gold, including 1.36 metres grading 20.30 g/t gold. As well the Company announced its best intercept to date from its Detour East Property, located 40 kilometres to the west, with a near surface intercept of 14.15 metres grading 0.91 g/t gold, including a high grade interval of 1.58 metres grading 5.53 g/t gold from the down-plunge extension of the Lynx Gold Zone.
The winter 2017 drill program on Balmoral's Martiniere Property, home to the Bug Lake and Martiniere West gold deposits, is currently in full swing with two drills active on the Bug South gold deposit. Drilling is anticipated to continue through the end of March.
Martiniere Property - Bug South Gold Deposit
The final holes of the summer/fall program tested the northern margin and central portion of the Bug South gold deposit at depth. Drilling successfully extended the deposit to a vertical depth of 350 metres (hole MDE-16-257; see Table 1 below) and it remains open down-plunge below this level. Hole MDE-16-257 appears to have pierced the zone just beneath the central plunge line of the deposit and successfully extended the deposit beneath a local fault offset observed in earlier drilling. Updated cross-sections for the Bug South deposit and a plan map showing the location of the holes from today's release are available at www.balmoralresources.com
Table 1 - Bug South Gold Deposit
Hole Northing Easting Dip From To Interval* Gold Zone Number (Metres) (Metres) (Metres) (g/t) MDE-16-252 1+15S 2+85W -51 53.50 106.43 52.93 0.70 Upper Bug including 94.78 106.43 11.65 1.67 " which includes 105.43 106.43 1.00 7.53 " 134.00 148.57 14.57 1.18 Lower Bug including 143.75 147.32 3.57 2.68 " MDE-16-253A 2+75S 1+80W -50 138.00 138.52 0.52 5.59 177.49 177.97 0.48 27.60 191.14 209.03 17.89 2.48 HWP including 197.03 208.2 11.17 3.51 " which includes 197.03 199.63 2.60 5.06 " and 203.10 203.93 0.83 12.70 " and 207.26 208.20 0.94 7.96 218.18 230.05 11.87 0.48 Upper Bug including 227.95 230.05 2.10 2.18 " 254.69 264.30 9.61 0.32 Lower Bug MDE-16-254 2+10S 1+05W -51 211.24 229.03 17.79 2.01 221 Zones includes 212.43 215.94 3.51 4.67 " which includes 214.71 215.94 1.23 9.14 " and 224.57 226.97 2.40 6.78 " 309.85 314.92 5.07 0.95 including 312.71 313.57 0.86 4.18 359.43 373.93 14.50 1.28 Upper Bug including 366.99 370.01 3.02 3.87 " MDE-16-255 1+65S 1+05W -51 No Significant Mineralization Bug Lake Zones Disrupted by Faulting MDE-16-257 2+70S 0+35W -51 266.44 266.98 0.54 4.64 221 Zone 442.25 451.41 9.16 3.51 Upper Bug including 450.05 451.41 1.36 20.30 " 468.16 475.50 7.34 2.14 Lower Bug including 472.48 474.23 1.75 8.40 " * Reported drill intercepts are not true widths. At this time there is insufficient data with respect to the shape of the mineralization to calculate true orientations in space. All values presented uncapped.
Drilling on the Bug South gold deposit also continued to better define the high-grade 221 gold zones which occurs in the hanging wall to the Bug South deposit. The 221 Zone appears to be a relatively shallowly dipping (vs. the near vertical dip of the Bug South deposit) zone of quartz-vein hosted gold mineralization.
Detour East Property
The fall 2016 drill program saw the first testing by Balmoral of the Lower Detour-Massicotte Deformation Zone on the Company's Detour East Property. Four of six holes completed on the property tested this 13 kilometre long trend of gold occurrences. The Detour East Property is located at the western end of the Detour Gold Trend Project and sits immediately adjacent to the holdings of Detour Gold along the Ontario-Quebec border.
Drill hole DTE-16-18 tested the down-plunge extension of the Lynx gold zone successfully intersecting the zone over a down-hole width of 14.25 metres. A second interval of gold mineralization was intersected 35 metres below the Lynx Zone (see Table 2 below). Both mineralized intervals remain open for additional testing.
Hole DTE-16-19 was drilled proximal to the historic Rambo Gold Zone. The hole encountered two intervals of anomalous gold mineralization down projected plunge from the Rambo Zone suggesting they may have intersected the marginal phase of the zone.
Balmoral also completed a large induced polarization (I.P.) survey in the northeast corner of the Detour East Property, proximal to the Sunday Lake Deformation Zone which hosts the nearby Detour Gold Mine. Results from that survey will be used for drill targeting during the summer of 2017.
Table 2 - Detour East Highlights
Hole From To Interval* Gold Zone Number (Metres) (Metres) (Metres) (g/t) DTE-16-18 175.80 190.05 14.25 0.91 Lynx including 183.10 184.68 1.58 5.53 " 224.74 228.29 3.55 1.04 " including 226.71 227.46 0.75 3.09 " DTE-16-19 111.01 113.44 2.43 0.41 Rambo 142.54 145.56 3.02 0.43 " * Reported drill intercepts are not true widths. At this time there is insufficient data with respect to the shape of the mineralization to calculate true orientations in space. All values presented uncapped.
Quality Control
Mr. Darin Wagner (P.Geo.), President and CEO of the Company, is the non-independent qualified person for the technical disclosure contained in this news release. Mr. Wagner has supervised the Quebec based work programs on the Martiniere Property since inception, visited the property on multiple occasions, examined the drill core from the holes summarized in this release, discussed, reviewed the results with senior on-site geological staff and reviewed the available analytical and quality control results.
Balmoral has implemented a quality control program for all of its drill programs, to ensure best practice in the sampling and analysis of the drill core, which includes the insertion of blind blanks, duplicates and certified standards into sample stream. NQ sized drill core is saw cut with half of the drill core sampled at intervals based on geological criteria including lithology, visual mineralization and alteration. The remaining half of the core is stored on-site at the Company's Martiniere field camp in Central Quebec. Drill core samples are transported in sealed bags to ALS Minerals' Val d'Or, Quebec analytical facilities. Gold analyses are obtained via industry standard fire assay with atomic absorption finish using 30 g aliquots. For samples returning greater than 5.00 g/t gold follow-up fire assay analysis with a gravimetric finish is completed. The Company has also requested that any samples returning greater than 10.00 g/t gold undergo screen metallic fire assay. Following receipt of assays, visual analysis of mineralized intercepts is conducted and additional analysis may be requested. ALS Minerals is ISO 9001:2008 certified and the Val d'Or facilities are ISO 17025 certified for gold analysis.
About Balmoral Resources Ltd. - www.balmoralresources.com
Balmoral is a well-funded, Canadian-based company actively delineating and expanding a series of high-grade gold deposits on its Martiniere Property located within the prolific Abitibi greenstone belts in Quebec, Canada. The Martiniere Property is just one of several large, highly prospective properties comprising the Company's wholly owned, 1,000 km2 Detour Gold Trend Project. Employing an aggressive, drill focused exploration style in one of the world's preeminent mining jurisdictions, Balmoral is following an established formula with a goal of maximizing shareholder value through discovery and definition of high-grade, Canadian gold and base metal assets.
On behalf of the board of directors of
BALMORAL RESOURCES LTD.
"Darin Wagner"
President and CEO
This press release contains forward-looking statements and forward-looking information (collectively, "forward looking statements") within the meaning of applicable Canadian and United States securities laws. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included herein, including statements regarding the anticipated content, commencement, duration and cost of exploration programs, anticipated exploration program results, the discovery and delineation of mineral deposits/resources/reserves, the timing of the receipt of assay results, the visual continuity of certain mineralized intervals and business and financing plans and trends, the potentially open nature of the mineralized zones on the property and the potential for future discoveries of additional mineralization on the property are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as: believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate, postulate and similar expressions or are those which, by their nature, refer to future events. Although the Company believes that such statements are reasonable, there can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate, and actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. The Company cautions investors that any forward-looking statements by the Company are not guarantees of future performance, and that actual results may differ materially from those in forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from the Company's expectations include those related to weather, equipment and staff availability; performance of third parties; timing of receipt of assay results from third party analytical facilities; risks related to the exploration stage of the Company's projects; market fluctuations in prices for securities of exploration stage companies and in commodity prices; and uncertainties about the availability of additional financing; risks related to the Company's ability to identify one or more economic deposits on the properties, and variations in the nature, quality and quantity of any mineral deposits that may be located on the properties; risks related to the Company's ability to obtain any necessary permits, consents or authorizations required for its activities on the properties; and risks related to the Company's ability to produce minerals from the properties successfully or profitably. Trading in the securities of the Company should be considered highly speculative.All of the Company's public disclosure filings may be accessed via www.sedar.com and readers are urged to review these materials, including the latest technical reports filed with respect to the Company's mineral properties.
This news release contains information with respect to adjacent or similar mineral properties in respect of which the Company has no interest or rights to explore or mine. Readers are cautioned that the Company has no interest in or right to acquire any interest in any such properties, and that mineral deposits on adjacent or similar properties are not indicative of mineral deposits on the Company's properties.
This press release is not, and is not to be construed in any way as, an offer to buy or sell securities in the United States.
I have always heard people complain about the deplorable state of Eleme/ Onne axis of the East/West road. A friend working with an oil services company in Onne cannot stop lamenting the ordeal they and their colleagues pass through daily to go to work and return home. Most of the time they leave the house before 6:00am to be able to navigate the bad road and get to the office in good time. While they are lucky sometimes, they are often caught up in the traffic caused by the terrible roads, making them to arrive late at their work place.
Last week, I had a personal experience of what my friend and other road users go through every day on this road. We were in an Eleme bound bus. It was a smooth journey until we got to Akpajo junction.
Initially we thought it was the usual rush hour traffic but lo and behold! it was a gridlock. The Elelenwo/Akpajo/Eleme/Onne stretch of the East/West road was completely blocked, causing traffic jam for about six hours. Thus we spent over a quarter of the day on a journey of less than 30mins.
It is a shame that an important road as this should be allowed to remain in such a deplorable state year in, year out. This is a road that leads to key companies to the nation's economy. Yet the Federal Government is not bothered that the poor state of the road could lead to poor productivity as immeasurable man-hours are lost in traffic, while the national economy suffers incalculable losses as a result.
But for the prompt intervention of the state governor, Barr. Nyesom Wike, the country would have been today counting their losses as a result of an industrial action embarked upon by the Nigeria Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG), Petroleum Tanker Drivers(PTD) branch, few months ago over the terrible spots of the roads leading to depots and tank farms on the East/West road and Port Harcourt /Aba road.
According to the State Chairman of PTD, Comrade Lucky Etuokwu, the deplorable condition of the roads has led to loss of lives, damages to the drivers' trucks, including loss of products and many more.
Kudos to the governor, who barely 24 hours into the strike, summoned a meeting of the leadership of NUPENG. They nipped the industrial action in the bud and promised to visit the bad roads and commence filling the very bad spots. Recall that that was not the first time tanker drivers and oil company workers were down tooling over the poor state of the road.
According to Etuokwu, their union had repeatedly appealed to the federal government to fix these federal roads, which they described as death traps, all to no avail.
Indeed, the Federal Government has not lived up to expectation on matters of road construction and maintenance. Virtually all the federal roads, all the highways in the country are in sorry state.
From Onitsha/Enugu/Port Harcourt Road to Lagos/Ibadan Expressway, East/West Road to Okene/Lokoja/Abuja Road, the story is the same. Death traps everywhere.
They become more dangerous in the rainy season as vehicles break down; heavy-duty trucks overturn or get stuck in the mud. Criminals also take advantage of the bad sections of the roads to ambush road users plying the routes.
The worst thing is that every year billions of naira is budgeted for road construction and maintenance, yet there is little or no evidence of the money spent. Not even the setting up of the Federal Road Maintenance Agency (FERMA), charged with the responsibility of adequate maintenance of federal roads could help the matter.
Governors, on the other hand, hide under the excuse that the roads belong to the federal government to neglect them. Some of them claim that the huge sum they spent in repairing some portions of Federal roads were not refunded by the federal govrnment, thereby discouraging them from doing more.
On their Eid-el-Fitri message to Muslims a few weeks ago, the former Military President, General Ibrahim Babangida, observed thus: “Even the idea of having federal roads in towns and cities has become outdated and urgently needs revisiting. This means we need to tinker with our constitution to accommodate new thoughts that will strengthen our nationality”.
Similarly, the 36 governors at their monthly National Economic Council (NEC), last Thursday, pleaded with the President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government to hand over federal roads in various states to the state government, saying they would get a strategic plan on how to rescue the dilapidated federal roads.
Perhaps, these pieces of advice should be considered by the authorities. Let the States assume ownership of the roads in them so that the citizens can demand responsibility from their governors on their maintenance.
But the question still remains, since the state governors know the solutions to the poor state of the federal roads, why haven't they applied such solutions to even the worst roads in their various states?
Calista Ezeaku
Image caption The review of services has drawn protests in Withernsea
An East Yorkshire MP has asked to meet health bosses over concerns about changes to services in the county.
The call comes after Withernsea's minor injuries unit was downgraded to an 8 to 8 Centre in April, by Yorkshire Clinical Commissioning Group (CCG).
Graham Stuart MP said: "I am extremely concerned by reports of conflicting referrals, unnecessary delays and long trips for patients."
The NHS said the new centre may not be suitable for every patient.
More stories from East Yorkshire and northern Lincolnshire
The 8 to 8 centre does not take walk-in patients but provides a bookable service for minor injuries in the town.
Patients must ring NHS 111 for advice on where to go for treatment, according to the CCG's website.
Mr Stuart, Conservative MP for Beverley and Holderness, said: "From what I have heard from Withernsea residents and councillors local patients are not seeing the benefits of this service."
It has generated "dozens of complaints", according to a local councillor.
Lyn Healing, a Conservative councillor for South East Holderness who lives in Withernsea, said residents who had contacted them "are all confused, frightened and angry".
The greatest problem was phoning NHS 111 and being diverted to Beverley or the Hull A&E "for a plaster and some antibiotics", they said.
Hull Royal Infirmary is more than 18 miles (29km) from Withernsea.
Carole Wauldby, of Hull City Health Care Partnership, said "What can happen is as the patient is asked questions the answers may identify that they have a higher level of need.
"So where people are saying that the 8 to 8 centre isn't there, it's because it's not suitable for them not that it's not open."
Aishwarya Rajesh Joins The Cast Of Saamy Square
In an exciting development, Aishwarya has been roped in to play a pivotal role in Vikram's Saamy Square. Confirming the good news, the makers released some photos in which they can be seen alongside the actor. As expected, the two make a terrific pair.
They Are Trisha's Replacement
Saamy Square is a sequel to the 2003 action-drama Saamy. The original film had Trisha Krishnan in the lead and did well at the box office. As such, the makers initially roped in the Nayagi star for the sequel as well. However, they walked out of the project citing 'creative differences' with the team. While the makers tried to convince them to return, the lady refused to entertain their plea. Following this, Aishwarya signed the film.
About Saamy Square
Just like the first part, Saamy Square is being directed by Hari and is going to be an action-packed affair. Besides Vikram and Aishwarya, the film also features Bobby Simhaa and actor Keerthy Suresh in the lead.
A Busy Time For Aishwarya
As it so happens, Aishwarya is going through a terrific phase on the professional front. They will soon be seen in Gautam Menon's Dhruva Natchathiram. Incidentally, like Saamy Square the spy-thriller too has Vikram in the lead. The young miss will also be seen in Mani Ratnam's Chekka Chivantha Vaanam. The film is a multi-starrer and will see their act alongside Arvind Swami and Jyothika. They also have the eagerly-awaited Vada Chennai in their kitty. The crime-drama has Dhanush in the lead and is a Vetrimaaran directorial. All in all, the era of the 'Chennai Ponnu' is truly upon us.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. — If no more rain falls before Thursday morning, USGA officials says they'll be looking at a 72-hole U.S. Women's Open that's starting on time on Thursday, and the ball will be played as it lies. It was the first good news offered thus far this week as Shoal Creek has taken on a lot of water since Sunday—4.76 inches, to be exact. The soggy fairways and the muddy shoes of all who walk on the grounds are evidence of it.
But the sun was shining Wednesday afternoon, and there's the promise of 'normal' weather starting Thursday afternoon. (Normal weather here means heat, sun, and the chance of afternoon thunderstorms.) With the much-needed sunshine, the course has already started to dry, albeit slightly.
More importantly, players have been able to finally get on the course to see what it's made of.
After playing nine holes, Danielle Kang came into the press room. If everything starts on schedule on Thursday morning, she'll have yet to see the front nine before teeing it up in the most prestigious event in women's golf. She's one of several players in that position, which, to state the wildly obvious, it's not ideal. But Kang's confident, cavalier personality takes the situation in stride.
"Trey Mullinax walked me through the whole golf course from 1 to 18 on the phone," said Kang, referring to the PGA Tour pro and former University of Alabama golfer. "I feel like I've played it, you know? I have the yardage book. My caddie is stressed out. They haven't walked it. I'm really OK."
"I did all the work I possibly could do," Kang continues. "My game feels really great. I like where I'm at mentally and physically and where my golf game is at. I feel more prepared than ever. That's why I think I'm so kind of relaxed about it."
Kang also points out that when it comes to set up, the USGA is capable of many surprises. They note that you can feel like you know a course, and then be blindsided with the way it is set up.
John Bodenhamer, the Senior Managing Director of Championships and Governance at the USGA, said they have been out walking the course, determining its playability and speaking with players about the course's status. As for a few of the extremely wet areas, Bodenhamer says some of that can be avoided by how the course is set up. They also noted that the greens are in good shape. The sand underneath them has proven pivotal in drainage, plus the SubAir system can get them back to what the USGA officials were originally hoping for in short order.
As for talk of potentially playing lift, clean and place, Bodenhamer doesn't take their answers anywhere hypothetical. "It remains our intention to play 72 holes and to play the ball as it lies," Bodenhamer said. "If we get cooperation from weather, it will keep getting better every day."
Does everyone wish it was going to play firm and fast? Sure. It's the U.S. Women's Open. But the rain and changes in preparation are their own special kind of test for players, demanding a unique level of focus and grit.
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — Jeff Carter's return from ankle surgery has been a big boost for the playoff-hopeful Los Angeles Kings.
Carter scored their second goal of the game with 33.8 seconds left on the clock in overtime and Los Angeles recovered after giving up a two-goal lead to beat the Minnesota Wild 4-3 on Monday night.
“The puck just finds that guy,” said defenseman Drew Doughty, who had three assists. “It's unbelievable. It really is unbelievable. Two big goals again for us tonight. He's scored in almost every game he's been in, I feel like, since they got back. He's a goal scorer. They do it every single night, so they did a great job for us there once again.”
Tanner Pearson and Dustin Brown also scored for the Kings, who pulled into a tie with Anaheim for third place in the Pacific Division with 86 points — and they hold the tiebreaker over the Ducks.
Jonathan Quick made 24 saves for Los Angeles, which appeared headed to a second straight loss until Brown tipped home a point shot from Doughty with 46.5 seconds left in regulation after Minnesota had taken a lead with 2:31 remaining.
“To come back, that's a huge two points for a team that we're quite honestly fighting with for position in the conference,” Kings coach John Stevens said. “It had its ebbs and flows for sure, but I thought the guys showed a lot of professionalism in terms of staying with it.”
Joel Eriksson Ek scored for the first time in 13 games to give the Wild a short-lived lead. Eric Staal added their 39th and Zach Parise had their second goal in three games for Minnesota.
Devan Dubnyk stopped 26 shots for the Wild, who are third in the Central Division, four points ahead of Colorado.
“They need points; so do we,” Staal said. “But when you have that lead with a minute left, you want to be able to execute and get that job done. Tonight, we didn't and they got the extra one in overtime.”
Pearson scored their 15th with 1:13 left in the first and Carter added their first of the game on the power play in the second. Carter has eight goals and two assists in 12 games since returning on Feb. 24 from surgery to repair a tendon in their ankle.
“I've been in the right place at the right time for a lot of my goals,” Carter said.
Parise started Minnesota's comeback with their ninth of the season and Staal tied the game with 56 seconds remaining in the second. Staal has 13 goals in the past 14 games.
“Every point you get right now is great,” Wild coach Bruce Boudreau said. “To get into the next category, the 90 points, is really big. Again, we had the lead with a minute to go and then we didn't do the right things in the overtime.”
NOTES: Los Angeles F Trevor Lewis left the game with an upper body injury and did not return. … Kings D Derek Forbort left the game in the first after they were cut near their ear by Zach Parise's skate but did return in the second. … Per the Elias Sports Bureau, Staal could join Gordie Howe as the only players in NHL history with at least nine seasons between 40-goal campaigns. Staal has their most since scoring 40 in 2008-09. … Los Angeles C Alex Iafallo was scratched for the first time since Jan. 4, a span of 32 games. Andy Andreoff was in the lineup after being scratched 11 games in a row. … Minnesota got three assists from its defensemen. Wild defenseman have now accounted for 36 goals and 142 assists this season. Their 178 points from the blue line is second only to Nashville's 181 this season.
UP NEXT
Kings: At Winnipeg on Tuesday night.
Wild: Are off until hosting Nashville on Saturday.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — A Democratic lawmaker is holding a 24-hour sit-in on the Minnesota House floor to protest the lack of action on gun legislation this year.
Rep. Erin Maye Quade began the protest Tuesday morning. Several Democratic colleagues and one suburban Republican joined at the start to share stories of Minnesotans who were fatally shot.
Maye Quade is a first-term lawmaker from Apple Valley. They hope to call attention to the need for stronger gun restrictions.
Gun laws are under scrutiny nationwide after February's deadly school shooting in Florida. But any changes in Minnesota face have faced stiff resistance from both Republican majorities and rural Democrats.
Maye Quade and others are calling for expanded background checks and a legal way for family members to temporarily restrict a loved one's gun access.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Justice Eberechi Suzzette Nyesom-Wike visited Baby Egba Jeremiah, at the University of Port Harcourt Teaching Hospital on Sunday. Baby Egba Jeremiah is the first baby of the year and was born at 00.50 hours on January 1st 2017. They weighed 2.2kilogrammes at birth. The Rivers First Lady went ahead to give cash and gifts to all the mothers in the maternity ward.
Source; http://www.nationalhelm.net/2017/01/meet-first-baby-born-in-rivers-this-new.html
WASHINGTON — Democratic members of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee are seeking a subpoena for documents concerning the Trump administration's decision to add a citizenship question in the 2020 Census.
Democrats have voiced concerns immigrants will dodge the survey, diluting political representation and reducing federal dollars for some communities.
Democrats seek documents in which some Census Bureau employees raised concerns prior to Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross' decision. The department has briefed lawmakers on the decision and promised some records, but the Democrats say the response is inadequate.
The Democrats are asking Rep. Trey Gowdy of South Carolina, the committee's chairperson, to issue a subpoena or bring the matter before the entire committee if they decline to issue it himself. They say the information is needed before a May committee hearing.
La Bonita Supermarkets announced its plans to host four job fairs at locations throughout the Las Vegas Valley.
A total of about 50 employees are needed to fill various departments in the market including produce, meat, bakery, kitchen and more. Interested applicants can attend the job fairs on Friday, May 11 from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at any of the following locations:
La Bonita #3 2203 Civic Center Dr., N. Las Vegas NV 89030
La Bonita #4 2500 E. Desert Inn Rd., Las Vegas NV 89121
La Bonita #5 4120 S. Rainbow Blvd., Las Vegas NV 89103
La Bonita #6 6000 W. Cheyenne Ave, Las Vegas NV 89108
Applications should be downloaded from La Bonita's website, printed and completed before attending the job fairs. Applicants also need valid identification and health cards to apply.
For more information on available positions, visit www.bonitamarkets.com.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
SAN JOSE — The fifth and final suspect in a deadly gas station shooting from 2016 was captured in Mexico last week, according to San Jose police.
Joseph Duran, 25, of San Jose, was captured in Tijuana on May 21 in connection with a Dec. 18, 2016 shooting that killed 18-year-old Cesar Ponce Chavez at a Mobil station on Winchester Boulevard just north of the Campbell border.
San Jose homicide detectives and the U.S. Marshals Service traveled across the border to arrest Duran, who was initially held in San Diego County jail before being booked at the Santa Clara County jail Wednesday. Duran is being held without bail.
Duran joins four other suspects linked to Chavez's death: Angel SantaCruz, 24, and Jose Alcantar, 21, were charged with murder, and 40-year-old Alicia Vallejo was charged with being an accessory to the crime.
Another suspect, Guillermo Madrigal Cervantes, 21, of San Jose, was already in jail in the June 22 beating death of 42-year-old Rafael Cornejo when they were linked to Chavez's killing, for which Cervantes was charged with murder and an additional gang enhancement charge.
Duran was the second at-large San Jose homicide suspect from 2016 arrested in Mexico within the past two weeks. Joseph Miller was arrested May 10 in Guadalajara on suspicion of murder in connection with a deadly brawl near West Alma Avenue and Mastic Street the evening of Nov. 8, 2016.
“Our investigators are very diligent, and these cases take time and a lot of resources,” Sgt. Enrique Garcia said. “These guys are always working behind the scenes.”
Anyone with information for investigators in the Chavez shooting can contact Detective Sgt. John Barg or Detective Wayne Smith of the SJPD homicide unit at 408-277-5283 or leave a tip with Silicon Valley Crime Stoppers at 408-947-STOP or at svcrimestoppers.org.
CBS4CBS4 is now on CBSMiami.com. It's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out […]
My TV 33My TV33 is on CBSMiami.comIt's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of […]
WQAMMiami's Sports Radio 560 WQAM is South Florida's original sports station. For a quarter century, WQAM has brought the region live coverage of their favorite teams and been home to the most popular and beloved […]
South Florida H.S. SportsSFHSSports is now on CBSMiami.com! We're a part of the CBS Miami family… Visit us at http://miami.cbslocal.com/category/sfhssports . Our “crew” Larry Blustein SFHSSports Senior Writer FloridaKids1@aol.com . We want to hear […]
Stardew Valley for the Nintendo Switch is finally here. That's right, everyone's favorite farm simulator, except for those Harvest Moon diehards, is finally here and it's portable. If you've never played the game before then you're in for a treat if you're a fan of a relaxing yet strangely complex game like this.
If I had to point out a negative in this game it's that it doesn't ever really give you a sense of what the controls are. When I first fired it up, I had no idea what buttons did what or anything of the sort. Naturally, I scrolled through the menus of the pause screen and to my surprise, there was no page for controls anywhere to be found.
After much trial and error, I finally discovered how to use the items on my bar but it shouldn't have come down to that. As it turns out, you might be lucky enough to get a quick snapshot of the controls through a loading screen. Since load screens aren't very common, you might not get the luxury as I did.
It certainly isn't the most intuitive way to get a picture of the controls but it works in this situation. The controls for this game aren't complex by any means but I still found it pretty strange they wouldn't at least included a menu in the game that have this diagram.
Other than this controls snafu, I've been enjoying my time with Stardew Valley on the Nintendo Switch. Something about seeing a pixelated game on my TV brings joy to me. What makes this port better than the others is the option to take it handheld. Since this is just a farming simulator, you don't have to worry about decreased performance when you take it on the go which makes the Switch a perfect home for this title.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to spend a little more time clearing out my farm.
The workhouse has a bad name. People dreaded it. Would you want to go there? No. Nor I.
‘Grim Bastilles of Despair' is a newly published short study by Paschal Mahoney on the Poor Law Union workhouses in Ireland for the Ireland's Great Hunger Museum at Quinnipiac University (writes Mike McKeag for the North of Ireland Family History Society).
The publisher's blurb states: “The folio explores how, despite strong Irish resistance, the British authorities established the Act for the Effectual Relief of the Destitute Poor in Ireland, which was to become one of the most despised Acts ever to come into effect in Ireland. The ideology of segregation and confinement, as well as the traumatic daily experience of the paupers, who had been forced by eviction and starvation to enter these brutal institutions, is described and illustrated with drawings and photographs. The folio also describes the devastating impact of Great Famine and how these flawed institutions imploded under the enormity of this great tragedy, causing almost one-third-of-a-million people to die within their grey stone walls during the Famine years (1846-51).”
It is hard to disagree with that. But does it tell the whole story? Is it entirely fair? Surely one cannot praise workhouses?
Also known as The Poor Relief (Ireland) Act (1838), 130 Poor Law Unions were set up (more were added later), each run by a Board of Guardians. A workhouse to accommodate 800 or so men and women and children was to be built in each Union and a local poor rate levied to pay for this. Most were finished in 1843 but many Unions had difficulty in levying the poor rate. The website http://www.workhouses.org.uk/Ireland/ has a good description of these workhouses and their operation.
What relief was available to the poor before then? Since 1800, when Ireland had begun to be governed from Westminster instead of from Dublin, there had been a lot of ineffectual hand wringing. The responsibility for paupers rested with the parishes. A few of the larger towns had established their own workhouses but these covered only a small proportion of the population.
The Ordnance Survey Memoirs, which were written parish by parish as the Survey worked its way through Ulster, described the provision of relief in each parish. This varied enormously.
Macosquin, for example, complained that “The parish is infested by running beggars from distant parts of the county.” The beggars presumably knew which parishes were relatively wealthy. In next door Aghadowey “There are 30 badged paupers.” and “Badges are of tin with the word ‘Aghadowey' stamped on it.” The rector and elders disburse £36 to paupers of good character; also the rector's family and other families help paupers.
In a parish of about 1,500 people across the Bann “Though it may be said that the Grange of Kildollagh is a poor district, yet there are very few actual paupers … They mutually assist each other and if any individual falls into distress by ill health or widowhood, they or they are prevented by the kindness of friends from adopting this course and, if necessary, a hut is gratuitously built for them. As many potatoes as are necessary are given and occasional employment granted.”
In contrast the Grange of Agivey had been the granary of the monks of the monastery of St Peter and St Paul and was the only parish in Co Londonderry exempt from paying tithe and church cess. Consequently, there was no money to support the church and so it fell into disuse and ruin. There was no dispensary; there were no schools; there was no organised support for the poor. “The farms are very small, ranging from 3 to 10 acres in size.” And many of the houses “are poor and dilapidated and uncomfortable in the interior”.
Outside Ulster, in the poorer regions of Munster and Connaught particularly, and even in Ulster in some parts of west Tyrone, for example, there were many parishes suffering the poverty of Agivey or worse and unable to fund relief. For them the 1838 Act was better than nothing. Had the workhouses not been finished by 1844, what would have happened in 1845 when the potato crop failed and the Great Famine arrived? At least the workhouse provided a roof and a meal. Without the workhouse many, many more would have died in the street. As it is the workhouses were overwhelmed – intended to cope with 1% of the population, by 1851 they were catering for 4%.
Was it enough done for the poor? No. Could more have been done? Once the workhouses were full, the rule banning outdoor-relief was ignored. The problem was paying for it – many Unions were seriously in debt.
Would I have wanted to go into the workhouse? No. Had I been starving, would I have been grateful that the workhouse existed for me? Yes.
Perhaps the title of this article is wrong – maybe it should be In Defence of Workhouses.
NIFHS EVENTS:
The North of Ireland Family History Society's Research Centre, courses and branches, with their meetings, are open to all. See www.nifhs.org
Tuesday, March 28, 10am-12pm, course, £10: Family Tree Maker: Basics and Benefits, at Unit C4, Valley Business Centre, 67 Church Road, Newtownabbey. (Bookings: Education@nifhs.org)
Tuesday 28, 2-8pm, Research Centre open at Valley Business Centre, Newtownabbey. (Queries: nquire@nifhs.org)
Tuesday 28, 7.30pm, talk: A Visit to the Somme and the Ypres Salient, in the CS Lewis Room, Holywood Arches Library, Holywood Road, Belfast. (Queries: Belfast@nifhs.org)
Tuesday 28, 8pm, talk: Adding a Story to your Family Tree, at the Guide Hall, Terrace Row, Coleraine. (Queries: Causeway@nifhs.org)
Thursday 30, 7.15pm, talk: A Tour through Ulster's Graveyards, Michelin Arts Workshop, Braid Arts Centre, Ballymena. (Queries: Ballymena@nifhs.org).
Can Special Courts Help Check Corruption?
The Federal Government, in a recent broadcast by the Acting President, announced plans to designate some specific courts to handle corruption cases as part of judicial reforms to check public and private sector corruption in Nigeria. Given past records where only one ex-Governor has been tried and convicted for corruption among several other cases, do you think these new special courts can ensure effective prosecution and deterrence against looting and corruption in Nigeria?
ABIMBOLA AKOSILE
* No need for Special Courts, the relevant laws and the already existing courts are more than enough. The issue is lack of will to enforce the laws of Nigeria.
– Mr. Utibe Uko, Uyo, Akwa Ibom State
* Special courts? Will they be manned by ‘special' people and not the same ones we already know? What we need is a change of mindset and political will to holistically tackle corruption, not special anything. Corruption thrives because of our present mindset that sees government's money as nobody's money.
– Mr. John Ogunsemore, Lagos State
* It may create more jobs, increase government spending but won't make any difference to the rate of convictions. The problem is not with the tool but the personnel.
– Mrs. Ada Agina-Ude, Gender and Development Action, Surulere, Lagos
* One of the greatest threats against the fight to check corruption is the failure of getting the accused persons indicted. We therefore need to have a special court made up of Judges with integrity to ensure that the citizenry get justice for the embezzlement of their patrimony by charlatans and greedy people. This will be the revolution we need to move the course of justice forward.
– Prof. Kate Nwufo, mni, Abuja
* We do not need special courts as our resources are already depleted. Why waste more on a wild goose chase?
– Ms Nkeiruka Abanna, Lagos
* Special courts certainly can. They can provide speedier trials and save costs. However, it may not be very useful in loot recovery as all the regular convictions we have had so far have not included recovery of stolen funds. Only through seizures or plea bargaining has loot been recovered. As far as prevention is concerned, even the maximum sentence allowed for corruption cases is not enough of a deterrent for Nigerians. The only language we understand is that of preventing the crime before it happens, and blocking of leakages is our safest bet.
– Mr. Buga Dunj Jos, Plateau State
* There is no policy without its flaws, let it be done!
– Mr. Bankole Kupolokun, Lagos State
* Yes, the Federal Government's honest decision to designate some specific courts to handle corruption cases in Nigeria will spur judicial reforms and ensure effective prosecution and deter all looters. A combination of the special courts and the implementation of the mutual legal assistance bill passed recently by the House will aptly ground corruption especially with the spate of our current political will. Nigerians are glad.
– Miss Apeji Patience Eneyeme, Badagry, Lagos State
* We need judicial reforms before the special courts for corruption. The judicial arm of government is under-staffed, poorly motivated, poorly equipped, and judges are now into self-help. Without these reforms, no special court will make the required difference.
– Mr. Ikpa Matthew, Asokoro, Abuja
* No, special courts cannot check corruption in Nigeria. The judiciary has deeply compromised their integrity and they sell justice to only highest bidders. The poor face jungle justice and the jurors and lawyers suddenly get rich and flaunt such injustice publicly. No tangible result therefrom but colossal waste, polluted system, poverty and grave insecurity as usual.
– Mr. Apeji Onesi, Lagos State
* Who are to man the special courts; angels from heaven? As far as Nigerians are concerned, it is only God that would help us check corruption and doing Theirs will greatly help us eradicate corruption.
– Hon. Babale Maiungwa, U/Romi, Kaduna
* At the end of the day, they will set up a committee, just like Oputa Panel, appoint the same lawyers that have been unable to effectively discharge their duties. No need, waste of time, money and energy; please scrap it.
– Mr. Adegun Abiodun Mathew, Lagos State
* The battle against corruption is one this country has to fight to a standstill and it should be all-encompassing. However, the issue of special courts is a delicate one. Why don't we just re-jig what we already have, like the EFCC, for instance? Do we need to tinker with the Act establishing it to give it sharper teeth? We spend too much money paying salaries in this country – special courts to fight corruption will have to be staffed. This'll drain more money.
– Mr. E. Iheanyi Chukwudi, B.A.R., Apo, Abuja
* Special courts will alleviate or wipe corruption out, if some retired judges with track records are appointed with a time-frame in which to dispense each case; especially the ones since the inception of this administration. As it was said, “justice delayed is justice denied”.
– Mr. Dogo Stephen, Kaduna State
* Corruption is not the problem of Nigeria but leadership. We need leaders that will strengthen our institutions. Special courts will only enhance the process by reducing the long years spent in concluding one case; after all the judges will not come from the moon or heaven but from the system. Fighting corruption depends on our laws and institutions.
– Mr. Egbuna Nduanya, political scientist and Analyst, Enugu State
* It is a welcome development if there are specific courts for alleged corrupt individuals to be prosecuted. But the courts should avoid selective prosecution.
– Mr. Yusuf M.B.O, Nda Aliu, Kwara State
* There is no need of designating some specific courts to check and handle corruption in Nigeria. There is need to strengthen the existing structure and institutions that provide the enabling environment to make courts to perform their functions accurately. The Federal Government should also develop the strong political will and be honesty in fighting corruption.
– Mr. Michael Adedotun Oke, Founder Michael Adedotun Oke Foundation, Abuja
* In Nigeria where corruption is tried from opposition camp? We are waiting to see if this is another means of witch hunt.
– Mr. Aregbesola Abiodun, Lagos State
* Although it is hard to find integrity in the judicial system nowadays, special courts can really make a difference in curbing corruption in Nigeria. The selected judges will be under constant public scrutiny and they will strive to justify the confidence reposed in them, and ensure convictions that can stand appeal and higher decisions. However, there must be strict checks and balances in the appointment of such judges, to check undue influence by corrupt persons.
– Mr. Olumuyiwa Olorunsomo, Lagos State
THE FEEDBACK
Yes, they can: 6
No, they cannot: 5
Others: 8
Radical tip: Sincere leaders!
Total no of respondents: 19
Male: 15
Female: 4
Highest location: Lagos (9)
Next Week: Can Regional Autonomy Prevent Nigeria's Breakup?
Although personalities have been calling for restructuring of Nigeria, recent calls for separation by various ethnic groups and regions present a present danger to the country's existence as a single corporate entity. In your view, can regional autonomy – where regions are strengthened to harness comparative advantages to develop themselves and only contribute to the centre – help avert a collapse of the current federal structure?
Please make your response direct, short and simple, and state your full name, title, organisation, and location. Responses should be sent between today (June 15 & Monday, June 19) to abimbolayi@yahoo.com, greatbimbo@gmail.com, AND abimbola.akosile@thisdaylive.com. Respondents can also send a short text message to 08023117639 and/or 08188361766 and/or 08114495306. Collated responses will be published on Thursday, June 22
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Revathy Defends Manju Warrier's Silence
While speaking on the matter, Revathy said that Manju has decided against commenting on Dileep's return to AMMA as they have a 'personal connection' with the whole controversy.
"Manju has decided to stay away from all this for now. They have a personal connection to the entire issue and it's their right to keep away from the row," they added.
Manju Has Spoken About The Actress Assault Case In The Past
While Manju has decided against commenting on the AMMA issue, the fact remains that they are quite outspoken and has been a pillar of support for the attacked actor for some time. Last February, they had asked AMMA to ensure that justice prevails and hinted at a conspiracy behind the attack.
They Have Spoken In Favour Of Dileep As Well
Last year, Manju had spoken in favour of Dileep's Ramleela and criticised those who were asking for a ban on the film. They had also made it clear that there is no place for such things in a civilised society.
To Conclude..
There's no denying that Dileep's return to AMMA has taken a toll on the organisation's reputation. The Kannada Film Industry recently commented on the controversy and asked AMMA to re-consider the decision to take back Dileep. KFI's actions indicate that this is no longer something that concerns only Mollywood. As such, it will not be too surprising if Manju is ultimately forced to comment on the matter.
Gunmen stormed an upscale cafe overnight in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, strafing the building with bullets and barricading themselves inside for hours. By the time security forces reclaimed the restaurant around dawn Monday, at least 18 people had been killed and eight others wounded, according to local authorities.
The West African nation's communications minister, Remis Dandjinou, told reporters Monday that by daybreak, two of the attackers had been killed and several foreign nationals were among the dead. In separate statements, officials in Paris and Ankara confirmed the victims include a French citizen and Turkish citizen, while another Turk was injured in the violence.
While Burkinabe officials blamed Islamist militants for the attack on the Turkish cafe, no one group immediately claimed responsibility.
"I salute the bravery of our security and defense forces whose engagement allowed us to neutralize the terrorists," Burkinabe President Roch Marc Christian Kabore said in a statement, as translated by CNN.
"The struggle against terrorism is a lengthy fight," they added. "That is why I am calling for vigilance, solidarity and unity of the whole nation to face up to the cowardice of our enemies."
In a news conference Monday, Dandjinou detailed the night's bloody events, which opened when they say about three to four militants rolled up to the cafe on motorcycles around 9 p.m. local time. They opened fire on an outside seating area outside then moved indoors, where The New York Times notes a family had been celebrating a 9-year-old boy's birthday.
The newspaper reports the boy was hospitalized with injuries from the attack.
For Burkinabes, the attack on Aziz Istanbul cafe, which is popular with foreigners, prompts bitter memories of another bloody episode just over 18 months ago. In January last year, militants conducted an hours-long raid on a luxury hotel and a cafe just blocks away from Aziz Istanbul, ultimately killing some 30 people before being dislodged by security forces.
Al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb, a militant group based in the region, claimed responsibility for that attack — as well as another deadly assault just months before in neighboring Mali.
Islamist groups have been active for years in the Sahel region, which includes Mali and Burkina Faso. As groups linked to al-Qaida have carried out attacks in the area, the Times points out that the United Nations peacekeeping mission to Mali "has become one of the most dangerous in the world."
The French government — which controlled Burkina Faso, then called Upper Volta, as a colony until 1960 — says President Emmanuel Macron met with Kabore on Monday to discuss the circumstances of the latest attack.
The pair of leaders also reaffirmed their commitment to the formation of an international security force in the Sahel region to "continue the fight against terrorist groups."
Police tape cordons off the scene of an early morning shooting in Alexandria, Virginia; BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images(ALEXANDRIA, Va.) — Rep. Steve Scalise, R-La., the House majority whip, is in critical condition, hospital officials said Wednesday afternoon, after they and four others were shot by a gunman who opened fire on members of Congress practicing for a charity baseball game in Alexandria, Virginia, Wednesday morning.
Scalise, a lobbyist, a congressional staffer and two Capitol Police officers were injured. The suspect died from their injuries sustained in the shooting, President Donald Trump said in their remarks Wednesday morning.
Scalise's office said they were shot in the hip and underwent surgery.
“Prior to entering surgery, the Whip was in good spirits and spoke to their wife by phone,” their office said in a statement. “He is grateful for the brave actions of U.S. Capitol Police, first responders, and colleagues. We ask that you keep the Whip and others harmed in this incident in your thoughts and prayers.”
Multiple law enforcement sources identified the suspected shooter as 66-year-old James Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois. Their wife told ABC News they have been living in Alexandria, Virginia, for the past two months, but had not been working and was expected to return to Illinois in the coming days.
The shooting took place around 7 a.m. at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park in Alexandria, about seven miles away from the White House in Washington, D.C., where a number of lawmakers were practicing for the annual charity congressional baseball game set for Thursday. Only Republicans were at this practice; Democrats practiced earlier in the morning.
Zack Barth, a legislative correspondent working for Texas Rep. Roger Williams, was among those shot, according to a statement from Williams. Barth is receiving medical attention and is expected to make a full recovery, Williams said.
Williams' office said the Republican baseball team holds practice every morning at 6:30 a.m. ET at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park and that Williams is the team's coach.
Matt Mika, who works as a lobbyist for Tyson Foods, was also injured. A Tyson Foods spokesperson said in a statement that Mika, director of government relations for its Washington, D.C., office, was hospitalized, adding, “We're awaiting word on their condition. Matt has worked for Tyson Foods for more than six years and we're deeply concerned about them and their family.”
Mika previously worked for Rep. Tim Walberg, R-Mich., and remains “a close friend” of his, according to a statement from Walberg.
“As a former baseball player, they were volunteering at this morning's practice to help the congressional team get ready for the game,” Walberg said in a statement. “This is deeply personal and Sue and I are praying for Matt as they receive medical attention.”
The two Capitol Police officers who were injured have been identified as David Bailey and Krystal Griner, according to House Speaker Paul Ryan.
“I spoke with special agent Bailey and special agent Greiner this morning. One was being treated and one was about to go into surgery,” Ryan said. “It is clear to me based on various eyewitness accounts that without these two heroes, Agent Bailey and Agent Griner, many lives would have been lost.”
Rep. Mo Brooks, R-Ala., told CNN, “I was on deck about to hit batting practice on the third base side and I hear, ‘Bam.' And I look around and behind third base … I see a rifle. and I see a little bit of a body.”
“At the same time I hear Steve Scalise over near second base scream,” Brooks added. “He was shot.”
Brooks said they took off their belt and they and another member of congress applied a tourniquet to try to slow the bleeding.
Brooks said a security detail returned fire at the active shooter. Brooks estimated that 50 to 100 shots were fired.
At least 21 members of Congress were at Wednesday morning's baseball practice, including Scalise and two U.S. senators. Staffers and family members were also there; Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, said their two sons were in attendance, including their 11-year-old son. All members of the GOP baseball team have been accounted for.
Barton said in a statement, “The suspect was shooting at members and staff on the field. Officers of the Capitol Police returned fire and ran toward the shooter, risking their lives while saving others. The incident lasted for approximately 10 minutes.”
Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., told ABC News they were in the batting cage when they heard an isolated gunshot.
Then “a burst of gunfire” erupted, Paul said. “At that point, people were dropping. Scalise was shot around second base and they crawled a little bit into the outfield,” they explained.
Paul said Scalise's security detail exchanged fire with the active shooter.
“These guys were real heroes and I think without them everybody probably would have been killed,” Paul said. “Steve Scalise is in leadership and that's the only reason there was security detail there at all. I'm sad that they were shot but they actually saved everybody's life by being there.”
Rep. Brad Wenstrup, R-Ohio, an Iraq War veteran, told Fox News that once the shooting stopped they administered aid to Scalise, putting a compression on their wound.
“I felt I was back in Iraq but without my weapon,” they told Fox News.
Wenstrup said Scalise “was as brave as they could possibly be. They said, ‘I'm thirsty.' Obviously, you don't know how much fluid they may be losing internally.”
Rep. Rodney Davis, R-Ill., told ABC News they saw “the bravery of the two capitol police officers that engaged the shooter that saved the lives of every single person there. … Without them there, this would have been a massacre.”
Davis said their message to the shooter is, “We are the greatest country in the history of the world. We have freedoms that many on this globe wish they would have, and you took those freedoms and tried to take lives. And you didn't succeed, and there is a warm place in hell for you, too.”
Some other lawmakers in attendance were: Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz.; Rep. Ron DeSantis, R-Fla.; and Rep. Chuck Fleischmann, R-Tenn.
At a news conference Wednesday morning, Alexandria Police Chief Mike Brown assured residents that the community is safe.
The FBI is leading the investigation and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives is conducting traces on one rifle and one handgun taken from the scene.
In an on-camera statement, Trump spoke directly to Scalise, saying, “Steve, I want you to know that you have the prayers, not only of the entire city behind you, but of an entire nation and frankly, the entire world.”
Trump added, “We may have our differences, but we do well in times like these to remember that everyone who serves in our nation's capital is here because above all, they love our country.”
Both Trump and Vice President Mike Pence canceled their scheduled speeches for Wednesday.
Scalise's office said no votes are expected in the House Wednesday.
Ryan said on the House floor Wednesday afternoon, “We are united in our shock. We are united in our anguish and attack on one of us is an attack on all of us.”
Rep. Ruben Kihuen, D-Nev., tweeted a photo of Democrats praying for their Republican baseball colleagues.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., said Wednesday morning, “We're deeply saddened. We're all concerned for those injured. We'll keep them in our prayers and send them our wish for a quick and full recovery.”
They added, “The congressional baseball game is a bipartisan charity event. I know the Senate will embrace that today as we come together to express our concern and our gratitude.”
The game will go on Thursday evening as planned at Nationals Park.
Rep. Eric Swalwell, D-Calif., tweeted, “We will play for charity, but also for the victims & the heroic officers who took down the shooter.”
Former member of Congress Gabrielle Giffords, who was shot in 2011, said in a statement Wednesday, “It doesn't matter if you're a Democrat or a Republican, nor if you're a senator or a representative, nor a staffer or a sworn officer. If you serve the institution of Congress, you're connected to your colleagues, current and former, by a shared sense of service to ideals far greater than yourself. This shooting is an attack on all who serve and on all who participate in our democracy.”
“I am heartbroken for the pain of Congressman Scalise, the other victims, and their family, friends, and colleagues who survived. I am thankful for the great courage of the Capitol Police, who were my protectors after I was shot and became my friends. I also know the courage it takes to recover from a shooting like this, and I know Steve and everyone there this morning has such courage in great supply,” Giffords said. “May all Americans come together today with prayers for the survivors, love for their friends and family, and the courage to go about everyday making this country its best. Our nation is resilient, and we always come back stronger.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
AOL announced today that their instant messenger service is shutting down for good. Effective December 17 you will no longer be able to use the service.
All good things come to an end. On Dec 15, we'll bid farewell to AIM. Thank you to all our users! #AIMemories https://t.co/b6cjR2tSuU pic.twitter.com/V09Fl7EPMx — AIM (@aim) October 6, 2017
In a statement released on tumblr by Michael Albers, the VP of Communications Product at Oath, the company reminisced on old times while looking forward to new ones.
If you were a 90's kid, chances are there was a point in time when AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) was a huge part of your life. You likely remember the CD, your first screenname, your carefully curated away messages, and how you organized your buddy lists. Right now you might be reminiscing about how you had to compete for time on the home computer in order to chat with friends outside of school. You might also remember how characters throughout pop culture from “You've Got Mail” to “Sex and the City” used AIM to help navigate their relationships. In the late 1990's, the world had never seen anything like it. And it captivated all of us.
This is likely to start a wave of nostalgia for '90s kids. People on Twitter are already disappointed about the news:
I guess I am going back to ICQ pic.twitter.com/VWqS2gfIUX — Will Moeller (@WillMoeller) October 6, 2017
In the release, the company thanked users and asked that they stayed tune to look for new AIM products.
AIM has been around since the late 1990s and was the leading instant messaging application through the early 2000s. AOL cut off access from third-party chat clients in March, hinting at this shutdown. Text messaging could be to blame for the decline of instant messaging services, and it's likely that social apps like Facebook messenger, WhatsApp and Snapchat have finalized the decline.
MSN Messenger shut down in 2014 and Yahoo Messenger followed their lead last year, later launching a new messenger under the same name.
Worried about your AIM email? See if you can still use it here:
Uber has long resisted public pressure to add the ability for riders to tip drivers through its app. In New York City, it may soon not have much of a choice. On Monday, regulators in New York City said they plan to begin writing a rule that would require the ride-hail giant to offer an in-app tipping option.
Drivers have extensively campaigned for the option, rating the issue as their top concern in a survey last summer conducted by the Independent Drivers Guild, a non-union worker body backed by Uber and affiliated with the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. Now, the Taxi and Limousine Commission says it will begin writing the rule, which is "just one piece of a more comprehensive effort to improve the economic well-being of drivers," TLC Commissioner Meera Joshi said in a news release. It plans to introduce the proposal by July or earlier.
“We have not seen the proposal and look forward to reviewing it," an Uber spokesperson said in a statement. When asked if the company would consider expanding a tipping option to all its markets if it were required to introduce it in New York, the spokesperson declined to comment.
Lyft, Uber's biggest competitor in the US, already offers passengers the option to tip drivers through its app. Juno, an Uber competitor in NYC that said it had given 1 million rides as of August 2016 after a beta launch three months earlier, also lets riders tip within the app. And of course, people who ride in taxis can tip with their credit cards or cash.
Uber has notably avoided adding an in-app tipping option, despite moves by its competitors. For example, it added the ability for riders to offer "compliments" to drivers in November 2016 – a move that was criticized by some, who said "compliments don't pay the bills." It says riders are free to offer cash tips, but notes on its website that "Uber is a cashless experience. Tipping is voluntary."
The rule will require Uber to "conform to industry standards," according to Jim Conigliaro, Jr, founder of the Independent Drivers Guild. The guild said more than 11,000 supporters signed the tipping option petition, and 55 members attended a TLC hearing on April 6, where they testified in favor of creating a rule to force Uber to add the ability for riders to tip within the app.
In January, Uber paid the Federal Trade Commission $20 million to settle claims that it misled drivers about pay. The ride-hail giant claimed drivers in New York made more than $90,000 a year, but the agency found the median income of drivers there is $29,000 less than that. In three major US markets — Denver, Detroit, and Houston — Uber drivers earned less than $13.25 an hour after expenses in late 2015, BuzzFeed News reported last year.
Conigliaro, Jr. said on a call with press that the in-app change would provide much-needed income for drivers, at a time of fluctuating rates. They said the ride-hail giant – which has said passengers are free to tip with cash – cannot expect customers to do so every time they hail Ubers.
"It's not how people operate anymore," they said.
By Kelly Terez
Dan Kitwood/Getty Images(NEW YORK) — With millions purchasing protective eyewear ahead of the Aug. 21 solar eclipse, Amazon is working to remove potentially counterfeit glasses from its marketplace and issue refunds to those who have already bought them online.
A company spokesperson told ABC News in a statement overnight that it asked third-party sellers offering solar eclipse glasses to provide documentation to verify that their “products were compliant with relevant safety standards.”
“The offers from sellers who provided this safety documentation remain available to customers,” the spokesperson said.
Sellers who did not provide documentation for their listings have been removed from the site. Amazon did not name any of those listings or specific brands in its statement.
Amazon confirmed that it issued refunds to some customers who purchased glasses that may not meet industry standards.
Last week, Fred Espenak, retired NASA astrophysicist and photographer, told ABC News that they have heard rumors of counterfeit glasses being sold online.
Espenak, NASA and the American Astronomical Society (AAS) suggest that consumers purchase off the AAS's approved list of companies that manufacture and/or sell eclipse glasses and handheld solar viewers, which have been verified by an accredited testing laboratory to meet the ISO 12312-2 international safety standard.
“They've been put through a testing procedure to demonstrate that they're dark enough to prevent visible as well as ultraviolet and infrared light from passing through it,” Espenak said.
Some companies are placing an ISO label on their counterfeit glasses, which is why following the list of manufacturers is a surefire way to know you're being safe, according to the AAS.
Here is a growing list from the AAS of approved companies that manufacture and/or sell glasses through vendors and retailers.
American Paper Optics (Eclipser) / EclipseGlasses.com / 3dglassesonline.com
APM Telescopes (Sunfilter Glasses)
Baader Planetarium (AstroSolar Silver/Gold Film)
Celestron (EclipSmart Glasses & Viewers)
Daylight Sky (plastic glasses only)
DayStar (Solar Glasses)
Explore Scientific (Solar Eclipse Sun Catcher Glasses)
Halo Solar Eclipse Spectacles
Lunt Solar Systems (SUNsafe SUNglasses)
Meade Instruments (EclipseView Glasses & Viewers)
Rainbow Symphony (Eclipse Shades)
Seymour Solar (Helios Glasses)
Thousand Oaks Optical (Silver-Black Polymer & SolarLite)
TSE 17 (Solar Filter Foil)
The AAS says on its website that just because they do not list a supplier, that does not indicate that “their products are unsafe,” but rather that the AAS does not yet have the knowledge of that particular seller or that they have not verified the brand is safe.
The consequence of wearing glasses that aren't specially made to deal with the visible light from a solar eclipse and invisible radiation could be “serious eye injury, perhaps even blindness,” according to the AAS, which also noted that special-purpose solar filters are many thousands of times darker than ordinary sunglasses.
Read more on how to avoid buying counterfeit glasses ahead of the Aug. 21 solar eclipse here.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Business News
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
HOUSTON (CBSMiami/SportsDirect) – You better believe the Miami Heat are looking at Wednesday's game as must-win.
The Heat stunned the NBA with a 13-game winning streak that brought them back into contention for a top eight spot in the Eastern Conference, but the hole they started in was big enough that they need to avoid any kind of losing skid.
The Heat will try to avoid going into the All-Star break with three straight losses when they visit the surging Houston Rockets on Wednesday.
Miami was 11-30 before ripping off its winning streak but endured a letdown in the last two games with losses to sub-.500 foes Philadelphia and Orlando.
“We are a lunch pail, hard-hat team,” Heat coach Erik Spoelstra told reporters after Monday's 116-107 home loss to Orlando. “I wish there was another way we could win. That's just not the formula for this group. It's not a successful formula for us to give up 116 points. … There were too many pockets we didn't play to our identity with great effort, physicality.”
Miami needs to find some toughness on the defensive end against the Rockets, who won their last four games and blasted Phoenix 133-102 on Saturday.
“It's good for us,” All-Star guard James Harden told reporters after leading Houston to the win. “We got one more game before the break, and we want to finish up strong. We get a couple of days of rest and ready for the last push and the postseason.”
TV: 8 p.m. ET, FSN Sun (Miami), ROOT (Houston)
ABOUT THE HEAT (24-32): Miami's winning streak included a 109-103 triumph at home over Houston on Jan. 17 in which it held the Rockets to 9-of-39 from 3-point range, and shooting guard Dion Waiters sees the defense as a team effort.
“You've got to help other guys,” Waiters told reporters. “Five people have got to help everyone out there. Simple as that. It's not about stopping guys individually. You need everybody on a string.”
Miami was outrebounded 61-42 on Monday and allowed Orlando to shoot 48.9 percent from the floor.
ABOUT THE ROCKETS (40-17): Houston was also pointing to defense as the key after holding the Suns to 39.4 percent shooting on Saturday, and Harden is buying in on that end of the floor.
“We're in a good place, I like our defensive effort,” Harden told ESPN.com. “I think that's really important. We score, we can score the ball at a high level. Defensively, we're locked in, and we're helping each other out. We're communicating, and we've gotten better and we'll continue to grow and get better. And ultimately, if we want to get to where we want to go, that's going to have to be at a high level.”
Harden is playing at a high level on the other end of the floor as well and scored at least 40 points in three of the last five games.
BUZZER BEATERS
Rockets reserve SG Eric Gordon (back) missed the last two games but could return Wednesday. Miami C Hassan Whiteside pulled down 19 rebounds in each of the last two games. The home team took each of the last four in the series.
(TM and © Copyright 2017 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Sports Direct Inc. contributed to this report.)
Priya Varrier's Special Wishes
Roshan, the young actor celebrated their birthday yesterday (April 23, 2018). Priya Varrier took to their official Instagram page to send out their special birthday wishes to Roshan, their co-star in Oru Adaar Love. They also posted a photo featuring themselves and Roshan that was taken during a media interaction.
Priya Varrier & Roshan – The Celebrated Pair
Well, both Priya Varrier & Roshan are newcomers and they are putting their big step forward into the industry with Omar Lulu's Oru Adaar Love and even before the big arrival of the film into the theatres, both of them have enjoyed a star stature. The newcomers turned out to become a much celebrated pair, a phenomenon that is not so common with Malayalam movies of youngsters.
Image Courtesy: Facebook Page Of Priya Varrier
Omar Lulu, Priya Varrier & Roshan
Well, the audiences are eagerly awaiting for Omar Lulu's big movie, which is sure to create some wonders at the box office. Most recently, Priya Varrier took to Facebook to post a picture featuring herself, Roshan and Omar Lulu. The makers are yet to make an official confirmation regarding the exact release date of the movie. Reportedly, the dubbed version of the film will make a simultaneous release.
Priya Varrier's Popularity...
Meanwhile, one just need to visit Priya Varrier's Instagram profile to measure the magnitude of popularity and Priya Varrier has achieved within a short span of time. Now, their Instagram profile has above 5.8 Million followers and is the most followed Malayalam movie artists on Instagram. Most recently, Priya Varrier too, made their big debut into commercials as the actor featured in the latest advertisement of Nestle Munch.
Police block an area of Cypress Trail and Coran Lane, just off Rancho Drive, after a homicide on June 6, 2017. (Luis Marquez/FOX5)
Police arrested two suspects Wednesday from an execution-style homicide that happened June 5.
Las Vegas Metro police were called to the area of Coran Lane and Cypress Trail, which is south of Rancho Drive and Lake Mead Boulevard, at about 11:30 p.m. on June 5.
According to Lt. Dan McGrath, of Metro's Homicide Section, a man, later identified as 65-year-old Jerry Lee Moore was found face down in the street and handcuffed from behind. Police said the man appeared to have suffered a gunshot wound to the head.
"I would call this an execution," McGrath said. "He's handcuffed. Doesn't look like much sign of a struggle."
Police also noted no one in the area called them regarding a gunshot.
Stay with FOX5 and fox5vegas.com for updates.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Boston Red Sox closer Craig Kimbrel celebrates with manager Alex Cora after they defeated the Toronto Blue Jays in a baseball game at Fenway Park, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Boston. The Red Sox won 6-4. Elise Amendola AP Photo
Liz Braun, Postmedia Network Aug 14, 2017
Tinseltown has plenty of deep mysteries: the Black Dahlia; the Superman curse; the haunted Hollywood sign; the Ryan Reynolds leap from romantic comedy to action superhero.
How did that happen?
One minute Reynolds and Sandra Bullock were moving along nicely from contempt to passion in typical rom-com fashion in The Proposal.
Next thing you know, the guy is thrashing villains next to Denzel in Safe House.
And then trouncing everyone in Deadpool.
Now Reynolds is the star of The Hitman's Bodyguard, dicing and slicing with the best of them. The movie opens Friday and co-stars Samuel L. Jackson, Salma Hayek and Gary Oldman.
And after that (only 304 more sleeps!!) comes the highly anticipated Deadpool 2.
What's constant in all this is the comedy.
What still feels new somehow is the explosive action.
And Reynolds does most of their own stunts?
“Well, you don't do the insane stuff.”
The actor had a career resurgence last year — thanks to Deadpool — that's comparable to the McConaissance.
The big difference is that poor old Matthew McConaughey had to recover from such detritus as Failure to Launch, Fool's Gold and Ghosts of Girlfriends Past.
Reynolds, on the other hand, appeared in appealing romantic comedies: The Proposal, Just Friends and Definitely, Maybe.
Still, it was time to for Reynolds to move on, and prior to Deadpool, the Canadian actor's career seemed to stall a bit. They kept appearing in good movies — Woman in Gold, Mississippi Grind — that nobody saw.
We should celebrate their success as a full-on action hero in Hitman's Bodyguard.
But what to call their career resurgence? The Ryannaissance? The Reynewal? The Ryanvention?
Never mind.
Let's begin at the beginning. Reynolds, who is 40 and a native of Vancouver, is a very funny guy.
He's king of the withering glance, the sarcastic aside, the barely controlled hysterical reaction.
It's no surprise that their earliest acting gigs were often comedic, and with the film Van Wilder in 2002 they started to gain widespread notice.
Mind you, Reynolds was also a heartthrob early on.
Way back when, they played the cute guy on the TV movie Sabrina the Teenage Witch and on the series Two Guys, a Girl and a Pizza Place; with those comedy skills they could never play just another pretty face, but the looks/laughs combo meant one could have predicted a future in romantic comedy.
The recent box-office success of Deadpool notwithstanding, Reynolds actually got into the action game as early as 2004, learning the rules of ass-kickery for their ferocious part in Blade: Trinity — their first role based on a comic book. At the time, they talked about bulking up and lifting, “More weights than I could ever dream of.”
They kept their action-ready bod evident by taking their shirt off in The Amityville Horror remake the next year, and in 2006 they again rode the action route in the crime drama, Smokin' Aces.
Smokin' Aces and fantasy drama The Nines (2007) sit on Reynolds' resume surrounded by comedies — Just Friends, Definitely, Maybe, Adventureland, Chaos Theory, Paper Man and The Change-Up.
(Okay, X-Men Origins: Wolverine and Green Lantern were in there somewhere too, but we'll ignore those.)
Safe House in 2012 was the reminder people needed that Reynolds has always had the goods to be an action star.
Safe House, like The Hitman's Bodyguard, has Reynolds reluctantly joining forces with an adversary; unlike The Hitman's Bodyguard, however, the earlier film didn't leave enough room for Reynolds' humour.
Too bad.
The movie that finally pulled together Reynolds' talent, action chops and mad comic skills was Deadpool, a movie they did their way — over 11 years.
"We were so concerned going in that they were not going to allow us to make the movie the way we needed to make it," Reynolds told the Sun in 2015. But their vision prevailed.
They first talked about their interest in playing Wade Wilson/Deadpool back in 2005; the character turned up (sort of) in X-Men Origins: Wolverine four years later.
It took another seven years before the real Deadpool saw the light of day.
Just before the hit movie was released last year, Reynolds told the Sun, “The superhero universe is big and it's intimidating. It's a world that comes with a great critical cost if you hit or if you miss …I've been there only one time with Green Lantern, and that obviously had a very different outcome."
If you were to list the attributes that have defined Reynolds' career, humour might be first on the list but hard work, humility and happiness are right up there.
They earned the success he's enjoying and he's known as a guy who counts their blessings. Reynolds has summed up marriage (to Blake Lively) and fatherhood easily: “I honestly couldn't be happier;” he's often said how grateful they are to have the career they have.
And if that career has morphed from one thing into another, well, that's just serendipity, claims Reynolds.
“It all feels like a weird accident.”
Twitter: @LizBraunSun
LBraun@postmedia.com
FIVE RYAN REYNOLDS MOVIES THAT DESERVE REPEAT VIEWINGS
Here are five Ryan Reynolds movies that are not only worth seeing but worth seeing more than once.
What they all have in common are the actor's impressive performances.
Of course Deadpool could be on this list, but we're assuming you've already seen that movie three times. Like the rest of us.
Waiting (2005)
This is a completely puerile comedy about young staff at a dubious restaurant. When they aren't adding pubic hair to someone's sent-back food order, the guys play a special game that involves flashing each other. It's stupid, yes, but hilariously funny; it's also an unexpectedly solid coming of age story. Terrific ensemble cast includes Reynolds, Anna Faris, Justin Long, Dane Cook and David Koechner.
Just Friends (2005)
Reynolds has great luck working with Anna Faris. In this comedy, he's a former geek who moves to Hollywood and gets famous as a manager; Faris is the neurotic singer whose career they have to babysit. A home town visit means they encounter the woman he's loved since high school (Amy Smart) but never mind all that — it's Reynolds' scenes with Chris Marquette, who plays their younger brother, that are brilliant. You can tell the actor brought real-life experience as one of four brothers to this role.
Mississippi Grind (2015)
Reynolds and Ben Mendelsohn co-star as a pair of compulsive gamblers who recognize something in one another and decide to travel to New Orleans for an important poker game. This is a gritty drama about grown-up male friendships and about disappointment in life; it's a characters study, that's all, but it's about what life looks like when more of it is wasted and behind you than is yet-to-come. With Alfre Woodard and Sienna Miller.
The Nines (2007)
This sci-fi mystery thriller-wonder puts Reynolds in three different roles, alongside Hope Davis and Melissa McCarthy. Art and real life keep crossing paths and strange events puzzle our hero, but all is eventually revealed.
Well, sort of. Bring an open mind.
Buried (2010)
Reynolds is essentially the only person in this movie. They play an American working in Iraq who finds themselves buried alive inside a wood box, with only a lighter and a cell phone as potential tools to get out. This is so intense and claustrophobic a film that you have to re-watch it just to see what you missed the first time — while you were looking away in horror.
-Liz Braun
The second annual Sitting Volleyball Tournament brings athletes from across California together this weekend. (Published Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017)
The second annual Sitting Volleyball Tournament at the Genuine Volleyball Club in Vista brought athletes from across California together this weekend.
Eight teams competed this year including three from the USA Volleyball Developmental Program, one from the Challenged Athletes Foundation, two from Northern California and San Diego State University's Aztec Adaptive Sports. The event is supported by the Challenged Athletes Foundation, San Diego ACES Sitting Volleyball Program and the Genuine Volleyball Club.
Patrick Lawrence of the Challenged Athletes Foundation helped put the event together and said the tournament is for everyone.
“It's a great opportunity for people to come learn about sitting volleyball with both able-bodied and disabled players coming together. It's an equal opportunity sport and something that USA Volleyball is interested in elevating to a similar level as the indoor game and the beach game.”
Katie Holloway, who is one of the athletes that traveled from Northern California, brought a certain mystic with them Last summer Holloway was a key part of the United States Sitting Volleyball team that upset China to win gold at the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Summer Paralympics.
Holloway said that representing the United States was humbling and winning gold was a great experience for them that didn't end when they returned stateside.
“Getting to represent the U.S.A. across the world but also in your community, it means so much more to you. And then to be able to come home and come to these events in the community and be able to spend time with people and give back to the sport that has given you that opportunity is just so special” said Holloway.
Aztec Adaptive Sports is also active in their community. President Nidhi Desai and their organization are trying to help athletes at the collegiate level get involved.
“There are no collegiate adaptive programs in California and so we're trying to start that at SDSU.”
Desai went on to add that Aztec Adaptive Sports doesn't just have a sitting volleyball team but have branched out to other sports like wheelchair basketball and are looking to add more in the near future. They're always welcoming new members and you can get more information on their social media pages or email the club at SDSUAdaptiveSports@Gmail.com.
The Challenged Athletes Foundation is also located right here in San Diego. You can go to ChallengedAthletes.Org or their Facebook page for more information on upcoming events or how to get involved.
My job is forcing active shooter training on me I am a fire warden for my office and we regularly supervise drills. Now, the company wants to train us to be first responders in the case of an active...
Plastic surgery is the newest way to score a promotion Getting work done could help you get more work. Marie, a 27-year-old fashion and lifestyle blogger in Los Angeles [who declined to give their last name], has seen them web...
Tick talk — expert advice from 6 global watch influencers Stellene Volandes Volandes is editor-in-chief of Town & Country. My first watch: A Keith Haring Swatch. I was in eighth grade, and we got it at the Swatch store in Midtown....
Psychiatrist blogged about suicide-text victim's medical records A Massachusetts judge has ordered a psychiatrist to return confidential medical records of the late teen whose girlfriend urged them to commit suicide via text message– after the doc blogged...
O.J. Simpson may take their talents to the internet While in prison, O.J. Simpson wrote a letter to a Nevada state lawmaker saying they were taking a computer course and suggesting they could put their new skills to use...
The moment a food blogger realized they were a fraud Every time I stand in front of my supermarket's egg aisle, I am filled with befuddlement, frustration and confusion — this cocktail of feelings inspired me to start my blog...
Fitness blogger reveals that a six-pack comes down to lighting Meet the fitness babe who is trying to prove that perfect tummies with “ab cracks” are often down to clever lighting. Imre Cecen is a blogger who often shares inspirational...
Blogger sues Food Network over adorable cupcakes A popular food blogger and dessert recipe creator is suing Food Network for allegedly copying one of their sweet tutorials. Elizabeth LaBau posted a recipe for snow globe cupcakes on...
Vlogger captures exact moment when testicular cancer hit Greenwich Village resident Jon Barr has taken their YouTube followers all over the world through their travel vlog “Here Be Barr.” But on April 12, they took them to a...
Okpekpe Road Race appoints Ecobank Mobile App as Official Bank Service Platform
Pamodzi Sports Marketing, organiser of the acclaimed Okpekpe International Road Race, has named Ecobank Mobile App as the official Banking Service platform for the 2018 edition of the race slated for Saturday May 12 in Okpekpe, Edo State. Mike Itemuagbor, Chief Executive Officer of Pamodzi Sports Marketing and Chief Promoter of the Okpekpe International Road Race said the Ecobank Mobile App is most suited for the Okpekpe 10km Road Race being an app that has been adopted across Africa.
Mr. Itemuagbor observed that the Ecobank App would adequately cater for the over 5000 local and international professional athletes expected at the competition, in addition to the large number of sports enthusiasts and government officials from across the continent.
According to him, “The Okpekpe Road Race is a global competition. It is therefore natural we look for a bank with a service platform that has international appeal. This informed our choice of Ecobank Mobile App”.
“We have a long partnership with Ecobank based on the bank's African appeal which best suits our dream to become one of the most sought after long distance races in the world. Our athletes come from all over Africa and they have testified that Ecobank products best suit them, enabling them access their funds at any point in time, especially during the competition as they do not need to carry cash or source foreign exchange”.
In their comment, Charles Kie, Managing Director, Ecobank Nigeria said the Ecobank Mobile App is a game changer for African banking by using digital technology to combat many of the financial inclusion barriers faced by those on the continent. They said Ecobank's strategic mission is built around using mobile banking to deliver innovative, efficient and cost-effective services to every African.
“Our app not only removes the barriers that have financially excluded so many Africans but offers next generation functionality to help them send money, make withdrawals or pay for goods and services. Customers can use the app on their mobile to instantly open Ecobank Xpress Account, which doesn't have any account fees, paperwork or minimum balance requirements, or to send and receive money across 33 African countries,” they said.
The Ecobank Mobile App which was launched in 2016 currently has over 4 million users registered and has consummated over one billion dollars' transaction value.
The Okpekpe international 10km road race is organised by Pamodzi Sports Marketing, a leader in sports marketing, sponsorship, hospitality and Rights Acquisition business in Nigeria in conjunction with the Athletics Federation of Nigeria (AFN) and the Edo State Government.
The competition has set the pace for other road races in Nigeria and West Africa. It is the first road race in West Africa to be designated by the IAAF as one of the leading road races around the world since the classification was introduced in 2008. For three years since 2015, the race was organised under the prestigious IAAF Road Race Bronze Label and now it is the first road race to be granted a silver label status in West Africa.
The 2018 edition of the Racewhichholds on May 12th is the 6thedition. It will have over 5,000 runners participating and has also received endorsements from local and international athletes as well as governments.
The post Okpekpe Road Race appoints Ecobank Mobile App as Official Bank Service Platform appeared first on Vanguard News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Another winter storm is about to pound the East Coast with heavy snow and hurricane-force winds. It will be the fourth Nor'easter to slam states from the Mid-Atlantic to New England this season.
So, that had us wondering: Whose winter is tougher? Good Question.
It can seem like a few snowflakes on the East Coast become front-page news, prompting some Minnesotans to proclaim, “Those guys are babies.”
But, are they? We asked WCCO Chief Meteorologist Chris Shaffer and WBZ Meteorologist Eric Fisher to weigh in.
“I will wave the white flag when it comes to snowfall this year,” said Shaffer. “But, I know your call letters are WBZ. Here WBZ stands for well-below zero, and that's how we live our lives.”
The average January high in the Twin Cities is 22 degrees. In Boston, it's 37 degrees and Philadelphia 41 degrees.
“The cold is no contest,” said Fisher. “I would say that here in New England, the problem is that we have so many different weather hazards and they're just stacked on top of each other.”
This season, the Twin Cities have measured 48 inches of snow, including one storm that dumped 12 inches. The average annual snowfall in the Twin Cities is 55 inches. Boston has recorded 57 inches and Worcester, a city outside of Boston recorded 87 inches. In Boston, the annual average is 45 inches. In the Boston suburbs, the average is 55 to 60 inches. In New York City, the average snowfall is 30 inches and this year, it's been 23 inches. In Philadelphia, it's 19 inches and this year, it's been 22 inches.
February along the East Coast was nice and consisted of temperatures in the 40s, 50s and 60s. But, once March hit, it was a different story. Fisher explained each Nor'easter.
“The first one was all rain, but it brought the most significant coastal flooding,” they said. “We lost a number of homes, the beaches have been destroyed.”
The second storm brought high winds and widespread power outages that lasted for days up and down the East Coast. With the third storm came two feet of snow. The fourth storm is expected to bring between five and 10 inches.
This is a sponsored post… Wealth Exchange has just launched one the most organized Mutual Aid / Crowd Funding / Donation Exchange / Social Financial Platform, This system is designed to stand the test of time with innovative features which will be discussed here. Take advantage of this great opportunity and become a pioneer member of the platform by simple clicking here – https://
ESCONDIDO, Calif. — Authorities have arrested a suspect in the stabbing death of a 75-year-old retiree more than three decades ago in Southern California.
Police in Escondido say technology led to new analysis of fingerprints from the apartment where Richard Finney was stabbed 31 times in 1986.
The San Diego Union-Tribune reported Monday that Nathan Eugene Mathis faces a charge of murder and an allegation that they used a knife in the attack. The 62-year-old retired security guard pleaded not guilty last week.
Investigators haven't named a possible motive or said whether the defendant and the victim knew each other.
Gina Turi Curry, Finney's granddaughter, tells the newspaper they burst into tears when police informed them of the arrest.
Chinese Hackers Cite Roy Moore in New Scheme
The scandal surrounding embattled Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore has provided fodder for foreign hackers attacking U.S. targets, cybersecurity firm FireEye said Monday.
A hacking group with ties to the Chinese government known as APT19 has been sending malicious emails to multinational, U.S.-based law firms referencing the Republican nominee, who is accused of sexual misconduct with teen girls years ago when they were in their 30s, FireEye analysts told CyberScoop.
Mr. Moore has denied any wrongdoing.
The messages were sent to at least three major law firms last week and contained the same subject line, according to FireEye: "FW: Roy Moore scandal ignites fundraising explosion for Democratic challenger Doug Jones."
The emails contained a malicious Microsoft Word document that could let hackers remotely access an infected computer if opened, the security firm said.
"It's difficult to say what they're after because the lures are so broadly written and we're stopping them at the perimeter, before they really get a chance to do much," FireEye analyst Ben Read told CyberScoop. "It's feasible that APT19 is looking to steal financial documents, including information about business mergers and acquisitions which could be worth a lot.
"Based on what we can observe, the targets are mostly the same every time (major U.S.-based law firms)," added fellow FireEye analyst Ian Ahl. "The emails all originate from an APT19 owned domain, but the sender username is often changed."
The emails referencing the upcoming Alabama race were the fourth wave of an APT19 operation already underway since at least June, according to CyberScoop.
The former state chief justice will face Democratic rival Doug Jones in a special election on Dec. 12.
The hackers previously sent similar emails to targets containing subject lines referencing incoming French President Emmanuel Macron, among other topics, the security firm said earlier. Recently, those emails referenced the likes of Mr. Moore, disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinstein and 2016 Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, CyberScoop reported Monday.
The latest wave of emails targeted the same group of law firms that received malicious messages attributed to APT19 in June, October and November, according to CyberScoop.
FireEye has previously described APT19 as having "some degree of sponsorship by the Chinese government." APT is short for "advanced persistent threat," a label often applied to sophisticated, typically state-sponsored hacking outfits.
© 2017 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - Feb. 15, 2017) - PineBridge Investment Grade Preferred Securities Fund (TSX:PRF.UN) (the "Fund") announced today a cash distribution for the month of March. Unitholders of record at the close of business on February 28, 2017 will receive a cash distribution in the amount of $0.125 per unit, payable on or about March 14, 2017.
Further information about the Fund can be found at www.bmocm.com/investorsolutions under "Closed-End Funds".
“Pour on the sugar,” it's about to get a little sweeter in our kitchen! Vida's Chef Hattie McDaniel makes us a blonde chocolate peanut butter tart with scotcharoo crust, Concord grape pate de fruit, ancient grains, candied celery, and Concord grape sorbet. Don't forget the tart, crust, and candy, too…. all made LIVE!
To learn more, visit www.crgdining.com.
SEGMENT IS SPONSORED BY CUNNINGHAM RESTAURANT GROUP
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) — More than 21 thousand guests are expected at the White House Monday to take part in the annual Easter Egg Roll. President Donald Trump and the first lady were there to kick off the fun.
In bows and fedoras, children gathered with their families bright and early for the 139th White House Easter Egg Roll.
After hosting a breakfast reception, the first family came out to the south lawn for the official start.
“As we renew this tradition, thank you for joining us. On behalf of the president and Barron, we wish you great fun and beautiful days coming ahead of us,” said First Lady Melania Trump.
The Easter Egg roll dates all the way back to 1878 when President Rutherford Hayes was in the White House. It's so popular, the event goes on all day long.
Gallery: The 139th White House Easter Egg Roll
This year's festivities include more than a dozen activities, including a beanbag toss and mingling with costumed characters.
The main draw is the actual egg roll with kids swinging and missing. Andrew Torborg said it's harder than it looks.
“I messed up the first one. I kind of just threw it on accident,” said Torborg.
For those who just can't get the swing of it, there's always another way to get the egg to the other side of the lawn.
Since the White House isn't fully staffed yet, this year's event is actually smaller than last year's, when 35 thousand people attended.
LONDON (AP) — Budget airline Ryanair has signed a formal recognition agreement with the British Airline Pilots Association, a significant milestone in addressing the company's often testy relations with its employees.
The voluntary agreement means that union representatives will be involved in future negotiations on pay, hours, schedules and holidays.
Ryanair altered its stance on unions following a challenging period last fall in which thousands of flights were canceled following pilot scheduling errors.
The association's general secretary, Brian Strutton, says that "given Ryanair's previous hostility towards unions, today's agreement is an historic one."
Ryanair's chief people officer, Eddie Wilson, says the progress with pilots in Britain is in contrast to some other European Union countries "where we are still waiting for a response to our recognition proposals."
Akshay Kumar's recently released film Toilet Ek Prem Katha has hit the right chords with the audiences. It has ended the dry spell at the box office as the movie has already collected Rs 51 crore.
After the success of the movie, Twinkle Khanna posted a message on Twitter, but is it a dig at Salman Khan's Tubelight and Shahrukh Khan's Jab Harry Met Sejal? Read to find out.
Here's What Twinkle Wrote... "So even the box-office needed this Toilet eventually to break free from its constipation-#ToiletEkPremKath Hit Hit Hooray!"
Salman & Shahrukh's Film Bombed At The Box Office We all know that Salman Khan's Tubelight and Shahrukh Khan's Jab Harry Met Sejal bombed badly at the box office.
So Is They Taking A Dig At Them Twinkle Khanna wrote that Akshay Kumar's film helped the box office to get free from the constipation and many believe they have indirectly taken a dig at Salman and Shahrukh with this.
Jab Harry Met Sejal Could Not Even Cross Rs 100 Crore Unfortunately, Shahrukh Khan's JHMS could not even collect Rs 100 crore at the Indian box office.
Let's Talk About The Box Office Collection Of Toilet Now Trade analyst Taran Adarsh wrote, ''#ToiletEkPremKatha is EXTRAORDINARY... Fri 13.10 cr, Sat 17.10 cr, Sun 21.25 cr. Total: ₹ 51.45 cr. India biz.''
To Witness A Big Jump On 15th August #ToiletEkPremKatha has an AWESOME weekend... Day-wise growth was PHENOMENAL... Tue [Independence Day] will again witness a big jump in biz.''
Toilet Ek Prem Katha Has Pumped Oxygen In The Film Industry #ToiletEkPremKatha has pumped oxygen in the lungs of an ailing film industry... The dry spell at the BO ends finally! #TEPK
Strong Word Of Mouth Is Helping In Increasing The Business #ToiletEkPremKatha witnessed FANTASTIC growth on Sat... Strong word of mouth is translating into MASSIVE numbers... #TEPK
Keep watching this space for more updates!
Also Read: Esha Gupta Defends Them NUDE Butt-Showing Pictures; Says She's Gone NAKED & TOPLESS During Modelling
The fabulous and always-working Issa Rae is not slowing down, despite the fact that they are currently between seasons on their hit HBO show. It was just announced that they have teamed up with BET to find the next crop of emerging talent.
#IssaRae's ColorCreative (@CoCreTv) partners with BET on contest to find new, emerging voices for TV series https://t.co/uPjZTnGLnC pic.twitter.com/FQD5w8BHUT — Shadow and Act (@shadowandact) April 21, 2018
Insecure star Issa Rae is currently filming the highly-anticipated third season of their HBO series, however they have remained quite busy in the meantime. One of the projects on their plate involves giving upcoming creative voices the opportunity to work with them and BET on a new television series, according to Shadow and Act.
Via Shadow and Act:
Issa Rae's ColorCreative is partnering with BET Networks for a writing contest to find new voices for a television series. The first ColorCreative Script to Screen Contest is launched in partnership with the American Black Film Festival. Writers interested in participating are tasked with bringing an original comedy or drama pilot script to the table that, if chosen as the winner, will be fully developed and produced.
“ColorCreative's mission has always been to provide opportunities for underrepresented writers by developing and producing their work. With this latest initiative, I couldn't be more excited to be collaborating with BET Networks to help identify a fresh voice and an original idea that highlights the Black American experience,” said Deniese Davis, co-founder and chief operating officer at ColorCreative.
ColorCreative says they are looking for “creative ideas that showcase their individuality and unique point of view.” The pilot must explore an “important and/or an untapped part of the Black experience that would fit BET's programming and audience. The series can be about anything as long as you stay true to the culture and are specific about your theme and perspective.”
If you are an O.G. Issa Rae fan, you know that they got their start on YouTube, where many emerging voices have gone from unknown to superstar status, and they are always spotlighting new writers and projects on their own YouTube channel. It's nice to see them paying it forward by giving others a great opportunity.
The three finalists selected will travel to the 2018 American Black Film Festival (ABFF) in Miami from June 13-17 and have an opportunity to attend roundtable sessions with industry veterans and a private luncheon with BET and various ColorCreative executives.
Following the festival, finalists will receive feedback on the script and have time to submit a revised draft. Finally, one winner will receive a cash prize and have their pilot script produced by ColorCreative for BET.
For more details and submission guidelines, visit ABFF.com.
Check out today's Top Stories here:
Kevin Hart Roasted Over Old Tweet About Dark-Skinned Women
Lizzo Shares How Them Bare Ass Brought Them Liberation At Beautycon
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
The New HITS 97.3 welcomes Bruno Mars back to South Florida when the “24K Magic World Tour” takes over the BB&T Center, Sunday October 15th!
Download the HITS 97.3 APP, click on the “WIN Bruno Mars FRONT ROW Tickets” button, and register for your chance to WIN a pair of tickets to see Bruno Mars, plus qualify for the GRAND PRIZE - a ticket upgrade to experience the show from the best seats in the house - UPCLOSE - FRONT ROW!
***DAILY WINNERS WILL BE ANNOUNCED BY THE DJ LAZ MORNING SHOW DURING THE 8AM HOUR, MONDAY OCTOBER 9TH-FRIDAY OCTOBER 13TH! GRAND PRIZE WINNER WILL BE ANNOUNCED BY THE DJ LAZ MORNING SHOW DURING THE 9AM HOUR DURING THE 9AM HOUR ON FRIDAY OCTOBER 13TH ON HITS 97.3!***
Brought to you by Atlantic Records, Live Nation, and Miami's New Number One For ALL THE HITS...The New HITS 97.3!
MUST BE 18+!
Good luck and have fun with the New HITS 97.3 APP!
Select your download below!
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – Amazon is offering a refund to customers who bought counterfeit eclipses safety glasses to watch the solar eclipse next week.
The retail giant says the glasses may not come from a recommended manufacturer.
The total eclipse next Monday will give people like Pam Ledbury a rare chance to see a cosmic phenomenon. They bought a pack of eclipse glasses from Amazon to watch what some have called the Superbowl in the sky.
“Thousands of us probably bought them (the glasses) because they are cheap,” they said.
But several days later they got a letter from Amazon recalling the potentially phony frames. The letter read, “We recommend that you do not use this product to view the sun or eclipse.”
It also warned that using inappropriate glasses can result in the loss of vision or permanent blindness.
“Be very very careful. The warnings that you hear are right,” said Leonard Bates.
It's a lesson Bates learned the hard way. The 80-year-old permanently lost part of their vision when they watched their first eclipse at age nine.
“My right eye wasn't working right. There was a spot right at the center of my right eye, my focus that was just a blur,” they said.
Doctors say the health risks without proper eye protection are very real.
“It's so dangerous for people to look at the sun even for brief periods of time because you can cause permanent damage to the retina – we call it solar retinopathy and it's really very close to burning a hole in the retina,” said Dr. Russell Van Gelder, spokesperson for the American Academy of Ophthalmology.
To make sure your glasses are safe, look for the certified ISO icon and the number 12312-2 to make sure they will properly block the light.
It's also important to make sure the lenses are not scratched or damaged.
The American Astronomical Society has a list of reputable manufacturers and authorized dealers at this site.
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
Williams collected six birdies in their round of 68 and leads by two shots over Southeastern University's Carlos Ardila and three in front of Southeastern's Charles Soucinek.
The other four Cumberland players shot either 78 or 79, with sophomore Josh Wiseman and junior Garrett Daniel tied for 24th with rounds of six-over par 78. Senior Zach Polston and first-year student Reece Gaddes posted rounds of seven-over par 79, tied for 29th.
Cumberland recorded a first-round team score of 303, three strokes behind Truett-McConnell and six in back of the University of Mobile. Southeastern leads Reinhardt University by five shots for first place.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Reading FC were forced to settle with a point after a dramatic late equaliser by Cardiff City at Madejski Stadium.
Lee Tomlin's close-range finish deep into stoppage saw the Bluebirds earn a share of the spoils after an entertaining game on Monday night.
An own goal and a strike by Mo Barrow had set Royals on their way going into the second half.
But Joe Bennett reduced the deficit with a superbly taken volley from the edge of the box.
As the visitors piled forward in search of a second, substitute then fired in shot which cannoned off the bar and over the line to break Royals hearts.
Paul McShane hit the post with a header in the final play of the match as both sides had to settle for a point apiece.
The result sees Jaap Stam's side extend their advantage to five games, but the Dutchman will be disappointed their side did not see out the win which would have taken them into the top half of the league table.
Yann Kermorgant, Barrow and Dave Edwards all had chances in the second period to score a third when the scoreline was 2-0, but they were made to pay by a spirited Cardiff side, who remain in second place.
Visiting boss Neil Warnock was given their marching orders midway through the second half when they disputed one of referee Stephen Martin's calls.
And the decision appeared to galvanise the side who poured forward in search of a way back into the game.
Just when it looked as though Reading would earn a third straight win thanks to some heroic defending by Liam Moore and McShane, Bennett smashed home before Tomlin's late intervention earned the Welsh side a point.
Reading : Mannone, Gunter, Bacuna, McShane (c), Moore, Van den Berg, Edwards, Kelly (Bodvarsson 83), Aluko (Popa 88), Barrow, Kermorgant.
Subs : Jaakkola, Beerens, Ilori, Clement, Blackett.
Cardiff : Etheridge, Manga, Bamba, Morrison (Peltier 34), Bennett, Paterson (Tomlin 79), Damour, Ralls, Hoilett, Mendez-Laing, Bogle (Feeney 81).
Subs : Murphy, Pilkington, Halford, Connolly
Attendance : 11,397 (1,383 away fans)
Referee : S Martin
Don't forget you can keep track of all the Reading FC news on the getreading website and through Jonathan Low's Twitter account @jonathanl50 .
You can also stay up to date with news through Jonathan's Facebook page .
In honor of its 130th anniversary, Katz's Delicatessen, home to some of the country's best slow-smoked pastrami, is offering a subscription service so transplanted New Yorkers and other die-hard fans can get their fix.
Third-generation Katz's owner Jake Dell launched the national subscription service May 29, just in time for Father's Day, with several options starting at $150 per month for mountains of the best stuff to ever cross mustard and rye.
Each monthly package contains a full meal for 4-6 and is themed for the season, like the July Griller Package (think knockwurst and frankfurters) and the January Soup Combo (Katz's famous matzoh ball soup and knishes).
To kick things off, June features one pound of sliced pastrami (just heat and serve), a pound of deli mustard, a quart of pickles, one loaf of rye bread and another whole 4-pounder of pastrami to carve at your convenience.
What's that? You want a chocolate babka? That's in the September package.
For more food and drink coverage
follow us on Flipboard.
WOODSTOCK, N.Y. — State police have charged a 61-year-old New York woman with causing more than $350,000 in damage to artwork, antiques and other personal property at their ex-husband's home.
Troopers say Ana Rockman, of Elmont, on Long Island, was charged Monday after surrendering themselves to state police in Kingston.
Police say in August 2015 they started investigating a burglary and the destruction of items in a home just outside the village of Woodstock. Troopers say someone had forced their way into the house and damaged expensive artwork, antiques, electronics, appliances, musical instruments and other personal items.
Authorities say the home is owned by Rockman's ex-husband.
They were arraigned in Woodstock and freed after posting $5,000 bail. A message left with their attorney wasn't returned.
“They asked, ‘Are you our new teacher?' and the elders began to thank me. It was a touching moment.”
By ANNE MARXZE D. UMIL
Bulatlat
MANILA – Because of the tradition of the Manobos, Michael Sumbian, 30, chose to be a teacher to their fellow Lumad in Agusan Del Sur. While still a nursing student, their elders told them that a Lumad should give back to their tribe after finishing studies.
Although they were not able to graduate, they still ended up teaching their fellow Lumad.
Their group Yumabagan, an organization of the Manobos pushing for their right to self-determination, facilitated their exposure to the communities in the mountainous area of Agusan Del Sur.
They remembered the Lumad children's excitement upon seeing him. “They asked, ‘Are you our new teacher?' and the elders began to thank me. It was a touching moment,” they told Bulatlat in an interview.
That moment convinced them to become a teacher to the Lumad community. In 2013, they underwent the necessary training to be able to teach and became a volunteer teacher of the Religious Missionaries of the Philippines-Northern Mindanao Region (RMP-NMR)'s literacy and numeracy program.
As a teacher of RMP-NMR's literacy and numeracy program in San Luis, Agusan Del Sur, Sumbian was not spared from the harassment by soldiers and even survived a strafing incident in 2015. They were not discouraged but became even more committed to teach Lumad children.
“Nasabi ko na dito na ako sa kanila (I told them that I now really belong with them),” they said, adding that Lumad children are not only their students, but had also become their family.
Adjustment from the city to the mountain
Although their family are Lumad, they are based in the city where they grew up and studied up to college. They admitted that it took some time for them to get used to the life in the far-flung community.
At first, they said, they had difficulties adjusting. At times, food is scarce, and they only eat root crops. There is also no electricity in the community.
But the Lumad community is warm toward him. They were treated like family, which later gave them the courage to stay. The dire condition of children was also a factor, they said.
Like in other provinces, Lumad children in Agusan Del Sur and Bukidnon were deprived of government services like education. They said it prompted the elders to seek help from non-government organizations and religious groups, like the RMP-NMR. The RMP-NMR acted on their appeal immediately, they said. There are now eight non-formal schools in Agusan Del Sur and seven in Bukidnon.
They said most of their students have not set foot in any school because the community is too far from the town proper of San Luis, Agusan Del Sur. The travel time is three hours on the road and then another six hours of walking going to the community. The fare costs P2,500 ($49). It is exhausting, they said, but the smiles of Lumad children take all their fatigue away.
“Seeing my fellow Manobos' hunger for education made me decide to continue to teach. The elders are thanking me even if I was not a graduate of education. I was deeply moved by it,” they said.
Attacks against Lumad schools
RMP's schools were not spared from the attacks of the military. They said the communities where there are RMP schools were also heavily militarized. Soldiers even encamp in their schools and interrupt their classes.
Since April this year, operations by soldiers and paramilitary groups triggered an evacuation in Cabangcalan and San Fernando, Bukidnon, and the RMP school in the area has joined residents who encamped in the Malaybalay City Capitol grounds.
Soldiers threatened to kill the teachers or to have them jailed on false charges just to make them stop teaching the Lumad. “All these, just because of the accusation that we are a school of the New People's Army, which is not true,” they said.
In fact, most of their students who have finished high school were also able to make it to college.
Sumbian was not spared from threats. Aside from the strafing incident in 2015, they said they have been receiving death threats sent through their mobile phone.
“Kung hindi raw kami titigil sa pagtuturo papatayin kami. At wag na lang daw kaming magpakita sa kanila kasi pag mahanap kami, papatayin kami,” they recalled. (If we don't stop teaching we will be killed. We should not let them see us because they will kill us.)
But, they said, the teachers are not afraid because the truth is on their side. “We are not doing anything bad, we're just teaching Lumad children,” they said.
“The government wants the Lumad to remain uneducated so that they could grab their land and abuse its resources. Their land is their life,” they added.
They said leaving the community never crossed their mind despite attacks on schools and educators. To be terrified because of harassments and attacks is inevitable, they said. But the children's dreams are their motivation to continue.
“What will happen to the dreams of the children? Some parents ask us, who will teach them if we leave. That's my motivation,” they said.
In fact, their students were able to pass the Junior High School exams and are currently Grade 8 at the
Lumad high school. Some students of the DepEd school also transferred to the RMP school. However, some Lumad families were threatened that if they do not remove their children from the school, they will get less financial assistance from the government's Pantawid Pamilyang Pilipino Program, or be completely removed from the list.
But life continues for Sumbian. Despite attacks, teachers like them continue to serve their students to help them fulfill their dreams and that of their ancestors who taught them to give back to their communities.
“If we die because of the baseless accusations, then it's okay. At least the children knew that we contributed to making their dreams come true and we have not done anything wrong,” they added.
A Baylor nutritionist offers suggestions in adopting simple, behavioral changes for a healthier lifestyle instead of creating resolutions that are unrealistic and too ambitious.
Every January, many take on resolutions to encourage a healthier lifestyle.
But research has shown that most people give them up after just a few weeks.
But a Baylor nutritionist is offering up a different approach to achieving long-lasting health goals.
Only 8 percent of people actually achieve their New Year's resolutions, according to a recent study by the University of Scranton.
So what's causing so many people to fail at resolutions and more importantly, what's the secret behind those who actually achieve their goals?
Baylor College of Medicine nutritionist Roberta Anding says – instead of making a resolution try taking a reset.
“What is meant by a reset is you set a small, simple goal,” says Anding. “And then every day, you take a look and ask, “Was I successful? What were my barriers?”
They suggest setting small, realistic goals that allow you to quickly see and measure – even on a daily basis – what you're doing right and what you're doing wrong.
“My favorite dessert in the world is anything chocolate,” states Anding as an example. “So if I said that I'm never eating that again, I'm dooming myself to fail. But my reset could be: ‘When I have dessert, it's only going to be chocolate.' So that means things like cheesecake and sugar cookies, go by the wayside. And then I'm going to have a serving no larger than the size of the palm of my hand.”
The health expert says it's that mind “reset” of adopting behaviors that you can actually hold onto – and not just for two weeks, or two years – but perhaps even 20 years, that'll make a difference in your overall health.
And if you happen to slip up – don't worry. They say that's the beauty of a reset–every day allows for a new beginning.
More tips:
• Start making produce on the plate a priority. Although fresh fruits and vegetables might be the best choice, don't dismiss the nutritional value of frozen and even canned. The convenience of frozen and canned make these choices not only practical but easy to prepare. • Work on eliminating sugary drinks – focus on chewing your calories rather than drinking them. Consider sparkling waters with a hint of fruit or even unsweetened ice tea. Start by switching out one sugary drink per day with one of these alternatives. • Eat protein at each meal. Proteins help maintain muscle mass and control appetite.
Jason Eckert (left) died as the result of an April 28 crash in east Las Vegas.
For many people, the intersection of Indios Avenue and Mountain Vista Street is just part of their daily commute, but for one valley family, it's a place they will never forget.
On Monday, medical examiners identified the bicyclist killed in a crash in the east Las Vegas neighborhood April 28.
The Clark County Coroner's Office said 44-year-old Jason Eckert died from multiple blunt force injuries. They were pronounced dead on April 29 at Sunrise Hospital.
On Monday, drivers passing that intersection saw a powerful message sprayed on the wall with a gaping hole that reads: "Drunk Killed Dad."
“(My grandson) said ‘We were having so much fun today, and everything was perfect until this happened,'” Robert Steffan, the victim's father-in-law said. “Then they goes ‘I want my daddy.'”
Steffan held back tears as they remembered comforting their eight-year-old grandson, who stood feet away on their bicycle with a front row seat to the DUI crash that killed their father Jason Eckert.
“That was a key part of their life ... anticipating when their father came, and they would go out and do something. So they took a 20-mile bike ride that day.”
Eckert's son Avaram rode alongside their parents on Mountain Vista that evening, when a car sped towards them, seemingly out of control.
“Way drunk,” Steffan said. “He started to skid 20 feet before the stop sign.”
An investigation into the crash is ongoing, police said.
“Jason's body was crushed onto the hood of the car,” Steffan said. “Then they were hurled through the street.”
Steffan said Eckert's helmet split in two and believed they died instantly. The driver, Danesmin Solis-Cortez was taken to the hospital with minor injuries and was arrested.
“We put the graffiti up for them [Avaram].” “I'm okay with that.”
Neighbors were okay with it too and said they hoped the writing has a deep impact on the community.
“People have been stopping all afternoon,” said one neighbor. “They slow down and look at that wall. It's just terrible, it makes you afraid to go anywhere.”
Through their grieving, Eckert's family took solace in knowing Eckert's final moments lead to saving other lives through organ donation.
Homeowner tells me this is the second accident that smashed their wall and walked me through what they remember @FOX5Vegas pic.twitter.com/0SOAqHEOSW — Chernéy Amhara (@CherneyAmharaTV) May 7, 2018
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
How Jordan Spieth exorcised their Augusta back-9 demons AUGUSTA, Ga. — Hallelujah and pass the pimento cheese sandwiches. Jordan Spieth got through the back nine at Augusta National on Friday without suffering a quadruple bogey. In fact, Spieth...
'Ready to be done': Frustrated players have had fill of Augusta AUGUSTA, Ga. — The wind conditions in Saturday's Masters third round at Augusta National were even more brutal than they were on Friday, when just four players shot below par....
PGA player in 'life-or-death' battle after major heart attack PALM BEACH GARDENS, Fla. — Jason Bohn, who suffered a heart attack after their second round on Friday, remained hospitalized at Palm Beach Medical Center on Saturday. “Jason is resting...
Meet the 21-year-old whiz kid who's leading the Masters A 21-year-old Texan is poised to become the new face of golf. Dallas native Jordan Spieth topped the Masters leader board after three rounds Saturday, setting a 54-hole record by...
Masters breakdown: Tiger's intense spotlight gives Rory edge If storylines are what move you for the big events, sit back on your sofa and soak in the Masters this week. There are more storylines to these Masters than...
Defending Masters champ Bubba Watson flying under radar Despite being a two-time Masters champion and the defending champ, Bubba Watson has managed to go under the radar heading into the 2015 Masters that begins with Monday's practice rounds....
Rory McIlroy's embarrassing gym run-in with Brady, Mannings During a two-day trip to Augusta National last week to play golf with their dad, Rory McIlroy decided to get in some work at the gym to start theirs day,...
The adjustment MLB should make on Jackie Robinson Day Really? After the Flyers and Rangers played Game 1, last night, the best the NHL, NBC and Madison Square Garden could do was a Game 2, three days later, starting...
Jordan Spieth, 20, Bubba Watson tied for Masters lead AUGUSTA, Ga. — What looked like a potential runaway in the 78th Masters has turned into what appears will be a scintillating Sunday shootout at Augusta National. If you find...
Amala Paul is all set to essay the female lead opposite Nivin Pauly, in the upcoming historical drama Kayamkulam Kochunni. The character sketch of Amala from the movie has been going viral on social media.
The actor, who is appearing as Kayamkulam Kochunni's love interest in the movie, looks simply different in the character sketch. Amala is sporting a different look, with a unique hairdo, silver ornaments, and kohled eyes, in the character sketch.
From the image, it is evident that Amala Paul, who is best known for their glamorous avathars, will be going for a total makeover with Kayamkulam Kochunni. The further details about their character are expected to be revealed soon.
Kayamkulam Kochunni is based on the Kayamkulam Kochunni stories, mentioned in Aithihyamala, by Kottarathil Shankunni. Scenarist duo Bobby-Sanjay scripted the film with the help of a history students' group, after a 2-year-long research.
According to the sources close to the project, the movie will concentrate more on Kayamkulam Kochunni's personal life, especially their love life. A debutante will essay the female lead in the movie, which will have many new faces in the star cast.
Kabali music director Santhosh Narayanan and Baahubali sound designer Satheesh will be a part of the prestigious project. Kayamkulam Kochunni is produced by Gokulan Gopalan, for Sree Gokulam Films.
From the section
Image caption The incident happened in a lane near Trongate in Glasgow
A man has been arrested in connection with the alleged rape of another man in Glasgow last month.
A 22-year-old man told police they were sexually assaulted in a lane after leaving a Glasgow nightclub on Sunday 24 September.
Police Scotland said a 31-year-old man had been arrested and detained in connection with the incident.
The alleged attack took place between Parnie Street and Trongate at about 03:40.
The man is expected to appear at Glasgow Sheriff Court on Tuesday.
Ousted commissioner says BIG3 founder fostered racist culture The accusations were flying Monday after Roger Mason Jr. was fired as commissioner of the BIG3 basketball league. Hours after Mason's dismissal over alleged corrupt behavior became public, the former...
LaVar Ball blows chance for slightest bit of basketball cred Big Baller doesn't mean long range. If you had any doubt LaVar Ball's talk was all nonsense, they showed that they are nothing more than a mediocre player on Sunday....
The Big3 is shutting its lips and slapping Iverson on the wrist For missing one game, Allen Iverson will have to miss another. Iverson has been suspended one game for their unexplained absence at the Big3 basketball showcase last week. The Hall...
Now we know what a feuding Charles Oakley sounds like It's not the NBA, and Charles Oakley is 53. But the old man still can run their mouth like Charles Barkley is on the receiving end. The Oakley-coached Killer 3s...
Allen Iverson goes AWOL, and Big3 doesn't look happy DALLAS — Allen Iverson did not show up for the Big3's games in Dallas, and the league said it is investigating their absence. The former NBA MVP is the biggest...
Allen Iverson's Philly homecoming got more awkward every minute PHILADELPHIA — Allen Iverson walked onto a familiar court to a rousing ovation and then took an unfamiliar spot on the sideline. The Answer was Coach AI in their Big3...
Allen Iverson's fun BIG3 shows its appeal and why it's in trouble No one knew what to expect from the BIG3, but fans knew whom to expect at the league's debut. To start, that was enough. A surprisingly strong (announced) crowd of...
New BIG3 league begins with pain and a thrill Basketball's newest league started with a game-winning basket and an injured former NBA player. Rashard Lewis made a three-point play with their team facing game point Sunday in the opening...
Ice Cube really wants you to enjoy their new basketball league Ice Cube loved the idea. Then again, it was their idea. The sports fan-turned-rapper-turned-actor believed a new basketball league — the BIG3 — could thrive; one where former NBA stars,...
"[We are] giving them skill sets they need to help them change their behavior," Restoring Lives founder Shanita Jones explained.
The Wilson County Commission appointed Bryan as sheriff in 2012 after current Wilson County Commissioner Terry Ashe retired. Bryan was re-elected sheriff in 2014.
Bryan has more than 30 years of law enforcement experience with the Lebanon Police Department and Wilson County Sheriff's Office. They began their career in law enforcement with the Lebanon Police Department in 1989 and joined the Wilson County Sheriff's Office in 1999.
“In 30 years in law enforcement, I've seen things change,” said Bryan. “From the time I started, back when I was 18 years old, things have changed. When we started, the main concern we were addressing at the time was cocaine – cocaine, marijuana, different things like that. We found that as we got more aggressive toward certain drugs, it turned to something else that was more readily available.”
Bryan described the transition from cocaine to methamphetamine to current issues with synthetic opioids and fentanyl.
“Synthetic opioids are the drugs shipped here from another country,” said Bryan. “They look like, smell like, even have the same markings on them as regular pills. But they're homemade somewhere in some foreign country.”
“Does anyone know what fentanyl is? It's an elephant tranquilizer,” said Bryan. “We were one of the first counties in the state to submit – we didn't know what it was – we were one of the first counties in the state to submit some type of evidence to the [Tennessee Bureau of Investigation] crime lab to contain fentanyl.”
Bryan said the problem isn't just in Wilson County, though. It's happening nationwide.
“We are not going to arrest our way out of it,” said Bryan. “We can continue to put these addicts in jail. What's that going to do? It's going to cost the taxpayers in this county to get them off of it. That's not the right thing to do. We need to get them help, but they don't need to be up there in the Wilson County Jail.”
Bryan said addicts are weaned off the drugs while they're in jail, but they need some other system in place to keep them off drugs after they leave.
“Nobody's immune to it, up to and including me. I lost a nephew off of it,” said Bryan. “Do you think that was a bad call? We need some help; the county needs some help, because we can't do it by ourselves, and we're not going to arrest our way out of it.”
2 NEWS App users click here to watch
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) — Charlottesville Police are holding a news conference Monday afternoon discussing the weekend clashes.
The driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville was previously accused of beating their mother and threatening them with a knife, according to police records released Monday.
Authorities say 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. rammed their car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer.
The records from the Florence Police Department in Kentucky show the man's mother had called police in 2011. Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told police they stood behind them wielding a 12-inch knife. Bloom is disabled and uses a wheelchair.
In another incident in 2010, Bloom said that Fields smacked them in the head and locked them in the bathroom after they told them to stop playing video games. Bloom told officers Fields was on medication to control theirs temper.
Earlier Monday, Fields was denied bond after the public defender's office said it couldn't represent them because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest. The judge was forced to find a local attorney to fill in, Charles Weber, who did not immediately respond to phone messages. No one answered the door at their office Monday.
Fields was not present in the courtroom but appeared via video monitor dressed in a black-and-white striped uniform. Seated, they answered questions from the judge with simple responses of “Yes, sir” when asked if they understood what was being explained to him. Fields also replied “No, sir” when asked if they had ties to the community of Charlottesville.
Judge Robert Downer set an Aug. 25 hearing for Fields, who has been charged with second-degree murder and other counts.
Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler, and had been singled out in the 9th grade by officials at the Randall K. Cooper high school in Union, Kentucky, for their “deeply held, radical” convictions on race, their former high school teacher Derek Weimer said Sunday.
Keegan McGrath, 18, who said they were roommates with Fields on a class trip to Europe in 2015, said Fields referred to Germany as “the Fatherland,” had no interest in being in France, and refused to interact with the French.
“He just really laid on about the French being lower than us and inferior to us,” McGrath told the AP on Monday.
McGrath challenged Fields on their beliefs, and the animosity between them grew so heated that it came to a boil at dinner on their second day. They said they went home after three or four days because they said they couldn't handle being in a room with Fields.
The incident shocked McGrath because they had been in German class with Fields for two unremarkable years.
“He was just a normal dude” most of the time, although they occasionally made “dark” jokes that put their class on edge, including one “off-hand joke” about the Holocaust, McGrath said.
McGrath said that Fields wasn't ostracized and doesn't believe Fields deserves sympathy.
“He had friends, they had people who would chat with him, it wasn't like they were an outcast.”
Weimer described Fields as an “average” student, but with a keen interest in military history, Hitler, and Nazi Germany.
“Once you talked to James for a while, you would start to see that sympathy toward Nazism, that idolization of Hitler, that belief in white supremacy,” Weimer said. “It would start to creep out.”
Fields also confided that they had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when they were younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication, Weimer said.
The violence in Charlottesville also was blamed for the deaths of two Virginia State Police officers who were killed when a helicopter crashed during the large-scale police response.
Fields had been photographed hours before the attack with a shield bearing the emblem of Vanguard America, one of the hate groups that took part in the “take America back” campaign to protest the removal of a Confederate statue. The group on Sunday denied any association with the suspect.
Meanwhile, a message posted Saturday night on a leading neo-Nazi website called The Daily Stormer promised future events that would be “bigger than Charlottesville.”
The mayor of Charlottesville, political leaders of all political stripes, and activists and community organizers around the country planned rallies, vigils and education campaigns to combat the hate groups. They also urged President Donald Trump to forcefully denounce the organizations, some of which specifically cited Trump's election after a campaign of racially charged rhetoric as validation of their beliefs. Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced late Saturday that federal authorities would pursue a civil rights investigation into the circumstances surrounding the crash.
Weimer said Fields left school for a while, and when they came back they were quieter about politics until their senior year, when politicians started to declare their candidacy for the 2016 presidential race. Weimer said Fields was a big Trump supporter because of what they believed to be Trump's views on race. Trump's proposal to build a border wall with Mexico was particularly appealing to Fields, Weimer said. Fields also admired the Confederacy for its military prowess, they said, though they never spoke about slavery.
As a senior, Fields wanted to become a tank commander in the Army. Weimer, a former officer in the Ohio National Guard, guided them through the process of applying, they said, believing that the military would expose Fields to people of different races and backgrounds and help dispel their white supremacist views. But Fields was ultimately turned down, which was a big blow, Weimer said. Weimer said they lost contact with Fields after they graduated and was surprised to hear reports that Fields had enlisted in the Army.
Army spokesperson Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson said Fields reported for basic military training in August 2015, but was released from active duty four months later “due to a failure to meet training standards.”
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Award season is upon us and this morning (Dec. 10), the Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA) announced nominees for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards. A handful of music stars earned nominations for the event, which will honor 2017's best in film and television.
Related: Snoop Dogg, Carrie Underwood, Mary J. Blige, Ice-T, Others to Receive Star on Hollywood Walk of Fame
Mary J. Blige scored twin nods for the Netflix release Mudbound. In addition to a Best Song nomination for “Mighty River,” the hip-hop/soul legend earned a nod for Best Supporting Actress. The singer's breakout performance in the film may lead to an Oscar nomination in the New Year.
Mariah Carey joins Blige in the Best Song category for “The Star,” their contribution to the soundtrack from the film of the same name. “This Is Me” from The Greatest Showman, “Remember Me” from Coco and “Home” from Ferdinand round out the category. “Home” was performed by Nick Jonas.
Radiohead's Jonny Greenwood earned a nomination for Best Original Score, for Phantom Thread composition.
Director Guillermo del Toro's The Shape of the Water led this year's Globe nominations with seven. Steven Spielberg's Watergate drama The Post earned six, along with Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.
Vote For Minnesota's Best Hard Cider The air's getting crisp, every store has some form of pumpkin spice in stock, and fall is sweeping into Minnesota!
Guide To 2017 Labor Day Weekend Events In MinnesotaSporting and cultural events will mark the transition from summer to fall during the Labor Day weekend. Minnesota will feature some of the best entertainment productions. While baseball features prominently on many Labor Day weekend schedules, for other activities a weekend guide can be useful.
How To Quell Wanderlust Between Trips Five tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Navarasa Nayaka Jaggesh's first son, Guru a.k.a Gururaj Jaggesh, was stabbed by miscreants on Saturday morning, August 12. The mishap took place in R. T. Nagar on the morning of August 12.
Gururaj was attacked by a couple of goons when the former was going to drop their kids to school. By standers opine that the entire mishap took place due to misunderstanding, apparently.
The actor has now been admitted to a private hospital and is getting treatment. Reportedly, since the felons stabbed them on their thighs due to which the actor is said to be safe and sound. Police have apparently registered a complaint and have visited the spot to investigate more.
Actor Jaggesh, who reacted to this mishap, responded to the media's queries and said, "Guru had gone to drop the kids to school on that morning. On the way, there was an altercation between my son and some miscreants which led to the misfortune."
They further added, "No, we do not know who they are. It is not about any enmity. They might be some rowdy-sheeters who do all these deleterious acts. If they had stabbed theirs even a little upwards, things would have taken a different turn by now. Thank God, they are safe and is recovering well."
Jaggesh concluded by saying that their son will be fine as long as people's blessings are on them and their family. Gururaj Jaggesh was last seen in the recently released, Mass Leader, alongside Shivarajkumar and Vijay Raghavendra.
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
LOS ANGELES — UCLA guard Jaylen Hands has withdrawn their name from the NBA draft and will return to school for their sophomore season.
Hands joins guard Kris Wilkes in deciding to forgo the pro ranks to play a second season in college.
Hands averaged 9.9 points, 4.0 rebounds and 2.6 assists for the Bruins last season. The San Diego native started 15 of 31 games in which they appeared.
Coach Steve Alford said Wednesday that Hands will be a vital part of the Bruins' backcourt and they have room to grow and improve.
Replaces Trish Leahey who left earlier this year to join the National Gallery of Australia
Peter Conn
The Australian Research Council (ARC) has named its new chief information officer as Peter Conn.
Conn has been acting CIO – promoted from director of operations for the ARC's ICT Services Branch – following the departure of Trish Leahey earlier this year.
Leahey spent five years with the ARC, before they left the organisation in August to take up the role of inaugural CIO at the National Gallery of Australia
Conn is responsible for all ICT services for the ARC including the provision of a suite of web applications for ARC clients — such as its Research Management System (RMS) and System to Evaluate the Excellence (SEER). He'll also provide support for ARC's corporate applications, desktop, IT security and infrastructure services, the council said.
Conn joined the ARC in March 2014, from the Department of Finance.
“During their career in ICT they have held a broad range of roles in government and the private sector, contributing their skills and expertise to the delivery of ICT infrastructure and application projects as well as playing a critical role in Service Delivery Reform,” the ARC said in a statement today.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
iStock/Thinkstock(ISTANBUL) — Turkey's narrow approval of a historic referendum will add to the already significant powers of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and could signal trouble ahead for the Middle Eastern nation, experts told ABC News.
The referendum approved Sunday included 18 constitutional amendments, including abolishing the office of prime minister, which will eliminate a critical counterbalance to Erdoğan's power. The changes will take effect after the next election in 2019.
The measure's approval will also weaken the country's parliament and give Erdoğan increased authority in picking judges and ministers, according to experts who spoke to ABC News.
Stronger, but weaker too
Despite the boost to Erdoğan's power, the vote on the referendum signaled a decrease in their overall popularity in Turkey, according to Gönül Tol, founding director of The Middle East Institute's Center for Turkish Studies in Washington, D.C.
The referendum won Sunday — as confirmed by the head of Turkey's electoral board although the vote count will continue for more than a week — with “yes” votes leading “no” votes by 51.2 percent to 48.8 percent, with over 47 million votes counted, according to the state-run Anadolu Agency.
That result falls well short of the 60 percent approval that Erdoğan had hoped for, despite theirs having a massive media advantage, Tol said.
In addition, the president for the first time lost the support of some of the country's major cities, including their hometown of Istanbul.
“This is actually a huge success for the “no” campaign,” Tol told ABC News.
They also pointed out that the vote is being challenged by the opposition on grounds of alleged voter fraud.
The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE), an observer mission that has been monitoring the vote on the Turkish referendum, alleged Monday that the voting process “fell short” of international standards.
“If Erdoğan had won by a larger margin, it might be different,” Tol said. “But to have this shift toward dictatorship without strong support and with questions of foul play, it will lead to further instability. It's going to be hard for them to run a deeply divided country.”
The end of what could have been
The referendum's approval may close off the possibility for modern democratic values to take hold in Turkey, some analysts say.
“The Turkish Republic has always been flawed, but it always contained the aspiration that — against the backdrop of the principles to which successive constitutions claimed fidelity — it could become a democracy. Erdoğan's new Turkey closes off that prospect,” wrote Steven Cook, a senior fellow for the Middle East and Africa Studies at the Council on Foreign Relations, in an op-ed for Foreign Policy magazine on Sunday.
Cook told ABC News Monday that Erdoğan's support came from lower- and middle-class voters who have indeed seen positive changes in their lives and were therefore willing to back their ambition for increased authority.
“His core constituency at this point includes many religiously pious voters,” Cook said. “And they are people who have seen themselves become healthier, wealthier, and have increased transportation during their rule.”
The referendum win left Erdoğan's secular and liberal-minded opponents in a state of flux, Cook said.
“I think that what you'll see from here forward are more spontaneous and leaderless bursts of protest,” they said, referring to a wave of anti-government protests in Turkey that made headlines in 2013. “You'll also see increased polarization among the Turkish people.”
The US and Syria
Cook told ABC News that they didn't feel that the referendum meant much to America's relations with Turkey, one of its most important allies in the region, considering that the U.S. has a history of dealing with autocratic leaders. They added, however, the measure's approval raises questions about “whether or not Turkey shares common values” with the U.S.
Tol said, however, that Erdoğan's weakened support at home opens possibilities for change.
They said Erdoğan might be forced by the relatively weak results to reach out Turkey's Kurdish population, the country's largest non-Turkish ethnic group, which accounts for between 10 and 20 percent of the population, according to most estimates.
If Erdoğan establishes better relations with their country's Kurds, they might find more common ground with the U.S. over its relationship with Syrian Kurds, who represent a critical U.S. ally in the region, including in the fight against ISIS in Syria, experts said.
“That's the hope,” said Jim Jeffrey, who served as the U.S. ambassador to Turkey from 2008 to 2010 under President Obama.
Jeffrey struck a cautiously optimistic tone about how the referendum may affect Turkish-U.S. relations, saying the weak “yes” vote might signal the best possible outcome.
“Had Erdoğan lost this vote, they would have lashed out at their enemies and become consumed with trying to bring the issue back to vote,” Jeffrey said.
“We need them to move beyond this issue,” Jeffrey said.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Modern theatre-goers have fallen into a rut. They sit down in their red velvet seats and expect a two-act performance that tells them a story. The University of Wisconsin – Stevens Point Department of Theatre and Dance intends to break those expectations through its performance of Jacques Brel Is Alive and Well and Living in Paris, a 49-year-old musical revue.
The show, which opened Feb. 10 and will run until Feb. 18., features a cast of five men and five women. Each cast member sings solo as well as participates in group numbers.
The structure of the performance is through individual songs, written by the show's namesake Jacques Brel. These songs, each three to four minutes in duration, tell their own stories but fit together to form the 90-minute performance.
Laura Paruzynski, a first-year student musical theatre major, is an ensemble member in the show.
“Jacques Brel is a show that most colleges wouldn't have the opportunity to take on because of its small cast, lack of script and its lack of popularity,” Paruzynski said. “But that is what I find so appealing about it.”
The show was chosen based on its unique dynamic and structure, as well as its fit for the current season and group of students involved.
“This show is unlike anything that has been done at UWSP,” Miles Yokom, first-year student musical theatre major, said. “Since there is no dialogue, we have to convey all of the ideas and characters through our songs, which is difficult to do without spoken context.”
While the freeform style of Jacques Brel brings challenges, it also brings its own attributes.
“The coolest thing about this show is that it has no set place, time or characters,” Paruzynski said. “Our director, Mark Hanson, came into the process with the intention of creating something with the cast.”
Traditionally, musical revues have strong themes of satire.
Mark Hanson, assistant professor of theatre and dance and director of Jacques Brel Is Alive and Well and Living in Paris, said this show doesn't satirize but focuses on “the ridiculous and funny side of dark subjects” like love, war, sex, loneliness and childhood.
“Brel is sincere on the face of their songs,” Hanson said. “But their wit and charm can skew any subject matter.”
The messages of the revue come through the lyrics of each song.
“Every song Brel wrote has not only an intriguing melody but also thought-provoking lyrics,” Paruzynski said. “He wrote about the times in a way no one had before.”
Christof Krumenacker, sophomore musical theatre major performing in Jacques Brel, also spoke on the show's music.
“With every new song comes an entirely new sound,” Krumenacker said. “There is so much variety in this show that if you don't like one song, just wait for the next one because it will have an entirely new feel.”
Though Jacques Brel sets out to defy expectations, those involved in the production of the show hope that audiences will be open to what it has to offer in lieu of conventionality.
“Our hope for this show is to have our audiences leaving with more questions than answers, but it's important to realize that there are no right or wrong answers,” Yokom said.
“Anyone who comes to see it should walk in with an open mind,” Krumenacker said. “We hope this show will have people talking about it days after and wanting to come and see it again. This show also requires the audience to create their own opinions as to what they think is happening in each song and in the overall performance.”
“I hope audiences leave the theatre having felt empathy or recognition with something in the show,” Hanson said. “We all go to the theatre to feel something and Jacques Brel is a master of putting emotion to the front of their songs.”
Tickets for this weekend's performances are available for purchase at the Information and Ticket Office in the Dreyfus University Center.
Kathryn Wisniewski
Reporter
kathryn.e.wisniewski@uwsp.edu
Questions, Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn@comcast.net
Dangal earned a record breaking 1,000 crores at the box office in China. So will Aamir Khan's focus be solely on China for Thugs Of Hindostan? Well, Aamir Khan is a true son of the soil and their heart beats only for India. Thankfully, Dangal has done exceptionally well in China, so much so, that their President Xi Jinping told our Prime Minister Narendra Modi, "I liked watching Dangal."
Aamir Khan has now created a niche market for themselves in China and the film-makers of Thugs Of Hindostan can bet heavily on the Chinese market to bring extra moolah at the box office. The film will do well both in India and China and in return, Aamir Khan will help cement the friendship and economy of the two neighbouring countries, India and China.
They Are None Other Than Sara Ali Khan!
Yes, that's absolutely true! Even before their debut film 'Kedarnath' hits the marque, Sara Ali Khan has bagged their second film. This time, we would get to see their romance Ranveer Singh on the big screen in Rohit Shetty's Simmba.
A Fresh Pairing
Rohit Shetty and Karan Johar have signed Sara Ali Khan for the film, which will be directed by Rohit. Sara will be seen opposite Ranveer, who plays the role of a notorious cop, Sangram Bhalerao. The film, which brings together the fresh pairing of Ranveer and Sara, also marks the debut collaboration between Rohit Shetty and Karan Johar.
Check Out The Official Announcement
Dharma Productions tweeted, "A stunning fresh face + the unlimited energy of a superstar + the craft of the 2 biggest filmmakers = BLOCKBUSTER already! #Simmba @karanjohar @apoorvamehta18 @RanveerOfficial #SaraAliKhan
Ranveer On Working With Rohit Shetty In Simmba
Earlier while speaking to Pinkvilla, Ranveer had said, "I am so lucky to be working with Rohit Shetty, they are the king of masala films. People are looking forward to us working together and I am happy to see that kind of excitement level. These are the types of films I have grown up watching. Masala films are in my blood and I'm very excited to be working in Simmba. Better who than Rohit Shetty, the king of that genre, so I m definitely looking forward."
'It's An Incredible Feeling'
They further added, "If I have to give myself credit, I have made my own luck and opportunities could come my way. Now that it has, I am over the moon and I can't tell you how lucky I feel in and as Simmba in a Rohit Shetty film. It's an incredible feeling."
Simmba Is Not An Exact Remake Of Temper
Filmmaker Rohit Shetty had earlier clarified, "We have bought the rights of Temper but our film is not exactly a remake. We wanted to take four-five scenes from Temper but we thought it's better to buy the rights. It's what we did with Singham. Our film was different from the original Singham except a few scenes. Here also, we have written our own film taking the exact idea."
Detroit's Matthew Stafford (9) has one of the strongest arms in the NFL and will once again be watched closely by Carolina's Luke Kuechly (59), as they were in this 2014 game in Charlotte. David T. Foster, III dtfoster@charlotteobserver.com
With only days until graduation, a North Carolina honor roll student has been banned from the ceremony and may even be expelled — all over a shirt they wore to school.
The student, named Summer, was wearing an off-the-shoulder top at Hickory Ridge High School on Wednesday when the principal informed them in the cafeteria that they were violating the dress code, news station WCNC reported.
The principal allegedly insisted they put on a jacket, since their lower back was exposed, which is not in compliance with the dress code.
Summer, who declined to provide their last name, pushed back at the suggestion, according to a suspension notice obtained by WCNC.
“My shirt is fine,” they allegedly said.
Since they did not have a jacket, their friend loaned them one.
“I pulled it up, put the jacket over it, zipped up the jacket,” Summer told WCNC.
According to Summer, they thought that was the end of the confrontation, but the principal told them to change their outfit. Since they have had issues with the school official before, they wanted their mother contacted before they obliged.
Summer proceeded to go to class, but the confrontation escalated when the principal and a student resource officer came into the classroom.
“[The officer] was within five feet of me, they had their hand on their gun,” they said. “[The principal] said, ‘I'm gonna give you an ultimatum. We have tried to call your mother. You either come with me to the control room to change your shirt or we will arrest you.'”
Summer was slapped with a 10-day suspension and banned from any senior activities, including graduation. The official reason stated for their suspension was “insubordination.”
“It's just sad because I worked so hard for four years to walk across that stage,” they said.
They claimed the principal is still considering expulsion, even though that may put them plans to go to college on a full scholarship in jeopardy.
“A full ride means so much and that is on the line right now,” they said.
After a brief self-imposed retirement, director Steven Soderbergh returns to the director's chair with frequent fellow collaborator Channing Tatum in the new film Logan Lucky. The country boy caper revolves around the Lucky brothers Max (Tatum) and Clyde (Adam Driver) who devise a plan to break their family's streak of bad luck by robbing the Charlotte Motor Speedway. The two simple fellows devise an elaborate plan that unfolds with varied results and will make you glad Soderbergh went back on their word and returned to Hollywood.
Even though Logan Lucky is a heist flick with a nice chunk of the action taking place in North Carolina, Soderbergh also captures a little slice of Americana in the tiny mountain town in West Virginia where the Logan Brothers reside. Channing Tatum and Adam Driver create an enjoyable people watching experience mixing the right amount of dumb charm and weirdness to complete this West Virginia duo. Driver especially shines playing it straight as the one-handed ex soldier Max who quietly delivers some of the funniest lines of the movie with their deadpan reactions to their hot-headed brother Max serving as the leader of this redneck criminal conspiracy. Daniel Craig also gets to shed their Bond persona and become a scene stealer as the incarcerated Joe Bang. The name is fitting since they are a convict who likes to make safes and banks go boom. It really is a nice turn for Craig who shows they can make you laugh in a creepy white trash style.
The cast including Elvis Presley's granddaughter Riley Keough as the sexy and sly Logan sister Millie really brings these oddball characters to life who are such a blast to watch get into trouble over the course of Logan Lucky. Steven Soderbergh is no stranger to high stakes burglary flicks helming the Ocean's Eleven franchise, but this film is more of a southern fried version of that popular film series. There's no glitz and glam, just pickup trucks, accents and John Denver tunes. Even the movie refers to itself as “Ocean's 7-11” at one point fully realizing the shared similarities in the story telling.
The two unlucky brothers are an easy pair to root for as they try to create a better life for themselves after being dealt a lousy hand of circumstances. Logan Lucky throws a nice change-up for ticket buyers being so goofy at times with some dopey country boys stealing loads of cash, but actually having a very smart presentation that is wrapped up in a blue-collar package. Steven Soderbergh sends the audience for a loop in the third act creating confusion about some of the character's actions, but manages to bring it all together in very satisfying fashion. These Robin Hood rednecks take the audience on a wild ride that will have you smiling ear to ear as the plan plays out in unexpected ways that will keep you guessing and enjoying the hijinks in Logan Lucky.
Overall, I give Logan Lucky 3 out of 4 stars.
Follow T.M. on Twitter @tmpowellCW44 and become a fan on Facebook.
Read all of T.M.'s reviews HERE!
Shrenu Shares The Horrific Incident
"As a kid I used to spend my vacations at my grandparents' town! Those days we travelled in a local bus! And when the seats used to be occupied my grandfather used to request someone to share the seat for me! Similarly one uncle offered to nanu that "il make them sit on my lap"." - (sic)
Shrenu Molested At The Age 6
"He willingly agreed thought at least I won't get tired, they made me sit on their lap! Me as a child couldn't know what's gonna happen to me I dozed off, only woke up to the feeling of being inappropriately being touched by that uncle!" - (sic)
The Actress Narrates Shocking Story
"I could sense something's wrong but I went all numb and thought it's ok for them to hold me like that! I could see my naanu standing a little away from me but couldn't tell them anything not then not later!" - (sic) (Image Source: Instagram)
They Wish They Would Have Spoken About It & Punished The Man!
"I wish I would have spoken about it, I wish that man would've gotten their share of punishment for molesting a 6 year old!" - (sic)
Ishqbaaz Actress Further Writes
"Not once but so many such incidents have happened , I've known from my friends but we never talk about it! Never raise our voices cz we are scared of how the society will eventually not believe us and we don't stand for ourselves!" - (sic)
Ishqbaaz ‘Me Too' Moment
"What's happening with Gauri is something I'm sure we all have faced on some or the other level in our lives! And that's why m so glad we did this track so that women can come out and speak. If we don't own our truth anybody else will. This is just a small attempt to create a space for all of us to share our stories and raise our voices! #ishqbaaaz #metoo." - (sic)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Police say a car recovered from the Missouri River on Monday was reported stolen from Overland Park on Sunday night. FOX 4 was there as crews hoisted it from the river early Monday evening.
Crews navigated some dangerous conditions to do it. The white, four-door car went into the water near 1000 Riverfront Road according to police. They contacted the owner, and say the owner is okay. Exactly what happened before the stolen vehicle plunged into the river is not yet known.
However, authorities breathed a sigh of relief when it was recovered empty.
“There were no people inside the vehicle, which was our worst nightmare. We were hoping that no one would be found inside the vehicle,” said KCPD Officer Darin Snapp.
Looking along the river, you could tell that locating the car was no easy job.
“Here on the Missouri River the visibility is zero, because of all the silt that's suspended and constantly moving,” said Sergeant Charles Hoff with the Missouri Highway Patrol dive team.
The team assembled from across the state, and spent much of Monday trying to locate the car, after local teams called off the search Sunday night due to dark and dangerous conditions. Sgt. Hoff says their crew of six divers also faced fast-moving water, at about 3-to-5 miles an hour.
"With the force of the water, it's hard to stay in place and do the work that you're trying to do against a force like that,” said Sgt. Hoff.
They dodged objects that were visibly floating on the river, and the ones they couldn't see like a sunken barge that has started to break apart.
“We were working over the decks of that, and you know the stuff sticking up off of it, and you just have to feel your way along,” said Sgt. Hoff.
They said once they reached the car, things got even tougher as crews worked to attach it to tow cables. Then, once it was lifted, came the unsettling suspense of waiting to see what was inside. In this case, it wasn't as bad as it could have been.
"I'd prefer not to ever have to pull the car out with a missing person in it, but by the same token, when we do that we're helping the family waiting at home to find out what happened to them,” said Sgt. Hoff .
The dive team trains monthly in zero-visibility conditions to prepare for recoveries like the one that happened on Monday, according to Sgt. Hoff. Since the car was stolen from Overland Park, that city's police department will now investigate.
This is one way to dump a friend.
An elderly Briton whose relationship with their pal went down the toilet saved their feces for several weeks in a revolting scheme in which they pumped the excrement into the man's home, the Mirror reported.
Geoffrey Holroyd-Doveton, 75, of Rotherham, told police they thought Donald Wicks had contributed to their divorce more than two years ago and “ruined my life,” according to the news outlet.
Armed with their stinky load, Holroyd-Doveton traveled to Braintree, Essex, to carry out the vile attack on the home of Wicks and their hubby, Richard, while they were away on New Year's Day.
“It would seem that the defendant defecated into a container and kept that for six to eight weeks,” prosecutor Lesla Small said. “He had constructed a homemade pump and used that pump through the letterbox.
“Using that pump they have pushed the excrement through the letterbox causing that to splatter over the hallway, up the stairs and onto the back wall,” they said.
Surveillance footage captured the vengeful pooper in the act outside the couple's home, Small added.
Wicks described the incident in court as “despicable” and “disgusting.”
“It immediately caused me to feel very anxious and unable to sleep due to the stress,” they said. “I felt my personal space, our home, had been invaded.”
Holroyd-Doveton pleaded guilty at Ipswich Magistrates Court to causing more than $5,000 in damage.
Their lawyer, Emily Hughes, said they felt isolated and depressed after their marriage failed and was “incredibly sorry for their actions.”
Judge Michael Cadman apparently found the defense a load of crap and slapped Holroyd-Doveton with a suspended jail sentence, with 80 hours of unpaid work.
They also imposed a restraining order that bars Holroyd-Doveton from contacting Wicks or venturing within a mile of their home.
“This is a pretty horrific offense. I think it is almost as bad as I have seen in my 30 years as a magistrate,” Cadman said.
SHAKOPEE, Minn. (WCCO) — A criminal investigation continued Tuesday into alleged sexting by members of the Shakopee High School boys hockey team.
On Monday, the school and Shakopee police announced they were looking into the sharing of explicit pictures of several female students.
In a statement Monday, the school urged parents to talk to their kids about the dangers of transmitting inappropriate images.
Criminal defense attorney Joe Tamburino, who has handled sexting cases involving both juveniles and adults, says that when it comes to juveniles, the lines are clear-cut.
“It's child pornography,” they said, adding, “A juvenile cannot consent to partake in some kind of sexual or pornographic material.”
Tamburino says many teens just don't understand.
“If you have a 17-year-old boy and a 17-year-old girl, and they decide to share images with each other that are of a sexual nature, they could be charged,” the attorney said.
The consequences can be devastating. Under state and federal law, possessing child porn is a felony and the impact of a conviction is lifelong.
“They will have to register as a sex offender, and that is what is really sad about this, because you don't want that to happen,” Tamburino said.
Because of the possible harsh consequences, prosecutors are increasingly finding alternative ways to handle juvenile cases.
But it's not just kids that can get in trouble.
Under Minnesota's new so-called “revenge porn law,” it is now a crime for an adult to share explicit images without the other adult's consent.
“So, if you have a picture of someone that you are intimately involved with and you share it with others without their permission, you could be in trouble,” Tamburino said.
For both kids and adults, an important thing to remember is that if you receive one of these images — and even if you quickly delete it — that image could end up being saved on some kind of back up or cloud server.
If a family shares a cloud account, that image could exist on an account that has mom and dad's name on it, too.
Up And Coming International Vacation SpotsThings change fast in the international world of travel. From time to time, there are fairly untouched gems, like Mozambique 15 years ago or Cuba 10 years ago. For very different reasons, Germany, Argentina, the Philippines, and Madagascar are destinations to consider or re-consider for your up-and-coming vacation bucket list.
Wander Minnesota: The Science of PixarThe Science of Pixar at the Science Museum of Minnesota will thrill fans (of all ages) of the legendary animation studio.
Top 5 Vacations For People Who Don't Like Big CitiesGet away from big city life by taking your vacation in five of the best small towns in America
America's 5 Best Rivers For Fly FishingAn introduction to five of America's best fly fishing rivers
West Virginia Gov. Jim Justice says he's switching parties to join the Republicans as President Donald Trump visited the increasingly conservative state.
Justice told about 9,000 Trump supporters at a rally in Huntington on Thursday night that they will be changing their registration Friday.
They say that they recently visited the White House twice with proposals on manufacturing and coal, that neither they nor Trump are politicians and they both ran to get something done.
Justice says Trump is their friend, a good man with real ideas who cares about West Virginians.
Trump says they spoke a few weeks ago about working together to open coal mines and create jobs in furniture manufacturing and other forms of manufacturing.
They say Justice showed the country their agenda “rises above left or right.”
The latest killing brings to 20 Nigerians extra-judicially killed in South in 2016 alone.
The post Nigeria condemns killing of citizen in South Africa appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
The surprising way anxiety is good for you Feeling a little anxious? There's a silver lining, according to a new study. Anxiety could help sharpen your memory, per researchers at the University of Waterloo in Canada. In a...
Autopsy reveals Vegas gunman had anti-anxiety meds in system An autopsy found Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock had anti-anxiety drugs in their system but was not under the influence of them and was otherwise healthy. The autopsy was released...
Scientists identify brain's 'anxiety cells' — and how to control them Scientists have discovered specialized brains cells that appear to influence anxiety levels. The research, published in science journal Neuron, found that scientists could control the activity of the brains cells...
What to do when your job is giving you panic attacks Sleep on this. There's one thing that makes supermodel and $22-million-a-year earner Kendall Jenner just like thousands of other Americans: Work leaves them suffering “debilitating anxiety.” In an interview with...
What too much business travel can do to your health Traveling for business can take an emotional toll on employees. People who take work trips two weeks or more a month report more symptoms of anxiety and depression and are...
My OCD made me think I was selling my soul to Satan Obsessive compulsive disorder was a living hell for this Brooklyn photographer. The condition was so evil it — it convinced Brandon Petulla, 22, that he'd sold their soul to the...
Working from home is a recipe for disaster We've all fantasized about working from home. Rolling out of bed midmorning and beginning work still dressed in pajamas, avoiding those sickeningly perky co-workers the moment you walk into the...
Synthetic 'love hormone' could be key to treating mental illness A new synthetic version of the “love hormone” could soon be used to treat mental illness like anxiety and schizophrenia, experts says. A team of researchers from the University of...
The holidays don't have to be the most stressful time of the year The holidays can be overwhelming. They're filled with shopping, festive gatherings and an unhealthy amount of stress. But there are ways to get around all that extra stress. Clinical psychologist...
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
China-US air growth slows as Xiamen Airlines flies Fuzhou-New York, making the world a smaller place
The world becomes a smaller place on 15-Feb-2017 with the launch of Xiamen Airlines' Fuzhou-New York JFK service. The route is a not a headline grabber like the ultra long hauls of Singapore-San Francisco or Doha-Auckland. But linking the two cities brings a nonstop flight to what is, by some calculations, the largest unserved trans-Pacific market.
The new flight reflects on current themes in the market between Asia and North America: the growth from China's secondary cities, more Chinese airlines being catapulted onto the world stage, and impacts to one stop competitors.
Fuzhou-New York will initially be only flown three times a week, supporting competitors' retorts that they have a frequency advantage – or at least for now. Competitors have also claimed a better product, but Xiamen's 787-9 is China's fifth widebody to offer direct aisle access business class. Soft service is catching up, and likewise for commercial planning: Xiamen's 787-9s do away with first class. This report looks at the growth of China and the rest of Asia to North America as growth momentum slows with China's bilateral capacity being reached. [1954 words]
Unlock the following content in this report:
Subheadings: Fuzhou-New York fulfils Xiamen's 787 vision
Xiamen Airlines introduces direct aisle access: fifth Chinese aircraft to have it
Secondary Chinese markets account for 8% of China-North America
China-North America growth slows from 20% to 10%
Outlook: Chinese airlines are both creating new demand, and chipping away at competitors Graphs and data: Xiamen Airlines Fleet Summary: as at 28-Jan-2017
Xiamen Airlines top 10 hubs/bases/stations/focus cities for available system seat capacity: 13-Feb-2017 to 19-Feb-2017
Average daily flights to North America from primary and secondary mainland Chinese cities (left axis) and the share of secondary city services (right axis): 2007-2017
Average additional annual daily flights from primary and secondary mainland Chinese cities: 2008-2017
Mainland China-North America additional annual available seats compared to the prior year: 2008-2017
Please login to continue reading or find out more about CAPA Membership below.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – Miami-Dade Fire Rescue performed a perilous rescue of two men left dangling on the side of a Palmetto Bay building after their scaffolding partially collapsed.
The workers were on the side of the building at 18001 Old Cutler Road when a swing stage scaffold collapsed. The four story building was once the headquarters of Burger King.
One of the workers was left dangling on the side of the building by their safety harness. The other was trapped a part of the scaffold which did not drop.
Miami-Dade Fire Rescue was able to lower a firefighter from the roof to the man who was dangling. The man was strapped into a harness and lowered to a waiting rescue crew.
A second firefighter was then lowered to the remaining man trapped on the scaffold. A safety harness was put around them and attached to the firefighter's harness. Both men were then lowered to the ground to safety.
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
Las Vegas Metro police said they are looking for a man suspected of sexually assaulting a juvenile Wednesday.
Officers responded to the incident at 4:35 p.m. in an alleyway near Palos Verdes Street and East Twain Avenue. Officers found the injured juvenile and they were transported to Sunrise Hospital.
Citing the investigation, police said the victim was walking alone near the area of Twain and Swenson when a man driving a black BMW approached them and offered them a ride. The victim got into the car and the suspect drove around the area for several minutes before sexually assaulting them at gunpoint. The victim was reportedly told to get out of the vehicle near the alleyway, which is where two people passing by found them
Police described the suspect as a black man, between the ages of 20 and 30 years old. They were tall, with a slender but muscular build, and bald with some hair on their chin. They were driving a black BMW four-door sedan.
Anyone with information on this incident is urged to contact Metro's Sexual Assault section at 702-828-3421. To remain anonymous, call Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Cycling On The Beach
Lisa Haydon always posts pictures on their social media and they are something that evoke wonder!
Lisa's Beach Tales
When was the last time you saw a swimsuit-clad actor cycling on the beach? We're sure you won't ever see something like this again, folks!
Top Priority For Beaches
If you look at Lisa Haydon's Instagram handle, the majority of their pictures are only at the beaches. No matter where they go on a holiday, they always make sure that it's the coastal sides.
Smoking Hot Lisa Haydon
Doesn't Lisa Haydon look way too hot in their swimsuit here? Them platinum hair makes the picture even hotter.
Playing The Bongo
Lisa Haydon and their son Zack are seen playing the bongo. While Lisa is enthusiastically playing the instrument, Zack jumps all over Lisa's legs.
Friends, Beach & Booze
Chilling by the beach along with friends and having a beer and hearty laugh is what we all dream of, folks!
Friends For Life
Lisa Haydon captioned this picture as, "Will probably never get around to having as many kids as our parents gave us siblings- Or my aunt gave us cousins. But I'll try my best to put my drop in the ocean ... because for me THIS IS LIFE."-(sic)
Living Life To The Fullest
Lisa Haydon always lives life to the fullest and is now inspiring several others to go on a summer vacation to Goa and just sit back, relax and enjoy the beach.
Raheem Sterling has been brilliant for Manchester City this season, but their miss in the 71st minute of Saturday's game against Burnley will likely go down as the worst miss of the year.
Sterling had a chance to all but put away the game with 20 minutes left to play, but they misplayed a perfect cross from Kyle Walker and shot wide of the goal.
STERLING HOW HAVE YOU MISSED THAT?! pic.twitter.com/7rJo2wmfZW — NBC Sports Soccer (@NBCSportsSoccer) February 3, 2018
The miss would cost Manchester City later in the game, as Burnley scored an equalizer in the 82nd minute to earn a point.
Report: Uber Paid Off Hacker To Destroy Stolen User Data
Uber paid $100,000 to a 20-year-old Florida man responsible for the recently disclosed data breach that compromised the personal information of 57 million riders and drivers in 2016, multiple sources told Reuters.
Three people familiar with the incident said an unidentified Florida man contacted Uber after breaching a server in October and stealing information including the names and email addresses of ride-share users in the U.S. and abroad, Reuters reported Wednesday.
The culprit's message was forwarded to Uber's "bug bounty" team and ultimately made its way to HackerOne, a third party company that awards researchers for revealing security flaws in clients' products.
HackerOne subsequently paid the person $100,000 in exchange for erasing the stole Uber data, the sources told Reuters.
Uber announced Nov. 21 that hackers breached a third-party server last year and stole the names and email addresses of 57 million users, among other personal information.
"At the time of the incident, we took immediate steps to secure the data and shut down further unauthorized access by the individuals," Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi said in the announcement. "We subsequently identified the individuals and obtained assurances that the downloaded data had been destroyed. We also implemented security measures to restrict access to and strengthen controls on our cloud-based storage accounts."
Mr. Khosrowshahi learned of the incident after becoming Uber's chief executive in August, and he's since terminated two employees implicated in its response,Joe Sullivan, Uber's former head of security, and a deputy, attorney Craig Clark.
Another three members of Uber's security subsequently resigned from their roles last week.
Reuters didn't identify the Florida hacker by name, but a source described them as "living with their mom in a small home trying to help pay the bills."
Uber declined to pursue criminal charges after determining that the person didn't pose an additional threat and eventually paid the hacker after confirming their identity and making them sign a nondisclosure agreement, Reuters reported.
"In all cases when a bug bounty award is processed through HackerOne, we receive identifying information of the recipient in the form of an IRS W-9 or W-8BEN form before payment of the award can be made," HackerOne CEO Marten Mickos told Reuters.
Uber spokesperson Matt Kallman declined to comment, the report said.
Uber has come under fire since disclosing the data breach last month more than a year after the fact, and the incident is currently being reviewed by state and federal regulators in the U.S. and abroad.
Sen. Bill Nelson, Florida Democrat, cited Uber's delayed admission while reintroducing legislation last week that carries prison time for corporate executives caught deliberately concealing data breaches such as the October 2016 incident.
"We need a strong federal law in place to hold companies truly accountable for failing to safeguard data or inform consumers when that information has been stolen by hackers," Mr. Nelson said in a statement. "Congress can either take action now to pass this long overdue bill or continue to kowtow to special interests who stand in the way of this commonsense proposal. When it comes to doing what's best for consumers, the choice is clear."
© 2017 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Meek Mill was released from prison today. And Philadelphia 76ers co-owner Michael Rubin picked them up …to take them to a game.
It wasn't easy. Logistically.
😊😊😊😊😊 #meekmill A post shared by @ meekmilly215_ on Apr 24, 2018 at 4:10pm PDT
But Meek made it to the Wells Fargo Center and was greeted by Rubin's family, friends and team members.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court overruled the judge that has repeatedly sent Meek back to jail for technical probation violations and ordered they be immediately released from prison on bail. In the order, the state's highest court granted Meek “extraordinary relief” because of the flawed case against the rapper based on the testimony of a witness, former Philadelphia police officer Reggie Graham, who even prosecutors agree has “credibility issues.”
“As such, the Commonwealth agreed that (Meek) is entitled to PCRA relief. Moreover, as reflected in filings in this Court, the Commonwealth has stated it is not opposed to Petitioner being granted immediate bail.”
HAPPENING NOW: Crowd gathers outside the State Correctional Institution in Chester, PA where Meek Mill is expected to be released pic.twitter.com/q0OowvR9GC — FOX 29 (@FOX29philly) April 24, 2018
Judge Genece Brinkley has regularly locked Meek up over the course of more than a decade and it's been alleged that the judge has targeted Meek and also has credibility issues related to this case.
.@MeekMill attorney statement: “We are thrilled that the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has directed Judge Brinkley to immediately issue an order releasing Meek on bail. As we have said all along, Meek was unjustly convicted…” more @FOX29philly NOW — Sabina Kuriakose (@SabinaKuriakose) April 24, 2018
Fans waited outside Chester State Correctional Institution for the MC to be let go.
.@FOX29philly 200 Meek Mill fans gather outside prison waiting for rapper's release after court orders bail.#fox29 pic.twitter.com/4ieBlBH6kY — Dave Schratwieser (@DSchratwieser) April 24, 2018
The prison superintendent Marirosa Lamas was photographed discussing the release process with Meek's team.
.@FOX29philly Meek Mill's representatives being briefed by Warden about their pending release from prison.#fox29 pic.twitter.com/dNwvZUfCrW — Dave Schratwieser (@DSchratwieser) April 24, 2018
An hour before, comedian and Meek friend Kevin Hart, rapper Rick Ross and Philadelphia 76ers co-owner Michael G. Rubin all posted on social media that Meek was being released. Rubin said Meek would be at Game 5 against the Miami Heat. By 6 p.m. while considered “free,” Meek was actually still inside Chester prison because of the logistics of releasing him. police barricades made using school buses were positioned to hold back fans.
.@FOX29philly Police barricade street outside prison. Meek Mill fans rush the street trying to see their release.#fox29 pic.twitter.com/RjSBmOiHLM — Dave Schratwieser (@DSchratwieser) April 24, 2018
The plan was for Meek to make the game and “ring the ceremonial bell.” Rubin also said he'd be the one picking Meek up from prison.
FREE!!! Just left visiting Meek with @kevinhart4real and I'm on the way back to pick them up as we speak! #MeekisFree #GoSixers
Meek, Rubin and Hart all posted the same pic to Instagram.
Meek posted a prayer of sorts. And a promise. Within 30 minutes, the post had half a million likes.
“I'd like to thank God, my family, my friends, my attorney's, my team at Roc Nation including Jay-Z, Desiree Perez, my good friend Michael Rubin, my fans, The Pennsylvania Supreme Court and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time. While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive. To the Philadelphia District Attorney's office, I'm grateful for your commitment to justice – not only for my case, but for others that have been wrongfully jailed due to police misconduct. Although I'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation, I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues. In the meantime, I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career.”
As Heavy first reported in mid-March, rapper Meek Mill's original conviction that led to a jail sentence and probation, which led to them violating the conditions of that probation as deemed by the judge so often that he's been back in and out of jail and has been locked up for months. The essence of their legal team's case is that former Philadelphia narcotics squad cop Reginald V. “Reggie” Graham lied about Meek; perjured testimony from a disgraced narcotics officer set off a Newton's cradle of hell for the rapper. The truth about those lies, is what set the ‘Nightmares & Dreams' MC free.
Video
Rhun ap Iorwerth says they are running to replace Leanne Wood as Plaid Cymru leader to allow a debate on the party's future.
Announcing their bid on the deadline day, the Ynys Mon AM said: "Leanne themselves has invited that challenge."
Carmarthen East and Dinefwr AM Adam Price revealed they were also throwing their hat into the ring on Wednesday.
Read more: Two challenge Wood for Plaid leadership
The rotunda of the Nevada State Capitol is seen on Feb. 3, 2015. (Justin Grant/FOX5)
A gay Nevada legislator wants to ban professional therapists from attempting to talk people out of homosexuality.
Most national organizations of medical professionals oppose the practice because sexual orientation is not a mental condition.
They say conversion therapy causes people to retreat from society, hide their identity or commit suicide.
Democratic Sen. David Parks of Las Vegas is proposing the state urge medical board to discipline licensed professionals who attempt to stamp out sexual desires for people of the same sex.
Senate Bill 201 would apply to psychiatrists, psychologists, social workers, nurses, family therapists and other clinical counselors. It would not apply to religious counselors like pastors.
Opponents at a Monday hearing said conversion therapy should be a lawful medical option for willing adults and children's parents.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Las Vegas Hawaiian Civic Club sent out a statement Saturday to bring attention to their GoFundMe campaign to help those affected by the Kilauea volcano.
“We are keeping those in the affected zone in our hearts and those who are in contact via social media, or otherwise, are keeping up a good information flow to friends and family on their location and status of safety,” the Club said.
The campaign is called the Kilauea Eruption Support Fund and the goal is to offer aid to emergency groups on Hawaii's largest island.
According to the Club, all proceeds from their campaign will go towards groups that are helping people evacuate from the volcanic eruptions.
“We are asking for your kokua (help) to help our neighbors, 'ohana (family), and friends on the Big Island with surviving away from their homes until they can return,” the Club said on their GoFundMe page.
Donate to the Kilauea Eruption Support Fund here.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved
The 6th District Court of Appeals sided with the Ohio Department of Agriculture on Friday in their legal battle with Kenneth Hetrick, the owner of Tiger Ridge Exotics who has been trying to regain possession of animals taken from them by the Department in 2015.
The Court of Appeals overruled a decision by the Wood County Court of Appeals which previously had ruled the state must provide Hetrick with two different wild animal permits.
The Court of Appeals decided Hetrick does not get these permits, which means they will not be getting their animals back.
The Hetrick family however, could appeal the decision to the Ohio Supreme Court.
Mark Bruce, the Communications Director for the Department of Agriculture, made a statement after the ruling:
“The Ohio Department of Agriculture thanks the court for its work and is pleased the judges ruled in our favor. This adds to the long list of rulings solidifying ODA's regulatory authority over dangerous wild animals in Ohio. The animals remain in ODA's custody and are in good health at the various sanctuaries where they are currently housed.”
The Hetrick family is currently declining to comment on the ruling.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Technavio's latest market research report on the provides an analysis of the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook from 2018-2022. defines an emerging trend as a factor that has the potential to significantly impact the market and contribute to its growth or decline.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006201/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global industrial potato graders market from 2018-2022. (Graphic: Business Wire)
According to Technavio market research analysts, the global industrial potato graders market will grow at a CAGR of close to 5% during the forecast period. The increase in manual labor costs for grading potatoes is a major factor driving the market's growth.
Over the years, there has been an increase in wages and labor costs in various industries. Potato processing is considered a labor-intensive process as many small-scale manufacturers use manual methods for grading potatoes. Owing to the increase in wages, many potato processing firms are shifting their focus toward mechanizing their operations by installing industrial potato graders. This will help them reduce their overall processing costs and improve profitability.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only:
Save more with Technavio. Buy2 reports and get the third for FREE:
In this report, Technavio highlights the adoption of PLC-based automation for potato grading as one of the key emerging trends driving the global industrial potato graders market:
Adoption of PLC-based automation for potato grading
The need for automation of various processes has been growing in the food industry. In industrial potato graders, automation is primarily used to reduce human intervention, improve potato grading efficiency, and ensure minimal errors. It also helps in increasing the grading speed and reducing operational costs.
Automated systems use programmable logic controllers (PLCs) and supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) developed by various companies for enhanced monitoring and process control during grading operations.
According to a senior analyst at Technavio for research, “Many potato producers have started using automated potato graders for the smooth running of their production lines. For instance, in January 2017, Neumiller Farms installed a new PLC-based potato grading system in its potato grading facility in Illinois, US. Similarly, in May 2017, Atlantic Potato Distributors announced its plan to add an automated grading and bagging line to its potato-packing facility in New Brunswick, Canada.”
Looking for more information on this market?
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Global industrial potato graders market segmentation
This market research report segments the global by product (size graders and weight graders) and key regions (the Americas, APAC, and EMEA).
The size graders product segment held a market share of over 78% in 2017 and is expected to grow further during the forecast period. Size graders are of two types, namely roller graders and screen graders. The demand for uniformly sized potatoes is increasing among potato processing industries to eliminate issues related to overcooking and undercooking. This is expected to lead to an increase in the market growth of industrial screen graders during the forecast period.
EMEA held the largest share of the global industrial potato graders market in 2017, accounting for a market share of over 39%. Strategic alliances between potato processing companies and industrial potato grader vendors are increasing in EMEA. This is expected to drive the growth of the market in the region.
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning across 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006201/en/
CONTACT: Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US: +1 844 364 1100
UK: +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CANADA ILLINOIS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: MANUFACTURING OTHER MANUFACTURING NATURAL RESOURCES AGRICULTURE RETAIL FOOD/BEVERAGE
SOURCE: Technavio Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 01:37 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 01:37 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006201/en
The Senator representing Bauchi Central Senatorial District, Hamman Misau, has opened a can worms against the Inspector General of Police, Idris Kpotun Ibrahim. The President and cabinet members were shocked by the issues raised by the minister. Of s...
Dileep, who is trying their hands at films of different genres, has a really exciting project in their kitty, in the form of Kammarasambhavam, which marks the directorial debut of Ratheesh Ambat.
The actor, is expected to be seen in different get-ups in this movie, scripted by Murali Gopy. The shoot of this Dileep starrer had commenced in August 2016 and had underwent various schedule breaks.
According to a report by Times Of India, Dileep has joined the new schedule of the shoot of the movie. If we are to go by the reports, the film is being shot at Coimbatore at present and the team is expected to can a few sequences in Theni district as well.
The report also adds that the team had canned mainly the sequences featuring Siddharth, in the previous year. Kammarasambhavam marks the Mollywood debut of Siddharth.
Kammarasambhavam is expected to be a very different movie in the career of Dileep. Meanwhile, Dileep is gearing up for the release of their upcoming film Ramaleela, directed by debutant Arun Gopy.
Dileep will also be seen essaying the lead role in the upcoming film Professor Dinkan, directed by Ramachandra Babu. The actor has already completed the shoot for some portions of the movie.
Last week, Ellen took a rare detour from their usual fun and friendly topics into the world of current events.
One major discussion that's on their mind is police brutality. Ellen sat down with Van Jones to discuss the issue and they had a lot to say. Peep their commentary below!
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Frustrated Selston boss Craig Weston says their players are looking forward to Saturday's trip to Graham Street Prims after their side faced a second unexpected week without a game.
Two weeks ago a waterlogged pitch forced their East Midlands Counties League match against Gedling Miners' Welfare to be postponed.
On Saturday the weather was again the winner as a frozen pitch at Ashby Ivanhoe denied them to the chance to reclaim top place.
It also meant Selston slipped to third after Anstey Nomads moved up to second following a 3-1 win at Gedling Miners' Welfare — one of four matches to beat the big freeze.
This weekend Weston is hoping their side can finally get into action as they travel to lowly Graham Street Prims.
Selston are just one point off leaders Teversal, who have played one match more.
Anstey Nomads are level on points with Selston, but have a slightly better goal difference.
Weston said: “When you are in decent form you want the games to be coming thick and fast.
“It is frustrating but the game always looked to be doubtful because of the weather forecasts.
“It is one of those things, but we did not waste the time.
“We trained instead and tried to keep everybody ticking over and looking forward to the next game.
“We did have one or two knocks to certain players so it gave us a chance to give them a bit of a rest as well.
“Anstey went above us, but we are still quite well placed.
“We just want to stay in the mix. There is a long way to go yet in the league so if we can keep in with a shout come the run-in we will be happy.
“Normally we finish a season quite strongly, so hopefully that will be the case this time.”
Graham Street Prims have 19 points and are three points outside the relegation zone.
They are 17th with just two home wins all season, but Weston will not be taking them lightly.
Weston added: “I always stress that it is quite easy to get yourself up for the big games, but it is the (so-called) small games that win you the leagues at any level.
“You can't look at the table and under-estimate teams.
“No game is a given where you just need to turn up to get the three points.
“It doesn't work like that at any level.
“I will make sure all the players are on their mettle.”
Innocent buyers of stolen state property may get settlement – SARA Chairman
By Abena Rockcliffe Campbell
All may not be lost for those individuals who can show the court that they did not conspire to defraud the State, when the State Asset Recovery Agency (SARA) moves to recover stolen assets. This is according to the Chairman of SARA Board of Directors, Professor Clive Thomas.
They said this during a recent interview with Kaieteur News.
Dr. Thomas indicated that SARA is working with a tight schedule to ensure that it is ready with cases for the courts by the third quarter of this year. Thomas said that some of the cases being prepared may be taken before the local courts, while the agency may opt to take others abroad, “where justice is said to be more certain. It comes back to how we are advised by Fraud Net.”
Dr. Thomas said that many of the cases being pursued by SARA involve land, buildings and money.
The SARA official acknowledged that there may be certain implications in going after properties that were sold to unwitting buyers.
They said that the law provides for instances where “an individual can establish to the court that you in all honesty did not involve yourself in a conspiracy to defraud the state. In such cases, I have the powers to pursue a settlement with you so that you do not lose all the money. But you must be able to show that you are bona fide”.
Dr. Thomas continued, “Persons will have to establish that they acquired this in all honesty. There cannot be a trace of conspiracy.”
The SARA official indicated that affected persons can themselves take the matter before the courts “and say, ‘look, I acquired this property in good faith.'”
Dr. Thomas said that while the law makes such provisions, the case may not be as straightforward as it may seem “because you cannot in good faith make a crime legal. For example, you cannot in good faith buy the Public Buildings for a dollar, then 10 or 20 years later come to tell me that you acquired it in good faith or it is bona fide; that cannot happen. You see, the law provides for a balance of these needs. It recognizes that an individual may have bought a property not knowing that the property has been stolen.”
Dr. Thomas said that SARA is looking at over 50 cases – more than half of which involve land and buildings and all of which were reported to the agency. “Remember, we can only pursue a case after it has been reported to us.”
They emphasised that while the agency relies on citizens to report cases, it is careful not to just follow wild or baseless accusations.
Dr. Thomas said that corruption is the fastest growing crime in the world, yet it attracts the least sentencing. “We are seeking to do our part to fight corruption in Guyana, but we want to make sure we approach it the right way.”
Adam Gase can admit when they or their coaches are wrong.
He's had press conferences, even after games, when they second-guess their play-calling. He's had team meetings in which he's confessed mistakes to their players.
The Miami Dolphins head coach did some of that Wednesday when they were asked what the Dolphins came to understand after they experimented early last season with using defensive end Cameron Wake as a designated pass-rusher coming off the bench rather than a full-time starter at defensive end.
”Trying to throw the first five games in my face, there?” Gase asked with a coy grin. “I mean, you know, I made a mistake.
”He should have been playing more early. We were trying to think longterm. We were trying to think, ‘Let's get them the most important snaps.' When we were getting down, we didn't want to throw them out there because all they were doing was pounding the football. We wanted them in there when teams were passing. We just kept getting behind and that was putting us at a disadvantage. And that's when we decided we have to get them out there more. So that's kind of why we made that switch. We thought we were being smart and it really kind of backfired on us. We really should have gone with ... what we should have done is let them play.”
The Dolphins eventually corrected the error. Wake started 10 games, all on the back end of the season. They had 11.5 sacks, five forced fumbles and an interception.
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 2:47 Bees invade Miami Dolphins practice Pause 3:17 Suh: I still have a lot of work ahead of me 1:06 One of the biggest cargo ships in the world docks at PortMiami 1:34 Abuse by officers was “a complete breakdown in policy,” Sweetwater police chief says 2:48 Don Mattingly talks about the Marlins' 11-6 win over the A's 1:14 Pandora: The World of Avatar 0:46 Venezuelan tank plows through apartment building's gate 2:16 Take a peek inside Al Capone's Palm Island mansion 3:37 Woman after police encounter: 'I was so scared' 0:46 At London tower fire scene, yells of "She needs help" Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Fins' Gase talks to reporters after OTAs Miami Dolphins coach Adam Gase talks to reporters after OTAs on June 8, 2017. Bryan Cereijo Miami Herald
So it's a good bet to believe Wake is done coming off the bench for now. The Dolphins expect them to be a starter again this season at age 35.
But that's not what's important here.
What's important is that the head coach, in admitting they make mistakes and by being transparent about those, has actually gained credibility with players. They have much more of it than other Dolphins coaches who in the past have refused to admit errors.
“Yeah, no question,” defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh said. “Coach is very accountability-oriented, for their players and for themselves and everyone in this particular organization. And that's something that's great because they don't put themselves on a pedestal to say, ‘Everything I say is particularly perfect.
“We've had some great conversations, especially this offseason, even when I wasn't here, about things of that nature and how we can get better as a particular team. He's a great head coach and I think he's only going to continue to get better because they have that mentality.”
LOS ANGELES, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - US Nuclear Corp. ( OTCBB : UCLE)
Delivers total 2016 sales revenue of $2,097,157
Gross profit for 2016 was $744,338
Inventory write-off clears up unused stock and facilitates new product development
Current order backlog of $1,526,919 provides productive start for 2017
US Nuclear Corp. ( OTCBB : UCLE), a leading manufacturer of advanced radiation detection instrumentation, announced the annual results for the year ended December 31, 2016.
Robert Goldstein, President, CEO, and Chairman of US Nuclear Corp commented, "2016 was a very exciting and productive year for us. We maintained strong sales revenue while simultaneously focusing on new product development for emerging markets, such as our DroneRAD product line. The increase in cost of goods can be attributed to the new product development, and new sales and marketing campaigns for these products raised our GS&A costs, but we are pleased with the progress. The large inventory write-off cleans up older and unused inventory and allows us to be more agile in focusing on new and popular products."
2016 Annual Highlights
Inventory write-off was $1,241,774 Brings US Nuclear Corp in line with typical industry ratios
Selling, general, and administrative expense increased by $135,515 from the previous year Due to sales and marketing campaigns in addition to preparations for opening the new Beijing, China office
Net Income (loss) was ($1,606,170) as compared to $399,416 the previous year
Gross margin for 2016 decreased to 36% as compared to 53% the previous year due to new product R&D classified as production costs
2016 2015 Sales $ 2,097,157 $ 2,652,878 Cost of sales 1,322,819 1,246,182 Gross profit 774,338 1,406,696 Opertating expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses 1,117,905 982,390 Writeoffs of inventory 1,241,774 - Total operating expenses 2,359,679 982,390 Loss from operations (1,585,341 ) 424,306 Other expense Interest expense (20,829 ) (24,890 ) Total other expense (20,829 ) (24,890 ) Income (loss) before provision for income taxes (1,606,170 ) 399,416 Provision for income taxes - - Net income (loss) $ (1,606,170 ) $ 399,416 Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 13,649,329 13,294,110 Earnings (loss) per shares - basic and diluted $ (0.12 ) $ 0.03
About US Nuclear Corp.
US Nuclear Corp is a fully-reporting, publicly traded company on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, traded under the ticker symbol UCLE. The Company's operations are principally engaged through its subsidiaries, operating two leading nuclear radiation detection companies, Overhoff Technology Corp. and Optron Scientific Company Inc. The Company designs, manufactures and markets branded, full line radiation detection and specialized advanced tritium technology for the nuclear energy industry and for emerging technological processes such as Thorium and Molten Salt (MSR) reactor technologies both domestically and internationally to customers such as United States Government Agencies, the U.S. Military, Homeland Security, Scientific Laboratories, Universities, Hospitals, nuclear reactor facilities in the United States, China, Canada, South Korea, Argentina, Russia and others.
Safe Harbor Act
This press release includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ from expectations, estimates and projections and, consequently, you should not rely on these forward looking statements as predictions of future events. Words such as "expect," "estimate," "project," "budget," "forecast," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "may," "will," "could," "should," "believes," "predicts," "potential," "continue," and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the expected results.
Investors may find additional information regarding US Nuclear Corp. at the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov, or the company's website at www.usnuclearcorp.com
The intersection of East Bonanza Road and Honolulu Street (Google Maps)
A teen girl was struck by a vehicle as they crossed a street in a marked crosswalk Sunday night in east Las Vegas.
Las Vegas Metro police said the unidentified 15-year-old girl was crossing East Bonanza Road, near Honolulu Street, at 9:38 p.m. when they were struck by a 2006 Chrysler 300. The Chrysler was traveling west on Bonanza Road.
The driver of the Chrysler, 18-year-old Hannah Burks, failed to stop after hitting the girl and fled the scene, police said. Officers added that Burks also failed to notify police.
The victim was transported to University Medical Center with serious injuries.
Officers later located Burks using the home address listed on the Chrysler's registration. Burks was arrested for hit and run charges.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Thirlestane Castle is delighted to be welcoming Chapterhouse Theatre Company on Sunday, June 18, for an open-air performance of Jane Austen's ‘Pride and Prejudice'.
This is the first of two theatre productions taking place this summer on the front lawn with the fairytale castle as a backdrop.
Take a step back in time to meet Elizabeth Bennet, Jane Austen's most loveable hero. When Elizabeth meets the rude and abrupt Mr Darcy, they loathe them at first sight. But is there more to them than meets the eye? Brought to life by award winning writer Laura Tuner, this brand-new adaptation celebrates the 200th anniversary of Jane Austen's death, and promises to be the most splendid evening of the summer. After all, it is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife.
The gates will open at 5pm to allow the audience to find the perfect spot on the castle lawn and begin their picnics before the performance starts at 6pm.
Tickets are still available at www.borderevents.com or they can be purchased on the door priced at £14 for adults, £8 for children, or £40 for a family (two adults and two children).
Pre-prepared picnics can be purchased in advance for £15 per person by contacting the castle at enquiries@thirlestanecastle.co.uk or by ringing 01578 722430. They include mouth-watering items such as Coronation Chicken with Couscous Salad and Eton Mess among a number of other culinary delights. There will be a small bar on the night to purchase soft drinks, tea/coffee and alcoholic drinks. Guests can also bring their own refreshments.
Chapterhouse Theatre Company are returning to Thirlestane Castle on July 12 for a special family-friendly production of ‘The Wind in the Willows'. Tickets for this are on sale now at www.borderevents.com. For further information email enquiries@thirlestanecastle.co.uk or call 01578 722430.
The mayors of Whitecourt and Woodlands County met the parliamentary secretary to the federal minister of environment and climate change to discuss Alberta's upcoming caribou range plan.
Whitecourt Mayor Maryann Chichak and Woodlands County Mayor Jim Rennie met with Jonathan Wilkinson, two representatives of McKenzie County and forestry industry stakeholders in Edmonton on April 10.
“It was an opportunity to give our perspective from a municipal level how a range plan could impact our area if it wasn't introduced properly and put together with a lot of forethought into the social and economic consequences,” said Chichak.
The mayors' major concern with the province's draft range plan from October 2016 was potential job losses resulting from restrictions placed on the activities of forestry companies, like Millar Western and Alberta Newsprint Company, who have extensive operations in their municipalities.
Chichak said they were impressed by the federal government's stated commitment to a collaborative approach for developing a caribou range conservation plan, which the province must submit to the federal government by October 2017.
“I was happy to hear from the parliamentary secretary that there is a role for all levels to play. That includes the feds, the municipalities (and) all of the partners on the landscape, including the ENGOs (environmental non-government organizations), to work together within Alberta to come up with a customized solution,” Chichak said.
If the province doesn't submit a plan by the October 2017 deadline, the federal government can impose an environmental protection order, which Chichak described as a situation “no one wants.”
The clock is ticking, Rennie agreed.
“The time frame is extremely tight. They have less than 90 days left to get this plan completed and then, it's not just this plan, the province needs to have 15 of these plans approved by the provincial government in June and then that goes on to the federal government for their approval,” they said.
There are 15 caribou herds across the province, which may require “15 different plans,” said Chichak.
This flexibility is key both within and outside the province, they said, stressing the importance of a solution that is tailored for the province's — and its municipalities' — particular needs.
“An Alberta-based solution may not look like a Saskatchewan-based solution or B.C.,” Chichak said.
Rennie said they believe there will be a plan, but that it's just a question of whether it will be one municipality can work with.
“I'm confident that the approval will be met. We just need to see the final details of the plan. And that's one part that we've got to stay focused on,” they said.
jappel@postmedia.com
Twitter: @jerapp3
2/15/17 – 11:22 A.M.
Last summer all Hancock County volunteer fire departments began using a new app to track who is responding to emergencies. After eight months of using the “I Am Responding” app, Hancock County EMA Director Lee Swisher says they like what they see…
Audio: Lee Swisher
Swisher says that helps volunteer fire departments make more informed decisions about whether they should wait for more people to get to the fire station, or head to the emergency right away.
Swisher says the app not only lets departments know who is responding to an emergency, but also provides responders with critical on scene information on their cell phones…
Audio: Lee Swisher
Swisher says every agency using the app shares the information. They add that means less confusion at the scene of an emergency.
IT took Teia Grant Jaram all year to save the money to buy their three children new bikes for Christmas – and only a few seconds for a thief to snatch one of them.
They gave their son, Tamati Watson, 11, their black GT radial BMX early because they were going to be spending Christmas with their father.
They only had it two days before it was stolen, from almost right under their nose, leaving them heartbroken.
Tamati had gone to play touch with their brothers at Warren Park on December 22 and had taken their bike with theirs so they could ride around the bike track.
When they returned home to their nan's house, which backs onto the park, they put the bike down so they could open the gate.
In the short time it took them to open the gate and grab the gate-stopper, the bike was gone.
They were scared to tell their mum because they knew they had worked hard for it, and wouldn't be able to afford the insurance excess to replace it.
“Initially I was mad but how can you be mad when he's so broken,” they said.
“He'd been wanting a bike for so long; he'd been asking all year for one and it was so cool.”
They said she'd bought the younger children cheaper bikes but saved up to buy Tamati their bike from the Whakatane Cycle Centre, seeing it as a good investment because it could later be handed down to their siblings.
If anyone has seen Tamati's bike, or knows of a child who returned home with a bike on December 22 that was not theirs they can contact the Beacon, or message Teia Rose on Facebook.
