Anna Mae Blessing has been charged with killing their son in Fountain Hills, Arizona on July 2, 2018. Screenshot/KPHO
A 92-year-old woman shot and killed their son in Fountain Hills, Arizona, apparently upset with their decision to send them to an assisted living facility, according to the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office. Anna Mae Blessing was charged with first degree murder, as well as aggravated assault and kidnapping, after authorities found their 72-year-old son, Thomas Blessing, dead in their home. “You took my life, so I'm taking yours,” the 92-year-old woman reportedly said as they were arrested.
The murder doesn't seem to have been a spur of the moment event but rather something they had been thinking about when it became clear that their son wanted to send them to an assisted living facility. Blessing told authorities their son said they had “become difficult to live with.” They had been living with their son and their girlfriend for six months.
On Monday morning, Blessing put two pistols in their robe pockets and approached their sleeping son. They then proceeded to shoot them several times. Blessing then turned the gun toward their son's 57-year-old girlfriend, who managed to knock it out of their hand. The 92-year-old woman then took out their other gun, and, again the girlfriend managed to wrestle it out of their hands. The girlfriend went to call the police and Blessing apparently waited for them while sitting on a reclining chair. They later told detectives they wanted to kill themselves but didn't have any weapons at hand.
“This is definitely an odd one,” Maricopa County Sheriff's Office Sgt. Bryant Vanegas said. “There are a lot of circumstances surrounding it, of course, but it's definitely something you don't see every day and it's very unfortunate that this took place.”
Remember to join us tonight at 8pm EST for our live Viewing Party.
* Dakota Kai defeated Santana Garrett. NXT Women's Champion Shayna Baszler come to the ring after the match and cut a promo
* The Mighty (TM61) defeated Otis Dozovic in a Handicap Match and cut promos after the match
* Kairi Sane defeated Vanessa Borne
* The Velveteen Dream defeated Christopher Dijak
* Johnny Gargano defeated EC3 in a really good match
Alamy ID: 10535629
German federal police have launched a criminal investigation into false allegations that dozens of women were sexually assaulted by refugees in Frankfurt on the same night as an attack in Cologne, after evidence came to light disputing the claims.
Police issued a statement Tuesday after a local newspaper said it had found evidence that one of the witnesses of the “mass sexual assault” was not in the city at the time of the alleged attack.
Bild, a German tabloid, ran a story in February last year in which people alleged that hundreds of women were sexually assaulted by up to 50 North African men on New Year's Eve in a similar incident to that night's attacks in Cologne.
However, local newspaper the Frankfurter Rundschau reported Tuesday that it had evidence that one of Bild's sources, a woman referred to as Irina A., was not in Germany when the suspected assault took place.
After presenting this information to the German federal police, the force made a public statement confirming the accusations made by witnesses were “without foundation” after “extensive and intensive” police investigations.
“The interrogations of the witnesses, guests, and staff showed substantial doubts about the descriptions,” the statement said. “One of the alleged victims was not even in Frankfurt at the time the allegations are said to have taken place.”
The statement continued: “The allegations are so unstable that the Frankfurt prosecutor's office has now initiated an investigation into a criminal offense because of the resulting suspicious situation.”
BIld's online editor, Julian Reichelt, issued a statement Tuesday and removed the story from the outlet's website. They said the newspaper apologized “for our own work.”
Entschuldigung in eigener Sache. Ich werde zeitnah mitteilen, welche Konsequenzen @BILD daraus zieht. https://t.co/nbyExKc2NO — Julian Reichelt (@jreichelt) ID: 10534909
In the months following the alleged incidents, other German newspapers also reported that similar attacks had happened.
Der Spiegel reported that as many as 10 men had surrounded three women and sexually assaulted them. At the time, a police spokesperson told the newspaper the force had been “unaware” of the attacks until it read about them in the press.
In the UK, the Daily Express also ran the story. On Tuesday the Express updated its online article to acknowledge the new police statement.
The alleged assaults provoked international coverage, coming closely on the heels of news of the Cologne attacks.
In Cologne, scores of women said they had been seriously sexually assaulted during the city's New Year celebrations.
Protests broke out in the city over the incidents, with far-right Pegida supporters leading many of the demonstrations. It caused many Germans to question Chancellor Angela Merkel's refugee policy, which welcomed around 1 million people fleeing war and persecution into the country.
LONDON: British Prime Minister Theresa May called Tuesday for an early general election on June 8 in a surprise announcement as Britain prepares for delicate negotiations on leaving the European Union.
“We need a general election and we need one now. We have at this moment a one-off chance to get this done… before the detailed talks begin,” May said, despite previously denying that they would do so.
Speaking outside their Downing Street residence in London, May warned that “division in Westminster will risk our ability to make a success of Brexit.”
They said parliament would be asked to vote Wednesday to decide on whether or not to hold an election.
The dramatic announcement comes after months of tumult in British politics following the Brexit vote.
A round of opinion polls over the Easter weekend also showed their Conservative Party far ahead of the main opposition Labor Party.
The Conservatives polled at between 38 percent and 46 percent, with Labour at 23 percent to 29 percent, according to the polls by YouGov, ComRes and Opinium.
The poll lead had prompted many senior Conservatives to call for an election, particularly as May will need a strong parliamentary majority as they seek to negotiate Britain's exit from the European Union.
The Conservatives currently have a working majority of just 17 from the last election in 2015 and some of their MPs have indicated they could vote against the government on key aspects of Brexit legislation.
EU leaders except May are set to hold a summit on April 29 where they will agree on the strategy for negotiating Britain's expected departure in 2019.
The negotiations themselves are not expected to start until May or June at the earliest. The European Commission has said it wants the exit talks to be concluded by October 2018 at the latest.
Britain's next election was due to have been held in 2020—a date enshrined in legislation according to which elections have to be held every five years in May.
But the law can be overruled if two-thirds of lawmakers in the British parliament vote in favor of early elections—something that Labor leader Jeremy Corbyn has previously indicated they would do.
Corbyn, a veteran socialist with support on the left of the party, won the Labor leadership in September 2015 after the party's defeat in that year's election.
High approval rating
Corbyn, 67, enjoys grassroots support from left-wingers but is opposed by most of the party's more centrist lawmakers, who say that Labor under their leadership is not appealing to the middle classes.
May in contrast has scored consistently well in terms of personal popularity and polls have shown approval of their handling of the run-up to Brexit negotiations.
When asked who they thought would be the best prime minister, 50 percent of respondents in the YouGov poll said Theresa May and only 14 percent Corbyn.
May came to power in July 2016 after their predecessor David Cameron resigned following the shock Brexit referendum vote in June for which they had campaigned for Britain to stay in the European Union.
The 60-year-old vicar's daughter is Britain's second prime minister after Margaret Thatcher and many commentators have drawn comparisons to the steely determination of the “Iron Lady.”
May worked in finance, including at the Bank of England, before being elected as MP for the London commuter town of Maidenhead in 1997.
As Conservative chairperson in 2002, they made waves by suggesting the Tories were seen as “the nasty party” and needed to overhaul their image – something that they did under Cameron's leadership.
When the Conservatives won the 2010 general election, May was named home secretary, the hardest job in government which has wrecked a string of other political careers. AFP
AFP/CC
A mermaid mannequin mysteriously appeared on a 50-foot-high rock in the Ocean Beach area of San Diego recently. Screenshot from CBS 8 video
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged, allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers.
PARIS: Sepp Blatter indicated Friday that they plan to take on FIFA, the global football body they used to run but which has now banned him.
“As new facts have appeared it's time to question the decision of the Fifa Ethics-Committee – my suspension of 6 years!” Blatter tweeted, adding hashtags for FIFA, for the Court of Arbitration in Sport, for the World Cup and for their successor as FIFA president, Gianni Infantino.
Blatter also sent out a press release saying: “My aim is to look into the decision of FIFA's Ethic-Committee in view of information, and even evidences that I have received, in the meantime, in connection with my suspension.”
“We are working on this case – and looking forward for development,” they said in their statement, which added: “For the time being there is no legal action.”
Blatter, 81, resigned as president of FIFA in 2015 after 17 years in the job.
At the end of that year, following an investigation into a payment of 2 million Swiss Francs (1.8 million euros) to their former ally Michel Platini, FIFA banned Blatter from football for eight years, but later reduced the sentence to six years after they appealed. CAS then rejected Blatter's attempt to have the shorter ban overturned.
Blatter's suspension will not stop them attending the World Cup in Russia this summer at the invitation of Russian president Vladimir Putin
Blatter, who is Swiss, has not yet followed the lead of Platini and tried the civil courts. The Frenchman attempted to fight their own four-year suspension in the Swiss courts. After that failed Platini said, earlier this week, that they would try the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg.
AFP
Five-time winner tells Yachting New Zealand's Michael Brown event needs fresh blood as they throw themselves into projects.
Sir Russell Coutts has confirmed he's unlikely to be involved with future America's Cups following Oracle's defeat to Emirates Team New Zealand in Bermuda earlier this year.
The five-time America's Cup winner - three as helmsman and two as Oracle chief executive - has returned to New Zealand but has no plans to be involved in future editions, including the 2021 event which is likely to be in Auckland.
"I don't really have any ambitions to continue with the America's Cup at this point," Coutts told yachtingnz.org.nz. "I have had quite a few years involved with it - loved it, fantastic event - but there are other things to do in life.
Advertisement
Sir Russell Coutts congratulates members of Team NZ in Bermuda after they won the America's Cup. Photo / Dennis Martins Sir Russell Coutts congratulates members of Team NZ in Bermuda after they won the America's Cup. Photo / Dennis Martins
"In some ways, you need fresh people to come in and they have obviously given it a quite different treatment of it this time and I say good for them. I certainly hope it's a huge success in terms of the impact it could have on junior sailing in this country."
Coutts has thrown themselves into a number of projects, including taking over as commodore of the Manly Sailing Club on the Whangaparoa Peninsula where they live.
They have big plans to grow the small club and their presence has already helped them win the hosting rights for the 2019 O'pen Bic world championships, a class of boats Coutts is a big supporter of. Their 11-year-old son Mattias won the under-13 division of this year's O'pen Bic world championships in Italy.
There's little doubt Coutts will keep an eye on America's Cup developments. Many describe them as Mr America's Cup, picking up the mantle from four-time winner Dennis Conner.
Conner last week suggested Team New Zealand should extend an olive branch to Coutts and bring them on board to help with their defence.
"If I was trying to win, they would certainly be involved," said Conner. "Who is smarter about the America's Cup than Russell Coutts? No one. They won more events, they know more about it, they know how to win, so why wouldn't you want the best guy in your country involved?
"If they are not involved, they are giving a break to the foreigners. I'd make amends with Russell. If there are any hard feelings, just get over it."
That's unlikely to happen and Team New Zealand last week confirmed a move away from the foiling catamarans introduced by Coutts to a 75-foot foiling monohull for the next instalment.
"I will be watching with interest," Coutts said. "It should be a great event here.
"Because I'm not involved, I don't really have any comment [to make about the decision to race monohulls]. I haven't sailed monohulls like that before. People made all sorts of presumptions and judgments about the catamarans in the America's Cup but quite a few of those people have never sailed in a boat like that.
"All these presumptions about, 'oh, they're not tactical or they can't do that', well, they were shown to be wrong. They can try to deny it now and say they're not as tactical as this boat over here but of course they were tactical. The fact Pete Burling was able to win that many starts, do you think that was just a fluke? Of course it was tactical.
"There is a lot of very traditional thinking in this sport and it's a non-traditional world now. When I look at the people making those comments, they are generally older people who are, dare I say it, stuck in their old ways. I think you need to be careful about viewing life like that. At some point you need to look at it through a young person's eyes and try to imagine what they would have been like when they were 20, or even younger."
An engaged couple who met and fell in love while playing Xbox online are passing on their passion to their three kids by video gaming with them.
And although their love story is unusual, they're hobby isn't - recent research from Bond University in Queensland and the Interactive Games & Entertainment Association (IGEA) found that 51 per cent of Kiwi parents play video games with their children in the same room and a quarter of families with kids under 18 connect online to play together.
Tarhlia Murray, 28, was introduced to their partner James Kipa, 27, through the party chat function on Xbox in 2012.
They had been playing Call of Duty: Black Ops with a friend they knew in person, who was Kipa's cousin, when they suggested Kipa join their game through the Internet.
Advertisement
"We just hit it off, I suppose," Murray told the Herald on Sunday.
"After a couple of months of them and I'm always playing together we just built a friendship and then a relationship off of that - quite sweet. We fell in love playing the game."
Eight months after "meeting" online they went on their first real-life date.
Now, more than five years later, at their home in Auckland, the pair of Xbox "super fans" enjoy bonding with son Latrell, 7, over gaming.
A gaming family. James Kipa(left) and Tarhlia Murray met have instilled a love of gaming in their three kids Nikau (left on Kipa's lap), Latrell (centre) and Hiria. Photo / Greg Bowker
Although Murray and Kipa's daughters - 2-year-old Hiria and Nikau, 11 months - are too young to join in, they sometimes play on apps on their parents' iPhones.
"They do shapes and colours, ABCs, that kind of stuff," Murray said.
"We give them old Xbox controllers to play with. They pretend that they're playing with us, it's quite cute."
Read more: From hobby to job: Ari 'Shok' Greene-Young, League of Legends pro-gamer
The family have "Sunday Fundays" together playing four-player games on Xbox 360. Other times Murray will play Minecraft or Boggle with Latrell.
"We can communicate and develop our personalities," Murray said of the benefits to gaming with their son.
"Because there's lots of problem-solving you have to anticipate the consequences of your choices. When we game together and he's beside me we can banter together. He's more comfortable talking to me.
"I see them being expressive and creative and they learn new things every time and they come and tells me about it."
During the school term Latrell is only allowed to play video games at the weekends and once all their homework and chores are done.
After three-hour "stints" of playing they have to take a break. The family will often take a walk, go to the beach or watch a movie together between gaming sessions.
"I'm quite strict like that," Murray said.
"Kids will go on there for 12 hours straight if you're not watching them. You need to set rules and regulations for game time."
They and Kipa also closely monitor Latrell's privacy settings to make sure they can't talk to strangers online and only let them play age appropriate games.
Three weeks ago the World Health Organization identified "gaming disorder", or excessive video gaming that significantly impairs someone in personal, family, social, educational, occupational areas of their life, as a mental health condition.
Read more: 'Gaming disorder' to be an official mental health condition
Murray said although they understood how gaming could become a health hazard if it wasn't moderated, they believed it affected "just a handful" of gamers.
There were many stereotypes about gamers - particularly women or children gamers, they said.
"The preconceptions are definitely there for sure and they annoy me. But I just try to break them."
According to Bond University and IGEA's Digital New Zealand Report 2018, the average Kiwi gamer is 34-years-old and more often than not is a parent.
Of those surveyed 86 per cent of parents said they played video games themselves. That figure was 69 per cent for non-parents.
When asked why they played video games with their children, most parent respondents said they did it to spend time with their kids. A third said it helped them educate their children.
Nearly half of gamers (46 per cent), the study showed, were female. And 44 per cent of people aged 65 or older played video games in some capacity.
Christchurch psychotherapist James Driver, who runs the website Net Addiction NZ to help gaming addicts, said playing video games in the same room as parents or other family members was likely to be healthier for children than playing alone online.
"Anything that helps a family spend more time together is a good thing. But I do think that with many of the online games, the nature of the interactions are not as engaging as other things are.
"If it's in balance - if you're doing other stuff as well as a family that's not a problem. If it's the only thing you're doing as family I would be concerned."
Gaming became unhealthy when gamers of any age started depending on it for emotional regulation or to meet their psychological needs.
If people were also engaging in other activities and hobbies that gave them a chance to be creative and imaginative and develop a sense of competency and achievement, video gaming was unlikely to be an issue, Driver said.
In schools across the country, children begin their day with The Pledge of Allegiance. The Daily Pledge on KOMU 8 is brought to you by Willett & Patton Dentistry - creating beautiful smiles, one visit at a time
The Trump administration has begun the process of rolling back tough fuel standards for America's car and light truck fleet.
The Environmental Protection Agency and the Transportation Department have opened the public comment period on the rewriting of standards for greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light trucks for model years 2022-2025.
"We are moving forward with an open and robust review of emissions standards, consistent with the timeframe provided in our regulations," EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt said Friday. The 45-day period allows for the public to comment about regulations before proposed changes.
Corporate Average Fuel Economy rules were first put into place after the OPEC oil crisis in the 1970s. During the Obama administration, the CAFE rules were toughened in the wake of the financial crisis and the car company bankruptcies. The new standards called for an increased reliance on electric vehicles.
Low gas prices and sluggish sales of alternative fuel vehicles have made meeting those standards tough, especially for those companies more reliant on larger vehicles. Earlier this year, the EPA announced it would reconsider a decision late in the Obama administration to make the rules permanent.
The auto industry has hailed the decision to reopen the fuel standards. With the announcement, Mitch Bainwol, president and CEO of the Auto Alliance, a group of auto manufacturers, says, "the Administration is fulfilling its commitment to reinstate the midterm evaluation of future vehicle fuel economy and greenhouse gas standards."
Environmental and consumer advocacy groups decried the move. "By reopening the midterm evaluation, EPA is bringing back questions that have already been asked and answered," said Consumers Union, the policy arm of Consumer Reports.
Shannon Baker-Branstetter with Consumer's Union says their organization's studies show people want to save money on gas. According to a recent survey, 90 percent of Americans want automakers to raise fuel efficiency. Baker-Branstetter says adds "In fact, consumers are especially concerned about the fuel efficiency of the crossovers and SUVs they've been gravitating toward in recent years."
"What kind of changes may or may not be introduced is far from clear", says Stephanie Brinley, senior automotive analyst, IHS Markit. The agencies are expected to expand the data used to make the determination, specifically taking into consideration consumer behavior, they say.
The public comment period allows the car companies and others to lobby to keep or make changes.
"Pressures from other government requirements and consumer interest in reducing fuel emissions are expected to continue to be aggressive," Brinley says.
Even if the U.S. scales back, they say, the movement toward higher standards will likely continue in other countries. Already this year, several countries said they would ban the sale of gasoline vehicles altogether within decades. Many analysts believe that rolling back fuel standards could jeopardize the near term future for electric vehicles.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Speed cameras could return to the Black Country.
The move - which could see the devices rolled out across Dudley, Walsall, Sandwell and Wolverhampton - comes following a successful trail in other areas of the West Midlands.
It comes after it emerged eight speed cameras have caught 23,334 motorists since being switched on across Birmingham and Solihull just 12 months ago.
The new figures show the cameras - which cost more than £1 million to install - are flashing an average of 64 speeders every day.
One camera, on Bristol Road, caught more than 6,000 motorists whilst a speed trap on Coventry Road flashed just 165, the office of the West Midlands Crime Commissioner has revealed.
The Birmingham Mail understands a ‘rotational system' is used in the enforcement of the cameras, with police hoping they act as more of a deterrent to racing motorists.
The cameras were paid for by a partnership between Birmingham City Council, Solihull Metropolitan Borough Council, West Midlands Police and the region's Police and Crime Commissioner.
West Midlands Police and Crime Commissioner David Jamieson said: “Speed is one of the biggest causes of deaths on the road and one of the biggest issues that local people raise with me on a daily basis.
“What we are doing now is talking to the other councils in the Black Country and Coventry as well, to see if those councils also want that type of speeding enforcement on the roads.
“They can provide the hardware, we will do the enforcement and that will make life safer for all road users.
“If other local councils want speed cameras, I will ensure West Midlands Police enforce them."
Chief Inspector Kerry Blakeman added: “We will then take a view from other local authorities to see how they wish to proceed."
Mo. Special Session on Boeing Cost Less Than $100K
By: The Associated Press
JEFFERSON CITY (AP) - A special legislative session to approve incentives for a Boeing airplane facility cost Missouri taxpayers a little less than $100,000.
The Legislature wrapped up a five-day special session last week after passing a bill authorizing up to $1.7 billion of tax breaks over two decades if Boeing chooses to assemble a new passenger plane in the St. Louis area.
The House clerk's office said the special session cost about $75,000 for members' travel and daily living allowances and extra operational costs such as printing.
The Senate administrator's office said the special session cost that chamber about $17,500.
Senate costs are routinely lower than those in the House, because the House has almost five times as many members.
This month, Garden Court on De la Vina joined Santa Barbara's award-winning 1st Thursday arts and culture program with “Art for the Ages,” featuring works from 60 senior residents, family members, staff and members of its nonprofit community partners.
Community partners included the Dream Foundation, the Braille Institute, Providence Hall, the Pacific Pride Foundation, Doctors Assisting Seniors at Home (DASH), Santa Barbara Neighborhood Clinics, Unity Shoppe, the Retired Seniors Volunteer Program (RSVP) and Arts for Humanity.
Attendees discovered diverse works ranging from drawings, sculptures, water color and acrylic paintings, photography, Chinese silk embroidery, hand0detailed quilts, lifetime accomplishments and more.
They were also treated to homemade lemonade, other light refreshments and live music in the courtyard by the Glendessary Jam Band and resident musicians.
The next Garden Court event will take place from 5 to 8 p.m. July 25 with a pre-Fiesta kickoff party featuring a performance by the first-ever Spirit of Fiesta and Garden Court resident Lia Parker and the newest Spirit of Fiesta, Corrie Jimenez. The event is free and open to the public.
For more information, please call Garden Court Executive Director Chris Tucker at 805.884.0095. Garden Court is located at 1116 De la Vina St. in Santa Barbara.
Garden Court is dedicated to providing opportunities for residents to connect with the community by bringing in groups to engage with the residents at Garden Court. Residents also participate in the Santa Barbara community in other ways, such as volunteering and fundraising for local charities.
— Danielle Deltorchio is a publicist representing Garden Court.
October 6th, 1951, Kevin Cronin, REO Speedwagon, comes in screaming into this world.
October 6th, 1964, Born on this day, Matthew Sweet, singer-guitarist,
October 6th, 1966, Tommy Stinson, bass, in The Replacements gets their first diaper changed.
October 6th, 1982, Born on this day, William Butler, synthesizer, bass, guitar, percussion the Grammy Award-winning indie rock band Arcade Fire.
October 6th, 2010, A set of John Lennon's fingerprints were seized by the FBI from a New York memorabilia dealer who intended to sell them for $100,000. The prints were taken at a New York police station in 1976 when Lennon applied for permanent US residence. The bureau believed the card was still government property and was investigating how it landed in private hands.
October 6th, 2011, Starship's ‘We Built This City' was named ‘the worst song of the 1980s' in a poll by Rolling Stone magazine. ‘The Final Countdown' by the Swedish band Europe came in second and ‘Lady in Red' by Chris de Burgh was third. Also making the top five were Wham!'s ‘Wake Me Up (Before You Go Go)' and ‘The Safety Dance' by Men Without Hats. Basically, songs that were popular although unliked by music snobs.
Legendary actor Leleti Khumalo recently opened up about their marriage to ex husband actor and playwright Mbongeni Ngema saying that before they left the 14 year marriage, they had considered divorced for a long time.
“I lived my 14-years of marriage for people, I wanted to please people and I stayed. I was like, ok, it's going to work, but one day I woke up and told myself that's it,” Leleti told Anele Mdoda on Real Talk with Anele.
Leleti revealed that their mother was so happy that they left Mbongeni.
“I remember that night I was working on my script because I was still working on Generations. I finished my work, slept, woke up and then the first person I called was my mom. I told them ‘Ma, this is it, I'm finished.,” Leleti explained.
“And they were the happiest woman on earth, ma never told me that they were not happy for me in that marriage, they kept it a secret because they thought they would ruin my marriage but I decided that that was it and even Bab' Ngema himself, they believed me. I was like that's it, I'm not turning back, I'm not going to reverse back I had made up my mind,” they added.,
Leleti has since moved on from Mbongeni, in 2012 they got married to Skhuthazo Winston Khanyile.
“The President who plays king won't conquer the bedrock values this nation was founded on.”
Today's cover on the New York daily news, trump the clown King – – kudos to the Daily News for summing Trump up in today's Independence Day cover image pic.twitter.com/zHDYKOARaa — heavehoorg (@heavehoorg) July 4, 2018
President Donald Trump's harsh immigration policies and the cruel separation of migrant children from their parents have resulted in protests all across the United States.
As Trump keeps on defying American values, New York Daily News has come up with the scathing cover just in time for the fourth of July.
A clown-faced Trump with a broken crown is plastered on the cover and text at the top reads, “The clown who plays king.”
The newspaper has always been an open critic of the president and has used the clown analogy to represent them several times in the past as well.
When trump repeatedly calls Schumer a clown, I just keep remembering how these Daily News covers pic.twitter.com/SKGLJ74WTw — Helen Kennedy (@HelenKennedy) January 5, 2017
However, Trump's latest crackdown on immigrants, particularly migrant kids seeking asylum in the Unites States, usually fleeing violence in their homelands, has put a huge question mark on American values.
American citizens have taken to roads in a bid to push the government to reunite separated migrant families.
Even though, Trump rescinded their inhumane “zero-tolerance” policy, the daunting (and seemingly impossible) task of reuniting displaced kids with their parents before deportation is not way near addressed.
The New York Daily News' editorial on this year's Fourth of July celebration offers harsh rebuke of the president and their anti-immigration stance.
“Enter the current occupant of the White House, who devotes this nation's potent energies to barricading the borders, to separating refuge-seeking mothers from children, to ordering parents to leave the country with or without their kids now that a court has ordered their reunion,” the op-ed read.
“The Declaration of Independence spoke to such arbitrary cruelty, against an arrogant monarch who ‘has endeavored to prevent the population of these States; for that purpose obstructing the Laws for Naturalization of Foreigners; refusing to pass others to encourage their migrations hither…',” the article read.
“The President who plays king won't conquer the bedrock values this nation was founded on.”
The newspaper has taken upon itself to remind American citizens to resist the president, who despite claims of making America great again, has failed to abide by American values by turning away those in need and separating innocent kids from their parents.
Read More Stephen Miller ‘Enjoyed' Seeing Images Of Families Separated At Border
Thumbnail/ Banner Credits: REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
LOS ANGELES Kasen Williams was so spectacular, superstar Richard Sherman was reduced to an awed bodyguard.
Williams, the former undrafted free agent from the University of Washington, and Sherman, the three-time All-Pro, were the last two players off Los Angeles Chargers' field. It was moments after the Seahawks' 48-17 rout Sunday night in the preseason opener. Sherman was along the railing of the tunnel to the locker room signing autographs on hats, shirts and footballs.
Richard Sherman signing, Kasen Williams in background. Last two players off the field last night in Carson after #Seahawks' preseason win pic.twitter.com/lpSqRqVhrR — Gregg Bell (@gbellseattle) August 15, 2017
Williams was chatting with folks and signing, too, for Chargers and Seahawks fans alike.
A few minutes later, Seattle's star for years and its star Sunday walked down a long hallway. They were late getting into the locker room. Sherman offered a boisterous apology to staffers, and to a reporter waiting to interview Williams for the team's radio network.
Williams had just made four, ridiculous, soaring catches, for 119 yards. Sherman joked they had been providing postgame, celebrity security for the wide receiver.
"I thought they were going to get mugged!" Sherman yelled through the hall. "After what they did to 43, I thought they were going to fight him!"
Yes, Williams did dominate number 43 for the Chargers, cornerback Michael Davis. Four times. All along the same sideline, directly in front of Sherman and the Seahawks' bench.
In doing so, Williams thrust themselves back into Seattle's crowded competition for roster spots at wide receiver.
Former second-round pick Paul Richardson started Sunday, but is out indefinitely. They sprained their right shoulder on the first drive at Los Angeles. Tyler Lockett just came off the physically-unable-to-perform list 10 days ago, following two broken bones in their leg and surgery in December. Lockett didn't play Sunday, and may not Friday when the Seahawks host the Minnesota Vikings in exhibition number two.
Sunday's heroics put Williams ahead of rookie draft picks David Moore and also-injured Amara Darboh plus former LSU track champion and undrafted rookie Cyril Grayson for the final couple of perhaps six roster spots at wide receiver.
"Who knows?" Williams said. "I've got to continue just staying in my lane and making sure that I take care of myself – and the rest will take care of itself."
Where did Sunday's burst come from?
Williams credits a change in offseason training.
Oh, and… asparagus juice?
"I had to change how I work out. I had to change what I needed to do to make sure my body was ready," they said of this past offseason, after two injury-filled years. "I did some prime time. And I do feel like I am in the prime of my career.
"Even though I've had some injuries or whatever, I feel like those are in the past. I feel like I have a great handle on what I need to do to get my body 100 percent ready. And I feel like the sky's the limit."
About that juicery…
"Yeah!" Williams said, with a big grin "Cold Pressed Juicery. I'm in there all the time. In Bellevue, right on Bellevue Way.
"Vegetables. Fruit. All that. Asparagus. All that."
Williams said the juices helped them get fitter. Leaner.
Sunday that appeared to be mean more valuable to the Seahawks. They want to, really want to, count on them to stay healthy in 2017.
"It was just the biggest improvement that I made. I lost five, six, seven pounds just off eating right. Making sure I put the right things in my body," Williams said.
"You hear a lot of people talk about it. And you hear a lot of people say the best ability is availability. I've definitely dedicated the offseason toward that."
Sunday, backup quarterback Trevone Boykin kept chucking the ball up to let Williams use their powerful body to seize it. Williams stretched, leaped and twisted their 6-foot-1, 219-pound frame for one wowing catch after another.
It was more evidence they were the 2011 Washington high school champion in the high jump, long jump and triple jump. Oh, yeah, they were also the Parade magazine national high school football players of the year that senior year at Skyline High School.
"Just the ability to go up and get the ball," Williams said with a shrug outside the visiting locker room Sunday night.
"I just wanted an opportunity to show that I've been doing it a lot in practice. The people that have been around at practice, all the guys in the locker room, they already know. But now it's just a matter of putting it out for the world to see.
"That's what I was waiting for."
The best of Williams' fantastic four in L.A. early in the third quarter. Davis leaped and had Boykin's slightly underthrown pass in their hands for what should have been an interception. But Williams ripped the ball from the Charger as both fell to the turf. The Seahawks gained 34 yards to move them from their own 13 to the 47.
Four plays later Williams did it again, soaring and twisting to catch Boykin's sideline heave while deftly keeping both feet inbounds. That 29-yard gain to the 1 set up Chris Carson's second touchdown run on the next play.
"I loved their game tonight," coach Pete Carroll said. "He lit up our sidelines. Not because it was one or two. It's because it was four big, substantial plays.
"The beautiful time was when they kind of bluffed the guy and then went underneath them to catch the low ball in the fade. The one they took away was probably the most spectacular. It was exciting."
It was what Williams has always done, at every level. From Skyline in Sammamish to UW to the NFL for their hometown team, Williams has used their strength and size to wall off defenders and keep them from the ball. It's much like a basketball player does to box out an opponent from getting a rebound.
"He does do that. We have seen them do that a lot," Carroll said. "He's been doing that most of their career."
Not that it's been an extensive one. Not in the NFL. This is the 25-year-old Williams' third Seahawks training camp. He's been active for only three regular-season games in their first two seasons—but, oddly, for all four playoff games Seattle's played the last two Januarys.
When they missed a practice last week one day after a teammate stepped on their foot, it was a reminder Williams has been getting injured at inopportune times so far in their football life. That dates to their junior year at UW in 2013, when theirs broke the fibula in their lower leg and sustained a ligament and bone displacement in their foot. They needed surgeries to set the leg and have pins inserted into in their foot. Their junior season at UW was ruined, and much of their senior year. Thus, so was their shot of an NFL team drafting him.
Turns out, that complicated injury is why Williams is a Seahawk.
Cincinnati signed them in May 2015 as an undrafted free agent, but the team's doctors got scared off by the pins in their foot. The Bengals failed them in a physical. Williams was a free agent again, but only for a few days.
Seahawks doctor knew the surgeon who'd operated on Williams' foot; they advised the team not to worry about the pins. Plus, Carroll had recruited Williams when the coach was at USC eight years ago. The Seahawks signed them on no-risk, free-agent flyer in the spring of 2015 based on Williams' undeniable physical skills and potential.
He's still here.
"To see them have the opportunity it's kind of what we talked about," Carroll said Sunday. "Some guys would get the opportunity, but it's whether they seize them or not. They certainly did that (Sunday).
"He has great timing. They have great hops and they also know they can make those plays. He's always been able to do that. And it's like you're playing in their wheelhouse when you give them those opportunities."
gregg.bell@thenewstribune.com; @gbellseattle
Police killings must be thoroughly investigated; Lusignan Prison should be shut down immediately-UN Working Group on African descendants
The United Nations Working Group on People of African Descent (WGPAD) Friday recommended that extra-judicial killings by police be thoroughly investigated and perpetrators brought to justice, but no mention was made of the gunning down of several persons by death squads.
“The government should take the necessary measures to guarantee that prompt and impartial inquiries are conducted into all extra-judicial killings by the police, including those targeting people of African descent, perpetrators are prosecuted and effective remedies are provided to victims,” states the WGPAD.
The Working Group made up several other recommendations at the the end of their visit from October 2 to 6, 2017.
Despite repeated concerns by the then opposition that has been in power since 2015 that the then People's Progressive Party Civic (PPPC)-led government had either masterminded or tolerated death squads between 2002 and 2009 to combat heavily armed gangs, the Working Group did not refer to those deaths. The then opposition and allied interest groups had estimated that 400 mainly Afro-Guyanese persons had been gunned down by death squads.
While no mention was made of death squads, the WPAG recommended that Guyana ratify the Convention on Enforced Disappearances, the Optional Protocol on the Convention Against Torture, the Second Optional Protocol of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and remove reservations to the International Convention on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination.
After visiting Linden, Buxton, Georgetown and the Lusignan Prison, the WPAG also recommended that urgent steps be taken to end the political logjam in the appointment of an Ethnic Relations Commission and the Human Rights Commission which are provided for in the 2003 amendment of Guyana's Constitution.
On the condition of the Lusignan Prison, the team said they found that penal institution violated the United Nations Minimum Standards for the treatment of prisoners and so that jail should be shut down almost immediately. “Prisons, which are not fit for human habitation, such as Lusignan Prison, must be closed down without any delay and be replaced with facilities that meet international standards,” the group said.
At the Lusignan Prison, the group said the majority of the inmates were Afro-Guyanese who have to endure inhumane conditions. “The facility is located close to a landfill with foul odour coming from the stagnant dirty water. The unhygienic conditions of the prison and associated health risks are of serious concern.”
The WPAG called on Guyana to ensure that all prisons are operated in keeping with international human rights obligations including the minimum standards for the treatment of prisoners. Overcrowding of prisons and detention centres, the group said, must be addressed urgently and the infrastructure and hygienic conditions are improved in keeping with international standards.
With regard to juvenile detention centres, the Working Group on People of African Descent cited the need for juvenile centres to adhere to international human rights standards and implement programmes for the rehabilitation of children. “There should be independent monitoring and inspection of of all facilities in which children and youth are placed to ensure that standards of treatment and care are maintained,” they said.
The UN Working Group on People of African Descent is expected to report to the UN Human Rights Committee by next year September. By that time, the Human Rights Universal Periodic Review would hear presentations on steps by countries like Guyana about its human rights record.
Tyrone have named their team to face Dublin this Saturday in Division 1 of the Allianz Football League.
There are five changes to the team which lost to Galway last weekend.
Ciaran McLaughlin makes their national league debut coming in at corner back.
Cathal McCarron returns alongside McLaughlin in the full-back line.
While Declan Mc Clure, Richie Donnelly and Lee Brennan also come back into the starting 15.
TYRONE: Niall Morgan; Ciaran McLaughlin, Cathal McCarron, Hugh Pat McGeary; Tiernan McCann, Padraig Hampsey, Peter Harte; Mattie Donnelly, Declan McClure; Richard Donnelly, Niall Sludden, Kieran McGeary; Lee Brennan, Cathal McShane, Connor McAliskey.
Share it:
Don't Miss
Mum stabs themselves in chest as they trip over the
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain'
Richard Ashcroft - This is How it Feels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Festival season is coming - and this year's Download Festival will run from Friday, June 9 to Sunday, June 11.
The Download Festival is held at Donington Park in Derby.
The Aerosmith headline set will be the last chance to see the band perform in the UK.
The show will be their only UK date on the 'Aero-vederci Baby!' Farewell tours as they close the festival on Sunday.
Download Festival 2017 will also feature headline performances from System of a Down and Biffy Clyro.
Here is all you need to know:
Who's on the line up?
Friday: System Of A Down, Prophets of Rage, Five Finger Death Punch, Mastodon, Sabaton, Motionless in White, Northlane, Sum 41, Good Charlotte, Baroness, Suicidal Tendencies, Wakarat, Sleeping Sirens, State Champs, Four Year Strong, Issues, The Devil Wears Prada, Astroid Boys, Moses, Exodus, The Contortionist, Lost Society, Venom Prison, God Damn, Holding Absence and They Must Burn.
Saturday: Biffy Clyro, A Day To Remember, AFI, Pierce The Veil, Of Mice And Men, Creeper, Hacktivist, Rob Zombie, Coheed and Cambria, Kvelertalk, Alestorn, Simple Plan, The Story So Far, Every Time I Die, Crown The Empire, Knuckle Punch, As It Is, The One Hundred, Trash Boat, Greywind, Normandie, Wednesday 13, The Lounge Kittens, Red Sun Rising, I The Mighty, Casey, The Lafontaines, Idles, Junior and Dead Label.
Sunday: Aerosmith, Alter Bridge, Steel Panthers, Airbourne, In Flames, The Cadillac Three, Fozzy, Slayer, Opeth, Clutch, Ministry, Anathema, Devil Driver, Red Fang, The Dead Daisies, The Dillinger Esc Plan, Moose Blood, Basement, The King Blues, Touche Amore, Dinosaur Pile Up, Dead!, Blood Youth, Grove Street Families, Wallflower, Like A Storm, Aaron Buchanan and the Cult Classics, Devilskin, Fizzy Blood, The Charm The Fury, Stone Broken and Brutai.
How much are tickets? And where and when can I get them?
Adult day tickets start at £83 and camping tickets starts from £215.
General Admission Tickets are now available as well as RIP tickets but RIP Camping is already sold out.
Extras including parking, campervan pitches and lockers can be purchased during the booking process, or as a stand alone after you've purchased your ticket.
General Admission Campervan tickets have also already sold out.
Get your tickets from the Ticket Factory here.
What's changing?
Download Festival organisers have revealed there will be major improvements to the festival site this year admitting there were problems at last year's event.
After a flash-flood consumed the festival site in 2016, drenching the fields across Donington Park, serious improvements are underway to fit 3,000 metres of extra drainage in a bid to stop the fields turning to mud.
With the amount of rainfall on the site last year, 106 Olympic size swimming pools could have been filled in just 45 minutes.
Accessibility for those with disabilities is also being improved for 2017. The campsite for disabled fans will be moved and resurfaced to provide a better ease of access. Car parking and facilities for disabled campers will be vastly improved and located within a better distance of the campsite itself, all to make campers feel better catered for.
A 400 person strong 'Dog Squad' will be another new addition to the event. This 'elite' set of officials, will be stationed across all car parks, campsites, in the village and arena to provide better and help and support to festival-goers, provide them with directions. This is in addition to the number of campsite flight attendants which have previously been available in previous years.
205 'Dogs' are still needed to to join the 'Dog Squad' are still available through the clubs official website .
Other changes include a reinforced car park to cope with any rainfall and the third stage will be moved to make journeys between the other stages and campsites a lot easier.
It will now be behind the NXT stage and will avoid masses of crowds collecting at the end of the evening and during busy periods.
A 'Quiet' camping site is also being moved .
Previously, it has been close to East Midlands airport which operates 24 hours a day - not exactly quiet when planes are taking off and landing.
The North East part of the site is also being redeveloped. Over the next three years, the ground will be under construction to become a lot more durable.
New routes for the north of the festival are also in place from the M1, along with regular shuttle routes all, making travel to and from the festival easier.
NXT stage? What?
The future stars of WWE are heading back to the UK this summer.
The budding athletes of the developmental territory NXT will appear at four UK dates ahead of a return to Download.
Last summer, the company's acclaimed developmental division visited the famous rock music festival at Donington Park in Leicestershire.
Future WWE Universal Champion Finn Bálor, future WWE RAW Women's Championship Bayley and ex-NXT Champions Shinshuke Nakamura and Samoa Joe all appeared over three days of action in a special NXT zone.
Download Festival Promoter, Dave Bradley said: “Having WWE NXT at Download is like seeing what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object – you just know sparks are gonna fly!
"Wrestling and rock music go hand in hand and if last year is anything to go by, this exclusive festival experience is only going to be bigger & better for round two!
"This is not to be missed.”
How do I get there?
If you're catching the train, you need to get yourself to Derby or East Midlands Parkway Station and catch the Download Festival shuttle bus.
if you're driving to the festival, it is right next to East Midlands airport.
It is only 3 miles from the major trunk routes of the M1/M42 and A50.
The postcode for Download Festival is DE74 2RP.
The Illinois Conference of Churches, a Christian ecumenical organization with 13 member denominations, will host a rally and prayer service in the Capitol Rotunda from 1:30 to 2 p.m. Feb. 23.
The inter-religious event is designed to help people gather to pray that elected officials of the state pass a budget. The state has gone without a complete budget for more than 18 months.
Following the event, the Illinois Conference of Churches will lead a delegation to deliver letters to the governor and the leadership in the House and Senate asking them to end the stalemate and to reach a compromise to pass a fair budget.
Those attending are being asked to arrive at 1 p.m. to pass through security. Parking is available at the Visitor's Center at Pasfield and Edwards streets.
Dartmouth, NS ( webnewswire.com ) July 4, 2018 – Hayden Agencies is a one-stop shop for people looking for used cars in Halifax. They have been offering a wide range of vehicles, including SUVs, trucks, coupes, hatchbacks, sedans, and ATVs, for more than thirty years. The used car dealer has recently announced a slew of discounts, including cash back offers, referral credits, and discounts for select customers.
Potential customers can now get up to $500 off on car loans upon introducing a co-signer. They also get a $500 discount with a friend or family referral to Hayden Agencies. “Students, Department of National Defence Employees, and people who are new to the country get up to a $1000 discount. This discount also extends to people working for Irving,” says a spokesperson for Hayden Agencies.
The Halifax used Cars company is perfect for people with poor credit or those with zero credit history. Besides offering easy financing options, the company also provides a credit rebuilding program exclusively for their customers. Potential buyers looking for a car loan can fill in the online form and get approved within minutes.
Among other benefits offered by Hayden Agencies, includes free delivery anywhere in Canada and a free detailing before the handover. “We'll offer a full tank on approval and offer a clean MVI. All vehicles sold at the Hayden Agencies go through a 180-point inspection guaranteed to ensure customers that their cars are worth the money and effort,” they add.
Hayden Agencies sells a wide range of brands, including Chevrolet, Toyota, Kia, Mazda, BMW, Honda, and Hyundai in Halifax.
About Hayden Agencies:
Hayden Agencies is one of the best and the most popular used car dealerships in Halifax. They also offer easy credit options for people with bad credit and no credit situations.
For more information, visit https://haydenagencies.com
###
Anti-corruption legislation which includes recommendations from a tribunal which investigated bribes to politicians has been passed by the Seanad.
The Criminal Justice (Corruption Offences) Bill, which had previously been passed by the Dáil, introduces new offences and tough penalties for corruption.
The legislation also gives effect to six recommendations from the Mahon tribunal which investigated alleged bribery of politicians in return for planning rezoning favours.
These include a new offence of giving a gift, consideration or advantage knowing that it will be used to commit corruption. It also presumes a donation to be corrupt where it is not disclosed, or returned in certain circumstances.
And it provides for an unlimited for companies where an individual connected with the company is found guilty of corruption.
The Bill repeals and replaces seven previous anti-corruption Acts and provides for the seizure of bribes.
Minister for Justice Charlie Flanagan described the Bill as a “robust piece of legislation with very strong penalties”.
They said that “for conviction on indictment the penalties for most offences are imprisonment for up to ten years, an unlimited fine, forfeiture of any bribe, possible forfeiture of office for public servants and elected officials and possible prohibition on seeking public office for up to ten years”.
The Minister said the legislation “represents a complete modernisation of our anti-corruption laws. It repeals Acts dating as far back as the Public Bodies Corrupt Practices Act 1889. Providing one modern statute will make the law more accessible.
“It introduces new offences for the first time such as trading in influence and a corporate liability offence whereby a body corporate may be guilty of an offence if anyone acting on behalf of that body is found guilty of a corruption offence.”
The Minister added that the Bill included many recommendations made to the State by the OECD, the EU, the Council of Europe and the United Nations monitoring bodies.
Mr Flanagan added: “In the past, corruption was often viewed as an issue of individual morality or lack of it. In more recent decades, it has been viewed as representing a systemic failure for a company, an economy or for a nation state.
“The European Commission estimates that corruption amounts to 5 per cent of global GDP. Having strong anti-corruption laws in place is essential to tackle this deep-rooted problem.”
The Bill now goes to the President for consideration.
Why it matters: Nintendo's line of classic console remakes - and now, Atari's early pre-order success - has demonstrated that nostalgia is big business. Whether or not the classic gaming company can deliver on its promise of a modern console with true appeal, however, still remains to be seen.
Pre-orders for Atari's retro-inspired game console, the Atari VCS, went live earlier today on crowdfunding platform Indiegogo. The console, which starts at $199, seemed like a tough sell – especially considering it isn't scheduled to ship until the summer of 2019 yet surprisingly enough, it's doing rather well thus far.
As of writing, the Atari VCS campaign has raised more than $1.75 million in funding from nearly 6,700 backers. With a full month remaining and Atari having already smashed its original goal of just $100,000, the future is looking bright in the eyes of retro gaming fans.
Exactly what the Atari VCS is – and isn't – is still somewhat of a mystery. Atari has said the machine will be able to play classics arcade games through the Atari Vault collection but it'll offer much more than a simple stroll down memory lane.
Powered by an AMD Bristol Ridge processor and Radeon R7 graphics alongside 4GB of RAM and 32GB of storage, the machine will be able to push 4K HDR graphics at 60 frames per second to play “the latest modern and indie PC titles” from a variety of developers. With Internet connectivity, it'll also serve as a streaming set-top box for the living room and a web browser.
Some have considered the Atari VCS to be little more than vaporware and it's easy to see how they would get that impression. Even today with the launch of pre-orders, we're still more than a year away from a product launch from a company whose claim to fame came decades ago. Atari announced multiple indie development partners as part of the campaign launch but without some heavy-hitters or tantalizing exclusives, is that really saying a lot?
Hopefully I'm wrong but for now, color me skeptical. Your thoughts?
PS: the base model for $199 doesn't include a gamepay or joystick - what's up with that?
Over the holiday weekend, a groom in Pennsylvania wore their favorite sports team's jersey at their wedding after their bride lost a Super Bowl bet. Patrick Hanks' fiancée Jennifer Sullivan was apparently so sure the New England Patriots would win this year's Super Bowl that they told their friend she'd let Hanks wear an Eagle jersey at their nuptials should the team actually win. So it was time to pay up...the groom took off their tuxedo jacket, grabbed a Carson Wentz jersey he'd stashed near the altar and guests broke into an Eagles chant. They then grabbed Sullivan's hands and said, "Let's finish this up."
Video of Groom Wins Bet, Wears Eagles Jersey At Wedding
Thanks for signing up. You must confirm your email address before we can send you. Please check your email and follow the instructions.
VIA | TMZ
50 Cent just won a huge legal victory when a judge threw out a lawsuit where they were accused of ripping off someone else's work to create their hit show, “Power.”
Two guys wrote a play called “Dangerous” which they claimed was eerily like “Power.” The story line involved a drug dealer who engaged in violence, launders money and attempts to stave off prosecution.
The court said these are common elements that are in the public domain and “One need only look to such shows and movies as The Wire, Empire, Breaking Bad, Narcos, Weeds, Carlito's Way, American Gangster, New Jack City, Scarface and Paid in Full.”
READ MORE
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Austin, Texas; 14, June 2017: Austin's leading locksmith company Henry's Lock and Key is celebrating the arrival of Summer by offering a buy two keys get one key cut free. Every time that Austin residents purchase two normal residential or commercial door lock keys using Henry's Lock and Key, they can get a free cutting service for a spare.
For all of Summer 2017 they will be giving this free key cutting service. Along with this offer they are providing a free security audit for both commercial and residential buildings.
Summer comes in with a new home makeover which is the perfect time to have a new key made or purchase the latest locks to secure your home. The special offer from Henry's Locks and Key have quality written all over them. Henry's Lock and Key is stocked with the latest transponder keys, front door locks of a home, and office lock installations.
The company is equipped with the best quality tools and equipment to handle complex lock mechanisms and offer a consultation where security is concerned. They provide emergency rescue services. “We have always felt pride in serving the local neighborhoods of Austin Texas,” they were quoted, “and these special offers are just a reminder that we care about the security of the residents of Austin Texas.”
Henry's Lock and Key prides themselves in being committed to providing these services to the community. Along with helping people in Austin this opportunity will help them to grow as a business and to earn more trust from their clients.
Henry's Lock and Key has been in the business since the early millennium. They are based in Austin Texas offering automotive, commercial and residential key making services. To find out more about them, visit www.automotivelocksmithaustin.com. Their website has more information on their services.
For Media Contact: Person Name: Henry Haim
Company: Henry's Lock & Key
Phone: 512-400-0004
Email: hlkaustin@yahoo.com
Website: https://www.automotivelocksmithaustin.com/
CHICAGO (AP) — An Illinois environmental group filed a federal lawsuit Wednesday against the owner of a shuttered power plant where contaminants from old coal ash ponds are seeping into the state's only National Scenic River, saying federal and state environmental agencies aren't doing enough to stop it.
Prairie Rivers Network claims that Dynegy Midwest Generation is violating the Clean Water Act and harming the Middle Fork of the Vermilion River because elevated levels of heavy metals — including arsenic, chromium, iron, lead and manganese — are oozing from the riverbanks after groundwater flows through three unlined ash pits. The pits, more than 40 feet deep in some areas, contain more than 3 million cubic yards (2.29 million cubic meters) of ash deposited between 1955 and 2011.
The river, a favorite with kayakers and canoers, flows along the eastern boundary of the former Vermilion Power Station about 135 miles (217 kilometers) south of Chicago, and a 17-mile (27-kilometer) section was designated a scenic river.
Earthjustice filed the lawsuit in U.S. District Court in Urbana on behalf of Prairie Rivers Network. It asks the court to order Dynegy to stop unpermitted discharges and pay civil penalties.
Advertisement
Vistra Energy, which merged with Dynegy, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The Illinois Environmental Protection Agency said the company must submit a closure plan in October based on groundwater studies.
The site is not subject to 2015 Obama-era regulations for ash ponds because it closed in 2011. Earthjustice also has sued to EPA to require it to regulate ash ponds at closed power plants.
Razer is one of the more interesting laptop manufacturers in the market despite only being in the game for a few short years. Their laptops strike a blend of portability and power, with a level of craftsmanship and attention to detail that isn't always found among its peers. But they all share a gamer-like design with neon green accents, rainbow LED lights, and giant glowing snake logo that not everyone might appreciate.
That's especially true for its non-gaming oriented Blade Stealth ultrabook. Well, today the company is addressing this with a refreshed version that gives the range a new, more professional look.
The new Blade Stealth features slightly thinner screen bezels, which has allowed Razer to upgrade from a 12.5-inch (2560 x 1400) panel to a 13.3-inch QHD (3200 x 1800) touch display without increasing the laptop's overall size. That said, it's a tad heavier at 2.93 pounds (1.33kg). The new display also boasts 100% sRGB color coverage and up to 400 nits of brightness.
On the outside the new Blade Stealth features a gunmetal gray chassis and ditches the glowing Razer logo for a more subtle two-tone one, as well as the rainbow backlight keys for white ones.
The new 13.3-inch Blade Stealth starts at $1,399 with a 2.7GHz Core i7 CPU, integrated Intel HD Graphics 620, 16GB of RAM and a 256GB SSD, while a version with 1TB of storage tops out at $1,999.
The 12.5-inch model is still sticking around in its regular black chassis complete with Chroma lighting. It starts at $899 with non-touch QHD display, Intel Core i5 CPU and 128GB SSD, while a new 4K version can be had with a Core i7 CPU and either a 512GB SDD or 1TB SSD for $1,399 or $1,799, respectively.
Ray Lewis is on their way to the Pro Football Hall of Fame, while fellow former Hurricane Edgerrin James will have to wait another year.
Lewis joins this year's Hall of Fame class, announced Saturday night on the eve of the Super Bowl. Before heading to the NFL, Lewis was a three-year starter at linebacker for the Hurricanes from 1993-95. The two-time All-American led the Big East Conference in tackles as a sophomore in 1994 and a junior in 1995.
They were also the 1995 runner-up for the Butkus Award, given to the nation's top linebacker in college football.
Lewis became the 26th overall pick of the Baltimore Ravens in the 1996 NFL draft. The 13-time Pro Bowl player spent their entire 17-year career in Baltimore, leading the Ravens to a pair of Super Bowl victories and being named the MVP of the 2001 Super Bowl.
They were selected in their first year of eligibility for the Hall of Fame. They join Terrell Owens, Randy Moss, Brian Dawkins, Brian Urlacher, Bobby Beathard, Jerry Kramer and Robert Brazile.
James ranks third on Miami's all-time rushing list with 2,960 yards and 32 touchdowns. The fourth overall pick of the Indianapolis Colts in the 1999 draft, James was named NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year and was the league's rushing leader in each of their first two seasons.
The four-time Pro Bowl running back spent 11 seasons in the NFL with the Colts, Arizona Cardinals and Seattle Seahawks. James will be eligible again in 2019.
Lewis and James are both members of Miami's Sports Hall of Fame.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Tamworth primary school is set to take it students back to the 1960s as it celebrates its 50th year serving the town.
Ankermoor Primary Academy, based in Rene Road, has held a 60s extravaganza as the community came together to commemorate 50 years of the school teaching students in Tamworth.
School leaders told the Tamworth Herald about the importance of the place of learning and shared the secrets of its success.
Simon Russell, headteacher at the school, said: "We are delighted to be hold this special event to celebrate 50 years of Ankermoor.
"We have got a special cake and will be getting all our teachers to dress up in their best sixties outfits and teach the children about the school and its impact over the years.
"I have not been here very long but it is easy to see why this school has been so valuable over the last 50 years.
"What makes Ankermoor so special is the pupils and the community spirit that comes from within.
"Many pupils' parents came to the school and can see how it has changed over the years and we are looking forward to the next 50 years as we go into the future."
The school opened back in September 1967 and has been teaching pupils in the town ever since.
The school currently has a 'Good' Ofsted rating recorded at their last inspection, which took place in 2014.
Teachers and pupils tried on their best frocks and gowns from the 1960s on Friday, October 6, as the school took a trip back in time.
Lessons also focused on the school's history and how times have changed over the years.
Joan Hall, who has undertaken a number of different roles within the school over the last 40 years, is also excited to celebrate the milestone later this week.
Joan said: "This is a lovely school and what makes it so special is the pupils that come here every day which make it what it is. So much has changed over the years, but you have to keep going and accept that things will be different as you move forward.
"I have done loads of jobs during my time here, I am general dog's body but I have loved my time at the school."
First 3D printed human corneas
The first human corneas have been 3D printed by scientists at Newcastle University.
It means the technique could be used in the future to ensure an unlimited supply of corneas.
As the outermost layer of the human eye, the cornea has an important role in focusing vision.
Yet there is a significant shortage of corneas available to transplant, with 10 million people worldwide requiring surgery to prevent corneal blindness as a result of diseases such as trachoma, an infectious eye disorder.
In addition, almost 5 million people suffer total blindness due to corneal scarring caused by burns, lacerations, abrasion or disease.
The proof-of-concept research, published today in Experimental Eye Research, reports how stem cells (human corneal stromal cells) from a healthy donor cornea were mixed together with alginate and collagen to create a solution that could be printed, a ‘bio-ink'.
Using a simple low-cost 3D bio-printer, the bio-ink was successfully extruded in concentric circles to form the shape of a human cornea. It took less than 10 minutes to print.
The stem cells were then shown to culture – or grow.
Che Connon, Professor of Tissue Engineering at Newcastle University, who led the work, said: “Many teams across the world have been chasing the ideal bio-ink to make this process feasible. “Our unique gel – a combination of alginate and collagen – keeps the stem cells alive whilst producing a material which is stiff enough to hold its shape but soft enough to be squeezed out the nozzle of a 3D printer.
“This builds upon our previous work in which we kept cells alive for weeks at room temperature within a similar hydrogel. Now we have a ready to use bio-ink containing stem cells allowing users to start printing tissues without having to worry about growing the cells separately.”
The scientists, including first author and PhD student Ms Abigail Isaacson from the Institute of Genetic Medicine, Newcastle University, also demonstrated that they could build a cornea to match a patient's unique specifications.
The dimensions of the printed tissue were originally taken from an actual cornea. By scanning a patient's eye, they could use the data to rapidly print a cornea which matched the size and shape. Professor Connon added: “Our 3D printed corneas will now have to undergo further testing and it will be several years before we could be in the position where we are using them for transplants. “However, what we have shown is that it is feasible to print corneas using coordinates taken from a patient eye and that this approach has potential to combat the world-wide shortage.”
–ends-
About Newcastle University:
Newcastle University, UK, is a thriving international community of some 27,750 students from over 130 countries worldwide. As a member of the Russell Group of research intensive universities in the UK, Newcastle has a world-class reputation for research excellence in the fields of medicine, science and engineering, social sciences and the humanities. The Research Excellence Framework 2014 (REF) placed Newcastle University 16th in the UK for Research Power and most of our research (78%) were assessed to be world-leading or internationally excellent. Newcastle University is honored with a Gold Award – in the Teaching Excellence Framework and is known for research-led teaching delivered by dedicated and passionate teachers (TEF).
Newcastle University is also ranked:
– 1st in the UK for Computing Science research impact, 3rd in the UK for Civil Engineering research power and 11th in the UK for Mathematical Sciences research.
– 3rd in the UK for English, and in the top 12 for Geography, Architecture, and Planning, and Cultural and Media Studies research quality
– 4th amongst UK medical schools for Clinical Medicine research intensity
Newcastle University is also among the top 20 universities in the country with the employment rate of 94%.
For more information, please visit Newcastle University, UK website: http://www.ncl.ac.uk/
Glenn Rubenstein (@GlennRubenstein) and Justin LaBar (@JustinLaBar) are back for the latest edition of the Wrestling Inc. podcast, which stars at noon ET. Topics include:
- WWE SmackDown Review
- The latest on Bray Wyatt's car accident.
And more!
You can watch the full episode in the video above and join our live chat for the show on our YouTube channel at youtube.com/WrestlingINC.
The Wrestling Inc. Podcast airs every Monday immediately following RAW, Wednesdays at noon ET and post-WWE PPV Sundays immediately after the event with Matt Morgan, Glenn Rubenstein and Raj Giri. Replays are streamed on our Facebook page Facebook.com/WrestlingINC the following day at noon ET except for the Wednesday podcast, which is available the same day at 3pm ET.
You can subscribe to the Wrestling Inc. Podcast on iTunes and on YouTube. Please rate us and leave a comment.
PERTH (miningweekly.com) – Oil and gas producer Beach Energy has reduced its expected full-year capital spend from between A$405-million and A$455-million, to between A$370-million and A$400-million.
The ASX-listed company said on Tuesday that the tightening of capital spend during the 2018 financial year was as a result of Beach deferring noncore maintenance capital projects at its offshore assets, in conjunction with ongoing capital efficiencies in the Cooper basin.
Advertisement
Beach CEO Matt Kay told shareholders that the company was currently undertaking its yearly asset review, following the A$1.58-billion acquisition of Lattice Energy, with a focus on applying the company's low cost, fit-for-purpose operating model to the new offshore asset base, and determining optimal capital work programmes, project ranking and sequencing across the entire portfolio.
Beach reported record production of 6.6-million barrels of oil equivalent during the three months to March, up from the 2.6-million barrels of oil equivalent reported in the December quarter, as the Lattice Energy assets were integrated into the Beach portfolio.
Advertisement
Sales volumes for the quarter were also up by 143%, to 6.8-million barrels of oil equivalent, resulting in sales revenues of A$393-million.
“While I am encouraged by the first steps we have taken, there is still more to be done, especially as we continue to drive business synergies. We remain on track to meet our synergy target of A$50-million per annum by the end of 2019,” Kay said about the Lattice integration.
At the Cooper basin operations, Beach also reported a 20% increase in oil production during the quarter, along with an 89% drilling success rate, which included three horizontal development wells that will be monitored to confirm their anticipated superior return potential, which has led to the identification of further horizontal well locations that will be drilled in 2019.
“Our success in the Cooper basin supports our target of maintaining 2018 Cooper basin production over 2019 and 2020,” Kay said.
Beach on Tuesday tightened its production guidance for the full 2018, from the previous guidance of between 25.5-million and 27.6-million barrels of oil equivalent, to between 26-million and 27-million barrels of oil equivalent.
PESHAWAR, Pakistan: Pakistan's powerful military, long accused by outsiders of backing Islamist militant groups, is facing an unexpected challenge—a charismatic young Pashtun man who won't keep quiet.
Fellow Pashtuns have rallied behind Manzoor Pashteen in a dramatic outpouring of frustration over accusations of discrimination and extrajudicial killings at the hands of men in uniform.
Hundreds of thousands of them have had to leave their homes near the border with Afghanistan in the last decade, fleeing fighting that erupted when the army began what the Pashtun Protection Movement (PTM) says was a selective clampdown on the militants that took refuge there after the 2001 US-led ousting of the Taliban.
Echoing accusations by Washington and Kabul, PTM activists say the military continues to allow these extremists a safe haven from which to launch attacks in Afghanistan, while targeting insurgents that have turned their guns on Pakistan.
“This policy… it's very dangerous for us,” Pashteen, the movement's 26-year-old leader, told AFP during a recent interview.
The strategy, they say, has upended traditional Pashtun tribal society, as civilians are harassed, killed or abducted by security forces and insurgents in the ensuing crossfire.
Pashteen's movement poses a unique challenge to the military's narrative about its war on militants, says analyst Michael Semple, because it has given a voice to previously marginal accounts.
“It remains one of the weak points of the double game approach—real people live there and see what you're doing,” said Semple, a professor at Queen's University Belfast.
“This movement is spilling the beans.”
At a rally on Sunday in Lahore, Pakistan's second-largest city, thousands came to chant the PTM slogan: “The uniforms are behind the terrorists”.
It was a remarkable scene, with such accusations against the security establishment viewed as a dangerous red line that few have dared to cross.
The Lahore rally was held in defiance of local authorities, who had denied the PTM formal permission to stage the protest and detained some of its supporters.
‘Good Taliban'
For years, Pakistan has been accused by the US and others of using militants such as the Afghan Taliban as proxies, allowing them safe haven in the tribal areas.
Islamabad has repeatedly denied the claims.
It says it has carried out multiple operations in the region, and taken steps to harden the porous border, while pointing to the thousands killed by militants as evidence of Pakistan's sacrifices.
“No army can support terrorists against whom they have fought so relentlessly,” Maj. Gen. Asif Ghafoor, the military spokesperson, told AFP.
But the allegations persist. In January, the White House suspended security assistance to Pakistan over the issue.
Despite a dramatic improvement in security in recent years, the tribal districts remain largely out of bounds to foreigners and journalists, making claims difficult to verify.
The PTM's Pashteen says at least 40 of their family members and friends have been killed in the chaos unleashed by the war since 2001. Another 30 have been abducted, they claim. Fellow activists tell of similar losses.
“You can call someone ‘Good Taliban' but he's not good for us… he's killed us,” Pashteen explained, referring to a euphemism for alleged Pakistan-backed insurgents that fight in Afghanistan.
Tipping point
Pashtuns hold a complicated place in Pakistan, where they number roughly 30 million, accounting for 15 percent of the population.
Lauded for their martial abilities since Alexander the Great, both militants and the military have turned to them for decades to fight their wars.
Both the Afghan and the Pakistani Taliban, two separate militant entities, are dominated by Pashtuns.
As a result, ordinary Pashtun civilians are often stereotyped as backward tribesmen in league with terrorists, harassed in cities, hassled by landlords and denied hotel rooms.
“We have fought for our own country. Then why has this been done to us?” asked PTM supporter Sher Bahadar Afridi.
In the beginning, Pashteen's aims were humble.
When they and a small group of friends started on the “Pashtun Long March” to Islamabad in January, they carried a list of just 150 names allegedly abducted by security forces, hoping to present it to authorities.
The demand was not new—rights activists have been demanding an end to enforced disappearances for years in Pakistan.
But the murder of a Pashtun social media star in an alleged extrajudicial killing by the police in January proved to be a tipping point, with thousands rallying behind Pashteen leading to the PTM's creation.
“The biggest thing (the movement) achieved was removing that atmosphere of fear,” explained analyst Rafiullah Kakar.
But their reception in the mainstream media has been muted.
A far-reaching media blackout has kept news and images of the rallies off TV screens nationwide.
Despite the pushback, PTM is demanding action—including investigations into disappearances and extrajudicial killings and an end to what it says is undue harassment of Pashtuns at security checkpoints.
The military, meanwhile, has accused them of collusion with Pakistan's enemies.
“They are young and simple Pashtuns who are being exploited by inimical forces,” said Ghafoor, the military spokesperson.
AFP
In the third-and-final instalment of their conversation with Andrew Radd, Northamptonshire's head coach David Ripley looks at their own team's prospects in 2018
County cricket enthusiasts of my vintage (and older) relished one sound above any other – although admittedly the first cuckoo of spring might have run it close.
When the envelope containing membership card, annual report and a sheaf of miscellaneous leaflets – ‘Join the Paramilitary Wing of the Association of Cricket Statisticians' – dropped on the doormat around this time of year, spirits rose sky-high.
It wouldn't be long before my Uncle Percy on the gate at Wantage Road would hail members of the visiting team with the time-honoured greeting: “Are you a player?”
Even – as on one memorable occasion – if the vehicle they were reluctant to allow in bore the legend ‘Alvin Kallicharran – Warwickshire and West Indies Cricketer' in large newly-painted letters on the side.
Anyhow, the first ball will be bowled in a couple of months' time – and the County's head coach David Ripley has already had plenty of opportunity to run the rule over their squad, including new signings Brett Hutton and Luke Procter.
“Training has been really good so far,” they say.
“You try to pencil in your teams at this time of year – which I'm sure a lot of our supporters will also be doing now – and it's not easy to get that final eleven.
“We've brought in two experienced players who've each done well for their counties in recent years, and who are coming here with points to prove
“So the idea (mooted by former England wicketkeeper Matt Prior and mentioned in this column last week) of people sitting in county cricket with no ambition clearly doesn't apply in their case.
“These are two guys who've chosen to move – Brett wants to find red-ball opportunities with us while Luke wants to really pin down a spot and crack on with their game.
“They're hungry players and I've been really pleased with how they've fitted in here.”
Most of Northamptonshire's squad members reported back in November (although actual cricket training doesn't kick in for the majority until the new year), and one notable absentee was seamer Mohammad Azharullah, released at the end of last season after five years on the books.
“Losing Azhar does leave us with a niche to fill,” Ripley admits.
“His bowling at the death will be missed, and someone else in the group will have to step up and take on that role.”
Expectation plays a huge part in every sport.
Not many supporters would have risked their hard-earned dosh on Northamptonshire gaining Championship promotion last season. Another run to the T20 knockout stages looked altogether more plausible.
In the event, of course, the County notched their same number of Championship victories as when Mushtaq's side finished as runners-up in 1976 – only to miss out on a return to Division One by a handful of points.
But the white-ball showing was less impressive.
“We were just inconsistent in the T20. We played some good cricket but at other times we were off the pace.
“Yes, we did have injuries. I know you can hide behind it, but missing people like Cobb, White, Levi and Prasanna – these were major players and difficult to replace in a smallish squad.
“I think the 50-over cup was our biggest disappointment of the summer.
“We've got a good team in that format – as we showed the previous year – but we just didn't get out of the blocks.
“How we got on in our last ten overs compared to what the opposition did in their last ten – a lot of the time that was instrumental in the outcome of the game.
“You can put in the effort and training and have your plans in place, but the execution has to be right too.
“As far as the Championship goes, I'm
still trying to come to terms with us having a season like that and yet not be sitting here looking forward to another crack at the first division.
“It was disappointing to play that well and not go up. But we'll dust ourselves off and be ready to have another go.”
If nothing else, I suspect we won't see another issue with the over-rate…
Losing any player to injury is frustrating for a coach, but the absence for a good chunk of last summer of left-arm spinner Graeme White deprived Northamptonshire of a key figure in all competitions.
They underwent shoulder surgery at the end of the campaign – and Ripley hopes to see them on active service again in May, if not April.
“The first couple of weeks of training suggested that Ben Sanderson and Richard Gleeson were both perhaps slightly ahead of schedule, while Graeme was maybe a little bit behind.
“The operation he's had lends itself to a touch more care and attention.
“He and some of the other lads will be heading off – with (Ripley's right-hand man) Phil Rowe – to Spain for just over a week to get outdoors, get some overs into their legs and build themselves up ready for the workloads we'll need at the start of the season.
“I would point out that they're self-funding it too, including Phil!
“So again – this idea of people ‘floating around' in county cricket and not doing enough really isn't the case.
“Hopefully Graeme will make some improvements there. At the end of 2016 they were chosen for the North against the South after having a brilliant season in the 50-over Cup, and they were also maturing as a person.
“You see that when he's coaching the young kids, you see it when he's around our group.
“I know he's not a young cricketer any more but it's apparent to me that those performances helped them grow as an individual.
“He's an important member of our white-ball team. We might not need them right at the start, but certainly by the time the 50-over matches come along we need them to be at their best.”
Oxford in nine-and-a-bit weeks' time? Can't wait.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
~Nelson Mandela
In perusing some education-based news sources, I came across two topics that independently caught my attention. One pertained to the increasing awareness of the relationship between a college education and one's general health, and the other was related to the need to infuse more creative and critical thinking into our education system. While each of these issues could fill a complete article, I would like to focus on the interdependency between them to bring some interesting insights to the surface.
In an early 2018 issue, the Chronicle of Higher Education published a heart wrenching article about the problems that keep Missouri's Bootheel region, situated in the Southeastern part of the state, in a stranglehold. A disturbing correlation between deficient educational preparedness and diminished career opportunities was revealed. This is in and of itself nothing new, of course, but this correlation was further linked to an increased percentage of sick people and “deaths of despair” (from drugs, alcohol, or suicide). The county described in this case, Dunklin County, Mo., has only 12.6% of people with bachelor's degrees, compared to the national average of 31.3%, yielding a median household income of about $31,000 compared to the national average of nearly $54,000. Unfortunately, there are numerous places in the US that reveal a similar concerning reality, as can be seen in the table below.
States with lower percentages of college degree holders, also account for lower median household incomes, and additionally, rank rather low in general health. This clearly accentuates the need to stimulate our upcoming generations nationwide toward obtaining at least a bachelor's degree. Fortunately, we live in times where age is no longer an impediment to furthering one's education and career, so the encouragement should also be extended beyond the younger echelons of society. Not only does a higher college degree open the door to better paid jobs, it generally also leads to different decision-making processes.
This, then, is a great segue into the other attention grabber that I would like to share: the need to infuse more creative and critical thinking in our education system. While earning a college degree is definitely better than not earning one, it is equally important to consider the content as well as the context in this matter. In a recent keynote, delivered at the 38th Annual Future of Education Technology Conference (FETC), Sir Ken Robinson, my favorite educationalist, re-emphasized their concern about the lingering excessive focus on conformity versus diversity, compliance versus creativity, and competition versus collaboration. They pointed out, as they regularly do on several forums and in their books, that the philosophy implemented in education structures today is based on the now obsolete mindset and strategy of the industrial era, a timeframe we left behind us almost a century ago! In their own creative way, Robinson underscored that educators have to consider what they teach upcoming generations of professionals: finding solutions to problems through more creative and critical thinking, by looking beyond the periphery of the immediate and available resources. Robinson encouraged more playfulness and team performance in educational settings, as this is simply more in line with human nature.
Let us now weave the two ideas together: 1) Exposing yourself to higher education leads to increased career opportunities and better health; and 2) Thinking more critically and creatively with a collaborative focus leads to better professional performance. I see these two ideas as a perfect sequence toward repeated success in life, in professional as well as personal environments. I believe that those who aim to embark on obtaining a four years degree or higher should start with considering the educational models used by various institutions of higher education. Obtaining higher education is essential, but it is equally critical to make sure that you obtain the type of education that will prepare you for the needs of an ever-changing, fast-paced, surprising world.
As the Business School Dean at Woodbury University, a small, private, non-profit educational institution, I take pride in working with a faculty team that understands the importance of team performance, civic engagement, and a high level of interaction. Each of these aspects is vital for performance in every area of life: team performance leads to deeper and broader insights and richer outcomes; civic engagement ensures exposure to, and therefore, better understanding of real life situations; and an interactive setting leads to enhanced participation and critical thinking. By exposing all our business undergraduate and graduate students, regardless of their major or concentration, to a variety of real life challenges, we encourage them in team settings to identify and engage in ways to alleviate existing needs in society. By doing so we train our graduates in critical and creative thinking, help expand their horizons for career options, and illuminate their preparedness to implement business with a conscience.
Joan Marques is dean of Woodbury University's School of Business.
A former sports coach in Waterford has been sent to the circuit court for trial on 99 charges relating to the alleged sexual and indecent assault of three boys.
Sixty-seven year-old Bill Kenneally formerly of Summerville Avenue, Waterford city, is charged with committing the offences in Waterford over 20 years ago.
The three complainants are now aged in their 40s.
A book of evidence was served on Kenneally, a former basketball coach, last month, and they appeared in Waterford district court today in relation to the charges.
Solicitor Matthew Byrne said they had been instructed to take on the case, from Patrick Newell who had been representing the accused.
Mr Byrne asked Judge David Staunton if the legal aid originally granted to Bill Kenneally could be transferred to them and said that they had spoken to Mr Newell in relation to this and there was no objection.
Judge Staunton agreed to transfer the legal aid, and also allowed for a senior counsel and junior counsel to be appointed to the accused, after Mr Byrne said the charges were “serious matters”.
The judge sent Bill Kenneally forward for trial, on 99 charges contained in the book of evidence, to the current sittings of Waterford Circuit Criminal Court.
They advised the accused that if they intend to rely on alibi evidence in their trial, they have 14 days to inform the prosecution about this.
Bill Kenneally was remanded on continuing bail in relation to the charges, on their own bond of €500, and signed the bail bond before leaving the court.
Share it:
Don't Miss
A hospitality worker has said the industry is such a "danger zone", some staffs are forced to hide in the toilets to avoid sexual harassment.
Auckland woman Chloe King said they have been a victim of harassment for much of their 12-year career. They urged other hospitality workers to speak up and ride the Me Too movement.
"Groping, guys grabbing your ass, a lot of times male customers go in for a hug, they don't ask for permission. Maybe their hands go a bit lower and lower until it reaches your bum. That's quite common," King told Newstalk ZB.
"It's pretty common to see sexual harassment and assault brushed off, not really tackled. You're just told that's the way it is.
Advertisement
"After 12 years of hospitality I'm really exhausted by the fact I can not go into my workplace and feel safe. It almost feels like you're walking into a danger zone."
This comes as the E Tū union shines a light on the blase attitude of some managers towards harassment complaints.
The union says it's fielding calls from workers who've had their complaints ignored by their employers.
The union said victims were being told sexual harassment comes with the territory.
Hospitality Association general manager Rachel Shadbolt said it was unfortunate to hear about managers dismissing concerns as it was a health and safety issue. Them message to employers who hear harassment complaints was clear - take it seriously, and address it quickly.
King remembers working at a bar in Howick where their two male managers burst into laughter after a regular customer said they saw them running and watched "your tits bounce up and down".
Waiters and bartenders often feel disempowered as they work precarious hours for "poverty wages", which can make it hard to speak out, King said.
"This is not just a stepping-stone job. It needs to get better - it can not remain this way. It's just unfair."
King said it was clear there was an issue if staff had to hide in toilets to avoid harassment, because their workplace doesn't have a zero-tolerance policy.
Rick Perry's emergence as a serious contender for the Republican presidential nomination is a sign of the times. The Texas governor's leap into national prominence was made possible by the economic performance of their state, which has created jobs by the bushel full while the nation as a whole is losing them.
How much credit Perry deserves is an open question, but their candidacy brought the jobs issue to the center of the national political debate, where it should have been all along. Recent polls show Perry and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney, the other presidential candidate who talks about job creation, running away from the rest of the Republican field.
On jobs and myriad other issues, it makes sense for Republicans to turn to the states for salvation. The news this year has been dominated by natural disasters, upheaval in the Middle East and political gridlock in Washington, D.C. All this has helped panic the markets and pushed the United States to the brink of another recession — not that most Americans think we ever really emerged from the last one.
Meanwhile, news from the state capitals has drifted to the back burner after early controversy over the successful efforts of Republican Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin, backed by a GOP-controlled Legislature, to curb the collective bargaining power of most public employees.
In the ensuing months, Republican-controlled state legislatures and governors have taken the nation on a conservative course on issues that, in addition to collective bargaining, include pension reform, abortion, voter identification, gun control and immigration. All this was made possible by the 2010 elections, in which Republicans gained more than 740 state legislative seats and a net of six governorships. Going into the election, the GOP held the legislative majority in both houses in 14 states. After it was over, the Republicans controlled both houses in 26 states and governorships in 29.
The most ballyhooed GOP electoral achievement in 2010 was its gain of 63 congressional seats and control of the House of Representatives. But Democrats retained the Senate and still have President Barack Obama in the White House. In the states they control, Republicans faced no such obstacles and have, on the whole, made the most of their opportunities.
There are historical antecedents for state leadership when there is divided government in Washington while one party holds a commanding majority in the statehouses. The most notable precedent was in the early years of the Great Depression, especially from 1930 to 1932, when Democrats controlled many state governments while Republican Herbert Hoover was president. Democrat Franklin D. Roosevelt was elected in 1932, and soon after their inauguration in March 1933 launched the New Deal.
Many of the transformational measures of this manifold social experiment — unemployment insurance, public works programs, deposit insurance, even Social Security — were modeled after successful programs that had been tried first in the states, especially FDR's own state of New York during the governorship of Al Smith. It may seem odd to mention the conservative Perry and the progressive Smith in the same sentence, but both provided economic leadership in their states when it was lacking in Washington.
What is happening now, however, is a different sort of debate than the one that occurred during the Depression, when businesses and farms were failing and Americans turned to government as a last resort. Today, after decades of deficit spending that was briefly interrupted in the 1990s and then accelerated at full throttle during the presidencies of George W. Bush and Obama, there is broad public understanding that the federal government has been living far beyond its means.
Conservatives say the spending spigot must be turned off quickly to prevent the United States from going the way of Greece. Republicans are counting on their eternal prescription of lower taxes and private enterprise to jump-start the lagging economy and avoid a new recession. Liberals would prefer a second federal stimulus program even though the results of the first one were less than glorious. Democrats acknowledge the necessity of eventually reducing the deficit but say the immediate priority is to create jobs.
Obama, with no hope of winning congressional approval of a duplicate of their first stimulus bill, the $787 billion American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, has settled for a more modest proposal, which they are careful to call a “jobs” program rather than a “stimulus,” priced at $447 billion. Even that figure is inflated. More than half the benefits of the Obama proposal, whatever it is called, come from continuing a holiday on Social Security payroll taxes — with a partial extension of the tax break to employers — plus extension of unemployment benefits.
There have been echoes of the deficit debate in the states, which are limited by budget-balancing requirements that do not apply to the federal government. Republican dominance has contributed to frugal policies in which budgets are balanced more by spending cuts than tax increases. Partisanship on budgetary issues, however, is not as stark in the states as in the nation's capital. In New York state, for instance, Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo shunned calls from liberals in their own party (and The New York Times) to extend a tax surcharge on high incomes and instead won overwhelming bipartisan support for a prudent budget that wiped out a $10 billion deficit and reduced spending on Medicaid, the federal-state program that provides health care for the poor.
Indeed, most states, regardless of party control, have had to reduce spending for the neediest as the stumbling economy has driven families into poverty and increased the Medicaid rolls. More than 11,000 of the poorest families in Michigan have been told that in October they will lose cash-assistance grants the state has long provided. California and Arizona have made it harder for low-income residents to receive cash grants; Florida and Missouri are reducing the duration of jobless benefits for laid-off workers.
Where the GOP domination in the states has had the most impact is less on economic issues than on political ones such as voter identification, which Republicans describe as an effort to control fraud and Democrats see as an attempt to restrict access and depress voter turnout. There's not much evidence for either proposition: voter fraud prosecutions are infrequent and turnout has increased in some states since voter ID laws went into effect. But in an era when identification is routinely required for travel and purchases, Republicans have the stronger political case. Six states in which the Republicans hold a legislative edge passed voter ID laws this year, bringing to 29 the number of states requiring identification at the polls, including 14 that require a photo.
The Republican ascendancy in the states has also spilled over onto social issues, predictably on abortion and somewhat surprisingly on prison sentencing reform. State after state is rebelling against the high cost of jailing minor offenders. Kentucky passed legislation (HB 463) to offer nonviolent drug offenders treatment instead of prison, a measure spearheaded by state Senate President David Williams, R-Burkesville, who has since become the GOP nominee for governor.
Various sentencing reforms also became law in four states — Georgia, Oklahoma, South Carolina and Texas — with Republican-run legislatures and GOP governors, as well as in Connecticut, where Democrats hold both the governorship and legislative majorities.
Opponents of abortion advanced their goals in several states where Republicans are in control. Indiana, Kansas and North Carolina cut off funding to Planned Parenthood and other social clinics that provide abortion. Texas required a doctor to perform a sonogram before an abortion (HB 15), while Alabama, Idaho, Indiana, Kansas and Oklahoma banned abortions after the 20th week of pregnancy. Abortion rights advocates have fought back in the courts. A federal judge ordered Kansas to restore federal funds to Planned Parenthood and another judge put the Indiana law on hold. Still another federal judge blocked a portion of the Texas law that required doctors to describe what they found on the sonograms to women who are having abortions.
Democrats have had no such luck in legal challenges to collective bargaining restrictions. The Wisconsin Supreme Court upheld the bargaining ban on a 4-3 vote. Ohio passed an even stricter ban on collective bargaining (SB 5) that includes police officers and firefighters, which the Wisconsin law does not. Indiana also extended an existing ban to teachers (SB 575). Several other states tinkered with collective bargaining laws, generally at the expense of employees.
Whether the right turn in state legislatures foreshadows Republican victories in the 2012 presidential and congressional elections remains to be seen. But with the economy mired in slow growth and high unemployment, and the White House struggling to gain traction, Democrats have as much reason as Republicans did during the Depression to worry about their political prospects.
— Summerland resident Lou Cannon is a longtime national political writer and acclaimed presidential biographer. Their most recent book — co-authored with their son, Carl — is Reagan's Disciple: George W. Bush's Troubled Quest for a Presidential Legacy. Cannon also is an editorial adviser to State Net Capitol Journal, which published this column originally.
A look at what's happening around baseball today:
TEST OF THE CHAMPION
After wrapping up a series at Yankee Stadium on Wednesday night, Jose Altuve and the World Series champion Astros return home to face another 2017 playoff opponent in Boston. Including a four-game series at Cleveland last weekend, that makes three straight foes for Houston that participated in last year's post-season. Lance McCullers Jr. (6-3, 3.98 ERA) starts the opener of a four-game set against Red Sox lefty Drew Pomeranz (1-2, 6.75 ERA).
BACK ON THE MOUND
Dodgers ace Clayton Kershaw is scheduled to return to the rotation at home against the Philadelphia Phillies. The three-time NL Cy Young Award winner has been on the disabled list for nearly a month with left biceps tendinitis.  They are 1-4 with a 2.86 ERA this season. Aaron Nola (6-2, 2.27 ERA) pitches for the Phillies.
BEASTS OF THE NL EAST
The Nationals and Braves, in a tight race with the Phillies for the top spot in the NL East, begin a four-game series in Atlanta. Tanner Roark (2-4, 3.17 ERA) starts for Washington against Atlanta's Sean Newcomb (5-1, 2.75 ERA).
'ROCK BOTTOM' IN QUEENS
Entering Wednesday night, the New York Mets have been reeling, and first-year manager Mickey Callaway is looking for a way out. Almost nothing has gone right since New York won its fourth straight game on May 21. The Mets are 16-25 since starting the season 11-1. Though the Mets did earn a split of their series in Atlanta with a 4-1 win on Wednesday. "We've hit rock bottom the last few days and we have to come out of it," Callaway said before the game. New York has 11 players on the disabled list, including sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Todd Frazier, reliever Anthony Swarzak and catcher Travis d'Arnaud.
STILL NOT MILLER TIME
Andreas Mikkelsen made a fairy tale start to their Hyundai career by leading RallyRACC Catalunya - Rally de España after Friday's opening leg.
Making their debut for the Korean team after joining last month, Mikkelsen ended a captivating day with a 1.4sec advantage in their i20 World Rally Car over WRC leader Sébastien Ogier.
The lead battle was incredibly tight and three drivers topped the leaderboard over the six mixed surface speed tests covering 115.90km.
Sunshine and high temperatures ensured the dry gravel tracks west of Salou favoured the late starters. Those early in the order swept loose gravel aside to leave a cleaner and faster line for those behind.
The cleaning was not as pronounced as expected this morning and Ott Tänak led initially. Mikkelsen's choice of hard compound tyres helped them move into a slender 0.6sec advantage over fellow Norwegian Mads Østberg at the midpoint.
Østberg edged ahead before Mikkelsen regained the initiative and held off a charging Ogier, despite a final stage glitch.
“I'm very happy with how it's going. It's a new car for me and I need to get used to it. I was too careful in the first two stages but I changed the differential settings and it gave me a better feeling. Something happened with the suspension in the last stage but we managed,” they said.
Road opener Ogier endured the worst of the loose gravel but was sublime in the technical asphalt midway through the long Terra Alta test which closed each loop. They masterfully managed their Ford Fiesta's tired tyres to climb to second.
Kris Meeke won two stages in their Citroën C3 en route to third, 3.0sec off the lead. It could have been even better had the Briton not dropped vital seconds when they spun.
Tänak's tenure at the front ended with a slow puncture and the Estonian was uncomfortable with their Fiesta's handling this afternoon. They ended 3.3sec behind Meeke and 0.8sec ahead of a frustrated Østberg.
A hole allowed the cockpit in Østberg's Fiesta to fill with dust and their temper reached boiling point when the heater jammed on in the final stage. Having never been outside the top two, they slipped to fifth.
Dani Sordo struggled for grip initially but the Spanish hero's mood improved alongside the traction and they were 10.8sec off the lead in sixth, a place ahead of dispirited team-mate Thierry Neuville.
The Belgian's title hopes were jolted when their choice of soft tyres were unsuited to the morning conditions and they grappled to find the ideal set-up when the stages were repeated.
Juho Hänninen, Stéphane Lefebvre and Esapekka Lappi completed the leaderboard, Lappi dropping more than 30sec after losing their brakes.
Elfyn Evans lacked traction and a puncture added to the Welshman's woes but Jari-Matti Latvala suffered bigger troubles. The Finn retired their Toyota Yaris from seventh before the final stage with mechanical issues.
Teams had an extended 75-minute service tonight in which to convert the cars from gravel to asphalt specification for the final two sealed surface days.
Saturday features two identical loops of three tests, split by service, before ending with a crowd-pleasing stage along Salou seafront. It adds up to 121.86km of action.
The Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) is negotiating with the camp of Sen. Emmanuel “Manny” Pacquiao for the possible settlement of their P2.2-billion tax case, according to Internal Revenue Commissioner Caesar Dulay.
Dulay made the disclosure on Monday, the last day of the filing of income tax returns in Quezon City.
Asked to comment on the statements of President Rodrigo Duterte on the tax evasion cases of some business tycoons like Lucio Tan, Dulay said there were some personalities seeking to reach a compromise with the BIR.
“For example, the lawyers of Senator Pacquiao. We all know that they have an existing tax case so we are in a discussion,” they told reporters.
“We are still in negotiation. If I were to be asked, I hope [that there will be a settlement]. They said they'll come
and see me again and I hope they do it fast,” they said.
The BIR filed a P2.2-billion tax liability case against Pacquiao, accusing them of not paying correct taxes in 2008 and 2009.
The BIR said the tax liabilities stemmed partly from Pacquiao's failure to present proper documentation of their tax payments to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) of the United States.
The case is now pending at the Court of Tax Appeal.
Dulay said the negotiation with Pacquiao reflected the BIR's effort to encourage taxpayers to avail themselves of the compromise program of the bureau.
Sanju Trailer REACTION| Ranbir Kapoor | Sanjay Dutt | Sonam Kapoor | Anushka Sharma | FilmiBeat
What an actor! What a performance! This is how it should be done! Amazing! Mind-blowing! Well, we feel you.
The much-awaited trailer of Sanjay Dutt's biopic 'Sanju' helmed by Rajkumar Hirani, starring Ranbir Kapoor in the lead role is finally out and Ranbir's hard-work and dedication speak volumes about the terrific actor that they are.  They are one of the greatest talents, we have in Bollywood and no one can replace him.
'Sanju' showcases the highs and lows of Sanjay Dutt's life-giving an insight into the unbelievable story of the actor and each and every second of the trailer will leave you wanting for more. Enough of talking, check out the trailer yourself and let Ranbir take you on a three-minute crazy ride!
There are many scenes in the trailer that will leave a long-lasting impact on your mind. One's heart breaks when Ranbir gets slapped; while in one gut-wrenching scene, they are seen shouting for help when the prison toilet overflows.
In the trailer, we got a glimpse of all the stars of Sanju including Paresh Rawal, Manisha Koirala, Sonam Kapoor, Dia Mirza, Anushka Sharma, Vicky Kaushal and Mahesh Manjrekar.
The film is slated to hit the threatres on June 29, 2018 and we can't wait enough for the day!
Nigerian police say they have found the bodies of 41 men with their throats cut in a northern area that is notorious as a hideout for criminal gangs.
Eighteen bodies were found in a river on Sunday while 23 others were discovered in a nearby forest in the Zurmi area of Zamfara state, police commissioner Kenneth Ebrimson said on Tuesday.
Police arrested four suspects after searching the bush area and also found machetes and guns, they told reporters in Gusau, the state capital.
They said the suspects were identified as members of a widely-feared local vigilante group “who decided to carry out the extra-judicial killings”.
Police believe the victims were gang members who had been involved in cattle rustling and kidnapping.
But local residents were unable to identify any of the bodies, suggesting they were not resident in the area, they said.
Farming and cattle herding communities in Zamfara have for years been terrorised by gangs of cattle thieves and kidnappers who raid villages, steal cows and abduct locals for ransom.
As a hideout, the gangs use the Ruggu forest which straddles Zamfara, Katsina and Kaduna states.
The attacks have prompted villagers to form militia groups for protection but they, too, have been accused of taking the law into their own hands and killing suspected bandits.
Those killings attract reprisals from motorcycle-riding criminal gangs, who carry out indiscriminate killings and arson in retaliation.
In April the Nigerian government deployed troops to Zamfara to fight the gangs while the police outlawed the vigilantes to end the tit-for-tat killings.
A young researcher has combined cutting-edge data analysis and ancient artefacts to gain fresh insights into our country's pre-European history.
The igneous rock obsidian has long been a useful reference for archaeologists to piece together the past, given Maori used it for a range of tools and activities.
University of Auckland researcher Caleb Gemmell took a new approach to studying them with what's called social network analysis - a set of tools and data models used to redefine the structure of social groups.
Building off a larger study supported by the Marsden Fund and research supervisors Dion O'Neale and Thegn Ladefoged, their Science Scholars project sought to investigate how pre-European Maori interacted and travelled throughout New Zealand.
Advertisement
"By using social network analysis, we modelled the flow of material throughout regions of the North Island."
This offered Gemmell an idea about how groups were trading the obsidian and travelling to sources of it, and yielded new information about the structure of the pre-European Maori societal groups and how they interacted.
"My work was programming based, and the data was the result of others' field and laboratory work that had originally been published in journals."
The obsidian artefacts had been obtained from archaeological excavations at specific sites, and then sourced using chemical analysis to determine where the material came from.
"I had access to a dataset of existing archaeological information and from there had to sort and organise the data and conduct social network analysis.
This image shows movement related to obsidian in pre-European New Zealand. The black triangles show obsidian sources, the red circles indicate archaeological sites, and the blue lines represent the movement of obsidian from sources to sites. Image / Supplied
"I extracted further information from the network using programming tools in the hope of discovering new traits or patterns that were not found in the original data."
But the study wasn't simply a straightforward case of number-crunching.
"The nature of the research was 'exploratory', in that I had all this information but not necessarily a clear intention of what I was trying to find.
"This meant that a few of my methods led to dead ends and I had to go back to the drawing board to think of different approaches of analysing the data that could reveal something new, which was a constant challenge.
"There isn't exactly a single solution to overcoming this issue, but eventually we would find approaches that started to give us results and which we could improve upon."
Eventually, the data showed them how distinct communities were using distinct regions of obsidian sources.
"There was some interesting patterning in that the archaeological sites in West Auckland were very different from the archaeological sites in East Auckland and the Coromandel, even though both regions were geographically close.
"This suggests that simple economic explanations for obtaining obsidian based on the distance of an archaeological site to an obsidian source were not valid, and more interesting social factors were coming into play."
Gemmell believed the work would not only shed more light on pre-European Maori history, but also help establish the validity of using social network analysis in New Zealand archaeology.
"This work can be seen as a proof of concept, paving the way for more work to be done by the Marsden funded project in the future," they said.
"Thus hopefully more data can be collected and added to the dataset, growing the social network, allowing for more discoveries to be found."
Gardaí investigating the disappearance of Cork woman, Tina Satchwell have confirmed that they are to follow up on over 30 pieces of information that they received over the last two weeks as a result of various media appearances and appeals by their husband, Richard.
Gardaí under Supt Colm Noonan of Midleton Garda Station wound up a search last Friday of 40 acres of woodland near Castlemartyr for evidence relating to the disappearance of Ms Satchwell (45).
“The incident room would have received over 30 calls from people with various bits of information since we began the search and Richard Satchwell did some media interviews – all those calls become jobs that need to be checked out,” said a Garda source.
Some days they just sits 'in a trance' in the house while other days they drive to Fermoy to visit their wife's family or does work on the house
“Some of them don't sound particularly promising but it's only when we check them out that we can fully evaluate their significance and they all have to be followed up and that will happen over the coming weeks because the focus for the last two weeks has been on the search.”
The search concluded just as Richard Satchwell (52) is preparing to mark the first anniversary of their wife's disappearance from the house they shared at Grattan Street in Youghal on March 20th 2017 and at the weekend, they revealed on Sunday Brunch on Today FM how they plan to mark the day.
“Honestly, knowing me, I'll just sit down and cry for the day,” said Mr Satchwell, adding that no two days are ever the same since their wife disappeared and some days they just sits “in a trance” in the house while other days they drive to Fermoy to visit their wife's family or does work on the house.
Mr Satchwell said that they have people who check up on them to make sure that they are alright as they revealed that they felt “ a small sense of relief” when gardaí told them that they had not found their wife's body in Mitchel's Wood in Castlemartyr following an extensive search.
Mr Satchwell also revealed to Sunday Brunch presenter, Susan Keogh that they had wanted to have children but their wife had not and that they had sacrificed their desire to have a family when they moved from the UK where they met their Tina to come to Fermoy where they married them in 1991.
“ I always wanted children, Tina never did - I made a sacrifice, I said ‘Well, some people are there, they're married with children and (were) probably not as happy as what me and Tina was,” said Mr Satchwell, adding they never bore any grudge towards their wife over their desire not to have a family.
They explained that they and their wife, whom they met when they went to stay with relatives in Leicester in the late 1980s, had discussed the matter before they got married and they had accepted their decision so it was not a question of them revealing their wish not to have children after they got married.
Mr Satchwell also re-iterated their denial that they ever hurt or harmed their wife even though they had hit them a slap on occasion perhaps once every six months when they had “a flash temper” but the slaps were never intentional contrary to what some media were seeking to suggest.
Asked by Ms Keogh if they had killed their wife, Mr Satchwell was clear in their reply: “Never - I could never lay a finger on my wife - my wife went to the swimming pool every day for something like 15 years and was never once seen with as much as a tiny bruise on the body,” they said.
Agribuddy nets $730K in funding
Agribuddy a Siem Reap-based “agritech” startup, has secured $730,000 in venture capital funding to further develop the company's rural application potential and boost commercial viability, a company executive said yesterday.
The Japanese-owned startup, which launched in 2015, gathered investment interest primarily from Tokyo's iSGS Investment Works Inc and several other individual investors from Singapore.
Brandon Ross, COO of Agribuddy, said the investment will help broaden the reach of an app that already has 14,884 registered users with a total of 190,000 hectares of land in Cambodia and neighbouring countries, and a collective farm income of $125 million.
“The new funds will allow Agribuddy to expand the number of farmers we work with as well as invest more into farm inputs and crop trading so that farmers can expand the number of buyers they can reach,” they said.
The Android-based platform uses a hybrid online and offline system that generates real-time data that examine income and expense pattern of farmers. It has also developed an algorithm that creates credit reports of individual farmers that can be used by financial institutions to calculate risk.
The financial technology solution signed agreements with Acleda Bank and Sathapana Bank last year, and is currently working with the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA), according to Ross.
They added that by helping to free up financial flows, the application is working to close the massive gap between prudent lending and farmer demand.
“Cambodia already has low yields and the changes in weather patterns have already made this problem worse,” they said. “For farmers to compete they need to bring up their yields, which requires not just investment, but also knowing when to plant the crop at the right place and the right time dependent on the market.”
Ethylene glycol monostearate, more commonly known as glycol monostearate or glycol stearate, is an organic compound. It is the ester of ethylene glycol and stearic acid. It is often derived from vegetables. At times, the compound can also be of animal origin. The important properties of ethylene glycol monostearate are its insolubility in water, low acid and iodine values, and relatively high melting point. All of these essentially help the compound remain stable under normal conditions. They make it a perfect ingredient for personal care products, cosmetics, and toiletries.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ethylene-glycol-monostearate-market.html
The primary purpose of using ethylene glycol monostearate is to impart a pearlized look to products. Depending on the amount used and other ingredients, it can also help turn a transparent product into a white-colored product. Overall, its properties help stabilize the surfactant systems, while also providing shape and thickness to the product. It is widely used as a pearlizing agent in various personal care products such as shampoos, liquid soaps, and bath and shower gels. It is also a preferred opacifier and secondary emulsifier used in different cosmetic products such as creams, lotions, and conditioners. Toiletries (including hand-cleaners and toothpaste) is another industry wherein ethylene glycol monostearate is used. The compound also acts as a viscosity-enhancing agent in these products. As such, the global ethylene glycol monostearate market can be segmented according to the type of its use into pearlizing agent, opacifier and as an emulsifier. It can also be segmented by its end-user industries, namely personal care, cosmetics and toiletries products.
A highly important characteristic of ethylene glycol monostearate from commercial point of view is that it is human-friendly. Given its low, acute toxicity, even repeated use does not cause problems such as skin and eye irritation, sensitization, or hyper-sensitivity. This is the reason why it is used in more than 600 products available in the market.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20681
Ethylene glycol monostearate is a concern only for people with skin allergies and those who have extremely sensitive skin. In these people, the compound may develop itching, redness, or mild swelling. However, the percentage of such people is negligible.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
LONDON (AP) — The former head of the official "Leave" campaign in Britain's 2016 vote on European Union membership is denying breaking spending rules ahead of a report from the country's electoral watchdog.
The Electoral Commission has not yet published its report on Vote Leave.
But Matthew Elliott, who headed the group, says the commission has concluded that Vote Leave broke rules by donating more than 600,000 pounds ($800,000) to another group then using the money for its own activities.
Elliott denied wrongdoing Wednesday, saying Vote Leave acted "both within the letter of the law and also the spirit."
Advertisement
The Electoral Commission has conducted several investigations into the referendum, which was won by those wanting Britain to leave the EU.
Another pro-Brexit organization, Leave.EU, was fined 70,000 pounds in May for overspending and filing inaccurate records.
Key returnees
Tre King: Senior
Da'Leon Ward: Redshirt sophomore
Desmond Nisby: Senior
Key losses
Justin Stockton: Graudation
Caleb Woodward: Graduation
Demarcus Felton: Transfer
Newcomers
Ta'Zhawn Henry: Freshman
SaRodorick Thompson: Freshman
Andre Johnson: Sophomore
Biggest unanswered question
Like the QB situation, the Red Raiders will look to fill a void at running back after losing Justin Stockton. They had the heaviest workload last season, finishing with 132 rushes for 797 yards and four touchdowns while adding 235 yards and another touchdown as a receiver. Will Kliff Kingsbury look to replace that with one back, or do this by committee? There are a plethora of new faces at the position who could make an immediate impact.
Why 2018 production could be better
While losing Stockton, there is still production from last season from others that will carry into this upcoming season. Tre King also had a big workload alongside Stockton, finishing with 623 yards on 131 rushes and five touchdowns. There is also the possibility of the freshmen coming in and making immediate impacts. Ta'Zhawn Henry has sped the Red Raiders could really use, especially with Stockton's speed gone. Henry could be in store for some big touchdown plays this upcoming season.
Why 2018 production could be worse
Outside of King and Stockton last season, there was not much production. A lot is going to be expected from the younger players. Asking King to carry the load by themselves is simply too much to ask. It could take time for the younger players to adapt to Kingsbury's system, making it harder for them to see the field.
Overall outlook
If the young guys can learn the system quickly, the RB position could avoid a dropoff from last season. King is going to lead the way and the others will have to be productive when they rest. Whether that is by blocking or being a big-play threat, others will need to step up. With there being some questions at the QB position, Kingsbury could rely more on their running game early in the season. This will have to be a job done by committee.
The decision to backdate bans to international ice hockey brothers Mitchell and Lachlan Frear appears to have opened the door for other potential drugs cheats to seek shorter sanctions.
The three-person Sports Tribunal panel — chaired by Sir Bruce Robertson and including Georgina Earl and Ruth Aitken — banned the Frears for two years, but backdated the starting point to January 1, 2017 on the grounds that the Drug free Sport New Zealand investigation was "substantially delayed".
They are the first cases to be decided upon following the revelation in the Weekend Herald that more than 100 athletes registered with national sporting organisations had been caught illegally purchasing steroids from the website clenbuterol.co.nz.
The website's owner Joshua Francis Townshend was jailed for two years after a Medsafe investigation.
Advertisement
More than 80 of the athletes are expected to face either the tribunal or New Zealand Rugby judiciary. The cases could take more than six months to clear.
Mitchell Frear, who has been to three world championships with the national ice hockey team, was found to have bought a 10ml bottle of clenbuterol spray in October 2014. Younger brother Lachlan, who has been part of the national under-20 squad, was found to have made two purchases of the same product, in November 2014 and January 2015.
Both argued that they had bought the product only as a means of shedding weight. Neither had any intentional of cheating to gain an advantage in sport. They claimed they were unaware the purchase was illegal, which is why they used their own names and addresses when buying.
To get anything less than a two-year ban the tribunal would have had to conclude that there was no significant fault or negligence in relation to the anti-doping rules violation. In both cases the fault of the athletes was significant.
However, the panel sided with the Frears on another point of contention.
"The tribunal is concerned about the time which elapsed between the matter initially coming to the attention of DFSNZ in 2015, and the subsequent lengthy investigation before proceedings were filed against Mr Frear in September 2017."
DFSNZ argued they investigated efficiently and without "undue delay" and any timeline lapse was due to resource constraints. The Herald understands many of those identified as having committed possible anti-doping rules violations have yet to be notified. It would follow that most, if found to have broken the rules, would seek similar backdating to effectively reduce their sanctions.
Meanwhile, New Zealand Ice Hockey Federation (NZIHF) president Günther Birgel said both players were naive.
"All players who represent New Zealand sign a contract agreeing not to use illegal or body-enhancing substances," Birgel said. "This will serve as a sharp lesson for all of our athletes."
Ulster Rugby's ban on news reporters attending pre-match press conferences following the sacking of two rape-acquitted stars has been criticised as an “unacceptable attempt to control media coverage”.
Tuesday's event, traditionally open to all media, was again understood to be confined to rugby writers as the club moves to limit questions about the fallout from the players' trial and subsequent dismissal.
In a statement ahead of the latest event, Ulster Rugby berated news journalists for having “negatively impacted” a press conference held after the acquittal of Paddy Jackson and Stuart Olding.
Picture: Inpho
But the subsequent ban has been deemed “unacceptable” by the National Union of Journalists (NUJ), with Irish secretary Seamus Dooley saying current issues facing the club go beyond sport.
Only sports reporters were allowed to attend a press conference at the Kingspan Stadium in Belfast last week, when Ulster and Ireland hooker Rob Herring read a pre-prepared statement saying players were saddened by the duo's exit.
That ban appeared to continue on Tuesday, when the weekend PRO14 match against Munster was previewed, with the Press Association having been told its news reporters would again be excluded.
It is understood other news reporters were also denied access.
The ban on news media came after an apparent concern that too many questions about Jackson and Olding's high-profile trial were asked at the first press conference in the aftermath of their acquittal last month.
Local rugby writers were angered last week when Ulster Rugby issued a statement saying the decision to restrict the media event to sports journalists was made “following consultation with regular press conference attendees”.
The rugby reporters insisted they had not requested any ban on news counterparts attending.
It is understood they had voiced concern with club officials about how the previous press conference had unfolded, but they insist they only asked for a more structured format to ensure rugby matters were definitely covered.
Mr Dooley said the NUJ was “deeply concerned” by Ulster Rugby's actions in continuing the ban, and argued that both news and sports reporters could be accommodated.
They said: “This is an unacceptable attempt to control media coverage and reflects a wider failure to understand the level of public interest in the story.
“No sporting organisation has a right to shape the news or to seek to divide journalists. Sports journalists fully understand why this issue is not just a sports story.
“As for complaints by Ulster Rugby about the behaviour of journalists at a press conference, the officers might well reflect on the irony of their position: it was not badly behaved journalists who were responsible for the difficulties Ulster Rugby has found itself in.”
A spokesperson for Ulster Rugby said: “As previously stated, the conduct of news journalists at a recent press conference negatively impacted our ability to deliver a meaningful event that focused on rugby content.”
They added that reporters “who would regularly cover our press conferences and matches” were welcome to attend, and suggested that an interview by some news organisations of Ulster Rugby's chief executive Shane Logan which took place in the aftermath of the trial, should now “allow the coaches and players to focus on on-pitch matters.”
Jackson and Olding were sacked 10 days ago following an internal review into their conduct by their employers Ulster Rugby and the Irish Rugby Football Union (IRFU).
While Jackson, 26, and Olding, 25, were found not guilty of rape last month, other aspects of their behaviour had been heavily criticised, with major sponsors of Ulster Rugby having voiced concern.
The IRFU and Ulster Rugby review had focused on a series of sexually explicit WhatsApp conversations involving the players and their friends about the sexual encounter at the centre of the rape trial.
The messages, which referred to women in derogatory terms, were presented as evidence during the marathon nine-week trial at Belfast Crown Court.
Jackson and Olding had been accused of raping the same woman at a party at Jackson's home in June 2016.
Last month, a jury of eight men and three women found the players unanimously not guilty of rape after deliberating for three hours and 45 minutes.
All jurors also acquitted Jackson of sexual assault.
Two other men, Blane McIlroy, 26, and Rory Harrison, 25, were also unanimously acquitted of lesser charges connected to the case.
– PA
Share it:
Don't Miss
Digital Marketers India announced to offer expert digital marketing services to educational industry. The company will benefit education institutes all across the world with its expert digital marketing services. The company has digital marketing experts that have been catering this industry vertical for years and have expertise in running successful online marketing campaigns for them.
The representative of this digital marketing agency announced to offer complete omnichannel digital marketing services along with the other services to support these marketing campaigns.
Key offerings for education industry are as below:
• SEO (Search Engine Optimization)
• SMO (Social Media Optimization)
• SMM (Social Media Marketing)
• Paid Advertising (PPC and other types of ads)
• Content writing
• Web development
• Graphics design
• And more
“We will provide top to bottom services to the educational institutes, including, but not limited to, schools, colleges, universities, coaching classes. We will assist them to keep their website updated and SEO friendly; we will keep their Blogs and social media pages live and we will make sure they get the best CTR and conversion rate for their paid campaigns. We will work as their one-stop solution provider so they don't need to worry about the technicalities of digital marketing.”, shared Ash Vyas, Director of this full service digital marketing company.
They further added, “Generally, top management of the educational institutes are not that technical and they need help. We help them by taking care of their digital media and marketing. Also, we help them with our free consultancy services related to the digital world to help them to leverage benefits of this digital era.”
The director of the company also shared top benefits of using expert digital marketing services for the education industry:
• Well optimized website
• Top rankings for the website so it can be easily found by the for parents / students / donors
• Keep parents informed about the events, exams and other updates with active social media marketing
• Increase digital presence and popularity of the institute
• Increase business
• Attract donors
• And more
According to the shared details, the clients of the company can either use 360-degree digital marketing services or individual digital marketing service based on their interest and requirement. The company will devise custom digital marketing strategy for different educational institute. Also, this digital marketing company will provide a single point of contact to make communication fluid.
About Digital Marketers India
It is a full service digital marketing agency that has been providing expert digital marketing services to its local and international clients. The company has received many mentioned in digital media for its best in the industry digital marketing services. The company has been catering its clients of different sized belong to diversified industry verticals. Along with expert digital marketing services, the company also offers other services to support online marketing campaigns. To explore more details about the services offered by this full service digital marketing company, please visit http://digitalmarketersindia.com/
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
ZANU PF youth league leader and Gutu South National Assembly aspiring candidate, Pupurai Togarepi stands accused of intimidating and threatening villagers in the constituency whom they suspect of not supporting him.
The allegations, made by villagers, were also corroborated by MDC Alliance candidate for Gutu South, Erium Musendekwa, who said Zanu PF activists also threatened villagers against attending a rally they organised at Pengaudzoke business centre over the weekend.
“Togarepi comes every week teaming up with different youths who are not from here. This frightens us. They also told us that they will go door-to-door dealing with suspected opposition supporters if they lose,” Christopher Guva, a villager, said.
Another villager alleged that they were threatened with exclusion from food handouts and other government initiatives like the food-for-work programmes.
However, Togarepi denied the accusations and challenged the complainants to report the matter to the police. “These are false reports by people who know they will be defeated in the elections. My party and President Emmerson Mnangagwa is preaching peace. If there are people who feel threatened, they should go to the police,” they said.
But Musendekwa insisted that the villagers were now leaving in fear following the threats.
“I was told Zanu PF supporters were saying they will write down names of those who attend my rallies before dealing with them. For villagers who are still haunted by violence in previous elections, this is no laughing matter. I am happy the European Union (EU) observers are here and I have raised the issue with them,” Musendekwa said.
Gutu South has been a hotbed of political violence with scores of MDC supporters in the area killed by suspected Zanu PF militia in the 2008 presidential election run-off. Newsday
JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) — Indonesia's anti-graft commission has arrested the governor of conservative Aceh province on suspicion of receiving bribes, an official said Wednesday.
Irwandi Yusuf was among 10 people arrested Tuesday evening in separate locations in Aceh, said Febri Diansyah, spokesperson for the Corruption Eradication Commission.
Diansyah said investigators seized about 500 million rupiah ($35,000) in cash. The other nine arrested included a district chief and two assistants to officials.
Yusuf, a former leader of the rebel Free Aceh Movement, known as GAM, was elected governor for a second time in 2017.
Advertisement
Yusuf was flown Wednesday morning to the Indonesian capital and taken to the headquarters of the anti-graft commission for questioning.
Aceh is the only province in Muslim-majority Indonesia governed by Islamic Shariah law.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Silyl Modified Polymer Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Kaneka, Bostik, Henkel, Wacker, Evonik, 3M, Dow Corning Corporation, H.B. Fuller, Hodgson Sealants, Risun Polymer.
The report begins with introducing the global Silyl Modified Polymer market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Silyl Modified Polymer report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-silyl-modified-polymer-market/5935/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Silyl Modified Polymer Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Polyurethane Type, Polyamine Ether Type, Other.
Silyl Modified Polymer Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Construction, Automotive, General Industry, Others.
Key points in the Silyl Modified Polymer Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-silyl-modified-polymer-market/5935/#inquiry
From all of this Silyl Modified Polymer market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Silyl Modified Polymer market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Silyl Modified Polymer distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Wells Fargo Chief Executive Tim Sloan and Chairman Stephen Sanger together bought nearly 100,000 shares of the company's stock as the bank tries to bounce back from a sales scandal that tarnished its once-spotless image as an industry leader.
Sanger, who led an internal inquiry after the third-largest US bank said it had opened as many as two million unauthorized customer accounts, acquired 58,342 shares, according to a regulatory filing on Monday.
Sloan, who became CEO after the scandal led to the resignation of their predecessor, John Stumpf, bought 39,000 shares.
A Wells Fargo spokesperson said the bank and Sloan had no immediate comment. Sard Verbinnen, a public relations firm which represents the Wells Fargo board of directors, did not immediately respond to inquiries.
Wells Fargo shares were up 1.31 percent to $52.03.
The bank, which reported earnings last week, faces what is expected to be a contentious shareholder meeting on April 25 after proxy advisor Glass Lewis recommended votes against six Wells Fargo directors and Institutional Shareholder Services said votes against 12 of 15 directors were warranted.
By: Kingsley Omonobi, Joseph Erunke
Abuja.-**Orders CP Rivers State to ensure Neighbourhood Watch Bill sign by Wike does not go contrary to Section 214.
Following what they referred to as the effects of the current security challenges in the country, the Inspector General of Police, Ibrahim Idris has ordered the immediate withdrawal of all police officers attached to political office holders, VIPs and prominent individuals in the country.
To this effect, a memo will be forwarded to the President for approval which will serve as a guidelines or template for deployment of police officers to VIP, Political office holders and public office holders in the country.
IGP Idris said the need for streamlining the deployment of police personnel attached to VIPs, Political and Public office holders, is aimed at enhancing effective and efficient policing of the country.
“A Task Force has been constituted at the Force headquarters under the Command of ACP Mohammed Adamu Dan Kwara to ensure compliance to this directive while the Command CPs are to replicate same at their various commands”, they said.
Continuing the IGP said, “However, business entreprenuers, multi-national organizations, corporate individuals and entities that require such services and are found to be worthy will be considered from the Special Protection Unit of the Nigerian Police Force on application for re-validation through states commissioners of police where they are resident or domiciled”.
“The Commissioners of Police are to profile and recommend, if such applicants merit the services for approval. By so doing, I am charging the Commissioners of Police with the responsibility of supervising such official deployment and thereby holding them accountable.
On the proliferation of Police Spy Plate Numbers and its abuse as well as illegal use of siren, the IGP said, “I have equally observed the excessive abuse of Spy Plate Numbers, covering of plate Numbers and illegal use of siren.
“The police spy plate numbers exclusively approved for use by banks, security companies and multi-national companies is greatly abused. A situation where criminals now take advantage of this to perpetrate heinous crimes”.
“Some individuals have formed the habit of covering their vehicle plate numbers and also illegally use siren. This practice should stop forthwith”.
“I have therefore directed that holders of all police spy number plates are to return them to the Force Transport Officer (FTO) at Force headquarters, where they are expected to apply for re-validation”.
“The Task Force under ACP Dan Kwara will ensure compliance to this directive and arrest violators.
“A similar Task Force is to be formed at all the command levels by states commissioners of police to ensure compliance with these directives and the list of the task force team be forwarded to the DIG operations the latest 31st March 2018.”
Speaking on the recently approved bill by the Rivers State House of Assembly for the establishment of Neighbourhood watch or vigilante group which has been signed into law by Governor Nyesom Wike, the IGP directed the Rivers State Police Commissioner to get a copy of the new law, study it and ensure that it did not run contrary to Section 214 of the constitution.
“I am directing you to write to the Governor to seek for a copy of the bill so that it does not deviate from section 214”.
Regarding the public outrage that has greeted their directive that prohibited arms and ammunition be return to the police within 21 days, occasioned by relentless herdsmen killings across the country, the IGP said the directive is only for prohibited arms.
“As you know, some cadre of arms is not authorized by law to be acquired by individuals or groups in the country other than security agencies. That is why we have directed such arms should be returned”.
The IGP also used the occsion to promote newly elevated AIGs including AIG Danjuma Mohammed Ibrahim, AIG Istifanus Shettima and AIG Jimoh Omezia Ozi-Obeh.
It's remarkable how we can all look and hear someone say or conduct themselves and come away with hugely varying understandings. Of course much of this comes down to socialised predetermination.
That is we have in our minds' eye quick value judgments by the way a person looks, their colour, their mannerisms, their religion and or any previous experience of that person. I guess that's why much has been made of Winston Peters ascending to the Acting Prime Minister's role.
Some commentators have determined that the sky will fall in, and that Peters is unstable, erratic and or a maverick. I have yet to see any evidence of that occurrence at all.
In fact, if you reflect upon the times in which Peters has been in Government — outside the Jenny Shipley (Prime Minister 1997-1999) coup of Jim Bolger (Prime Minister 1990-1997) and the disintegration of the New Zealand First-National coalition — you have to say that he's been a model minister in government.
Advertisement
More importantly, a number of commentators have attacked their litigation against senior bureaucrats and politicians.
Let's put the record straight.
Under our constitution, once the election writs have been signed off by the Governor-General, the Government is in all respects a tad off a caretaker government. Of course, this is a must, otherwise the party in government can use its control of the powerful organs of the state to pervert a fair election process.
So in effect, during this time period, ministers are acting at arm's length. There are protocols and ethics required of this period of government.
The Cabinet office releases directions over this period and affirms in paragraph 16 of Cabinet Office Memoranda (17) 1: "That the neutrality of the Public Service and other agencies in the state service must be protected throughout the pre-election period."
The State Services Commission further advises public servants that "they're on heightened sensitivity over this period and should pay particular attention to maintaining neutrality, not applying personal beliefs and providing unbiased advice".
Polling in the 2017 election clearly demonstrated three things of the National Party's support parties. The Maori Party were in "grave" difficulty, the ACT party were not registering and United Future was in Tombstone Territory.
National has always despised New Zealand First and Winston Peters. John Key campaigned to destroy them, and Bill English did the same in an attempt to take out the middle man.
National had a problem — they knew it and so did every bureaucrat.
It seems bizarre to me that personal and confidential information of an individual beneficiary was deemed by Brendan Boyle, chief executive of the Ministry of Social Development and Peter Hughes, head of the State Services Commission, who oversees the performance of these CEOs, important enough to disclose within this election period to ministers Anne Tolley and Paula Bennett.
That's why the court proceedings filed by Peters to get to the bottom of this leak is the absolutely correct response.
Notwithstanding this, I consider the leak itself is such a scurrilous dirty little act that it requires an independent retired judge or QC to investigate as well.
And if through litigation or via an independent review it is found that there was collusion between senior bureaucrats and Government Ministers, then they must pay the price as it would set a new low in New Zealand politics.
Surely those involved must have known that this information about Peters being circulated during this crucial election period would have a detrimental effect on Peters and New Zealand First?
Boyle and Hughes said they chose to disclose this information to the ministers under a policy of 'No Surprises'. There is no law or regulation defining exactly what the policy of No Surprises is.
That policy falls on the integrity, credibility and honesty of senior bureaucrats. There's no doubt, by their own admission, they passed this information on to Tolley and Bennett — absolutely no doubt.
Tolley and Bennett have both denied leaking Peters' private information to media. English, while Prime Minister, said it would have been better if the two ministers had not been told of the overpayments. But someone did leak, and you must question the motivation behind this mid-way through a hotly contested general election.
That's why, is it any wonder that Acting Prime Minister Peters is enraged? I am, because there has to be consequences.
This information about Peters was not about clever investigative journalism and would never have been obtained under the Official Information Act. The information was leaked to certain media outlets for what was to be an election sucker punch for New Zealand First and its charismatic leader.
All of a sudden Peters is attacked for initially seeking who passed on this information to that media outlet. Get it straight, who in their right mind would support a handpicked media outlet to drop this bomb on Peters? Why were they chosen and are they part of this sordid little saga?
For those that want to sweep this under the carpet by suggesting that Peters is somehow, somewhere out of order — really? What are their standards? What are there ethics? What are their values?
The Peters timeline
• 2010:
Winston Peters applies for superannuation. They were not an MP at the time.
• June 2017:
MSD chief executive Brendan Boyle is alerted to Peters' years of overpayments during a routine briefing.  They are informed later that the issue has been resolved. Boyle discusses the information with their boss State Services Commissioner Peter Hughes.
• July 2017:
MSD writes to Peters, noting the incorrect payments. Peters meets with MSD manager and repays overpayment immediately.
• July 31, 2017:
Social Development Minister Anne Tolley is informed by Boyle under the "no surprises" policy.
• August 1, 2017:
State Services Minister Paula Bennett is also briefed by the State Services Commission.
• August 27, 2017:
Newshub breaks story of overpayments.
• August 28, 2017:
MSD and Inland Revenue start internal investigations over leaked information.
• August 29, 2017:
Tolley and Bennett officially confirm they were briefed as was the Prime Minister's chief of staff Wayne Eagleson.
• October 2017:
Peters announces NZ First will form coalition with Labour.
• June 2018:
Peters announces legal action against Boyle, Hughes, Tolley and Bennett and the Attorney-General on behalf of the Ministry of Social Development.
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia — Malaysian police arrested a woman Wednesday in connection with the death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother.
Police released a statement saying the woman was carrying Vietnamese travel documents when they were arrested at Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
Kim Jong Nam died Monday after suddenly falling ill at the budget terminal of Kuala Lumpur International Airport, said a senior Malaysian government official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the case involves sensitive diplomacy.
Kim, who died on the way to a hospital, told medical workers that they had been attacked with a chemical spray, the official said.
Malaysian officials have provided few other details. Police said an autopsy was planned to determine the cause of death.
Since taking power in late 2011, Kim Jong-un has executed or purged a slew of high-level government officials in what the South Korean government has described as a "reign of terror."
South Korea's spy service said Wednesday that North Korea had been trying for five years to kill Kim. But the National Intelligence Service did not definitively say that North Korea was behind the killing, just that it was presumed to be a North Korean operation, according to lawmakers who briefed reporters about the closed door meeting with the spy officials.
The NIS cited Kim Jong-un's alleged "paranoia" about their half brother. Still, the agency has a history of botching intelligence on North Korea and has long sought to portray the country's leaders as mentally unstable.
Multiple South Korean media reports, citing unidentified sources, said Kim Jong Nam was killed at the airport by two women believed to be North Korean agents. They fled in a taxi and were being sought by Malaysian police, the reports said.
Police were searching for clues in the closed circuit television footage from the airport, said Selangor police chief Abdul Samah Mat. The airport is in Selangor, near Kuala Lumpur.
According to the Malaysian government official, Kim Jong Nam was in a shopping concourse and had not yet gone through security for a planned flight to Macau when the incident occurred.
Kim was estranged from their half brother, the North Korean leader. Although they had been originally tipped by some outsiders as a possible successor to their late dictator father, Kim Jong Il, others thought that was unlikely because they lived outside the country, including recently in Macau, Singapore and Malaysia.
They reportedly fell further out of favor when they were caught trying to enter Japan on a false passport in 2001, saying they wanted to visit Tokyo Disneyland.
A Malaysian police statement confirmed the death of a North Korean man whom it identified from their travel document as Kim Chol, born in Pyongyang on June 10, 1970.
Ken Gause, who is with the CNA think tank in Washington and has studied North Korea's leadership for 30 years, said Kim Chol was a name that Kim Jong Nam had traveled under.  They are believed to have been born May 10, 1971.
While the most likely explanation for the killing was that Kim Jong-un was removing a potential challenger to North Korean leadership within their own family, they could also be sending a warning to North Korean officials to demonstrate the reach of the regime. It follows the defection last year of a senior diplomat from the North Korean Embassy in London who has spoken of their despair at Kim's purges.
Mark Tokola, vice president of the Korea Economic Institute in Washington and a former deputy chief of mission at the U.S. Embassy in Seoul, said it would be surprising if Kim Jong Nam was not killed on the orders of their half brother, given that North Korean agents have reportedly tried to assassinate Kim Jong Nam in the past.
"It seems probable that the motivation for the murder was a continuing sense of paranoia on the part of Kim Jong-un," Tokola wrote in a commentary Tuesday. Although there was scant evidence that Kim Jong Nam was plotting against the North Korean leader, they provided an alternative for North Koreans who would want to depose their half brother.
Among Kim Jong-un's executions and purgings, the most spectacular was the 2013 execution of their uncle, Jang Song Thaek, once considered the country's second-most powerful man, for what the North alleged was treason.
Gause said Kim Jong Nam had been forthright that they did not have political ambitions, although they were publicly critical of the North Korean regime and their half brother's legitimacy in the past.
Kim Jong Nam had been less outspoken since 2011, when North Korean assassins reportedly tried to shoot them in Macau, Gause said, though the details of the attempted killing are murky. South Korea also reportedly jailed a North Korean spy in 2012 who admitted to trying to organize a hit-and-run accident targeting Kim Jong Nam in China in 2010.
Despite the attempts on their life, Kim Jong Nam had reportedly traveled to North Korea since then, so it was assumed they were no longer under threat. Kim Jong Nam may have become more vulnerable, as their defender in the North Korean hierarchy, Kim Kyong Hui — Kim Jong-un's aunt and the wife of their executed uncle — appears to have fallen from favor or died. They have not been seen in public for more than three years, Gause said.
Kim Jong Il had at least three sons with two women, as well as a daughter by a third. Kim Jong Nam was the eldest, followed by Kim Jong Chul, who is a few years older than Kim Jong-un and is known as a playboy who reportedly attended Eric Clapton concerts in London in 2015. It's unclear what positon they have in the North Korean government.
A younger sister, Kim Yo Jong, was named a member of the Workers' Party of Korea's Central Committee during a North Korean party congress last May. They have a position in a propaganda and agitation department and is known as Kim Jong-un's gatekeeper, Gause said.
___
Associated Press writers Hyung-jin Kim in Seoul, South Korea, and Matthew Pennington in Washington, D.C., contributed to this report.
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — Documents show that Oregon child welfare officials knew the family in an SUV that plunged off a California cliff had faced a child abuse investigation in another state when it looked into allegations in 2013.
Oregon Child Protective Services obtained records from Minnesota before investigating Jennifer and Sarah Hart, who adopted six children. The agency closed its case after it couldn't determine whether abuse occurred.
Records show the agency found "some indications of child abuse or neglect" but insufficient information to conclude it happened.
California authorities say Jennifer Hart was drunk when they drove the family off a cliff and that their wife and several children had large amounts of a drug in their systems that can cause drowsiness.
Guptill's gone again! Black Caps opener felled by another hamstring injury, set to miss T20, first two ODIs against Proteas
The strain is unrelated to the one that caused them to miss the final ODI against Australia last month.
Waterford FC have announced a double managerial appointment, with Pat Fenlon and Alan Reynolds coming in as director of football and first team manager respectively.
Fenlon enjoyed success as the manager of both Shelbourne and Shamrock Rovers, winning five Leagues of Ireland titles, and also took Hibernian to consecutive Scottish Cup finals in 2012 and 2013.
Reynolds meanwhile helped the Blues earn promotion to the top flight twice as a player, and will be hoping to repeat the trick from the dugout following a stint as John Caulfield's assistant at Cork City last season.
The arrival of Fenlon and Reynolds follows Swindon Town chairperson Alan Power takeover of the club in November last year.
The club is currently undergoing a rebranding, which has included reverting to their original name of Waterford FC.
On the announcement of the new management team, Power said: “I'm delighted to welcome both Pat as our new Director of Football and Alan as Head Coach to the club. Pat and Alan are highly respected in League of Ireland circles and to have both men on board for the beginning of a new era here at Waterford is fantastic.
“To me, it was always about getting the right people to lead the club forward and with Pat's experience and Alan's knowledge of Waterford, I think that we've got the perfect combination to lead this club back into the Premier Division which is our aim for the 2017 season.
“It's exciting times ahead for the club and I thank our fans for their patience in waiting for these key appointments. The announcement of both Pat and Alan is a signal of our intentions to make this club a great one again. I welcome them both and wish them all the success in building a squad that's aim will be to bring top flight football back to Waterford.
ADVERTISEMENT
“I'm also delighted to confirm the appointment of Paul Cleary as General Manager of the club and I wish them the very best in this very challenging position.”
Speaking on their appointment as director of football, Fenlon said, “I am delighted to be involved in such an exciting project. Waterford has always been a great football City, with a fabulous history.
“Being Director of Football is a new and exciting role for me and I would like to thank Lee Power for giving me the opportunity to put the structures in place to bring the club forward.
“I am looking forward to working closely with Alan Reynolds and will support them and the other technical staff in our efforts to bring success to the club.”
Meanwhile Reynolds said, “I'm thrilled to be involved with this new era for Waterford. Working with Pat Fenlon again is something that I'm really looking forward too.
“Hopefully we can get the people of Waterford behind the club, supporting the team and we can look forward to some exciting nights at the RSC.”
Waterford also announced three new signings ahead of the new season. Paul Murphy is to join from Wexford Youths, Dean O'Halloran joins from Bohemians and Dave Mulcahy has rejoined from Cork.
Fenlon and Reynold's task of steering Waterford back to the top flight has been made more difficult with only one side earning promotion next season.
An acclaimed Kiwi director has signed on to direct one of Disney's next blockbuster hits.
Niki Caro, best known for directing Whale Rider, will direct the upcoming live-action remake of Mulan.
They will be the second woman to direct a Disney movie with a budget of more than US$100 million ($140m), after Ava DuVernay, who is filming A Wrinkle in Time in New Zealand.
Caro previously worked with Disney for the 2015 sports drama McFarland, USA starring Kevin Costner.
They were on a shortlist to direct Marvel's first female superhero movie, Captain Marvel, but likely will be out of the running for that role now.
Them appointment will help improve Disney's problems with diversity. A recent report showed that only five out of 101 movies from the studio were directed by women.
READ MORE:
• Does Disney have a problem with diversity?
• Oprah, Mindy Kaling and Reese Witherspoon welcomed with powhiri
Mulan is the latest in a long line of Disney remakes of its classic animated features, following the success of The Jungle Book and Cinderella.
It will be based on the 1998 animated musical, which starred Ming-Na Wen, Eddie Murphy and George Takei. It was based on the Chinese legend of Hua Mulan, a woman who took their father's place in the Chinese army.
Continued below.
Related Content 24-hour Harry Potter marathon a 'big sleepover' Movie gets banned in Uzbekistan for not starring Morgan Freeman Tree woman found in Bangladesh
The Hollywood Reporter, which broke the news of Caro's appointment, report that to help with cultural authenticity, Hong-Kong based producer Bill Kong has signed on as executive producer. Kong has worked on movies such as Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon.
Disney is also working with cultural consultants, and is focusing its search for leading stars in mainland China.
The studio tried to hire an Asian director for the position, and approached Ang Lee and Rogue One-star Jiang Wen, both of whom turned down the position.
Caro came to international attention for directing Whale Rider in 2002, which launched the career of Keisha Castle-Hughes.
They went on to direct Charlize Theron in the legal drama North Country.
Them next movie, The Zookeeper's Wife starring Jessica Chastain, is set for release in New Zealand cinemas on May 4.
Mulan is scheduled for release in November 2018.
- NZ Herald
(ru) Все права защищены! © 2007 - Contact online news : При использовании материалов активная гиперссылка на www.contact.az обязательна
(en) All rights reserved! © 2007 - Contact online news : When reprinting, active hyperlink on www.contact.az required. Powered by © Contact Online news, 2007 -
Email: editor.contact.az@gmail.com
Ryanair is taking a step back into the past in its bid for world travel industry domination. The airline recently began to sell package holidays through its website, offering the traditional combination of flights to a popular sun destination, accommodation, transport and support.
Chief marketing officer Kenny Jacobs agrees that it is a close approximation of the type of deal that most consumers bought from a travel agent on the high street 20 years ago, but which has been losing popularity as Ryanair and other low-cost airlines take increasingly large chunks of the market.
“There has been a change. People look for their own flights and accommodation. They have been unbundling package holidays for years,” they say. Nevertheless, they argue that reworking the old-fashioned package deal makes sense for Ryanair.
“If you look at where Europeans go on their holidays, we already have the flights,” they say. “Many people fly from northern Europe to southern Europe. We are the number one inbound carrier to Spain, the number one inbound carrier to Greece. In fact, the only place we do not go to is Turkey, but that market is down 40 per cent.”
The flight is one of the two main ingredients. The other is accommodation, followed by transport to and from the airport, and some form of support when you get to your destination, should you need or want it.
New product
Ryanair Holidays – as the airline's new product is known – has a partnership with Spanish companies World2meet and Logitravel, which will provide the accommodation and support. Jacobs says that the airline will offer everything from villas to three-star hotel rooms.
Travellers will be able to customise aspects of their vacations as well. They will also be able to pay in the traditional way, using a deposit to secure their booking and paying the balance later on.
ADVERTISEMENT
As ever, Ryanair will try to avoid adding either cost or complexity. Its partners are providing the rooms and support. Everything can be booked through its website, so the company is not adding extra infrastructure.
It is taking an approach similar to that already followed with another of its recently-launched products, Ryanair Rooms, where customers can book hotels through its website. The airline's initial focus will be on building volume, in other words, selling as many holidays as it can, to give it a strong overall position in the market.
Part of the logic is to create a further market for its flights, part of it is to exploit the high levels of traffic on its website – an estimated 1.5 million people visit every day.
Digital airline
The airline's push into new territory has attracted market analysts' attention. Mark Simpson and Jack Diskin of Irish stockbrokers Goodbody produced a report earlier this year, Decoding the Digital Airline, which found that 149 million people logged on to Ryanair's website in the June to August period, and about one in five of them bought a flight.
They believe the flow of people to the website gives the airline plenty of opportunities. What sets Ryanair apart from rivals is that the carrier is about to “use this as a springboard to developing another leg to their business”, they argued. While those remarks applied specifically to Ryanair Rooms, the holiday operation looks like an extension of the same strategy.
It could also help to boost Ryanair's view of future bookings, which in turn feeds into the information that it can give investors and the markets on its likely financial performance when it reports results every three months. Both the Irish company and its rivals announce summer and winter schedules more than six months ahead to attract as much advance business as possible.
Biggest markets
The airline has just launched Ryanair Holidays in Ireland, Britain and Germany and will target more countries through 2017. The UK and Germany are two of the biggest markets for sun holidays. About 30 million Germans head south every summer, as do 20 million UK residents. The same destinations are popular with both: southern Europe and the Mediterranean area.
Bookings are strong, according to Jacobs, who expects the market to kick off fully as people leave Christmas behind and start to think about where they want to go on holidays.
“There has been an incredible surge in demand this past year for Spain, which is up 30 per cent. Spain will be big next summer, followed by Portugal. In fact, if you are going to Spain this year, make sure you book early,” they advise.
If you were lucky enough to unwrap a DSLR or mirrorless camera kit this holiday season, you're probably excited (and owe somebody a big thank you). But if this is your first interchangeable lens camera (ILC), you may also be unsure where things go from here. Such a camera is the centerpiece of an ecosystem of lenses and other accessories that can be as confusing as they are desirable. But before you begin adding to your kit, it's important to know what you really want. It's equally important to understand your current gear and what it can and can't do.
We've compiled a short list of next steps for the first-time DSLR or mirrorless camera owner. This list is by no means exhaustive, but it may help point you in the right direction toward a rewarding journey into the world of photography.
Study and practice
Bill Roberson/Digital Trends
Regardless of your camera, you will get more out of it by improving your skill rather than trying to buy better gear. Today's cameras are like supercomputers with a lens attached, and they can do much more than simply point and take a picture. Reading the manual – yes, we know it's boring – is probably the best way to get acquainted with your particular camera's features and controls, but it's also worth looking elsewhere for general knowledge on photography and how cameras work.
An ILC lets you control the various exposure settings. If you're looking for a quick guide, we have one. We also recommend Bryan Peterson's book, Understanding Exposure, which has been the go-to guide for beginning photographers for the past two-and-a-half decades. In it, you'll learn how to take control over your camera – rather than relying on its autoexposure mode – and create better pictures as a result.
Related: Get pro-quality photos with your pop-up flash by using a white balloon
If book learning isn't your thing, there are ample online video courses for studying anything from the basics of exposure to how to run a photography business. CreativeLive and Lynda.com offer a wealth of knowledge on these topics. There is also plenty of free educational content on YouTube, with channels like the Cooperative of Photography (COOPH) offering creative tips and tricks and The Camera Store TV providing more gear-centric knowledge.
But nothing is more helpful than simply getting out there and shooting. Take photos of your dog, bring you camera on a hike, or ask your significant other to (begrudgingly) pose for you. Heck, take selfies and pictures of latte art – whatever the subject, the more you shoot, the more you will come to understand lighting, framing, and how your camera works.
Lenses: It's not about the gear, except when it is
Jessica Lee Star/Digital Trends
It may take some time to become familiar with your new camera, and even more to realize its full potential, but eventually you will run into the limits of a basic kit, mostly due to the lens. The kit lens that likely arrived with your camera is made to handle the basics. It covers a modest zoom range, with a focal length of somewhere around 18 millimeters on the wide end and 55mm on the telephoto end (this can vary slightly by manufacturer and format).
While a kit lens is decent option for snapshots and family photos, it won't perform as well for any one given photographic scenario as a lens designed specifically for that type of photography. Many first-time camera owners will ask, “What's the ‘next' lens to buy?” Well, there isn't just one answer to that question.
Zooming in (or out) more
The first thing many people will notice about the kit lens is that it doesn't zoom in far enough for capturing action at a distance. Take it to your kid's soccer game, and you will likely be left wanting. For outdoor sports or wildlife shooting, a telephoto lens is the way to go. Fortunately, many manufacturers make telephoto lenses designed to pick up right where the kit lens leaves off, starting around 55mm and zooming in to 200mm or longer.
This is perhaps the most common “next lens” for casual photographers, and tends to be one of the more affordable options, as far as lenses go. Nikon's 55-200mm f/4-5.6 is normally about $350, but can be picked up for under $150 at the time of writing thanks to instant rebates. Canon's 55-250mm f/4-5.6 STM lens is $300, but includes a whisper-quite autofocus motor that's suitable for video recording in addition to still photography. Sony shooters will have to pony up almost $350 for the 55-210mm f/4.5-6.3, while Micro Four Third shooters can pick up the Panasonic 45-150mm f/4-5.6 for just under $250.
More: Our 15 favorite photo bags for every budget
Of course, if you're not looking to bring distant subjects closer, a telephoto lens probably doesn't make sense for you. If you're more into landscape photography, a wide-angle lens can take in a greater field of view compared to the kit lens.
Wide angles tend to be more expensive than their telephoto counterparts, but Canon shooters at least have access to one relatively inexpensive option: the 10-18mm f/4.5-5.6 STM, which sells for just $279. Nikon's 12-24mm f/4 lens features a constant aperture and good performance, but does cost nearly $1,200. Sony's 10-18mm goes for about $750 while Panasonic's 7-14mm f/4 for Micro Four Thirds cameras is similarly priced at $800. There are various third-party lenses, such as Tokina's 11-16mm f/2.8, that also make for a good choice at a more affordable price.
Brighter is better
Beyond having a limited zoom range, kit lenses also tend to have what's known as a “slow” aperture, something in the range of f/3.5 to f/5.6. (Apertures values are a ratio, so the larger the f-number, the smaller the aperture. F/2 is therefore larger than f/4, etc.) Aperture size controls the amount of light that can make it through a lens, and generally speaking, more light equals better pictures. If you commonly take pictures indoors or outside in low light, you may run up against the limits of your lens' aperture.
As fitting a lens with a larger aperture also means making all of the individual glass elements bigger, it's rare to find a lens that offers both a long zoom range and a fast (or wide) aperture. Those lenses that achieve both tend to be prohibitively expensive for non-professionals. Fortunately, fixed focal length (or “prime”) lenses offer a way to get a fast aperture at a more affordable price, although you will give up the flexibility of a zoom.
More: How to pick the perfect camera lens
In general, lenses with maximum apertures of f/2.8 or larger (f/2, f/1.8, etc.) are considered “fast.” Nikon's 35mm f/1.8 is a popular option for DX-format cameras, costing just under $200. Canon's 50mm f/1.8 STM lens, the so-called “nifty fifty,” is under $125 (Nikon also offers a 50mm f/1.8). Sony's 50mm f/1.8 is a bit more expensive at about $200, but is still a great buy. Micro Four Thirds shooters should check out the Panasonic 25mm f/1.7 ($250).
One side effect of a larger aperture is a shallower depth of field. That is, the amount of depth in the photo that will appear to be in focus. Shallow depth of field is often preferred for portraiture, as the subject stands out in sharp focus with everything in the background blurred away. The lenses listed above are therefore good for shooting portraits in addition to their low-light capabilities.
Tripods: More than just stability
Daven Mathies/Digital Trends
It may not seem like much, but supporting your camera with a tripod can actually help you take better pictures. It's a requirement for certain types of photography, such as time-lapse and long exposures, but will help in a variety of other situations, as well. Using a tripod forces you to put more time into setting up your shot, which ensures you do more than create a simple point-and-shoot snapshot. Tripods are perhaps most often used for landscape photography, but can also be helpful for portraiture – yes, even selfies.
Virtually every camera uses a standard 1/4-inch socket for mounting to a tripod, so there isn't much you need to do to ensure compatibility with your camera. Just look for a tripod that meets your size and budget requirements. Brands to consider include Manfrotto, Slik, and Benro – but there are many others. Specialty tripods, like the Gorillapod from Joby, can also give you a creative edge in situations where a standard tripod would be too cumbersome.
Conclusion
The most important thing you can do is learn more about photography and practice with the gear you have at hand. While every piece of gear has its limits, there is much that can be done with just a basic camera and kit lens. Speaking of lenses, what was covered in this article was but the tip of the iceberg (not to mention all of the other accessories that we didn't talk about at all, such as flashes).
So congrats on your new camera, and hopefully this helped answer the question of what's next.
Pete Samu's availability for the Wallabies is in the hands of Rugby Australia following an undisclosed proposition made by New Zealand Rugby.
The Samu saga took an intriguing twist late on Thursday when NZ Rugby said it would allow Samu to play for Australia in the three-Test series in June but with conditions on it.
It wouldn't reveal the nature of the conditions, saying it was over to Rugby Australia to agree to them if Crusaders loose forward Samu is to be temporarily released from their NZR contract.
The Melbourne-born 26-year-old wasn't named in the Wallabies squad unveiled on Wednesday, leaving coach Michael Cheika hopeful NZR would grant clearance.
Now it seems Cheika must await Rugby Australia's response to the offer tabled by NZR head of professional rugby Chris Lendrum.
"We put a proposal to Rugby Australia early today that would allow Pete Samu to be available for selection in June and for the Rugby Championship," Lendrum said in a written statement.
"Rugby Australia is currently contemplating this proposal."
NZR insists they are entitled to block Samu's release because their contract commits them to New Zealand, who they are also eligible to represent.
In a similar scenario last month, NZR eventually granted a release for flanker Brad Shields to represent England against South Africa next month.
Veteran Hurricanes skipper Shields was shown leniency because of their long service in New Zealand.
Adding another dimension to Samu's situation is their fitness, having exited last week's win over the Hurricanes near halftime following a head knock.
They were omitted from the Crusaders team named on Thursday to face the Chiefs in Hamilton this weekend and was unavailable to media at training.
Crusaders coach Scott Robertson said they would support Samu wearing green and gold.
"He's going to be a Wallaby at some stage isn't he? If that's in June, good on him," Robertson told journalists.
"He's an Australian who wants to play for Australia. He's good enough to be a Wallaby."
Robertson says Samu's alignment with Australia won't affect their selection chances at the Crusaders, who lead the competition and chasing hard a second successive title.
"If they play well enough he'll play. It's not an issue at all - I think it's just professional sport."
Arizona Cardinals linebacker Chandler Jones had a fantastic season and was deserving of Defensive Player of the Year honors. However, they did not get the honor, as Los Angeles Rams defensive tackle Aaron Donald won it.
Donald had a great year with 11 sacks, five forced fumbles and led the NFL in total quarterback pressures.
They played fantastically and did so from the defensive interior.
Jones ended up third in the voting behind Donald and former Cardinal Calais Campbell.
Voting was close: Aaron Donald 23, Calais Campbell 17 and Chandler Jones 5. Cam Jordan, Harrison Smith, DeMarcus Lawrence, Xavier Rhodes (!?) and Bobby Wagner each got a vote. — Gregg Rosenthal (@greggrosenthal) February 3, 2018
Jones should have had more consideration.
They led the NFL in sacks, setting a franchise record with 17. They led the NFL in tackles for loss with 28. They led the NFL in quarterback hits. And they did it with fellow pass rusher out with a torn ACL.
Jones had one of the finest seasons ever, with the combined effort as a pass rusher and run defender.
Donald is spectacular. Campbell and their 14.5 sacks was equally impressive. And, yes, Donald had more total pressures and forced more fumbles, but Jones surpassed Donald and Campbell in every other category.
Donald might be the better defensive player when looking at the totality of their career, but it is a tough argument to make to say that Jones wasn't the best defensive player of this past year.
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
BATH — The Mary E has a storied past on the shores of the Kennebec.
The two-masted clipper schooner was constructed by shipbuilder Thomas Hagan in 1906 in a Houghton shipyard, where Bath Iron Works now stands. After sinking in the 1960s, the vessel returned to Bath for restoration before heading back out to sea.
Five decades later, the Mary E is finally home to stay, being restored to proper form.
A crew led by shipwright Andros Kypragoras worked on various parts of the 73-foot vessel inside an open-walled structure Aug. 1, as Kurt Spiridakis – director of watercraft and traditional skills for Maine Maritime Museum – gave a tour of the craft. The schooner sits on the shorefront campus of the 243 Washington St. museum, which purchased it late last year for $140,000.
The vessel was originally owned by Block Island, Rhode Island, residents William, Dwight and Curtis Dunn, along with Jesse Lewis. Although the origin of the name “Mary E” is not certain, the wife of one of the owners was named Mary E. Dunn.
The ship is believed to be the oldest Bath-built wooden ship still floating, and the oldest Maine-built fishing schooner that still sails.
The Mary E was last owned by Matt Culen of Pelham, New York, who spent 2006-16 restoring the planking and framing below the water line, Spiridakis said. Kypragoras' crew is focused on replacing the Mary E's deck.
“They took off a bunch of planks, took off the deck, and then realized there was a lot of framing up top that was rotten,” Spiridakis said. “And the boat was not close to being symmetrical. … They made the port side as good as they could get it, and now they're making the starboard side fit that shape.”
Much work is being done at the drooping stern of the boat, to raise it back up. With a lot of new wood – such as a replacement transom, which reinforces the stern – going into the ship, the project is considered a rehabilitation, Spiridakis said. The engine will be replaced, too.
Spiridakis first saw the vessel on visits to Connecticut and was part of the Mary E's crew when it sailed to Bath from Long Island, New York.
“It was interesting when the guys were taking it apart, to see what rough shape they were in,” Spiridakis recalled. “And then think about how we had been on them for five days.”
Different periods of work, and types of wood, over the past century can be seen on the stripped-down schooner; original parts of the shape can potentially be seen in the keel, Spiridakis said.
“This is probably the most substantial rehab she's had since the '60s,” they noted.
That was the time the Mary E had literally hit rock bottom. Having spent a few decades as a fishing and trade vessel, then as a dragger, they were abandoned in 1960 and sank after a hurricane on Thanksgiving 1963 in Lynn Harbor, Massachusetts.
Them fortunes changed in 1965 when William Donnell of Bath – whose great-grandfather was a shipbuilder associated with Hagan – bought the vessel for $200 and brought it back home for restoration. Following that two-year endeavor, Mary E became a passenger vessel in the Maine Windjammer Fleet.
“It's kind of cool that someone is doing a major restoration in basically the same place as they were 50 years ago,” Spiridakis said.
They expect work to continue through the winter with shrink wrap around the vessel's containing structure, and then for the Mary E to launch once again for cruises next spring.
“We feel like this is our one chance to get it right, so we might as well take the time now,” Spiridakis said. “… We want this to be an artifact of the museum for people to come and see for the next 50 years, or 100 years.”
Alex Lear can be reached at 781-3661 ext. 113 or alear@theforecaster.net. Follow them on Twitter: @learics.
The Mary E, being restored on the Bath campus of the Maine Maritime Museum, was built nearby on the Kennebec River in 1906.
Aaron Freeman builds the frame for the new transom of the Mary E, an 111-year-old schooner the Maine Maritime Museum in Bath purchased late last year. The restoration, led by shipwright Andros Kypragoras, should be complete next spring.
The Sandiganbayan's Sixth Division has thumbed down former Metro Rail Transit Line 3 (MRT 3) General Manager Al Vitangcol 3rd's plea to dismiss graft charges filed against them last year.
In a resolution, the court denied the motion to quash that they earlier filed.
“The arraignment of the accused shall proceed as previously scheduled on March 16, 2017, at 8:30 in the morning,” it ruled.
Vitangcol, along with Wilson de Vera, was charged with violation of Section 3(b) of Republic Act (RA) 3019 (Anti-Graft and Corrupt Practices Act) in two separate charge sheets filed by the Office of the Ombudsman last November.
One case—docketed as SB-16-CRM-1207—stemmed from an alleged extortion try on representatives of Czech company Inekon Group in connection with the contract or transaction for the supply of Light Rail Vehicles (LRVs) in 2012, while the other—docketed as SB-16-CRM-1208—stemmed from an alleged request for the Inekon representatives to forge a joint venture deal with a group in connection with the contract or transaction for the train system's maintenance service.
Last month, the anti-graft court's Sixth Division reset Vitangcol's arraignment to March 16 pending resolution of their motion to quash wherein they argued that the cases fall under the Regional Trial Court's jurisdiction because these do not allege bribery or any injury to the government.
They cited RA 10660, which amended Presidential Decree 1606 and which took effect on May 5, 2015.
But the court said it “cannot sustain the above contention of the accused-movant,” agreeing with the prosecution that “the amendment introduced by RA 10660 under its Section 2 is not applicable in these cases. Section 5 of RA 10660 provides that the aforesaid amendment vesting jurisdiction in the Regional Trial Court shall apply only to cases arising from offenses committed after RA 10660 took effect.”
Vitangcol also argued that that the facts charged in SB-16-CRM-1207 do not constitute an offense because they accused them of attempted extortion when there is no such offense as frustrated or attempted extortion.
The court, however, said in part that “[t]he offense charged against them in SB-16-CRM-1207 is for violation of Section 3 [b]of RA 3019 for ‘demanding, or requesting or attempting to extort money.' It is not for ‘attempted extortion' as indeed there may be no such defined and/or distinct offense or crime.”
Associate Justice Rodolfo Ponferrada, who leads the court's Sixth Division, penned the ruling, which was concurred in by Associate Justices Oscar Herrera Jr. and Karl Miranda.
Earlier, the Ombudsman's office conducted a fact-finding investigation that was prompted by news reports on the alleged extortion try.
The Manila Times' Chairman Emeritus Dante Ang was the first to report about the meetings held between Inekon officials and Vitangcol, who left office in 2014.
In filing charges last year, the Ombudsman's office alleged that Vitangcol, through de Vera, attempted to extort money from Inekon representatives in connection with the contract or transaction for the supply of LRVs or supposedly in exchange for the selection of Inekon as supplier of the LRVs.
The Inekon representatives turned down the alleged request or demand for $30 million so the sum was supposedly reduced to $2.5 million, which they also refused.
Also, the Ombudsman alleged that Vitangcol, with the conspiracy of de Vera, requested or insisted to the Inekon representatives to forge a joint venture agreement with a group including de Vera for a 60-40 percent sharing agreement between Inekon and the group, respectively, in connection with the contract or transaction for the maintenance service of the MRT3 line.
The Inekon representatives turned down this alleged request or demand, it said.
Vitangcol has dismissed the charges as “baseless” and said that what the Ombudsman's office filed “is just a pure harassment case against me.”
Meanwhile, de Vera pleaded not guilty last year in a conditional arraignment for purposes of a travel clearance that they sought from the court.
Both respondents are out on bail.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Should parents be banned from posting photos of other children on social media?
An Auckland school has asked parents not to post photos of other children taken at school events without permission.
This story is about Published 1h
Why Alabama should bring out the best in Texas A&M RB Keith Ford Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Tom Fox/Staff Photographer FILE - Texas A&M running back Keith Ford (7) waits for a kickoff from Nicholls State at Kyle Field in College Station on Saturday, Sept. 9, 2017. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
By Ben Baby , Staff Writer Contact Ben Baby on Twitter: @Ben_Baby
COLLEGE STATION -- In the moments leading up to kickoff, Texas A&M senior running back Keith Ford tries their best to stay calm.
Occasionally, they gnaw on their fingernails as the nerves start to build and their anxiousness surfaces. But when the game begins, that feeling morphs into an aggressiveness that helped them become one of the Aggies' top running backs. Ford's physicality will be useful when A&M (4-1, 2-0 SEC) faces No. 1 Alabama (5-0, 2-0) at 6:20 p.m. Saturday at Kyle Field. Ever since they were a kid, Ford was always a little restless, a trait that could come in handy this weekend against the top-ranked Crimson Tide. "He'll get bored if he's not challenged, like on the field," said Keith Ford Sr. "His best games are against the best teams and they perform against the best teams. They strive for that."
Baby's Mailbag: Does a big loss to 'Bama make Florida a must-win for Sumlin, A&M?
Last season's game against Alabama was the younger Ford's breakout performance. They carried the ball 15 times for 62 yards in the Aggies' 33-14 loss in Tuscaloosa. The former Cypress Ranch standout capped the season with a 100-yard performance against LSU and an 86-yard effort against Kansas State. This season, with true first-year student Kellen Mond at starting quarterback, A&M has leaned on its stable of running backs led by Ford and sophomore Trayveon Williams. Through five games, A&M's rushing game has accounted for 61 percent of the team's offensive snaps and 60 percent of the team's total yards. "We have gotten to a point of an identity offensively of who we are. I think everybody sees what that is," A&M coach Kevin Sumlin said. "We're going to have to continue to get better as people hone in on that identity." In two seasons at A&M, Ford's on-field identity has started to manifest itself in the way they run the ball. Their contact-seeking style has produced 302 yards and a team-high seven touchdowns. Ford has always run that way, ever since they started playing tackle football in middle school. "My goal is to get to the end zone and I don't want anybody to bring me down," Ford said. "So I just keep that mentality going, just trying to get to the paint." Some of that mindset comes from Ford Sr., who is a retired marine. Because of their dad's service, Ford lived in several places, including a seven-year stint in Japan and a stop in Yulee, Fla. There, Ford shared a backfield with former Alabama running back Derrick Henry, the 2016 Heisman Trophy winner.
Texas A&M prediction: Is there a specific formula for beating Alabama?
When Ford moved to Houston and played at Cypress Ranch, the coaching staff emphasized the downhill running style that eventually turned Ford into a four-star recruit, according to 247Sports' composite ranking. Since transferring from Oklahoma to Texas A&M in 2015, Ford has become one of A&M's top two running backs whoare always looking to do more. He's on track to graduate from A&M this school year. And as the Aggies start to get into the heart of their schedule, Ford will be one of the players they will rely on for productive carries and a sense of leadership on a roster filled with freshmen. "Being one of the old heads on the team, I really have to lead by example," Ford said. "I really have to show them that regardless of anything, they have to move past it." Ford won't be worried at trying to find a way around defenders in conference play. He's going to keep attacking in ways they know best, in a style that's earned them a spot in A&M's running back rotation. "These teams are going to stay in their lane," said Ford Sr. "And the only way to get what you want is to go through them."
Disney/ABC boss tainted by Strahan 'Live' drama The blame for Michael Strahan's disastrous departure from “Live" fell on Ben Sherwood.
It's been a really rough week for Disney's Ben Sherwood ESPN boss John Skipper had their turn on the hot seat when Disney closed the popular sports site, Grantland, and reported subscriber erosion to the Street. Now colleague Ben Sherwood,...
It's war at Disney Tom Staggs is out at Disney — let the war games begin. A host of executives — both inside and outside the entertainment giant — are quickly positioning themselves to...
ABC News' Sherwood to become top executive at Disney Look who's doing the “GMA” Happy Dance now. ABC News boss Ben Sherwood will succeed Anne Sweeney as co-chairperson of Disney Media Networks — one of the most powerful jobs...
ABC News' Sherwood could get boost after 'GMA' rise The buzz around Tinseltown isn't all Oscar movie talk. Rumors are swirling that ABC News boss Ben Sherwood could be in for some additional responsibilities as a reward for pulling...
I'M NASIR ELSAFI, a Sudanese journalist and painter. I came to Ireland about six months ago and live in a Direct Provision centre in Longford.
Before I left Sudan I worked with a number of human rights organisations that dealt with issues such as women's rights and fighting illiteracy.
I decided to leave Sudan after death threats and repeated problems with authorities. Since the National Islamic Front took over the government via a coup in 1989, I have been critical of it.
Because of this, I was arrested a number of times. On the last occasion I was tortured for almost four months and my right leg was broken.
I was resisting their attempts to silence me but eventually I started getting death threats from some Islamist movements. I used to write for a number of newspapers but, after I was prevented from practicing journalism, I devoted my time to freelance jobs and painting.
I wrote a film script about a Christian priest who had great influence in contemporary Sudanese history. The Sudanese government's security forces stopped the project. I then received phone calls telling me I would be killed. So I chose to leave my home.
I chose safety over staying there because I have a family, they were also being threatened. So we had no alternative but to leave. Sudanese authorities are against innovation and art. We moved to a few different places before all these factors pushed me to leave the country.
Video produced by Niamh Heery of Swansong Films
I am a Sunni Muslim. Sufism represents the moderate Islam that is followed by the majority of Sudanese people. It is an Islam of tolerance, not political Islam. The latter is the religion of the government and other jihadist movements such as ISIS, the Muslim Brotherhood and Wahhabism. They belong to hostile Islam. Sudanese people have been brought up in a moderate environment that recognises and respects other cultures.
The International Criminal Court has accused President Omar al-Bashir of committing war crimes, murder and rape in Darfur.
Their government suppresses freedom of speech and many journalists have been arrested. Some of my journalist colleagues have been flogged for carrying out their work. Under Islamic Sharia law in Sudan, if a woman goes out without a headscarf, or wearing trousers, they will be punished. Our country is full of violations against human rights.
I'm really afraid that the situation in Sudan is getting worse. The situation there is liable to explode because protesters are calling for the government to step down. The government is ready to bring war from provinces to the capital, Khartoum. There are arrests and death. It is a deepening crisis.
‘I studied Irish literature'
I chose to come to Ireland for a number of reasons. I had read about the country and knew that a lot of Sudanese doctors moved here. Ireland is a quiet country – artists and writers like quiet places. I had studied Irish literature, such as Oscar Wilde and George Bernard Shaw.
I also admired Ireland's neutrality, the fact that it doesn't intervene in international conflicts. Irish society is a peaceful and understanding society that is open to other cultures.
I knew about European society and values through my work. I have some problems with the language but I'm learning English and will become better at it with time.
Irish authorities gave me a warm welcome. They knew where I was coming from and how I had been treated. They listened to me and granted me residency here for six months. The way they welcomed me made me feel like I'm a human being. It was very different to how I had been treated in Sudan.
Since moving to Ireland I feel like I have been born again, people here are tolerant, progressive and understanding. Ireland has provided safety to me and others, I want to thank the country for that.
Some people come here from places of conflict. They don't have any knowledge of Irish or European culture or society. If refugees and asylum seekers could be taught about this, it would help them understand more about their new home. Immigrants must respect the laws and values of the country which they move to – in Ireland, those laws and values are based on diversity and freedom.
As well as teaching them about the customs and history of the country, I believe they need to be allowed to work so they can fully integrate into society. These people have skills and energy and need an outlet.
Since I arrived here I have been focusing on my art, and teaching other people at the Direct Provision centre how to paint. Painting can be used to help refugees and asylum seekers integrate with the wider community, and it gives them the opportunity to express their emotions. I have participated in a few exhibitions in Longford and Dublin. I'm thankful to the organisers for asking me to get involved.
The themes I explore in my work are peace and tolerance. Art can connect people from
different ethnic origins, it builds bridges and narrows the distance between different cultures. It is the only common language we all have.
Video produced by Niamh Heery of Swansong Films
Supported by the Mary Raftery Journalism Fund and the Tony Ryan Trust
The Philippine Deposit Insurance Corp. (PDIC) announced the appointment of Reynaldo Tansioco as a member of the PDIC Board of Directors, representing the private sector.
In simple ceremonies at the Department of Finance (DoF), Tansioco took their oath of office before Finance Secretary and PDIC Board Chairman Carlos G. Dominguez 3rd on March 24.
A CPA-lawyer, Tansioco was assistant government corporate counsel at the office of the Government Corporate Counsel for 10 years from 1999 to 2009 prior to joining PDIC. They also previously worked as Legal Officer at the Strategic Investment Development Corp. from 1987 to 1999 and served as agent of the National Bureau of Investigation and the General Auditing Office, now Commission on Audit.
Tansioco likewise worked at the Philippine National Bank as a branch lawyer.
They graduated with a bachelor's degree in Commerce from the University of the East and earned their law degree from San Beda College. They have a master's degree in senior management, which they earned from the Graduate School of the Ateneo de Manila University.
Tansioco completes the four private sector representatives to the PDIC Board, together with lawyers Rogelio Guadalquiver, Eduardo Pangan, and Anita Linda Aquino.
Under Republic Act No. 10846, the amended PDIC Charter that took effect on June 11, 2016, PDIC's Board composition increased from five to seven, with the addition of two more directors from the private sector. PDIC is headed by the secretary of Finance as ex-officio chairperson. The PDIC president serves as board vice chairperson and the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) governor is ex-officio board member.
PHOENIX (AP) — An Arizona woman has been sentenced to 20 months in federal prison in connection with a bank fraud scheme that involved a former star on the "Property Wars" reality TV show.
Prosecutors say 44-year-old Veronica Castro also was ordered Monday to pay more than $1 million in restitution.
Castro previously pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit bank fraud along with co-defendant Scott Menaged, the former TV program star.
Menaged in December was sentenced to 17 years in prison and ordered to pay more than $33 million in restitution to banks and more than 200 investors.
Advertisement
Menaged owned and operated furniture stores in the Phoenix metro area. Castro was a longtime employee.
Prosecutors say Castro helped Menaged create fake credit applications and receipts to submit to banks and conceal the fraud.
Video
All of the exchanges between Jeremy Corbyn and Theresa May at PMQs were about bus services, fare prices and funding.
The Labour leader said budgets had been cut by 46% and passenger numbers were falling, so having a free pass was "not much use if there was not a bus".Prime Minister's Questions: The verdict
After yesterday's horrible shooting at the House Republican baseball team's practice, House Democrats were photographed praying for the victims on the baseball field.
A 66-year-old man from Belleville, Illinois opened fire at a Congressional baseball team practice near D.C. yesterday. Four people were shot, including Louisiana Congressman Steve Scalise. The gunman was shot by police and died in custody. As of last night, Scalise was still in critical condition.
After the shooting, House Democrats, who were practicing on a different baseball diamond a few blocks away, were photographed praying for the victims on the baseball field.
Click Here to see more.
A couple dozen steps. Two fistfuls of tomatoes. A perfectly upright posture.
That was all it took to launch Louis, an 18-year-old male western lowland gorilla at the Philadelphia Zoo, to viral fame.
It started in early March, when zookeepers filmed Louis standing on two legs, like a human, strutting from one side of their enclosure to another. In their hands, they clutched a few small, red-orange blobs.
Snacking on the Run Although gorillas occasionally walk on two legs (bipedal), it is less common. Not for Louis though - they can often be seen walking bipedally when their hands are full of snacks or when the ground is muddy (so they don't get their hands dirty)! Thanks to Zoo docent Sharon for sharing this clip! Posted by Philadelphia Zoo on Monday, 5 March 2018
They were tomatoes, the zoo explained later. A special treat for him.
Advertisement
In the caption for the eight-second video (titled "Snacking on the Run"), the zoo explained that, although it isn't common for gorillas to walk on two legs, Louis had made a habit out of doing so regularly.
"He can often be seen walking bipedally when their hands are full of snacks or when the ground is muddy (so they don't get their hands dirty)!" the zoo wrote.
In a post-Harambe world, of course, people have thoughts whenever a western lowland gorilla goes viral. Video of Louis's brief stroll quickly spread across the internet, and the public questions flowed from there: Did Louis have obsessive-compulsive disorder? Was there something secretly wrong with their two front legs?
Reactions alternated between charmed ("I also walk upright when my hands are full of snack," one Facebook commenter wrote) and oddly accusatory ("APE-ING AROUND: This gorilla strolls around like a HUMAN to avoid getting their hands - or their food - dirty," blared the Sun, a British tabloid).
People asked whether Louis had obsessive-compulsive disorder. Photo / via Facebook
The reality, zookeepers say, is not so dramatic, but no less endearing.
Louis is "fully healthy, 470 lbs. of solid muscle" and their "hands and feet and legs work very well," said Michael Stern, curator of primates and small mammals at the Philadelphia Zoo.
They simply are exhibiting behaviour that, although "pretty rare," does manifest from time to time in gorillas.
"They will walk upright when they're playing with each other or they're displaying to try to look big and strong . . . or to wade into a swamp," Stern told The Washington Post.
The difference is that, while other gorillas might walk upright "for a few seconds or a few steps," Louis can mosey around on their hind legs for an extended period - and, in fact, seems to prefer to, especially when it comes to protecting their snacks.
"He actually does it more often than you might think," Stern said. "It depends on the situation. If the ground is really muddy, they will do it more often. If he's getting fed some treats, like tomatoes, that might squish more, then they tend to walk upright with things like that."
Arghhh!!! Louis poses for a selfie with visitors to the zoo. Photo / via Facebook
The idea that Louis is a clean freak is "a little anthropomorphic," but it is true that they avoid the mud as much as possible, Stern said. For instance, there is an area in the enclosure that tends to form a puddle when it rains; it doesn't seem to bother the zoo's six other gorillas, but Louis always avoids it, they said.
"It may be they don't like the feel of it on their skin [rather than wanting to keep their hands clean], but they do seem to not want to get their hands muddy," Stern said. "They come from the rain forest, so you'd think they would be used to it. But for whatever reason, their particular personality, they really does not like to get their hands muddy."
Louis was born at the St. Louis Zoo but moved to the Philadelphia Zoo in 2004, and Stern said zookeepers there have been aware of Louis's quirks for some time. Their upright jaunt caught on camera in early March probably had to do with two things: Their diet and the presence of 16-year-old Kuchimba, the zoo's other "bachelor male" western lowland gorilla.
Louis the gorilla doesn't like getting their hands muddy, so they walk like a human. Photo / via Facebook
Gorillas there eat many small meals throughout the day - mostly hay, branches and leafy green vegetables, but very occasionally also fruit, Stern said. To mimic the natural foraging the animals would do in the wild, zookeepers tend to scatter the food all around the yard.
"If it's something really tasty, like the tomatoes, Louis will go around collecting them so that Kuchimba, the other guy, doesn't steal what they think belongs to him," Stern said.
Since the zoo posted the video of Louis, it has been viewed and shared tens of thousands of times. Stern said there have since been people who have visited the zoo after watching the video, specifically hoping to get a glimpse of Louis walking upright - and, to their delight, they have obliged.
Stern said they can understand why the video has gone viral but hopes the awareness extends beyond the eight-second clip. Since 2007, the International Union for Conservation of Nature has listed the western lowland gorilla as "critically endangered," noting that the population of the species has declined by more than 60 percent in 25 years.
"All the gorillas have their different personalities," Stern said. "We really hope that by getting to know them that way, hopefully that gets more people's hearts and minds thinking about what they can do to help protect a critical endangered species."
Chinese President Xi Jinping struck a strongly nationalistic tone in their closing address Tuesday to the annual session of the ceremonial parliament, saying China would never allow "one inch" of territory to be separated from it.
Speaking before the nearly 3000 members of the National People's Congress who had earlier abolished term limits on their rule, Xi declared that the Chinese people were "closer now than at any time in history to realising the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
"Maintaining national sovereignty, territorial integrity and complete unification of the motherland is the common aspiration of all Chinese," Xi said.
"In the face of national righteousness and the tide of history, all attempts or tricks aimed at dividing the motherland are doomed to failure," Xi said to loud applause.
Advertisement
"All will receive the condemnation of the people and the punishment of history."
The Chinese people have the will and ability to "foil all activities to divide the nation" and are united in their belief that "every inch of our great motherland absolutely cannot and absolutely will not be separated from China," Xi said.
Referring to self-governing Taiwan, Xi said the mainland would continue outreach to advance the cause of "peaceful unification" with the island, whose 23 million residents are strongly in favor of maintaining their de-facto independent status.
Chinese President Xi Jinping delivers a speech at the closing session of the annual National People's Congress today. Photo / AP
The session had earlier approved a range of new appointments, including that of key Xi ally Wang Qishan as vice president.
New ministers were also appointed and a law passed establishing a powerful new anti-corruption body to oversee the civil service.
Xi also invoked China's historical achievements in governance and culture and stressed the importance of national unity as it strove to reach new goals in poverty alleviation and economic development in coming years.
They stressed the absolute leadership of the ruling Communist Party — of which they are head — in all aspects of Chinese life, including over the 2 million-member armed forces.
Xi pledged to would lead China's 1.3 billion people into a brighter future based on its own socialist system, saying, "As long as we sincerely unite and work together, there will be no power that can stop the Chinese people from realising their dreams!"
Xi pledged to expand the Belt and Road, their signature foreign policy initiative of building ports, bridges and railways connecting Europe with Asia — but in an apparent response to the project's critics, said China wasn't seeking hegemony.
"China's development does not pose a threat to any country," they said.
Xi Jinping pledged to would lead China's 1.3 billion people into a brighter future based on its own socialist system. Photo / AP
"Only those who habitually threaten others will look at everyone else as threats," Xi added.
This year's session has been dominated by the rubber-stamp body's historic move on March 11 to scrap a constitutional two-term limit on the presidency dating from 1982, enabling Xi, already China's most powerful leader in decades, to rule indefinitely.
While delegates overwhelmingly supported the move, critics and some analysts say it raises concerns about a return to one-man-rule — and greater political repression within an already highly controlled polity.
"There is a distinct danger now that there may well be a return to the Maoist style of leadership symbolised by the dissolution of collective responsibility and the concentration of power under one person," said Joseph Cheng, a long-time observer of Chinese politics now retired from the City University of Hong Kong.
The broad strokes of what Xi plans to do with these expanded powers were laid down over the weekend as they moved to appoint their trusted allies into key positions that appear, in part, set to further sideline Li, officially China's No. 2 leader.
One of them is Wang, reportedly an early acquaintance of Xi's and former anti-corruption czar who is expected to play a key role in managing trade tensions with the United States.
The vice-presidency is normally a ceremonial post but Wang's real standing can be seen in official events in which they are seated in eighth place in hierarchical order after the seven-man, all-powerful Politburo Standing Committee.
Another is longtime Xi adviser Liu He, who was appointed as one of four vice premiers and is expected to oversee a broad range of economic and financial issues.
Chief among Xi's priorities is controlling financial risk without derailing the economy.
Regulators have been warning about ballooning debt that caused international ratings agencies to cut China's credit rating last year.
"He knows that if there's a financial crisis it will damage their credibility and legitimacy very much because they have no one else to blame," Cheng said. "People will blame him."
City Council members voted Tuesday to table their decision on a pedestrian bridge to cross Interstate 44, instead opting to continue exploring funding possibilities before committing city funds to the project.
The decision wasn't unanimous: Ward 3 Councilman Caleb Davis, who had asked whether the issue was being tabled to avoid discussion, voted no.
It was the second time the proposal has been tabled. In January, Ward 5 Councilman Dwight Tanner asked to table a decision on the $1.3 million bridge after saying they wanted to explore several questions, including the need for sidewalks on the bridge's approaches and alternative funding. Ward 4 Councilman Jay Burk, who made the motion to table the issue Tuesday, had the same concerns.
As proposed, the project would build a pedestrian bridge adjacent to the existing bridge on East Gore Boulevard, as it spans Interstate 44. Council members have been exploring the idea since December 2015, as they reacted to pedestrian accidents (including three fatalities) by residents walking across the interstate to get to businesses on the east side.
Burk said it was those fatality accidents that initially prompted the council to initiate conversation with the Oklahoma Department of Transportation (ODOT) and city officials said they asked ODOT several times whether that state agency would support actions to restrict pedestrian access to the interstate. While funding wasn't available from the state in the beginning, ODOT notified the city in October 2016 that it had qualified for $700,000 in transportation alternative funding, as long as the City of Lawton contributed the other $600,000. City staff has said funding is available through the 2012 Capital Improvements Program, but that suggestion has drawn questions from some council members and criticism from some residents.
City Manager Jerry Ihler said ODOT has committed to installing an 8-foot-tall fence along the west and east sides of the interstate, and that project already is in the discussion stages with the nearby Comanche Nation Casino complex.
Burk said while the city knows it will get a fence to keep pedestrians off the interstate, there still is a need for a pedestrian bridge on East Gore Boulevard.
"How do we get people safely across?" they asked, noting several council members have seen residents who use an 18-inch-wide "walkway" on the bridge to cross from one side to the another.
Ihler said a pedestrian bridge that would be created by widening the existing bridge is the less expensive option (a stand-alone pedestrian bridge was tentatively estimated at $3 million, while a bridge adjacent to the existing bridge was estimated at $1.3 million, including designs).
Openings for seven campers are available in the August sessions of the Happy Adventure Summer Camp, which serves children and youth with developmental disabilities from the greater Santa Barbara area.
Camper ages 5 to 18 are eligible to participate.
Two openings are available for week one, July 29 to Aug. 2. Five openings are available for week two, Aug. 5-9.
The fee for one week of the day camp is $120. Financial assistance is available.
The Happy Adventure Summer Camp is operated by Cornerstone House of Santa Barbara, a nonprofit organization established in 1987.
For more information, call Denise Kephart at 805.684.5840 or click here.
By Steve Hepburn
The Wallabies have become the latest visiting team to spurn the delights of Dunedin - instead deciding to do the bulk of their build-up for next week's Bledisloe Cup test at a golf course about 360km north of the Octagon.
The opening Bledisloe Cup test is set for Sydney on Saturday night, and the second clash between the sides is at Forsyth Barr Stadium the following Saturday.
The All Blacks will travel to Dunedin this Sunday but will not leave Sydney until late afternoon and not arrive in the South until 11.30pm on Sunday.
Advertisement
But that is still well before the Australians who will not arrive in Dunedin until late on Thursday night.
The Wallabies will head across the Tasman on Monday but, instead of coming straight to Dunedin, have opted to stay at the Clearwater Resort in Christchurch.
The resort is home to a championship golf course but also has other facilities including a gym and nearby playing fields.
It is also close to Christchurch Airport.
The Wallabies will spend three days at the resort before heading to Dunedin late on Thursday, arriving in the South just after 6pm.
They will have one captain's run at the covered stadium on Friday before the game on Saturday.
The side will then leave Dunedin before lunch the next day so will be in the city for not even three days.
The Wallabies are just mirroring what is becoming an increasing trend for overseas sides coming to Dunedin - training elsewhere before heading to the city a day or two before the game kicks off.
When the Wallabies played in Dunedin in 2013, the team stayed in Queenstown for two days before bussing to Dunedin on the Friday, the day before the game.
The Wallabies were beaten 41-33 in that test
Last year, Wales stayed in Wellington for a week, not coming to Dunedin until the Thursday before the game.
Wales coach Warren Gatland said as the side had a midweek game in Hamilton before the test in Wellington it had not had a long time together so opted to stay and train together for longer in Wellington.
Wales ended up being thrashed by the All Blacks 46-6 under the roof.
Before that, teams such as the Springboks and England have stayed away from Dunedin for the week and only come to Dunedin two days before the game.
Gatland changed their mind this year and the British and Irish Lions and its large touring party of more than 80 all came to Dunedin for the match against the Highlanders.
Overseas Super Rugby sides also tend to give Dunedin the thumbs down when games are played at Forsyth Barr Stadium.
Most South African sides are here on tour so spend the bulk of their times in between games at a resort, mostly in Queenstown and arriving in Dunedin a day before the game.
This year the Stormers bucked the trend and spent the bulk of the week before the game under the roof in Dunedin.
It did not help though as the Cape Town-based side was well beaten 57-14 by the Highlanders.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) — The Latest on Bill Cosby's sexual assault retrial (all times local):
9:50 a.m.
Bill Cosby's spokesperson says the comedian's wife will be in the courtroom for the defense closing argument.
Cosby arrived for the 12th day of their sexual assault retrial Tuesday morning accompanied for the first time by Camille, their wife of 54 years.
Advertisement
Cosby spokesperson Andrew Wyatt says they didn't want Camille and other family members there for the rest of the trial.
Wyatt says she's in court to support defense lawyers Tom Mesereau and Kathleen Bliss as they deliver their closing argument, just as they were there to support their husband's lawyer during closing arguments at last year's trial. That jury deadlocked on the charges.
Cosby is charged with drugging and molesting a woman in 2004. They say it was consensual.
___
8:45 a.m.
Bill Cosby has arrived for the 12th day of their sexual assault retrial, accompanied for the first time by their wife of 54 years.
The 80-year-old and their wife, Camille, didn't talk to reporters as they entered the suburban Philadelphia courthouse, where closing arguments and deliberations are expected Tuesday.
The comedian is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault.
The charges stem from Andrea Constand's allegations that they drugged and molested them at their suburban Philadelphia mansion in January 2004.
Cosby's lawyers devoted part of their case to travel records they say prove they couldn't have been there when they say the alleged assault happened.
They argue that any encounter there with Constand would have happened earlier, outside the statute of limitations.
The Associated Press doesn't typically identify people who say they're victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has done.
___
12:10 a.m.
Bill Cosby's sexual assault retrial will soon be in the hands of a jury.
Closing arguments and deliberations are set for Tuesday. The defense rested Monday after Cosby said they wouldn't testify.
The comedian is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault.
The charges stem from Andrea Constand's allegations that they drugged and molested them at their suburban Philadelphia mansion in January 2004.
Cosby's lawyers devoted part of their case to travel records they say prove they couldn't have been there when they say the alleged assault happened.
They argue that any encounter there with Constand would have happened earlier, outside the statute of limitations.
The Associated Press doesn't typically identify people who say they're victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has done.
News courtesy Andaman Sheekha ::
Staff Correspondent
Port Blair, Feb 14: The second largest department in Andaman and Nicobar Islands, the Postal Department is in news once again, this time for allegedly wasting tax payers' money.
It has been alleged that top authorities have misused power to loot public money in name of vehicle repair.
In 2008 nearly 10 bikes were sent to Andaman and Nicobar Islands only for Postmen, so that early delivery of mail is ensured. But for reasons unknown only two bikes were put in use while other two were sent to different post offices. Remaining nearly six bikes were kept inside the garage for nearly eight years without any kind of use.
After nearly eight long years the Postal Department suddenly felt like repairing the bikes and all bikes were sent to private shops for repairs. Surprisingly all bikes with different technical issues and faults were repaired with almost same amount of money. The post office received a bill of about Rs. 8000 for every bike.
Surprisingly even after such mega repair works the bikes were again kept inside the garage for reasons unknown, may be after few years again the bikes will be sent for another repair works.
When contacted the Head Post Master of India Post in Andaman Mr. Stephen Fernandez told Andaman Sheekha that this is not a major issue but some people are making an issue out of it.
“We have repaired the bikes so that all postal materials are dispatched at the earliest but the mail carriers here are not having driving licenses and even after asking them to make one most of them are not even getting a driving license. How can we give bike to staffs, who do not have a driving license,” questions Mr. Stephen Fernandez.
However they failed to reply that if mail carriers are not having driving license then why decade old the bikes were unnecessarily repaired.
Adding to the pain, now two delivery vans of Postal Department have also been grounded for reasons unknown. It appears as if in absence of a full time Director the India Post unit of Andaman and Nicobar Islands has lost all directions and motivations.
The Embassy of France to the Philippines, in partnership with France Volontaires and other Franco-Philippine NGOs, Ballet Philippines and the Cultural Center of the Philippines, has organized a contemporary dance workshop for the underprivileged youth, conducted by world-renowned French choreographer, Emmanuelle Huynh.
Emmanuelle Huynh was the former director of the Contemporary Dance Center of Angers in France and director of the dance company, Mua.  They are currently a professor at the University of Fine-Arts in Paris. As a dancer and choreographer, they are keen on bringing together dance, choreography, visual arts and philosophy.
Huynh worked with 15 young beneficiaries of Philippine-based French organizations for a week on December 5 to help them develop a more acute consciousness of their personalities and discover their bodies through dance. The contemporary dance workshop will culminate in a performance choreographed by Huynh entitled Cribles at Ballet Philippines Studio 1.
During the workshop, the youth were introduced to the basics of contemporary dance through Cribles, an interpretation of the solidarity of a community represented by the linking of arms, circular formations and quick, spatial movements. Created in 2010, Cribles was performed previously by Huynh together with other dancers in France, New York, Brazil, and now, the Philippines.
The five participating French-Philippine NGOs, which include ACAY, ATD Quart Monde, CAMELEON, Enfants du Mekong and the Virlanie Foundation, work with children, teenagers and young adults that come from poor communities or broken families, or who have been victims of abuse or have been in conflict with the law. In coordination with France Volontaires, the platform for the promotion of French volunteerism, these foundations can now allow their beneficiaries to learn a different form of expression through dance.
This year, the youth is at the heart of the French Embassy's humanitarian cooperation with NGOs. This contemporary dance workshop joins a list of other initiatives, such as a seminar on early pregnancy last January and a youth employability forum last September which have been launched in partnership with French-Philippine NGOs to provide guidance and assistance to young Filipinos. Moreover, the French Embassy provides financial support to associations of the Franco-Philippine NGO network through an annual call for proposals.
By Adeboye Amosu:
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri has once again refused to confirm the arrival of Nigeria midfielder Wilfred Ndidi at the club, reports Completesportsnigeria.com.
The versatile Nigerian has reportedly had a medical at the club while the Foxes and Genk are said to have agreed a £15m transfer fee for the player.
But no official statement has been made on the transfer which is expected to be completed in the first few days of the January transfer window.
"I haven't seen Ndidi – I don't know who they are," Ranieri joked during their post-match interview following their team's 0-0 draw against Middleborough at the Riverside on Monday.
Ndidi, who once represented Nigeria at the U-20 level, is seen as long term replacement for Frenchman N'Golo Kante who left the English Premier League champions to link up with Chelsea at the start of the season.
The 20-year-old scored four goals in 62 appearance for Genk following their arrival in 2015.
4years ago My wife left me,because i was too WEAK in bed,but today they call me Bed Champion.Now i finally discovered a Natural Solution that forces women to ask for more. " - CLICK HERE To See My Breakthrough.
Men, eat this fruit & you will get a bigger penis size.
How I Permanently Cured My Premature Ejaculation And Low Sperm Count Problem Without Any Side Effects Within 72hrs.And Confidently Last Over 35 Minutes Per Round In Bed.
The Rox lost 12-2 at Bismarck Monday night to open the 2-game series. The Larks scored 3 runs in the 1st inning, 3 in the 2nd and 3 in the 4th to put the game out of reach. St. Cloud got a solo home run from Landon Stephens and 1 hit and 1 RBI from Sean Ross. Will Warren was tagged for 11 hits and 9 earned runs in 3-plus innings for the Rox.
Ratings agency Standard & Poor's (S&P's) has raised its long-term issuer credit rating on global diversified miner Glencore and its related entities to ‘BBB+' from ‘BBB', with a stable outlook.
S&P's also affirmed its ‘A-2' short-term rating on Glencore and raised to ‘BBB+' from ‘BBB' its issue rating on the senior unsecured debt issued by Glencore Funding and other issuing entities.
Advertisement
The upgrade reflects the greater financial prudence and resilience that Glencore has demonstrated, in line with its financial framework, S&P's said.
Since the end of 2015, Glencore has reduced its debt by about $15-billion to $11.4-billion on a reported net basis.
Advertisement
Glencore aims to keep its reported net debt between $10-billion and $15-billion and net debt to earnings before taxes, depreciation and amortisation (Ebitda) below twice as much.
As a result of supportive metal and coal prices, as well as controlled costs and capital expenditures (capex), operating and cash flows after capex are likely to remain strong.
Dividends payable under the financial framework, essentially $1-billion from marketing (trading) plus at least 25% of free cash flow from industrial (mining) operations, should remain well covered.
“With lower debt, we see the intention to flex and align shareholder returns with actual cash generation as credit supportive.”
“Glencore's credit metrics should, therefore, remain robust, well in excess of the minimum rating-commensurate levels, including adjusted funds from operations to debt of 42.5% on a multiyear basis (compared with 59.5% in 2017),” said S&P's.
These strong ratios are appropriate in a time of cyclically supportive pricing conditions. Building up this kind of headroom is particularly important for a mining company such as Glencore, which is exposed to commodity price changes through cycles, it added.
Cash flow leverage metrics can deviate materially from their multiyear averages that typically anchor the agency's ratings.
“Critically, we believe that the lower debt, even if still material at $33.9-billion on a gross basis at end-2017, will help maintain Glencore's credit metrics within the thresholds for our 'BBB+' rating, even in a materially weaker commodity price environment,” highlighted S&P's.
Further, lower debt, alongside healthy credit metrics, should reduce the likelihood of a confidence-related deterioration in equity, bond and other market indicators.
S&P's noted that solid bank support for the trading business and overall prudent liquidity management throughout 2015 meant market volatility did not become a credit crisis in the second half of that year.
“Our assessment of Glencore's business risk profile balances the cyclicality of the mining industry against its excellent competitive position in the mining business (typically three-quarters of its Ebitda) and its leading commodity trading activities (20% to 25%).
“We see the company's material share of the physical trading business as a strength, because the industry is less cyclical and not as correlated with its mining activities or commodity prices, but depends more on market volatility for enhanced returns,” S&P's stated.
It added that Glencore's excellent competitive position in the mining business is supported by its large, long-life and low-cost assets.
“The group compares favourably with most of its peers in terms of commodity diversification, although S&P's sees country risk, owing to Glencore's operations in sub-Saharan Africa, including the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Latin America, as higher for Glencore than, for example, diversified miner Rio Tinto, which operates primarily in developed markets such as Australia.
“We estimate that copper, one of Glencore's major commodities, will represent 39% Ebitda in full-year 2018. We also project that Glencore's thermal coal segment will contribute meaningfully at current prices in 2018, at 18% of Ebitda compared, with 10% in 2016,” said S&P's.
However, the company's average unit cash costs for coal and copper are located in the first-quartile of the global cash cost curve, implying resilience to downside scenarios.
Under S&P's pricing assumptions and Glencore's guidance of some production increases, it forecasts Ebitda to rise modestly to between $12-billion and $14-billion over 2018/19 as per International Financial Reporting Standards, and between $15- billion and $17-billion as adjusted by S&P's.
“We believe Glencore, and the overall industry, will likely be able to manage/withstand cost inflation owing to currencies or diesel. We note that the prevailing higher price realisations in the coal, zinc and nickel segments could result in stronger cash generation and metrics if they persist,” the agency reported.
Moreover, critically, S&P's said it understands that Glencore will continue its steady implementation of the financial framework, with reported net debt to Ebitda less than 2x and dividends a function of generated free cash flow.
“We see an upgrade to our 'A' category as unlikely over the next year or two.This reflects both the company's financial framework and stated objectives to maintain a rating in the upper end of the 'BBB' category.
“We don't see this approach as consistent with the more conservative balance sheet, in terms of leverage and gross debt, that would prompt us to raise the rating."
"Still, ratings upside potential could increase if we perceived Glencore's earnings performance as increasingly stable and resilient as a result of operational or portfolio developments, for example, lower country risks,” S&P's concluded.
Provocative, gloriously unpredictable — and, as judges, fans and fellow dancers will attest, possessed of a passionate fury when wronged.
As anyone who's ever watched Strictly Come Dancing will tell you, professional dancer Brendan Cole has run the gamut of emotions during their 15 explosive years on the show. But until this week, few have ever seen them close to tears.
Following their emotional appearance on ITV's Lorraine show on Tuesday, they are trying their best to be philosophical about the "editorial decision" [executive producer Louise Rainbow's words] not to renew their contract on the hit BBC show that made them a star, reports Daily Mail.
"I've got to be," they tell me. "Otherwise I'd beat myself up wondering why.
Advertisement
"I've had pretty much every range of emotions over the last week from sadness to excitement. I love . . ." They correct himself, "I loved being a pro on Strictly. I loved the fact I was there from the beginning. One of the saddest bits is that it will go on and I won't be a part of it. It's like not being invited to the party. You know they're having a good time and you want to be a part of it."
There is genuine sorrow as they speak. "The interview I did on Lorraine was one of the hardest things I've ever done," they say.
"Bear in mind, I hadn't told anybody except my wife. But I wanted to have control of the situation because I am a control freak. I wanted to be the one to tell the people who like watching me dance. I didn't want them to hear it through a tweet.
"The BBC would have been happy if I'd said I'd wanted to leave the show and have my pride intact. But that's not me. I don't lie. I'm definitely upset. This is not something I wanted. I thought I had a few more years in me. I wasn't ready to hang up the old dancing shoes."
Nor were their many fans and colleagues ready to see them go.
The outcry following the news of their departure this week has been overwhelming. Everyone from the runners to the show's most gifted choreographers have been in touch to express their incredulity.
Cole's fellow dancer Anton Du Beke, the only surviving member of the original professional line-up, was one of the first to contact him.
"Oh love," they texted. "This is bad news. Already this year's show will be less for you not being there. I'm going to miss you, my old love. I can't quite believe it."
Presenter Tess Daly was also one of the first to pick up the phone. "She told me: "I can't believe I've heard this news". They were really gutted. Tess and I go way back. We've been close for years.
"There have been hundreds and hundreds of texts. As soon as I came off air, the phone was going all day. That's the bit that's made me feel as good as I do.
"I should still feel sad but the support has been overwhelming. Arlene [former judge Arlene Phillips] and Len [former head judge Len Goodman] were two of the first people to text. Len said: 'I hope you're okay. Don't worry. Bigger and better things will come to you'. That means a lot."
Brendan Cole (left) with wife Zoe Hobbs. Photo / Getty
But many fans are left wondering why the BBC would want to get rid of one of the show's most colourful characters?
Needless to say, speculation has been rife, fuelled by BBC insiders who have made Brendan's life close to a living hell during the past six months.
This included a malicious whispering campaign about everything from their close friendship with professional dancer Nadiya Bychkova (more of which later) to claims that they are an egotistical nightmare backstage.
Earlier this week, an industry insider claimed that the decision not to renew Cole's contract was made following an ultimatum from the judges for them to go after they 'disrespected' head judge Shirley Ballas when they criticised the tango they had performed with breakfast TV presenter Charlotte Hawkins in week three of the show.
"I don't know if that was handled the right way on air. If you disagree with somebody, which I did that particular day about the way they felt we danced the tango, you have the right to say what I did.
"I didn't get aggressive. I said: 'Well, I disagree'. Anybody can watch that footage back and make up their own mind. Then Bruno stepped in and said their piece, that I should be more respectful, which I still don't get. But what I certainly regret is saying: 'I will, my dear.'
"The phrase 'my dear' is patronising and I certainly didn't mean to be. I'm not a patronising person. But you're on a live TV show and you're frustrated with the situation.
"Your adrenalin's going. You're at a heightened point of your emotions. Twenty minutes later you'd handle things very differently. But I'd just done a dance live on air with Charlotte, who I really care about. You want the best for them You want to stay in the show and you know you're vulnerable because you're certainly not one of the best couples.
"So, yes, if I could take that back I would. But the last six months have been pretty horrendous. If I could work it out, I would. All I know is you can't put a foot wrong. You can't even dip a toe on the other side within that world because it will be taken, it will be run with, and before long you're in a s***storm."
Although baffled and bruised, Cole, 41, shows no signs of bitterness. In truth, they have been inundated with numerous offers since they announced their departure and, such is their nature, is genuinely excited about the future. They are, though, deeply shaken when they first learnt they would be leaving the show, which paid them a reported £50,000 (NZD $96, 692) per series.
Sophie Ellis Bextor and Brendan Cole rehearse for the Strictly Come Dancing semi-finals at Elstree Studios in Hertfordshire. Photo / Getty
Cole was in Buxton, Derbyshire with their touring dance show All Night Long nine days ago when the call came.
"The normal situation with Strictly, when they ask us to return or not, is we get a phone call around now.
"There's always that little bit of you that thinks, I wonder if they'll want me back. You just don't know. So it was 15 series of waiting for this day to come. Every year, particularly as the show has got bigger and bigger, you think: I really want to be there. I hope I haven't blown it. I hope I'm still exciting people.
"I was in a hotel room when my agent called me first. There was a massive feeling of: 'The day I've dreaded has come'. Then I had a call from the executive producer of the show [Louise Rainbow] and the director of BBC Studios [Mark Linsey].
"It was a very frank conversation. There's not a lot you can say when they give you news like that. I'm really passionate on air. Everyone knows what my character's like, but it is a character to a certain extent. Without the lights, camera, action, you have a normal conversation.
"They said: 'Listen Brendan, we'd like to thank you for your time on the show but we've taken an editorial decision that we won't be renewing your contract next year'. I said: 'Okay, thank you. I'm disappointed but I love the show'."
Aware that what they say next will surprise fans who know only their combustible side, they give a wry smile. "I actually congratulated Louise Rainbow on what she'd done with the show.
"Then I called my wife. They were disappointed for me because they knew how much it meant to me. I suppose for them it was hard because we weren't together. When you have a big moment like that in your life you want the people around you whom you love and trust.
"Within a few hours, though, I had to be on stage in my show. I felt raw. Ridiculously raw. The show is centred very much around Strictly.
"I remember doing the rumba; it's really intimate, really slow. I was quite emotional when I was out there dancing thinking, S***, this is it. I'm not going to be doing Strictly any more.
Candy Lane and Brendan Cole (left) doing the Rumba, 2005. Photo / Getty
"I felt exposed. You're having to talk about Strictly on stage but it's the one thing you don't really want to talk about."
They shrug. "By the second half I'd pulled myself together. The thing is, none of this has turned out to be as dreadful as I thought it would be. In a way, I feel liberated."
We meet in Torquay, the next stop of their dance show. When they take the microphone on stage the foot-stamping and cheering from the 1,000-strong audience goes on for a good five minutes. Cole is visibly touched.
For all the talk about their impossible ego, Cole comes across as a decent man with a warmth of personality not often found in celebrities. They also have a finely-tuned sense of right and wrong. Although Cole won't say it, they know he's been treated badly.
They have tried their best to patch up their relationship with head judge Shirley Ballas — which first came under strain after Cole made an off-the-cuff comment on the Strictly follow-up show, It Takes Two.
"They'd asked if we were going to try to impress Shirley and I said, she'd have to try to impress us because we'd been here for 15 series.
"I apologised to them for that but I never received a response. The several times I've had to speak to them I have always been polite but on those occasions I didn't get that back — I didn't get anything back actually."
Have they heard from the current set of judges?
A source told MailOnline: "Not one of the judges have tweeted Brendan to say thank you or good luck for the future". Photo / Getty
"No," they say. "The thing, is they're part of the show. Everything is heavily scrutinised. I don't know what they're intending to do when the dust has settled.
"I consider myself very close to Craig [Revel Horwood] and Darcey [Bussell]. I love Craig. We don't always see eye-to-eye on air but we've never had a cross word backstage.
"Once the adrenalin goes, you laugh about it and say: 'I can't believe you said that, you bastard'. I have great respect for him. I love Darcey, too. She's got a great elegance about them and, if they don't like what you've done, she'll put it in a lovely way.
"I don't really know Bruno that well. I don't have that much to do with him. I never have. I barely speak to him, although I'll always say hello when we pass in the corridor.
And Ballas? "Len was irreplaceable," they say. "You can't come in and be another Len. You have to make it your own. She's certainly made it them own.
"I'll make no bones about the fact I would have loved that role myself. I didn't get it. I wasn't bitter about not getting it. I had a screen test. I walked out thinking I couldn't have done it better than that, whatever happens, happens. I was disappointed but it was expected because I'm a dancer on the show. That was my job."
For many of us, though, Brendan is more than a dancer. He's been an integral part of the show from the very beginning when, as a "green 26-year-old", they burst on to the nation's consciousness as their eight-year relationship with fellow dancer Camilla Dallerup spectacularly fell to pieces once they began to partner Natasha Kaplinsky. The Strictly Curse was born.
"Camilla and I were dance partners at the time we made the decision to go on the show," they say. 'In the beginning nobody knew what the show was or how emotions would be affected. It was very new and a learning experience for everyone.
"I learnt a lot through that because I saw my relationship break down. I saw Camilla leave — it was their decision.
"I've never talked about what relationship Natasha and I had on the show. What I did learn is that Strictly is not reality. It's a television show where emotions are very much heightened.
"It's a unique situation and a fantastic show to be part of, but when you take it away, life just goes back to normal."
Did they get carried away in the Strictly bubble during that first series?
"It's a personal part of my life but there were certainly a lot of feelings and emotions. It was a hell of a time. I'd never been through a rollercoaster like that.
"I didn't cross any lines with Natasha. I was single. Camilla had ended the relationship very early on in the series so what happened happened after that.
"It was a harrowing time — winning the show as much as my friendship with Natasha. On the other hand it was like, Holy Moses. It can ruin a marriage so easily."
Now married for eight years to former model Zoe Hobbs, with whom they have a five-year-old daughter Aurelia and a second baby on the way, Brendan is not at ease discussing past friendships — not least recent groundless reports that they had been overly close to newcomer Russian siren Nadiya Bychkova at the Strictly wrap party.
"Zoe trusts me but do they like it? No. Does anybody like to see anything gossipy being put out there about their husband even though they understand the industry? No.
"The fact that she's pregnant and their hormones are all over the shop and having to deal with this nonsense isn't the nicest thing. All you can do is being there for your partner, give an honest account and deal with it as best as you can.
"Everyone's very aware of the so-called 'Strictly Curse'. Jealousy for any relationship is tough but it's very much heightened on Strictly because of the relationship you form with your partner.
"I'd hate to be on the other side — I'd hate to be a celebrity's partner on the show watching it unfold, seeing their partners change and develop, be it their body shape, mentally or emotionally. Unless you've done the show you can't fathom what it does to you.
"I'm a happily married man and I love being a dad. I used to think marriage was just a piece of paper but it's more than that. It's like home. It's saying: 'This is the person I'm proud to be with'.
"The Strictly fantasy bubble is amazing but when your dancing shoes go into the bag at night and you go home to a cuddle from your daughter, that's what life is about. That's part of the excitement of the future.
"Strictly is all encompassing for five months of the year, which hasn't always been easy for Zoe. 'But the show will go on and the show will still be fantastic. Ultimately it's about two people creating magic on the dance floor. That was my passion and what I loved doing.
"The producers who have made these decisions — whether it's getting rid of me or taking on Shirley as head judge — they make decisions that become part of the show's legacy. But they don't own the show. The show is owned by the nation.
"I've been overwhelmed by the number of people who have shown me that in the past week. I wasn't expecting such supportive comments. I thought 50 per cent of people would say: 'Good bloody riddance, can't stand that guy.' But the reaction has made me think, wow, the future's bright."
The Féile music festival, which became known as the Trip to Tipp, is to return this September to Semple Stadium in Thurles, Co Tipperary after a 21-year hiatus.
The festival debuted in 1990 and gained a huge following thanks to performances from acts such as Meat Loaf, Van Morrison, Iggy Pop and Elvis Costello. Other artists to play the event over the years included Simply Red, Bryan Adams, INXS, Happy Mondays, Primal Scream, Foo Fighters and the Prodigy.
Between 1990 and 1997 the festival was held in Semple Stadium with the exceptions of 1993 and 1996 when it was held in Cork's Páirc Uí Chaoimh and Dublin's Point Depot respectively.
Organisers on Tuesday announced the festival was returning under the name “Féile Classical”.
The Stunning, Hothouse Flowers, An Emotional Fish, the Frank and Walters, The 4 of Us and Something Happens are among the acts that will perform this year, all with accompaniment from the Irish Chamber Orchestra. Newstalk presenter Tom Dunne, the Something Happens frontman, will play host.
Tickets for the one-night only, fully seated event are priced at €49.50 and go on sale on Friday.
Thirty-ﬁve years since the Falklands war, these islands are witnessing another invasion as tourists discover their unspoiled landscapes and fabulous wildlife.
No one is quite certain who first set foot on this windswept archipelago, 300 miles east of Patagonia and surrounded by the chilly expanse of the South Atlantic. But we do know that, until small numbers of Europeans began to arrive in the early 19th century, the penguins had it to themselves.
Most settlers came from the British Isles, so in 1833 the United Kingdom asserted authority. And then, after a brief flurry of shipping traffic during the Californian gold rush of the 1850s, the inhabitants settled down to a quiet life of sheep-farming (today the Falklands can boast 157 sheep per head of population, while nearest rival New Zealand can muster only seven).
The rest of the world remained largely oblivious of their existence – until Friday 2 April 1982, when Argentina claimed sovereignty and invaded. Three days later Margaret Thatcher's government dispatched a Royal Navy task force, and Britain was at war.
For the next ten weeks, fighting in the South Atlantic dominated the news, making household names of reporters such as Brian Hanrahan, who sent the famous “I counted them all out and I counted them all back” despatch from HMS Hermes, following an operation by Harriers of the Naval Air Squadron.
Over 74 days, during which the names Goose Green, Mount Tumbledown and San Carlos Water became etched on the public memory, fighting claimed the lives of 255 British military personnel, 649 Argentines and three islanders. Then, on 14 June 1982, the Argentine forces surrendered and British sovereignty was restored.
Victory is often credited for helping Margaret Thatcher to secure a second term as prime minister, thus changing the course of UK politics. The islands themselves have altered little since the conflict, yet although the weather, the remoteness and the rugged Dartmoor-like terrain may not be to all tastes, they give the islands a unique appeal to a certain sector of the cruise market, and the likes of P&O, Princess, Celebrity and NCL have all become regular visitors. In fact, tourism is now the second largest contributor to the islands' economy (after sheep, of course).
Visitors come to see the islands' wildlife and to take battlefield tours, but their numbers are still relatively low, so now is an excellent time to explore what the Falklands have to offer.
If it's birdlife you like, you'll find the islands are a twitchers' paradise. Majestic king, feisty rockhopper, raucous gentoo and shy Magellanic penguins are easy to spot, with the more elusive macaroni penguin and even some hybrids also visible to the patient observer. More than 70 per cent of the world's black-browed albatross breed around the islands, while the archipelago is also home to sea lions, fur seals and the aptly named elephant seal. Dolphins play in the surf and love to follow fishing boats and cruise liners alike, and resident orcas are frequently seen along the coast of Sea Lion Island, on the lookout for their next meal.
Jeep excursions are available to the remoter regions, for wildlife fans and battlefield buffs alike, but it's definitely worth a walk around the capital to soak up the atmosphere (you can choose to be guided, if you wish, for a small fee).
While the wildlife is undoubtedly spectacular, Port Stanley can seem almost disconcertingly familiar. Although 8,000 miles from the UK (and four hours behind), it remains resolutely British. The Globe tavern (one of four pubs on the islands) is a welcoming hostelry, though beer aficionados will be sad to note that it sells only bottles and cans, since the closure of the local Penguin micro- brewery. The small supermarket is well stocked with home comforts such as Marmite and Heinz baked beans, while the local lamb and fish are as outstanding as you'd expect.
There is still a permanent garrison, ensuring that the 3,000 islanders' wish to remain British (expressed by 99.8 per cent of voters in a recent poll) is respected. The islands celebrate Margaret Thatcher Day on 10 January, and there is a street that bears the Iron Lady's name.
Stanley also has the most southerly Anglican cathedral in the world, and there is even a local paper (inevitably called Penguin News).
So while the Falkland Islands will never attract celebrities, shop-till-you- droppers or beach babes, its untamed, unspoilt, natural beauty has undoubted appeal. Add world-class wildlife and a pleasingly British atmosphere and it's easy to see why, three decades on, it's not planes that are counted out and in, but cruise ships.
BOOK IT
14 nights aboard Celebrity Inﬁnity, departing 21 January 2018, round-trip from Buenos Aires via Ushuaia, Cape Horn, Paradise Bay (Antarctica), Elephant Island, Port Stanley, Puerto Madryn and Montevideo. Prices from £2,200. See celebritycruises.co.uk or call 0845 163 5735.
By Kelly Terez
iStock/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) — Investors were less fearful of threats from North Korea on Monday and U.S. stocks closed mostly in the green.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average jumped 135.39 (+0.62 percent) to finish at 21,993.71.
The Nasdaq climbed 83.68 (+1.34 percent) to close at 6,340.23, while the S&P 500 finished at 2,465.84, up 24.52 (+1.00 percent) from its open.
Crude oil sunk more than 2.5 percent with prices at $47.50 per barrel.
Winners and Losers: Shares of Apple Inc. and Microsoft Corp. both finished 1.5 percent higher at the close.
JC Penney Company Inc continued its downward spiral, tumbling 4 percent.
Despite volatile trading earlier, Snap Inc.'s stock finished Monday 6.5 percent higher.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Business News
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
Arsenal's record signing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang made a scoring debut and Henrikh Mkhitaryan provided three assists on their first start having joined from Manchester United.
But Aaron Ramsey seized the limelight from the January recruits by scoring a hat trick as Arsenal crushed Everton 5-1 in the Premier League.
It was an emphatic response from Arsenal to losing at Swansea 3-1 a day before Aubameyang joined from Borussia Dortmund for $110 million.
Aubameyang dinked the ball over goalkeeper Jordan Pickford for Arsenal's fourth in the 37th minute after being set up by Mkhitaryan.
Ramsey had already netted twice by that stage either side of Laurent Koscielny's strike. Ramsey completed their treble in the second half from Mkhitaryan's cutback, and Dominic Calvert-Lewin headed in a consolation.
The network has come bottom of the list for the seventh year running
Which? have announced that Vodafone is the worst mobile phone provider in the UK according to its latest survey.
The annual customer satisfaction survey of over 3,600 members of the public found that the network has the worst overall customer satisfaction with only one in six people recommending them to a friend.
After sharing the bottom space with Vodafone last year, EE also faired badly, coming in as the second worst network with one in five customers saying that they felt that their monthly bill is too expensive.
Utility Warehouse customers are the most satisfied customers according to the survey, beating out rival giffgaff in the process. Nine out of 10 customers said that they would recommend the mobile provider and eight out of 10 rating its value for money as good or excellent.
Which? managing director of home products and services Alex Neill (pictured) said: “The biggest providers are lagging behind smaller rivals who are doing a better job of giving customers what they want in terms of service and value for money. Customers who are fed up should look to switch provider as soon as they can. ‘
“New reforms will soon mean that mobile customers will be able to switch provider by text message, which we hope will make it quicker and easier for customers to seek a better deal.”
Bug Bears
O2 and Three both out performed the other two operators however Which? found customers with bug bears with both networks with the top complaint from O2 being regarding marketing offers.
Three was found to be considered value for money by customer with 71 per cent of its customer rating it as excellent or good but service was an issue after 30 per cent said they had experienced a very poor signal.
The survey also found that a third of those who have left Three has sought better network coverage from a different provider but despite this, 86 per cent of customer would still recommend Three to a friend of family member.
By Dayo Adesulu
THE joy of pupils and teachers at the Local Government Nursery and Primary School, Jaguna, Itori, Ewekoro in Ogun State knew no bound as Oando Foundation celebrated the Children's Day with them. The school, as one of the adopted schools of the Foundation received several gifts and donation of sports materials to mark the day. The school had in 2017, received a block of six classrooms in place of the poultry pen.
Speaking during the occasion, the Head, Oando Foundation, Mrs Adekola Adegoke said: “This is approximately one year since we started intervening in this school. We are celebrating children's day with them because this school was in a poultry pen over one year ago. There were two poultry pens on this site. When we went to pay the Ogun State commissioner of education, Mrs. Modupe Mojuota, a visit to intimate them with our Foundation's activities in the state when they assumed duties, they were about three weeks into their tenure at the time and what they showed us was picture of this school saying if we are not going to intervene in any school in Ogun State, we should come to this school because children were in a dying state for various reasons.
“The children were in a school across the expressway before the expressway was built. When it was built, quite a number of children were dying because they were being hit by trucks and lorries on their way to school. So, the local government took a decision at that time to stop children from crossing the road by situating them in a poultry pen. Teachers of the school said they had killed python in the school before.
“Students learn under the rain and sun and when it rains heavily, classes don't hold. Consequently, teachers that were posted here left, school rate and attendance dropped. It wasn't in our plan earlier to intervene so we had to ask Oando staff and well meaning individuals such as Kate Henshaw who worked with us for free and basically helped us raise funds.
“The school was launched a year ago amid much fanfare and quite a lot of activities had happened. We have had trainings for the school management committee to understand their own roles and responsibilities on how a committee should be involved in school management. We had teachers' training session as well and all of these sessions in partnership with another partner called Educative Child Qatar through which we have been able to get out-of-school children back to school. There is an increase in the school population of over 200 pupils. They were about 540 before our intervention, about 200 pupils have been added within one year.”
Meanwhile, the Head Teacher, Mrs Daodu Beatrice Bolanle lauded the kind gesture of the Oando Foundation, describing it as safe our souls intervention.
They said: ‘'What I met when I came here in 2015 was terrible. I met a poultry pen where the teachers used as classroom for our pupils. During that time, our pupils were 483, but now we are 670.
Any time it was about to rain, I always pray and beg God to suspend the rain because once it starts to rain we won't be able to do anything again even if it starts by 9:00am.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gareth Barry, anyone?
Sky Sports are reporting that Albion are closing in on Everton midfielder Gareth Barry and claim they could even undergo a medical today.
Barry only recently signed a new deal at Everton but has been heavily linked with a switch to Albion throughout the summer with Tony Pulis trying to find a replacement for departed skipper Darren Fletcher.
Hands off
Crystal Palace boss Frank de Boer has moved to ward off reported interest from West Bromwich Albion in defender Joel Ward.
Albion were linked with the versatile 27-year-old last week amid reports they had rejected a new contract at Selhurst Park.
De Boer insists Ward, favoured by Tony Pulis during their time in south London, is a valued member of their squad.
Field's pathway
West Bromwich Albion rate Sam Field so highly they will only loan the talented young midfielder to a Championship club.
The 19-year-old, described by Tony Pulis as "gifted as any footballer I've seen at that age", made their tenth first team appearance in Saturday's 1-0 win over Bournemouth.
Open to offers
Tony Pulis is open to offers for Nacer Chadli as West Bromwich Albion brace themselves for a sizeable bid from Swansea.
Swansea are expected to put an end to one of the most protracted transfer sagas of this window by selling Gylfi Sigurdsson to Everton this week.
The Swans are likely to bank £50 million for the Icelandic star and are set to use some of the cash to fund a £20 million swoop for Chadli.
Youngsters lose opener
Aston Villa's under-23s kicked off their Premier League 2 campaign with a thrilling 3-1 victory over neighbours West Bromwich Albion at Walsall's Banks's Stadium.
Kevin MacDonald's line-up included the immensely talented Callum O'Hare as well as Jordan Lyden and Keinan Davis.
Lyden (pen) and Davis were on target for Villa either side of Alex Bradley's stunning leveller for Albion in a 90 minutes stacked with chances. Jake Doyle-Hayes rounded off the victory with a screamer of their own on the final whistle.
The United Kingdom; 11, December 2017: The modern society is a fast-paced race that doesn't have any tolerance for the ones who can't be in-sync with it. Profit is marginal, and the cost of living has skyrocketed ever since leading to instances in the year when the average person is left with nothing to save up for a rainy day. With the advent of the internet and the invention of several secure ways to carry out monetary transactions, the common man is now able to save some funds in investment schemes that guarantee attractive returns.
Hour Trust Ltd is financial institutions that invest funds and carries out instant deposit in the form of safe, fast and secure cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin. The company is based in the United Kingdom and is capable of maintaining stability on exchange rates, sag minimization and reduce drag-downs by restructuring the forms of investments. The company creates a safe and secure environment for the benefit of their clients by implementing exchange rate arbitrage and special arbitration. The primary goal of Hour Trust is to ensure long-term high returns to their clients.
The returns are guaranteed irrespective of the amount invested by the client. Online investment opportunities are attractive these days as the global economy has been stable for quite some time. It is one of the primary reason why the firm turns to private investors and gather funds. The company has a dedicated team of experienced traders that are always keeping a close watch on market fluctuations. Monitoring market stability in real time allows the company to manage their business operations, manage their funds and ensure handsome returns to their investors on time.
It is also the raw information that allows the traders of the company to prepare intelligent algorithms that manage the rate of supply and demand. The possession of the inside knowledge of the market enables the company to provide their clients a safe and secure environment that shields both their interests and investments from the instabilities of the market. The firm has all the necessary registration and licenses that allow them to legally carry out instant payment in the form of cryptocurrency with ease.
The most popular investment scheme offered by the firm is the Trust-investment fund that provides all the highly profitable and favorable conditions for the benefit of the clients. It ensures flexible investment opportunities with timely and handsome payouts. The company recently started offering their loyal clients the chance to become a member of their affiliate program. By enrolling themselves as an affiliate of the company, the clients can start their own business and earn extra income on the side by just referring others to join Hour Trust Ltd. The firm maintains a referrals reward program that entitles the clients to 3 – 10% commission on the deposits made by new clients.
About Hour Trust Ltd.:
Hour Trust Ltd is a UK based investment company that provides an investment platform to interested parties that is safe and shielded from the instabilities of the stock market. They carry out their monetary dealings in the form of cryptocurrencies that allows them to provide their clients with handsome and timely returns.
For Media Contact:
Company: Hour Trust Ltd
Email: admin@hourtrust.com
Website: https://www.hourtrust.com/
DEFENDING champion Ateneo takes on University of the Philippines in a showdown of heavyweights today in the UAAP Season 80 men's football tournament at the Rizal Memorial Stadium.
The Blue Eagles and the Fighting Maroons clash in the final match at 4 p.m.
In other opening day fixtures, Far Eastern University clashes with University of Santo Tomas at 9 a.m., while National University and University of the East take the pitch at 1:30 p.m.
The Katipunan derby will feature two of the top national under-22 players in Ateneo's Jarvey Gayoso and UP's King Miyagi.
Reigning MVP Gayoso was the lone goalscorer when the Eagles won the championship at the expense of the Tamaraws last year, while Miyagi's hat trick powered the Maroons to a 4-1 romp of Ateneo two seasons ago.
Action resumes on Thursday at the same Malate venue, with the Thursday televised matches between De La Salle and FEU at 4 p.m., and UP and UE at 2 p.m. Adamson University and UST collide in the morning match at 9 a.m.
Hostilities in the women's division kicked off yesterday, Ateneo opened the post-Cam Rodriguez era with a 3-1 win over UP, while FEU rallied from a goal down to beat last season's runner-up UST, 3-1.
Rookie Icee Calimbo and Martie Bautista scored first-half goals for the Lady Eagles before the Lady Maroons pulled one back courtesy of Eloisa Malmis in the 80th minute.
Seconds later, Tessa Bernardo restored their side's two-goal cushion and Ateneo was able to preserve the lead until the final whistle.
Lady Tamaraws ace Jovelle Sudaria netted a brace while Jean Kadil scored in stoppage time to cancel out Charisa Lemoran's 16th minute penalty that gave the Tigresses the early lead.
Matches today:
(Rizal Memorial Stadium)
9 a.m. – UST vs FEU (Men)
2 p.m. – UE vs NU (Men)
4 p.m. – Ateneo vs UP (Men)
England's Wayne Barnes has replaced Jerome Garces as the referee for Saturday's opening Bledisloe Cup clash in Sydney.
The Frenchman, who sent Sonny Bill Williams off in the second test against the Lions, didn't travel to Australia after suffering a calf injury while taking charge of a friendly between Bayonne and Racing 92 last weekend, L'Equipe reports.
Barnes was originally named as an assistant referee. Nigel Owens will replace Barnes for next weekend's test in Dunedin.
Garces is set to take charge of the October 7 clash between the All Blacks and South Africa in Cape Town.
Advertisement
Garces gave Williams a straight red card in the Wellington defeat, following a high no-arms tackle on Englishman Anthony Watson.
Crawley Town and their main sponsor have teamed up to give away 1,000 of the club's brand new home shirts to children from schools across the town.
The new initiative between Reds and The People's Pension will get the new shirt, which was revealed last week, to young fans for absolutely free.
The club's players and Reggie the Red will deliver shirts to children under five at 29 primary schools across the town before the League Two seasons kicks off in August.
Head coach Harry Kewell, The People's Pension chief executive officer Patrick Heath-Lay and members of Crawley Town launched ‘Shirts for Schools' this afternoon at an assembly with excited reception class pupils at St Margaret's School in Ifield.
Crawley Town operations director Kelly Derham said: “This is an initiative we've been keen to roll out in the town for some time and I'm delighted that The People's Pension share our vision to increase interest in the club among youngsters. Initially this is a one-year contract, but we hope that it'll be a success and we can continue this on an annual basis.
“We are always looking at ideas to increase awareness of the club and our partners in Crawley. We know that traditionally a lot of football fans in the town follow the big London clubs so we're concentrating on engaging young fans, boys and girls.”
The People's Pension CEO Patrick Heath-Lay said: “As a company deeply rooted in the local community in Crawley, we're proud to back this fantastic initiative, encouraging young fans to support their local team and bringing the town together.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
They were a goal scoring midfielder at the highest level as a player.
So the last person you might expect Kevin Nolan, and their managerial style at Notts County, to be likened to is West Bromwich Albion head coach Tony Pulis.
But that's the comparison Notts defender Carl Dickinson has made.
Dickinson, who played under Pulis during their two spells at Stoke, reckons the two have plenty in common, despite being at opposite ends of their managerial careers.
"A lot of things the manager has done reminds me of Tony Pulis, especially the organisational part," Dickinson told the Nottingham Post.
"Pulis was massive on set-plays and organisation and I can see the similarities between them.
"That's one of the reasons why we were so successful that year at Stoke, and why he's been successful since."
Dickinson was a member of Pulis' Stoke team that won promotion to the Premier League in 2008, when the Potters finished runners-up to the Baggies.
Nolan's approach is clearly working for the Magpies who are perched at the top of the League Two tables.
The Miz spoke with SPORTbible on fans letting them know about their title records and how Seth Rollins is doing as the current WWE Intercontinental Championship. Here are some of the highlights:
Fans making such a big deal about records:
"I feel like I have done so much in WWE that we just make up stuff now! It's like, 'I've had more combined days than every superstar besides one to be the Intercontinental champion!' Is it cool? Sure. Do we make a bigger deal of it now, with social media? Absolutely. I wouldn't even be able to tell you unless people tell me on the internet, 'Hey, guess what - you have x amount of combined days until you are beating Pedro Morales for the longest-reigning Intercontinental champion, or, 'You need one more reign to tie Chris Jericho!' I think you guys care about it a little bit more than I do."
Current WWE Intercontinental Champion Seth Rollins:
"I think Seth is doing a fantastic job with the Intercontinental championship. He's had it for maybe a month and has probably defended it more times than I have in the past year! He's on a hot-streak right now. Their song says 'Burn it down!' and every time they go out there that's exactly what they try to do. They elevate superstars every time they are in the ring; I saw a match with Mojo Rawley and it was the best match I have ever seen Mojo in, in their entire career. That just shows you not only how good Mojo is, they were able to showcase, but how good Seth Rollins really is. I don't think they can elevate it any more than I already have but I think he'll keep it at that same level."
Miz also discussed past IC Champions. You can check out the full interview by clicking here.
Ty Cobb, President Donald Trump's legal representation in the Russia investigation, is trying to dispel rumors that he's planning to remove Robert Mueller.
President Donald Trump's lawyer Ty Cobb is doing their best to assure the American public that their client won't fire special counsel Robert Mueller. Unfortunately for Cobb, Trump's behavior (and past actions) won't assuage many people's concerns.
Late last week, Attorney General Jeff Sessions fired former deputy FBI director Andrew McCabe, just two days before they were set to officially retire. The move effectively took away whatever pension benefits McCabe had earned, and was largely seen as a political decision more than anything else by many critics of the move.
Those insinuations became more evident as Trump tweeted out their feelings on McCabe's firing over the weekend — tying their termination to connections with former FBI director James Comey (whom Trump also fired).
Andrew McCabe FIRED, a great day for the hardworking men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy. Sanctimonious James Comey was their boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy. They knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 17, 2018
McCabe themselves suggested the firing had everything to do with politics and not their job performance. “Here is the reality: I am being singled out and treated this way because of the role I played, the actions I took, and the events I witnessed in the aftermath of the firing of James Comey,” they wrote in a statement after being fired.
Following McCabe's departure, a different Trump lawyer said it was also time to end the Mueller probe looking into Russia's meddling in our elections — including the possibility that Trump's 2016 presidential campaign colluded with the Kremlin.
“I pray that Acting Attorney General Rosenstein will follow the brilliant and courageous example of the FBI Office of Professional Responsibility and Attorney General Jeff Sessions and bring an end to alleged Russia Collusion investigation manufactured by McCabe's boss James Comey based upon a fraudulent and corrupt Dossier,” Trump's personal lawyer John Dowd wrote to The Daily Beast. They later tried to back away from the statement, saying that it was their personal opinion and not the president's (although in the first email, they did say they were speaking on Trump's behalf).
This troubled many lawmakers in Washington, including some Republicans who viewed ending the investigation as violating a separation of powers between the Justice Department and the president. Ending the inquiry would be “the beginning of the end of their presidency,” Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) said.
Cobb, Trump's legal representation for the Russia investigation, tried to douse out the worries of lawmakers. In a statement they issued on Sunday evening, Cobb said, “the White House yet again confirms that the President is not considering or discussing the firing of the Special Counsel, Robert Mueller.”
As well they should not. The investigation into Russia's meddling in our elections two years ago requires independence from the president, whose administration is also under scrutiny for possible criminal activities during the election, transition, and after taking office. To fire Mueller would be tantamount to endorsing aspects of autocratic leadership — essentially making a statement that the president believes themselves to be above the rule of law.
Cobb's words carry little weight given the president's history with making similar promises. In December, Trump called reports of them considering firing their Secretary of State Rex Tillerson “fake news.” Trump fired Tillerson last week, delivering the news to them via tweet.
We cannot take Cobb at their word, then, when they tell us Trump wouldn't remove Mueller. If the special counsel does get fired, it would mark a dark day in American history, and lawmakers are right to oppose Trump making such a move. The question remains, however, whether they will act to preserve the special counsel's autonomy or not before Trump does something foolish.
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (AP) — A federal judge has overturned a jury decision that found a former president of Bolivia and their defense minister responsible for government killings during 2003 unrest.
U.S. Senior District Judge James Cohn upheld a defense motion Wednesday that there was insufficient evidence to support an April verdict that included $10 million in damages in a lawsuit filed by Bolivians whose family members were among the dead.
The jury verdict had followed a nearly three-week trial of the civil suit in federal court in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Jurors found against former Bolivian President Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada and their former defense minister, Jose Carlos Sanchez Berzain. Both live in the U.S.
The lawsuit was filed under the Torture Victim Protection Act, which authorizes suits in the U.S. for extrajudicial killings.
WASHINGTON, D.C.: US President Donald Trump on Sunday (Monday in Manila) hit back at nationwide protests calling for them to release their tax returns, questioning “who paid for” the “small” rallies.
“Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!” the president tweeted Sunday morning.
That message came about an hour after an earlier tweet when they appeared to suggest the matter was a non-issue.
Trump has previously said Americans don't care about their returns.
“I did what was almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?” Trump tweeted.
Their messages came after thousands of protesters gathered Saturday in cities across America to pressure Trump to release their tax returns, a move of transparency they have repeatedly rejected.
The demonstrations were timed to coincide with the traditional April 15 deadline for annual tax filings, a key date on the calendar for US households, and resulted in dozens of arrests.
For decades, US presidents and presidential candidates have released their returns voluntarily, although there is no legal obligation to do so.
US law requires only the publication of a financial statement that estimates assets, including debt and revenue, but does not give details on the amount of taxes paid.
Trump, a billionaire property tycoon, released a financial statement but has kept their tax returns private, both during the election campaign and since taking office in January.
They argue that they cannot release them because they are being audited. But tax officials have said they can in fact release them if they so wishes.
Trump has on at least two previous occasions accused demonstrators of being paid to protest against him.
“Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!” they wrote on February 3 during protests against their executive order on immigration.
AFP
The Global Bottled Water Testing Equipment Market report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this Global Market Share, Size, and Trends.
Bottled water, often called as packaged drinking water comes in various forms including distilled, mineral and other such forms. Bottled water comes in both options of carbonated or non-carbonated and hence it is obligatory to quality test using testing equipment's, in order to fulfill regulatory requirements and check for safety against any harmful diseases. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulates bottled water as a packaged food under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, and has established standards of identity and quality for bottled water. FDA has also established good manufacturing practice requirements for processing and bottling drinking water. The report gives an overview of key market forces propelling and restraining market growth. Additionally, helps to identify and analyses the emerging trends along with major drivers, challenges, and opportunities in the global bottled water testing equipment market.
The global bottled water testing equipment's market has gained remarkable growth owing to increasing investments from companies intended for bottled water testing equipment research. Technological advancements in testing equipment is another factor augmenting the demand for bottled water testing equipment market. In the future, the bottled water testing equipment market growth is predicted to boost due to increased testing laboratories' demand for after-sales service to enhance operational efficiency. However, the high cost of bottled water testing equipment is hindering the market growth.
Download a Free Sample PDF of the report at Click Here
The report analyses the bottled water testing equipment market based on component, test type, technology, and geography. Based on the component, the market is segmented into instruments, consumables & reagents and reference materials. The bottled water testing components are used for testing the quality and edibility of the bottled water. Based on test type, this market is segmented by microbiological, physical, chemical and radiological. Amongst all test type, the chemical water testing equipment's are projected to grow at high pace, as they are used on different chemicals like pharmaceutical residues, pesticide pollutants, and toxic by-products. Based on technology, the global bottled water testing equipment's market is segmented into traditional and rapid technologies. Moreover, the rapid technology is further categorized into chromatography, spectroscopy, testing kits and other technologies.
Scope & Analysis of the Report Based on Geography:
The global market is studied for key regions such as, North America which includes U.S., Canada and Mexico, Europe which includes Germany, France, U.K., Italy, Rest of Europe, Asia Pacific which includes China, Japan, India, South Korea, Rest of Asia Pacific and Rest of the world which includes Latin America and Middle East and Africa.
Global Bottled Water Testing Equipment Market Is Led By Key Companies:
Some of the key participants in the bottled water testing equipment market are Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., Agilent Technologies, Inc., Waters Corporation, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Perkinelmer, Inc., Shimadzu Corporation, Restek, Accepta and Lamotte Company.
Have Any Query? About Bottled Water Testing Equipment Market Report at speak-to-analyst?
Key Questions Answered in Report: –
• What is the Future Scope of global Bottled Water Testing Equipment market up to 2024
• What are the challenges to market growth?
• Who are the key vendors in the global Bottled Water Testing Equipment market?
• What will the market size and the growth rate be in 2024?
• What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Bottled Water Testing Equipment market?
The White House on Monday (Tuesday) rejected calls for a congressional investigation of claims Donald Trump sexually harassed women, saying the American people had spoken on the matter by electing them president.
Democratic Senator Kirsten Gillibrand called on Trump to resign, meanwhile, echoing a demand made the previous day by two other Senate Democrats, while a group of 54 Congresswomen backed Trump's accusers in calling for a probe.
Three women who claim they were sexually harassed by Trump before they ran for president urged Congress on Monday to investigate their behavior and allegations of misconduct.
The three, who first came forward during last year's presidential race with their claims of harassment, said they were speaking up again because of the current climate.
In recent months, countless women have broken their silence about abuse suffered at the hands of powerful men in the worlds of entertainment, the media, business and politics, in the wake of the bombshell allegations that felled movie mogul Harvey Weinstein.
“The environment's different,” said Samantha Holvey, who claims Trump came backstage when they and other contestants in the 2006 Miss USA pageant were dressing.
“Let's try again,” Holvey said, in explaining their decision to repeat them allegations.
Rachel Crooks, who says Trump forcibly kissed them on the mouth after they introduced themselves to them at Trump Tower in 2005, urged lawmakers to “put aside their party affiliations and investigate Mr. Trump's history of sexual misconduct.”
Crooks voiced hope “that we will hold Mr Trump to the same standard of Harvey Weinstein and the other men who were held accountable for their reprehensible behavior.”
Jessica Leeds, who says they were groped and forcibly kissed by Trump on a commercial flight decades ago, said the president has not been held accountable for “what they are and who they are.”
The White House swiftly dismissed the claims as “false.”
“The timing and absurdity of these false claims speaks volumes and the publicity tour that has begun only further confirms the political motives behind them,” a White House statement said.
‘A decisive election'
Addressing reporters, White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the president “has addressed these accusations directly and denied all of these allegations.
“This took place long before they were elected to be president and the people of this country had a decisive election, supported President Trump,” Sanders said. “We feel like these allegations have been answered through that process.”
Gillibrand, a Democratic senator from New York, told CNN that Trump should “immediately resign.”
“President Trump has committed assault according to these women,” they said. “And those are very credible allegations.
“I think they should immediately resign and if they don't we should have the investigation,” Gillibrand said.
Democratic senators Cory Booker of New Jersey and Jeff Merkley of Oregon also called over the weekend for Trump to step down.
Democratic Senator Ron Wyden backed the call for a congressional investigation—which appeared unlikely to occur given the Republican control of both houses of Congress.
“These women are right,” the senator from Oregon said in a tweet. “If @realDonaldTrump won't resign, Congress must investigate allegations by many, many women that they sexually assaulted and harassed them. No one is above the law.”
Later Monday, Democratic Congresswoman Lois Frankel said they were leading a contingent of women representatives from the lower chamber in demanding a probe.
“Americans deserve to learn the truth about the Commander in Chief, which is why I'm leading @HouseDemWomen in calling for an investigation in Congress of the sexual misconduct allegations against @realDonaldTrump,” they tweeted, linking to a CNN report that a group of 54 women were involved in the effort.
Three US lawmakers announced their resignations from Congress last week over sexual harassment allegations, including Democratic Senator Al Franken of Minnesota.
In announcing their resignation, Franken took aim at Trump.
“I, of all people, am aware that there is some irony in the fact I am leaving while a man who bragged on tape about their history of sexual assault sits in the Oval Office,” they said.
A total of 16 women have come forward with claims of misconduct by Trump, who boasted in a tape that surfaced during the campaign that they could kiss and grope women with impunity, because of their celebrity.
In an apparent divergence from the White House line, Nikki Haley, the US ambassador to the United Nations, said Sunday that any women claiming to be victims of sexual harassment— including those implicating Trump—”should be heard.” AFP
AFP/CC
Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg is facing calls from US and European legislators to explain how a consultancy that worked on President Donald Trump's election campaign gained access to data on 50 million Facebook users.
Politicians in the United States, Britain and Europe have called for investigations into reports that political analytics firm Cambridge Analytica had harvested the private data on more than 50 million Facebook users to support Trump's 2016 presidential election campaign.
The scrutiny presents a new threat to Facebook's reputation, which is already under attack over Russians' use of Facebook tools to sway American voters with “fake news” posts before and after the 2016 US elections.
Facebook was already facing new calls on Saturday for regulation from US Congress and questions about personal data safeguards after the reports in the New York Times and the Observer over the weekend.
“It's clear these platforms can't police themselves,” Democratic US senator Amy Klobuchar tweeted.
“They say ‘trust us'. Mark Zuckerberg needs to testify before Senate judiciary,” they added, referring to a committee they sit on.
Facebook policies
On Monday, Republican senator John Kennedy joined Klobuchar in calling on Zuckerberg to testify before Congress, and Democratic senator Ron Wyden sent a letter to Zuckerberg asking for answers to questions regarding the company's policies for sharing user data with third parties.
Mr Wyden, an influential senator on technology issues, asked how many times during the past 10 years Facebook was aware of third parties collecting or processing data in violation of the company's platform policies, among several other questions.
“The lid is being opened on the black box of Facebook's data practices, and the picture is not pretty,” said Frank Pasquale, a University of Maryland law professor who has written about Silicon Valley's use of data. Facebook usually sends lawyers to testify to Congress, or allows trade organisations to represent it and other technology companies in front of legislators.
It was not clear whether Republicans who hold congressional committee gavels would announce any hearings related to Facebook and Cambridge Analytica. But the calls reflected mounting bipartisan concern in Washington over whether internet firms are operating as fair trustees of the massive amounts of user data they collect. Facebook said on Friday that it had learned in 2015 that a Cambridge University psychology professor had lied to the company and violated its policies by passing data to Cambridge Analytica from a psychology testing app they had built.
Facebook said it suspended the firms and researchers involved. It also said the data had been misused but not stolen, because users gave permission.
Cambridge Analytica and its chief executive were not immediately available to comment on Monday.
“Tech companies all use data one way or the other as part of their businesses,” said Shawn Cruz, senior trading specialist at TD Ameritrade in Chicago. “They are going to get a lot more scrutiny over what data they are collecting and how they are using it.”
‘Very concerning'
A spokesperson for British prime minister Theresa May said the allegations were “clearly very concerning . . . It is essential that people can have confidence that their personal data will be protected and used in an appropriate way.”
Britain's information commissioner's office said it would be considering the potential new evidence as part its separate civil and criminal probe into whether Facebook user data had been abused in British elections. UK parliamentary committee chairperson and Conservative politician Damian Collins said Facebook had avoided answering straight questions from the committee about what it knew about the abuse of its users' social media data by Cambridge Analytica. “Someone has to take responsibility for this. It's time for Mark Zuckerberg to stop hiding behind their Facebook page,” Mr Collins said in a statement.
The head of the European Parliament said on Monday EU legislators would investigate whether data misuse had taken place, calling the allegations an unacceptable violation of citizens' privacy rights.
Germany's Greens party also said it had asked the German government to report to parliament about the domestic impact.
In their joint letter, Kennedy and Klobuchar asked Senate judiciary chairperson Chuck Grassley to hold a hearing with Zuckerberg and the chief executives of Twitter and Alphabet Inc's Google. – Reuters
Tech Stocking Stuffers
A Little Bit of Everything (under $50)
Because there's still time to get something for that family member or friend who is clearly more tech-inclined than most. While our main Tech Gift Shortlist is comprised of some of the best PC/tech gear you can get, those are usually pretty expensive. Conversely, here's a list of useful or outright just cool items that techies will love, all at or under $50. Since we published this guide we have almost doubled the number of recommendations on the stuffers list below.
8Bitdo N30 Pro Controller $40 Price: While the NES30 Pro feels remarkably like that controller of old, a look under the hood proves it's primed for 2017 and beyond. Sync up via Bluetooth or USB and you can enjoy wireless gameplay on virtually any platform, including PC, Mac, Android and iOS devices.
Monopoly: Fallout Edition $30 Price: Greetings Vault Dwellers! Play MONOPOLY: Fallout Collector's Edition and rebuild civilization as you buy, sell, and trade your way through the Fallout Wasteland. Featuring iconic property locations from all four Fallout games, players can fortify their properties with Vault-Tec approved Shacks (Houses) and Vaults (Hotels).
Anker 4-Port USB 3.0 Hub $10 Price: Slim, yet durable design easily slips into your pocket or computer bag. Turn 1 port into 4 USB 3.0 enabled ports and do more with your computer.
IPVanish VPN $5/mo Price: As a top tier VPN provider, IPVanish is not the cheapest service you will find, but you get what you pay for. Speeds are pretty good, P2P and torrenting is allowed, no logging, plus there are a ton of servers and locations (over 60 countries, 800+ servers).
Game of Thrones 3D pop cards $15+ Price: The Game of Thrones 5 Pack is the perfect gift for the Game of Thrones fans in your life. This set contains all five officially licensed designs created in partnership with HBO's Game of Thrones.
Masters of Doom (book) $14 Price: Masters of Doom is the amazing true story of the Lennon and McCartney of video games: John Carmack and John Romero. Together, they ruled big business. They transformed popular culture. And they provoked a national controversy. More than anything, they lived a unique and rollicking American Dream, escaping the broken homes of their youth to produce the most notoriously successful game franchises in history—Doom and Quake— until the games they made tore them apart.
OontZ Angle 3 Bluetooth Speaker $25 Price: Cambridge Soundworks' Oontz Angle 3 Plus manages to deliver fairly rich sound despite its small size and relatively low price. It also has excellent battery life, is water-resistant and has speakerphone capabilities. (review)
The Anchor $11 Price: The original under-desk headphone stand mount, The Anchor keeps your headphones out of sight & easy to reach. Mounts in seconds and holds strong with the same adhesive GoPro uses.
Mpow Bluetooth Receiver/Car Adapter $14 Price: Adapt audio systems with Bluetooth capability. This small, compact device enables devices and stereo audio systems to be wirelessly controlled via Bluetooth 4.1. It features A2DP technology to stream high quality audio.
Legend of Zelda Clue Board Game $30 Price: This collector's edition of the famous board game puts a new spin-attack on an old classic. As opposed to the usual murder mystery, you will instead be trying to deduce who has the power to defeat Ganondorf, what weapon must be used to do it, and where they have established their hidden lair. Only by solving these questions can you hope to rid the land of evil.
Casio F91W Digital Watch $9 Price: The Casio F91W digital sports watch is a tried and true style for casual and sporty wear. With daily alarm, hourly chime signal, and automatic calendar. Water Resistant. Micro Light. Approx. battery life: 7 years.
PopSockets $9 Price: PopSockets are expanding grips and stands that attach to most phones, tablets, and cases. Pop, tilt, wrap, prop, collapse, grip, repeat - PopSockets enhance the grip and capabilities of your phone.
Moshi Digits gloves $30 Price: These dual-layered touch screen gloves are designed to go hand-in-hand with your mobile device. Each fingertip is made with a special conductive fiber that enables responsive and accurate gesturing on your smartphone or tablet.
Samsung Qi Fast Charger $35 Price: Samsung Qi certified fast charge pad supports wireless charging on Qi compatible smartphones including the Samsung Galaxy S6/S7/S8, Note 5/7/8, LG G6, LG V30, Apple iPhone 8 and X.
The Upstarts (book) $17 Price: The Upstarts: How Uber, Airbnb, and the Killer Companies of the New Silicon Valley Are Changing the World -- A look deep inside the new Silicon Valley, from the New York Times bestselling author of The Store
Star Wars BB-8 Life Size Plush $30 Price: There's one thing we can all agree on: BB-8 needs to be hugged. The little round body. The slight head tilt. It just calls for corporal cuddling.
AuKey 2x USB charger $10 Price: Portable Dual-Port Charger: A super-compact wall charger with 2.4A total output and a convenient foldable plug. Stay charged wherever you go.
Logitech MX Anywhere 2 $50 Price: If you are constantly on the go then you probably don't want to carry around a full size mouse. The Logitech MX Anywhere 2 is a smaller travel mouse to keep on your bag, but not too small to be cumbersome to use for extended periods. The Anywhere 2 can track on nearly any surface including glass and includes Logitech's speed-adaptive scroll wheel
Belkin 12-Outlet Power Strip $20 Price: Protect your devices from power surges with the Belkin 12-Plug Power Strip Surge Protector. The generous 8-foot extension power strip features six regular outlets and six BlockSpace outlets that accommodate oversized power adapters without blocking other outlets.
Echo Dot $30 Price: Echo Dot (2nd gen) is a hands-free, voice-controlled device that uses Alexa to play music, control smart home devices, make calls, send and receive messages, set alarms, read audiobooks from Audible, control Amazon Video on Fire TV, and more
Star Wars Title Crawl Floor Runner $40 Price: It is a period of civil war... If you've got a bare bit of floor that needs covering, there's no better way to do it than with this Star Wars: A New Hope title crawl floor runner!
Anker PowerCore+ mini $15 Price: About the size of a lipstick tube, PowerCore+ mini is so slim and light you can easily slip it in your bag or pocket and you'll forget it's even there.
Jackery Bolt 6000 mAh $32 Price: A favorite among Apple device owners. The built-in lightning cable enables super fast charging for all iPhones, faster than the original charger with original cable. It can charge more than one device at a time with less mess.
Sennheiser CX 686G/i sports earphones $30 Price: This is Sennheiser's fifth generation of (inexpensive) sports headphones. Two of our writers swear by them which is reason enough for us to widely recommend them. Do note the CX 686G version is meant for Android phones, and the CX 686i is for iPhones.
Sublime Text $0/$80 Price: Old school coders liked to say Notepad was the best text editor you could use. But truth is, lean text editors with very powerful features are superior and just as accessible and speedy. Sublime Text is a sophisticated text editor for code or anything you want it to be.
Humble Racing Bundle $1+ Price: Pay what you want for a bundle of racing games and support charity. Codemasters is here with a sweet bundle of racing games! Get DiRT Rally, F1 2016, GRID 2, and many more games (plus lots of DLC).
Color reusable Velcro $3 Price: 5 pack of adjustable, reusable, multi colored Velcro cable ties. Take control of computer and electronics cord clutter with easily adjustable, reusable hook and loop ties. These are pretty high quality and look good, too.
VicTsing Shower Speaker $17 Price: Great for outdoors and using on the shower. The case is designed to be shockproof, dustproof, level up to IPX4 (no immersion). Supports Bluetooth A2DP streaming. Built-in 5W speaker and mic.
Basic Laptop Messenger Bag $35 Price: This is a very simple bag. No excessive decorations or fancy gizmos. The main pouch is divided nicely into 3 large sections. Both sides have smaller outer pouches; one with lots of littler storage slots (pens, checkbooks) and one just open space. And one more very flat pouch on front. All 4 are zipped shut.
Pixel Pals Super Mario $15 Price: Collectible pixel-art rendition perfect for gamers and Super Mario fans. It lights up. Powered by 2 AAA batteries. Close to 6 inches tall
Chromecast Audio $35 Price: If you have a good set of speakers and want to stream music to them, the Chromecast Audio is a simple and inexpensive way to make them work with almost all of the the top music services. The combination of a great price point, wide compatibility and dead-simple setup makes it easy to recommend.
PH's foremost online film fest gathers over 200 entries
Globe Studios, the original content production arm of Globe Telecom, recognized and awarded bright, young Filipino talents via the Globe Independent Film Festival (Giff).
Launched towards the end of 2016, Giff is the first-ever online film festival that changed the landscape of independent film fests. Giff maximized the online platform to rally amateur filmmakers to share their quality films and reach a wider audience.
“When we started Giff, we really wanted to do a different type of film festival. Something that is more fun, friendly, and most importantly, inclusive. We also aimed to make it more accessible and cost effective for our audience as it is free and can be seen whenever, right on their devices,” said Quark Henares, director of Globe Studios.
Giff accepted over 200 hundred entries for six major categories: Documentary, Experimental, Animation, Webisodes, Narrative, and Music Video. Each winner per category brought home up to P200,000.
The first ever GIFF winners are as follows: Documentary—1st: Nothing Too Supreme by Felman Jay Jr. Hernandez; 2nd: Pelikula Ni Rey by Dino Placino; and 3rd: Panginabuhi Namo, Sa Kaong Na Giluto by Romel Lozada, Tatiano Molarto, Jori Mae Samillano.
Experimental—1st: Isda by Mark Glenn Doroja; 2nd: Penafrancia by Gab Mesina; and 3rd: Girl Magazine by Anna Meer.
Animation—1st: Lakas Ng Lahi by Arnold Arre, Emil Flores; 2nd: The Well by Juan Alcazaren; and 3rd: Momo by Avid Liongoren.
Webisodes—1st: Dota Dad by Karlo Policarpio; 2nd: Bilucao Warriors 4th by Gariendo Encarnacion, Jr.; and 3rd: Hugot Sword by Karlo Policarpio.
Narrative—1st: All Your Algorithms by Alec Figuracion; 2nd: TransParent by Adel Clemente; and 3rd: The Harvest by Brian Patrick Lim
Music Video—1st: BP Valenzuela – Building Too by Christine Joyce Silva; 2nd: Nanay Mo – Absent Mind by Gio Puyat; 3rd: and Escuri – Sepia by Dominic Bekaert, Quintuin P. Cu-Unjieng.
There was also a bonus award for the most number of views online, on both the website of Globe Studios and its YouTube channel. Penafrancia by Gab Mesina was awarded the winner for the Audience Choice Award.
Globe Studios opened GIFF to all amateur filmmakers and were evaluated by an esteemed panel of judges from the entertainment industry namely, acclaimed film director Antoinette Jadaone, TV personality Bianca Gonzalez, film critic Philbert Dy, and renowned TV commercial director Sid Maderazo.
“Globe Studios' Giff Awards Night definitely proved how we gave our brand a whole new way of bringing wonderful entertainment to our customers,” added Henares. “With the event, our vision for Globe Studios has been realized—to advocate local talent and eventually collaborate with them for content. Giff has allowed us to fuel creativity among filmmakers and we are very proud of these entries that brought these amazing films closer to every Filipino.”
At the awards night, guests also sang to their favorite tunes from renowned indie artists such as Escuri, Nanay Mo, B.P. Valenzuela, Moonwlk, Olympia, Taken By Cars, and Pedicab.
To watch the finalists and winning entries, visit Globe Telecom's YouTube page at https://www.youtube.com/user/globeph or on www.GlobeStudios.ph
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Dive Brief:
In an editorial for The Hechinger Report, Julie Kasper, a National Board Certified Teacher who left the classroom after 14 years, writes there are important ways those in the education and policy fields, as well as others, can support teachers.
Kasper now works with K-12 refugee students and English learners in Tucson, AZ, and they say it's important to have people supporting students from outside the classroom as well — including with calls to elected and appointed officials about education policy and donations to classrooms.
Kasper writes that it is important for individuals to help teachers they know manage stress, and on a bigger scale, it is important to acknowledge, celebrate and compensate teachers as we do first responders, professional athletes, actors and pop stars.
Dive Insight:
Administrators all over the country are no strangers to consequences of the teacher shortage. Some states have become more lenient about who can teach in schools in recent years as shortages have become more dire. There are fewer students choosing to major in education, and the undersupply in special education, bilingual education and some STEM fields is extreme.
The Learning Policy Institute released a report last fall that drew attention to one important lever in the solution: retention. If fewer teachers leave the profession every year, there will be less demand for new teachers to fill open positions. Even without raising salaries, teachers report greater autonomy in their classrooms and a say in school-wide decision-making could improve their working conditions and entice them to stay put.
Supporters of Ebonie Musselwhite, seven, who needs urgent treatment for a rare form of leukaemia, have arranged a fundraising quiz night this Friday.
The quiz will be at CJ's Play Cafe in Three Bridges Road, from 6pm.
Tickets are £5 each, all funds going to the family.
The soft play area is available for £1, and the cafe will be open selling hot and cold drinks and food - CJ's will make a donation from all sales on the night.
To book a ticket, or offer a prize to be raffled, contact the cafe via: www.cjscafe.co or: www.facebook.com/cjsplaycafe
Ebonie-Rose Musselwhite was diagnosed with Philadelphia chromosome positive leukaemia - a rare subtype of acute lymphoblastic leukaemia - in February 2016.
Since then, they have undergone gruelling treatments, and now needs an expensive course of medication to put their leukaemia into remission so they can take part in medical trials, possibly in the US.
A statement from the family said: “Before we know about treatment in America we need to try to get funding for a specific medication targeting the Philadelphia chromosome called dasatinib... our understanding is that rarely the UK will fund this and we will need to pay for it ourselves, the cost being between £3,000 and £4,000 a month. This medicine will be needed for months but possibly even years.
“Our aim is to get Ebonie into remission ready to start a trial whether it be in the UK or America.”
Upcoming events for Ebonie include:
- Friday July 6 - Charity Quiz Night, CJ's Play Cafe at 6pm
- Sunday July 8 - Tough Mudder, Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire.
- Tuesday July 10 - Teddy Bears' Picnic, Worth Park Playgroup, 12.30pm
- Saturday July 14 - Funday and Table Top Sale, Pound Hill Junior School, 10am to 4pm
- Saturday July 21/Sunday July 22 - Charity Weekend Fundraiser at The White Knight, Pound Hill, noon to 11pm
- Saturday July 28 - Vintage Photoshoot Fundraiser, CJ's Play Cafe, 10am 3pm
- Thursday August 23 - The Big Dorking Fundraising Quiz, The White Horse, Dorking, 5pm to 11pm, quiz starts at 7pm. Raffle, auction and live music. Tickets (£10 on the door) include a welcome drink and nibbles. £100 prize, max eight people per team.
You can also donate to the cause any time via: www.justgiving.com/crowdfunding/ebonie-rosem
Remember Como? The mobile app maker? Well, it has changed its name to Swiftic and even changed its url to www.swiftic.com
Como DIY Is Now Swiftic
Despite the changes, both old and new customers will be happy to know that Swiftic offers many of its predecessor's features, including the easy-to-follow 3-step app maker procedure that has helped small businesses build over a million apps.
Just because you physically close your store after working hours doesn't mean that your sales need to stop too. Swiftic allows you to create a store app that will help you stay open 24/7, making shopping more convenient for your customers.
Swiftic gives you all the features that you need to connect with your on-the-go customers. And among its alluring features is the loyalty cards that allows you to turn one-time customers into loyal customers.
The app also allows you to send notifications right from your computer or smartphone. This could be attention grabbing notifications that show your customers some of the goods and services that your business offers.
Even more interesting is that, if you do deliveries, then you can satisfy your customer's cravings by allowing them to tap a button and place an order from wherever they happen to be.
The app maker also allows you to add in-app coupons and scratch cards that keep customers excited about the opportunity to win prizes, and this ultimately enhances customer loyalty.
The app maker costs about $57 per month or $48 per month if you decide to pay yearly. And while one pricing plan to fit all may not be the best pricing plan for people looking for a bit of flexibility, the app maker offers excellent features and it's definitely a superb choice for start-ups and small businesses.
By Gordon Deegan
‘Undercover' volunteer teenage girls are helping the HSE stamp out the number of ‘rogue' operators selling sun-bed sessions to minors.
New figures from the HSE show that is last year ramped up its enforcement activity in the sun-bed industry deploying under-age teenagers – mainly girls – on 47 ‘test purchase inspections'.
This resulted in five operators found selling sun-bed sessions to teenagers under 18 and this compared to 25 test inspections by HSE deployed teens aged between 15 and 17 uncovering six operators selling sun-bed sessions to minors in 2016.
In total, the HSE state that over the past three years, it has recorded 69 infringements by sun bed operators selling sun-bed sessions to underage teens.
The figures show that there were 13 infringements last year and this followed 17 in 2016 and 39 in 2015.
File photo of a woman on a sunbed.
The HSE states that it regards the primary purpose of its Public Health (Sunbeds) Act 2014 as the protection of minors and it states that the main evidence of the success of the legislation can be seen in the reduction in non-compliant test purchasing inspections where the overall test purchasing activity has increased.
The sun-bed laws were only introduced four years ago and the HSE statistics provided to Fine Gael TD, Kate O'Connell arising from a written Dáil question show that over the three years, sun-bed operators have made 111 infringements relating to bogus health claims from sun-bed sessions.
According to a HSE spokesperson, examples of the health claims that resulted in non-compliances include ‘this sunbed is s safer way of tanning'; 'Get more Vit D'and ‘Vit D for your life'.
The overall number of infringements last year totalled 315 across a range of categories and this was a 37% decline on the 502 infringements recorded in 2016. The 2016 total was in turn a 62% drop on the 1,311 infringements recorded in 2015.
A number of sun-bed operators had multiple non-compliances and the number of operators found to be non-compliant last year was 140 compared to 208 in 2016 and 185 in 2015.
The figures show that last year 32 infringements were recorded by sun-bed operators relating to certain marketing practices; 81 infringements relating to ‘prescribed warning signs' and 73 infringements relating to health information.
According to the HSE spokesperson: “The reduction in overall infringements is indicative of an increase in compliance and understanding of the law and the continued enforcement and advisory activity from the Environmental Health Service.”
They said: “While inspection numbers have reduced by a small margin the actual percentage of non-compliance inspection outcomes has reduced from 56% in 2016 to 44% in 2017.”
The HSE spokesperson said that the HSE's implementation of the legislation with the sunbed industry can be considered a success based on – the continued decrease in recorded infringements since 2015 and the decrease in overall non-compliant inspection outcomes.
The spokesperson also pointed to the high compliance rate with the requirement for a sunbed business operator to notify their business to the HSE annually – where less than 2% failed to notify the HSE in 2017.
They said that the implementation of the legislation by the HSE has been further streamlined with the introduction of an online payment portal to enable electronic notifications and payments.
Share it:
Don't Miss
The developer behind Rushden Lakes has given an update on the next three phases of the scheme, including details of another new shop on the way.
LXB, the developer behind the new retail and leisure scheme, has just published its results for the year ending September 30, 2017.
Wildwood opened at Rushden Lakes earlier this year
As part of this, a report by the developer's investment manager has given an update on Rushden Lakes, including how phases two, three and four are progressing and potential cost over-runs in connection with the highways improvements.
It says: “This investment was sold to The Crown Estate in May 2016.
“The sale terms provided that The Crown Estate would fund the development costs, with the group retaining responsibility for a number of project related matters as well as for letting the remaining vacant space. “The group has recently announced that it has secured an enhanced planning consent for a further 215,000 sq ft of retail and leisure space to be delivered over three additional phases of development and that the revised agreement providing for The Crown Estate to fund the next two phases at Rushden Lakes is now unconditional.
“Rushden Lakes is now planned in four phases with Phase 1, anchored by M&S, Primark and House of Fraser, now open and 96 per cent let.
“Additionally, a 4,649 sq ft unit has been let to Superdry and a 2,729 sq ft has been let to Magazine Heaven (both subject to planning) and a further lease with Robert Goddard for the final 2,352 sq ft at Phase 1 is in solicitors' hands.
“The contractor is already on site with Phases 2 and 3, with the anticipated practical completion dates being January 2019 and June 2018 respectively.
“Work on Phase 4 is expected to start in May 2018.
“90 per cent of the Phase 2 space is pre-let, with a further two per cent in solicitors' hands.
“Phase 3 is 63 per cent pre-let and another 20 per cent is currently in solicitors' hands.”
Phase two of the project includes the multi-screen cinema as well as more shops and restaurants.
As well as providing an update on future phases of the development, the report also mentions the road improvements being made to the A45.
It says: “The group remains in discussion with Highways England concerning potential cost over-runs in connection with the highways improvements at Rushden Lakes and will update further when it is appropriate to do so.”
Blake Bortles stuns NFL playoffs with Jaguars-Steelers statement PITTSBURGH — The Jacksonville Jaguars, yes those Jacksonville Jaguars, are heading to the AFC championship game. Rookie running back Leonard Fournette ran for 109 yards and three touchdowns, Blake Bortles...
Revamped Steelers get chance for redemption against Jaguars PITTSBURGH — It was one of the most stunning results of the 2017 season and caused double-takes wherever the score was shown. On Oct. 8, the Jaguars beat the Steelers,...
Ezekiel Elliott's return, Gronk-Bills reunion highlight Week 16 Two weeks remain in the NFL regular season, and there are still division titles and playoff positions to be earned, postseason skids possibly snapped, and the potential for a winless...
How to deal with Antonio Brown fantasy-related depression One of my main tasks this offseason is to create a boilerplate template column that I can just reuse each week by plugging in a new name. You know, like:...
Antonio Brown gets blasted in possible devastating NFL blow In a season filled with injuries, Antonio Brown could be the latest significant blow. The superstar Steelers wide receiver had to be helped off the field for what the team...
There's no bigger game than this epic Patriots-Steelers matchup This is the Ali-Frazier of the 2017 NFL season, the heavyweight championship fight that will almost certainly determine where the Road to Minneapolis travels through after Ali-Frazier II next month....
Jewelry thief and sucker punch give rivalry all-time wild moment The 1956 film “Invasion of the Body Snatchers” was set in a fictional California town named Santa Mira. More than 60 years later, a sequel of sorts played out on...
Steelers make an example of problem WR, and it might have worked Maybe there is a solution that ends in harmony for Martavis Bryant and the Steelers, after all. Bryant, who missed all of last season because of a suspension, has done...
New Steelers star doesn't need porn star to get their bike back JuJu Smith-Schuster is quickly emerging as a popular player for the Steelers as the No. 2 wide receiver behind superstar Antonio Brown. Smith-Schuster's amazing touchdown celebration and stolen bicycle earned...
EUGENE, Ore. (AP) – An 80-year-old man on trial for murder has told jurors they killed their landlady in self-defense.
The Register-Guard reports (https://is.gd/NZNKbE ) Howard Stull took the stand Wednesday and said 59-year-old Kathy Braun confronted them a large knife, forcing them to act. They said the incident likely stemmed from a months-long feud they had with Braun's boyfriend.
Stull's testimony came one day after the jury heard an audio recording of the altercation that happened July 23, 2015. The incident was captured on a digital recorder police found in Braun's bedroom. In the recording, a woman's prolonged shrieks can be heard.
A medical examiner testified last week that Braun suffered more than 50 stab and slash wounds.
The Arizona Cardinals could be on the verge of adding another free agent to their team. According to ESPN's Josina Anderson, free agent Tre Boston is headed to Arizona.
S Tre Boston just text me they are on a flight to Arz. — ig: josinaanderson (@JosinaAnderson) May 30, 2018
Boston has previously visited the Cardinals and it is well-known they have been on the team's radar for some time.
Arizona has little proven depth at the position. The starters are projected to be Antoine Bethea and Budda Baker, who make a pair at the back end of the defense. However, there is zero game experience on defense behind them on the depth chart, excluding Bené Benwikere, who has only played cornerback in the NFL and is learning to play safety this offseason.
Boston has played four seasons in the NFL. Their first three were with the Carolina Panthers, where Cardinals coach Steve Wilks coached defensive backs and was defensive coordinator.
They spent last season with the Los Angeles Chargers and started 15 games, picked off five passes, broke up eight passes and had 79 total tackles.
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
Archaeologists in Egypt have discovered a 4,400-year-old tomb near the country's famed pyramids at the Giza plateau just outside Cairo, the Antiquities Ministry said Saturday, the latest discovery that authorities hope will help revive the country's staggering tourism sector.
Wall paintings inside a 4,400-year-old tomb near the pyramids outside Cairo, Egypt. Source: Associated Press
The tomb was found in a wider area of Giza's western necropolis, which is known to be home to tombs from the Old Kingdom.
It likely belonged to a woman known as Hetpet, who archaeologists believe was close to ancient Egyptian royals of the 5th Dynasty.
The tomb, unveiled to the media on Saturday (local time), is made of mud brick and includes wall paintings in good condition depicting Hetpet observing different hunting and fishing scenes.
Other scenes also depict a monkey - in pharaonic times, monkeys were commonly kept as domestic animals - picking fruit. Similar scenes have been found in other tombs belonging to the later 12th dynasty, according to the ministry's statement. Another scene shows a monkey dancing before an orchestra.
According to the ministry, the archaeological mission behind the discovery started excavation work last October. Archaeologists have been making discoveries near the site since the 19th century, and Mostafa al-Waziri, who led the mission, believes there is still more to be found.
"This is a very promising area. We expect to find more," Al-Waziri told reporters at the site. "We have removed between 250-300 cubic meters of layers of earth to find the tomb."
"What we see above the earth's surface in Egypt doesn't exceed 40 percent of what the core holds," they added.
Al-Waziri believes Hetpet had another tomb in Giza's western necropolis and said that excavation work is underway to find that one too.
Hetpet is a previously known figure in Egyptian antiquity though their mummy has not been discovered yet. Fragments of artefacts belonging to Hetpet were found in the same area back in 1909, and were moved to a museum in Berlin at the time, Antiquities Minister Khaled al-Anani said Saturday, speaking at the site to reporters and Western diplomats.
Despite all the discoveries already made about ancient Egypt, experts say they hope to find much more - in part thanks to modern technology - treasures still buried under the vast desert.
To qualify for this designation, students must carry a minimum of 12 semester credits and have a grade point average of at least a 3.7 on a 4.0 scale.
Among those earning this academic honor were (listed alphabetically by hometown):
From Detroit Lakes: Molly Buhr, daughter of Burl and Rena Buhr; ParkerJackson, son of Todd and Jennifer Jackson; Karli Kerzman, daughter of John and Renee Kerzman; Nicholas Larson, son of Kevin and Tracy Larson; April Stevenson, daughter of Joel and Susan Stevenson; Abigale Ullyott, daughter of Rob and Diane Ullyott; and Kody VanDenEykel, son of Marty VanDenEykel and Dena Baker.
From Frazee: Ashley Bachmann, daughter of Jason and Nancy Bachmann.
From Osage: Laura Pihlaja, daughter of Andy and Melanie Pihlaja; and Andre Schaum, son of David Schaum and Janet Blanchard.
From Waubun: Jordan Spaeth, son of Tim and Bobi Spaeth; and Skye Spindler (parents not listed).
"We are proud of the commitment these students show to academic excellence, and we are confident they are preparing themselves well to apply their accomplishments to the affairs of the world," says Dr. Eric Eliason, dean of Concordia College and vice president of academic affairs.
Rickie Fowler took a step towards Phoenix Open redemption when they earned a share of the halfway lead with fellow American Bryson DeChambeau in Arizona on Friday.
Fowler and DeChambeau both carded five-under 66s at TPC Scottsdale for 10-under-par 132 totals, one stroke clear of compatriots Daniel Berger and Chez Reavie.
Eighteen players are bunched within three shots of the leaders, including Phil Mickelson and Jon Rahm, who are both on seven-under.
However, Hideki Matsuyama's hopes of winning the tournament for a third consecutive year evaporated when the Japanese world number five pulled out before hitting a shot, citing a left thumb and wrist injury. They had shot a two-under 69 on Thursday.
Two years ago, Matsuyama beat Fowler in a playoff after the American plonked their tee shot into a water hazard at the fourth extra hole.
Meanwhile Shane Lowry scraped inside the level par cut mark by a stroke after failing to catch fire in the Arizona desert, as they shot a level par second round of 71.
After Thursday's opening effort of 70 - which saw them flirt with a hole in one in front of the baying crowds of the 16th - Friday's round was much less eventful.
Indeed, Lowry could only muster two birdies on day two, before giving them back to leave themselves on one under par for the tournament, nine strokes off the tournament lead and in a share of 63rd place.
Rickie Fowler shares the halfway lead in the Phoenix Open. Photograph: Robert Laberge/Getty
Despite their status as a fan favourite, and a healthy world ranking of seventh, Fowler knows they have let too many tournaments slip away, with 12 career runner-up finishes on the PGA Tour to go with their four official victories.
They looked set to claim the solo lead on Friday until they overcooked their chip shot at the par-four 17th for a soft bogey.
“Was in good position to make birdie there, a little unfortunate to make bogey, (but) other than that solid day, kept moving in the right direction,” Fowler told the Golf Channel after their 11th consecutive round of 70 or better at the venue.
“We're in a good spot going into the weekend. This is a place we know we can continue to play well. I'm comfortable on this course.
“We'll piece together the nines at some point. Yesterday we started on the back and got off to a decent start there and then cooled down a little on the front. Today played the front nine well.”
DeChambeau, a physics major who applies their understanding of the science to their swing, rifled their approach shot to inside a foot to birdie the last and join Fowler at the top of the leaderboard.
American Robert Garrigus hit the shot of the day at the driveable par-four 17th, almost making a rare albatross.
Their tee shot landed short of the green and the ball bounded forward and clattered against the pin, but somehow did not drop in, settling a couple of inches way. They settled for an eagle and finished the day eight strokes behind.
World number three Jordan Spieth missed the cut by one shot, the American finishing on even-par 142 to suffer their first weekend off since last May.
By Hayden Wright
A trailer has been released for the next sequence of Carpool Karaoke videos, and the lineup is stellar. The CBS late-night segment will stream on Apple Music in a similar format, but with new guests and even crazier moments behind the wheel. The concept, which has broken YouTube records and dominated social media, remains as simple and delightful as ever. Only this time, a rotating cast of celebrities will replace James Corden.
Related: Adele's ‘Carpool Karaoke' is the Most Popular Viral Video of 2016
Here are the moments we're most excited for:
Metallica making their headbanging mark on Rihanna's “Diamonds” with Billy Eichner.
John Legend duetting on with Alicia Keys on their breakout hit, “Falling.”
Ariana Grande belting the Little Shop of Horrors soundtrack with Seth MacFarlane.
James Corden's return with Will Smith — they rap the Fresh Prince theme!
Chelsea Handler slinging whiskey and singing Bon Jovi's “Living on a Prayer” with Blake Shelton.
Corden also presides over an epic, R. Kelly-inspired key change for the Carpool Karaoke franchise — there's a helicopter.
A new installment will drop on Apple Music each week and the premiere is “coming soon.”
Watch the preview here:
ROCHESTER, Minn. (AP) — Prosecutors are reviewing charges against a man held for fatally stabbing two men at a Salvation Army apartment building in Minnesota.
Police say the 53-year-old man was intoxicated when they killed the men following an argument at Castleview Apartments in Rochester, a building that provides housing for the homeless, disabled and those with mental health issues.
The man was arrested shortly after the stabbings Saturday night as they tried to leave the building through a back stairway. The Olmsted County Attorney's Office was reviewing the case Monday and expected to file charges Tuesday. The suspect was being held on two tentative counts of second-degree murder.
Police say the victims, 57-year-old Phillip William Hicks and 45-year-old Eric Alan Flemming, were stabbed in the chest and upper abdomen. Both lived in the building.
By Nikayla Goddard, February 14 2017 —
Too busy studying for midterms to cook a romantic candle-lit dinner? Did you forget Valentine's Day, despite the fact that your significant other has been hinting about something special coming up for the past few weeks? Here are some post-Valentine's Day date ideas to make up for it.
The Glow Downtown Winter Light Festival from Feb. 17–20 is the perfect way to get lit with your love. From 6:30–11:00 p.m., the core of the city will be filled with art installations, projections and various theatre experiences all related to the theme of ‘glow.'
If you want to try your hand at some do-it-yourself art, try taking your date to a glassblowing class, presented by Glass House Collective. There's nothing like some hot liquid glass to get your heart pumping!
Want more reasons to celebrate your special someone every day? Throughout this month, National on 17th Ave. has introduced FeBREWary — a 28-day celebration of local breweries and brewers. Each day highlights a different brewery, along with samples, specials, and events like the Brewer's Brunch on Feb. 19.
Comments
Construction industry, meanwhile, is cautiously optimistic about how the project will look
Site C work camp construction nears completion in April 2016. Called Two Rivers Lodge, the camp cost $470 million to build and operate and is a self-contained community with an 800-seat dining room, hair salon, gym, movie theatre and private room accommodations. (B.C. Hydro)
Environmental groups denounced Premier John Horgan as they announced Monday the province would continue to build the Site C dam.
The Wilderness Committee told Black Press they were “massively disappointed” with what they called the NDP's “flip-flopping” on the now-$10.7-billion northern B.C. megaproject.
“We can only come to the conclusion that Horgan was lobbied extensively by some of the construction unions,” said national campaign director Joe Foy.
READ: Site C dam goes ahead, cost estimate now up to $10.7 billion
According to the organization, the Site C dam could flood 83 kilometres of the Peace River from near Fort St. John upstream to Hudson's Hope, contaminating fish stocks, and remove farmland from the Agricultural Land Reserve.
Foy took issue with the province's claim that it would have cost $4 billion to halt the project, as well as Horgan's stance that that money could not be paid back over time.
“We believe that is grossly overestimated,” they said. “All that dam can do, unlike the hole in the ground which just sits there, is lost us hundreds of millions of dollars every year it operates.”
They said the NDP's decision could change B.C.'s political landscape as NDP voters who may feel betrayed move away from the party. Horgan had campaigned earlier this year on a promise to review, not kill, the dam, but they had criticized the BC Liberals' approach to the project in the past.
More lawsuits expected
Court challenges, Foy said, are likely coming both from environmental and First Nations groups.
“I think rolling over First Nations in this way is unacceptable,” they said. “I think we will begin to see the effects of protests.”
Amnesty International called Horgan's decision “a blatant betrayal of their government's commitments to uphold the rights of Indigenous peoples.”
The group called foul on the province's claim that it was too late to stop the project and said the West Moberly and Prophet River First Nations will continue their legal efforts.
‘We are relieved'
Meanwhile, the Independent Contractors and Businesses Association celebrated the thousands of jobs they believe will be kept and created by continuing work on Site C.
Spokesperson Jordan Bateman said all the extra time the NDP government took to have the dam reviewed was unnecessary, only to have Horgan ultimately go forward.
READ: BC Utilities Commission completes Site C report
Bateman said they also don't buy the province's new $10.7-billion estimated price tag. When it was approved by the then-Liberal government in 2014, the project was estimated at $8.8 billion.
“You have one analysis done in six weeks that says it could run over budget,” they said. “Frankly, the overruns that the NDP are planning for here are going to be caused by the NDP.”
@katslepian
katya.slepian@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Experts note that raising strong children require a strong community. That's what residents get at Quenda Hammond Park — a lovely home in the midst of a warm, tight-knit neighbourhood.
[HAMMOND PARK, 31/05/2018] – Quenda Hammond Park makes homeownership a dream within reach. It offers lovely house and land packages in Hammond Park, Perth. The company partners with trusted home builders in the city to construct sturdy yet stylish homes that can accommodate various family sizes and diverse lifestyles.
Moreover, the houses belong to a tight-knit community, where residents can meet new friends and raise a family.
A Community's Role in Child-Rearing
Raisingchildren.net.au, an Australian parenting website, says that the community is integral to raising a well-rounded child. The extended family and friends strengthen a child's sense of belonging, while the neighbourhood creates a warm atmosphere and provides opportunities for the child to build skills and follow interests.
A child who is connected to friends and the community feels secure and has people they can go to when they need help, apart from their parents and siblings.
The Community at Quenda Hammond Park
Quenda Hammond Park is a community of choice for rearing well-rounded kids. It provides charming houses and lots in the midst of a close-knit neighbourhood. It also offers beautiful streetscapes, playgrounds and parks that bring community members together.
The houses are nothing short of spacious, and residents can customise them further. They can add patios, pools, game rooms and even home theatres. “Lots that are larger on average than others in the area means Quenda is your home of possibilities,” says its website.
Moreover, the houses are a hop, skip and a jump away from vital institutions like childcare facilities, kindergartens and primary, secondary and tertiary schools. They're also near fitness clubs, train stations and medical centres. Entertainment is not a problem — Perth boasts various amusement parks, aquatic centres, shopping hubs, bars and restaurants, nature reserves and more.
With elegant, spacious homes and a great community, Quenda Hammond Park is a great place to raise a family.
About Quenda Hammond Park
Quenda Hammond Park is a property development that offers stunning house and land packages in Hammond Park, Perth. It takes pride in its a tight-knit community that's near educational facilities, hospitals, recreational places and other important institutions.
For more information, visit https://quendaliving.com.au/.
UPDATE: On Tuesday, May 30, Richmond County investigators confirmed that the body recovered Sunday in McCormick County is Andrew Cato, IV. Their body was identified by dental records.
Investigators have found the body of a man that may be Andrew Cato, IV, who has been missing from Augusta for nearly one month.
On Sunday, May 27, investigators received information that the remains of Andrew Cato, IV may be located in McCormick County. The Richmond County Sheriff's Office, working with the McCormick County Sheriff's Office and SLED, responded to a wooded area where they recovered human remains.
Cato's family tells FOX 54 that the body found in McCormick County is Andrew Cato, IV. However, law enforcement officials cannot confirm this until proper identification can be done. The body will sent to the South Carolina crime lab for identification.
FOX 54 will continue to follow this story and provide updates when more information becomes available.
Copyright 2018 WFXG. All rights reserved.
PARIS: Lionel Messi has overtaken Cristiano Ronaldo as the highest earner in world football while Jose Mourinho tops the managers' chart, according to France Football magazine.
The Barcelona attacker is a long way ahead in the figures for the current season, pulling in 126 million euros ($154M) in salary, bonuses and commercial revenue while their great Real Madrid rival is making 94M euros.
Last season ‘CR7' led with 87.5M euros with Messi on 76.5M euros.
That works out at 25,000 euros per minute pitch time this season for Messi in La Liga, the Champions League, the Spanish Cup and Supercup and four international appearances for Argentina this season, and assuming they play all of Barcelona's five remaining games.
The two players who have split the last 10 Ballons d'Or are followed by Paris Saint-Germain's Brazilian star Neymar on 81.5M euros in the calculations to be published by France Football on Tuesday and released to AFP Monday.
There is a big gap to Ronaldo's Real teammate Gareth Bale on 44M euros and Barça defender Gerard Pique on 29M euros.
Among coaches, Manchester United's Mourinho remains the biggest earner with 26M euros.
Next comes China boss Marcello Lippi on 23M euros, follwoed by Diego Simeone at Atletico Madrid, Zinedine Zidane, who has won the last two Champions League titles at Real and Pep Guardiola, who has just led Manchester City to the English Premier League.
Top 5 player earners (gross wages, bonuses and commercial revenue in the 2017-2018 season):
1. Lionel Messi (ARG/Barcelona): 126M euros, 2. Cristiano Ronaldo (POR/Real Madrid: 94M euros, 3. Neymar (BRA/Paris Saint-Germain): 81.5M euros, 4. Gareth Bale (WAL/Real Madrid): 44M euros, 5. Gerard Pique (ESP/Barcelona): 29M euros
Top 5 coaches (gross wages, bonuses and commercial revenue in the 2017-2018 season):
1. Jose Mourinho (POR/Manchester United): 26M euros, 2. Marcello Lippi (ITA/China): 23M euros, 3. Diego Simeone (ARG/Atletico Madrid): 22M euros, 4. Zinedine Zidane (FRA/Real Madrid): 21M euros, 5. Pep Guardiola (ESP/Manchester City): 20M euros. AFP
This is a tale of two presidents — the one we hope we have and the one we actually have. It is also a tale of two kinds of violence — the surgical and the indiscriminate — and how the latter blurs the distinction between self-defense and something far more sinister.
This story began last year, when the White House told The New York Times that President Barack Obama was personally overseeing a “kill list” and an ongoing drone bombing campaign against alleged terrorists, including U.S. citizens. Back then, much of the public language was carefully crafted to reassure us that our country's military power was not being abused.
In The Times' report — which was carefully sculpted by Obama administration leaks — the newspaper characterized the bombing program as “targeted killing” with “precision weapons.” It additionally described “the care that Mr. Obama and their counterterrorism chief take in choosing targets” and claimed that as “a student of writings on war by Augustine and Thomas Aquinas, Obama believes that they should take moral responsibility” for making sure such strikes are as precise as possible.
The unstated deal being offered to America was simple: Accept a president claiming unprecedented despotic authority in exchange for that president promising to comport themselves as an enlightened despot — one who seeks to limit the scope of America's ongoing violence.
Many of Obama's partisan supporters would never have agreed to such a bargain if the executive in question were a Republican. They would have expressed outrage at news that, according to The Times, the president was “count(ing) all military-age males in a strike zone as combatants” even when those males happen to be innocent civilians. But because it was a Democratic commander in chief, most liberals tacitly agreed to the deal, reassuring themselves that this was a president who would only use violence in the most narrow ways.
That, though, brings us to the second part of this parable — the part that unfolded earlier this month when blood-soaked reality crashed the myth. In this latter chapter, we learned that Obama isn't personally overseeing “targeted” killing; they are evidently overseeing indiscriminate killing.
That was the key discovery in NBC News correspondent Richard Engel's report finding that “the CIA did not always know who it was targeting and killing in drone strikes” approved by Obama. Employing so-called “signature strikes,” Obama has been authorizing the assassination of people “based on their patterns of behavior” according to Engel — that is, based simply on where a person “meets individuals, makes phone calls and sends emails.” In all, the identities of up to a quarter of those assassinated were unknown at the time that Obama's drone strikes went forward.
The deep-thinking moralist that we were told was in the White House might look at this and worry that in fighting terrorism we have resorted to engaging in terrorism. After all, deliberately killing people without regard for their identity seems like an effort to terrorize a whole population. Indeed, as last week's stunning new video series by documentarian Robert Greenwald illustrates, such violence seems eerily similar to the kind of terrorism that our government publicly decries.
But, then, that's this saga's big reveal. In embracing such tactics, this parable's main character shows that they probably aren't the pious Aquinas-loving saint their aides present them as and that many hoped they would be. This story instead increasingly looks like a cautionary tale about a wholly unenlightened authoritarian who displays little concern about which particular lives they are choosing to end.
This, of course, is not a particularly new or unique story. It is, in fact, the oldest story in human history: the story of how power corrupts and how absolute power corrupts absolutely.
— David Sirota is the best-selling author of Back to Our Future: How the 1980s Explain the World We Live In Now and blogs at OpenLeft.com. Contact them at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) , follow them on Twitter: @davidsirota, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are their own.
A 28-year-old man was arrested this morning following a serious sectarian assault in Portadown during which a man was dragged from their car and beaten.
The assault in Bridge St happened last Sunday afternoon left two men in hospital.
A woman and a two month old baby were in the car at the time of the incident.
Police said the 28-year-old man was arrested in the Lurgan area on suspicion of a number of offences including common assault, assault occasioning actual bodily harm and criminal damage.  They are currently in custody, assisting police with enquiries.
Tensions have been heightened in the Portadown area following the early lighting of two bonfires in Edenderry and Killicomaine.
Police are appealing for witnesses and information following the report of an assault in the Bridge Street area of Portadown on Sunday, 1 July.
Chief Inspector Jon Burrows said: “We received a report at approximately 3:25pm that a male passenger, aged in their 20s, was dragged by a number of males from the blue-coloured Renault Clio they were in, which had stopped at traffic lights. It was also reported the male driver, also aged in their 20s, was assaulted.
“Both men were treated at hospital for their injuries, which are not believed to life threatening at this time. A woman and a toddler who were in the Renault Clio were not injured.
“It was also reported to police that damage was caused to the Renault Clio's windscreen and bodywork.
“Police attended the scene and subsequently arrested a 15-year-old male nearby on suspicion of a number of offences, including assault occasioning actual bodily harm and criminal damage. They have been released on bail, pending further enquiries.
“I am appealing to anyone who was in the area between 3:20pm and 3:25pm yesterday and witnessed the assault, or any drivers who have a dash cam fitted to their vehicle to check their footage.
“Anyone with information they believe could assist our investigation is asked to contact police on the non emergency number 101, quoting reference number 1114 of 01/07/18. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 which is 100% anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”
Woman applies a FULL FACE of makeup to look "glamorous" during labour
Giving birth to a child is the most cherished moment of any woman's life, so this mum-to-be wanted to look them very best for the occasion.
Beauty blogger Lee Anne Jareell wanted to make sure they were camera ready for their labour and applied a full face of makeup from their hospital bed.
The glamorous mummy-to-be carried an entire makeup kit which consisted of twenty makeup brushes as they filmed an hour-long VLOG during labour.
Opting for a full face of foundation, blusher, highlighter, lipstick and the notoriously tricky smokey eye, Lee Ann told The Sun: "I just wanted to look glamorous in the pictures of me giving birth."
Credit: Lee Ann Jarrell/Instagram
While most mothers are writhing in pain, Lee Ann was expertly applying their face which included countered cheeks and power brows.
Lee Anne has a Youtube channel with over 5,000 followers, and made sure to keep their subscribers up to date with their 4 am beauty regime.
They admitted that they feel "ugly" without them a full face of make up and goes to extreme lengths to keep fresh faced including trying "not to sweat or sometimes even smile."
Credit: Lee Ann Jarrell/Instagram
However, it sees like the birth of their sixth-month-old daughter Olivia has given the self-conscious blogger a fresh perspective, but they still defend their decision to glam up for them labour.
"I realised that being a mum was the only thing that mattered to me and once we got home from the hospital, I decided I didn't need to wear so much cover-up all the time time," they explain.
"Birth is a beautiful thing for a woman, the most natural thing in the world, but there is nothing wrong with wanting to look good yourself, wanting to add some sparkle."
The Islamic State group today claimed responsibility for the New Year's attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people and wounded scores of others.
Turkish police meanwhile detained eight people in connection to the attack but were still hunting for the gunman who disappeared amid the chaos of the attack.
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the attack was carried out by a "heroic soldier of the caliphate" who attacked the nightclub "where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast".
It said the man fired an automatic rifle and also detonated hand grenades in "revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders" of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The group described Turkey as "the servant of the cross" and also suggested it was in retaliation for Turkish military offensives against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq.
Turkey's state-run Anadolu Agency said eight people were taken into custody by Istanbul anti-terrorism squads and they are being questioned at Istanbul's main police headquarters. It did not provide further information on the suspects.
Earlier, Turkish media reports had said that Turkish authorities believed the ISIS group was behind the attack and that the gunman, who is still at large, is likely to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
According to the Hurriyet and Karar newspapers, police had also established similarities with the high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell could have carried out both attacks.
The gunman killed a police officer and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before entering and firing with an automatic rifle at an estimated 600 people partying inside.
Victims from many nations
Nearly two-thirds of the dead in the upscale club, which is frequented by local celebrities, were foreigners, Turkey's Anadolu Agency said. Many of them hailed from the Middle East.
Citing Justice Ministry officials, Anadolu reported that 38 of the 39 dead have been identified. The report said 11 of them were Turkish nationals, and one was a Turkish-Belgian dual citizen.
The report says seven victims were from Saudi Arabia; three each were from Lebanon and Iraq; two each were from Tunisia, India, Morocco and Jordan. Kuwait, Canada, Israel, Syria and Russia each lost one citizen.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by "taking advantage of the chaos" that ensued.
A search is due to resume this morning for a fisherman swept out to sea at Lake Ferry on the Wairarapa coast yesterday afternoon.
Police say the fisherman went underwater and did not resurface while attempting to cross the Ruamahanga River mouth at round 2.30pm.
They were wearing fishing waders at the time.
Lake Ferry, Wairarapa. Source: Wikimedia Commons/ Celia WB
Members of the public informed police who launched a search and rescue operation.
Extensive searches by air and boat were undertaken, however, the man was not located.
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
A review aimed at reforming rape and sexual assault trials is to be completed before the end of the summer.
The review, which is focusing on improving the protection of victims' rights during trial, was initiated last month by Minister for Justice Charlie Flanagan, who said the court system must not be a “cold and distant” place for complainants.
This followed the acquittal of rugby players Paddy Jackson and Stuart Olding of rape charges in Belfast in March. The men's trial and the treatment in court of the complainant resulted in protests across the island calling for reform of the systems, both north and south.
On Wednesday, Mr Flanagan told The Irish Times they expect to issue a preliminary report on the issue “over the course of the summer months”.
The Minister has already met women's and victims' rights groups, including the Rape Crisis Network and Women's Aid, and members of the legal profession, to canvass their views on reform. “I gathered very useful evidence from them. I want to acknowledge their engagement with me,” they said.
Among the issues being examined is the provision of legal aid to victims to allow them their own legal representation during the trial. Currently a complainant in a trial is only a witness for the prosecution and has no special status or right to counsel, except if their past sexual history is being raised.
Women's groups say a separate lawyer representing the victim could intervene to protect their rights and welfare, including in the face of aggressive cross-examination by defence counsel.
Pre-recorded evidence
Other considerations include allowing victims to pre-record their evidence so they don't have to face their alleged attackers in court, and the provision of specialist training for gardaí and lawyers dealing with rape complaints.
Mr Flanagan said on Wednesday that two categories of changes are being considered. The first involves policy and procedural changes, which could be introduced quickly without the need for legislation. These include reforms to court procedures “to ensure that level of discomfort for vulnerable witnesses can be eased”.
The provision of a screen to shield the victim in court and training for gardaí and lawyers would fall into this category.
The second category involves legislative changes, which would take longer. For example, providing separate legal representation for complainants would require its own legislation as well as significant increases to the legal aid budget.
Authorities in Northern Ireland have also announced a review of procedures there, including the introduction of anonymity for those accused of rape, which is already in place in the Republic.
Retired judge John Gillen is leading the review in Northern Ireland and is expected to report in January.
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Not all recent vehicle attacks have been linked to terror groups, says Candyce Kelshall
Preventing people from using vehicles as deadly weapons is a difficult task for law enforcement officials, experts say.
Cars, trucks and vans have been used to ram people more than a dozen times around the world in recent years, often with deadly results similar to those in northern Toronto on Monday.
Federal Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said Monday night what happened does not appear to be connected to national security, but they called the incident a “horrific attack.”
Not all recent vehicle attacks have been linked to terror groups, says Candyce Kelshall, an adjunct professor with the terrorism, risk and security studies program at Simon Fraser University in Burnaby, B.C.
They say there have been at least three incidents in Germany in recent years where people have driven cars into groups or buildings, but did not have any connection with Islamic State militants or other terrorist organizations.
Regardless of the motive, it's tough to stop someone from using a vehicle to kill, Kelshall says.
READ MORE: Toronto van attack suspect faces 10 counts of first-degree murder
READ MORE: Officer's actions ‘one shining moment' after Toronto van attack
“You can't stop people driving cars or walking on streets,” they say. “It's a difficult to thing to police.”
Vehicles are a popular weapon because they're accessible, says Alex Wilner, an assistant professor with Carleton University's Norman Paterson school of international affairs in Ottawa.
“It's deadly, it's easy and it's cheap. So, if you put the math together, it doesn't take a lot to kill people,” they say.
Cities are increasingly looking for ways to place barriers between vehicles and pedestrians, Wilner says.
In some places, garbage and fire trucks are being put in place at entrances to festivals or markets, they add.
Similar safety measures were in effect in Toronto on Monday night, with streets closed near the Air Canada Centre where the Maple Leafs were playing an NHL playoff game.
Wilner says several vehicles used in recent attacks have been rentals and there may be some appetite for creating a registry to help prevent similar occurrences. What a registry or database would look like is unclear, they add.
Mubin Shaikh, an expert on counterterrorism, says they think a no rental list would be a reactive measure that would have minimal impact.
If there are restrictions on rentals, people can still borrow or steal vehicles, they note.
“A criminal will try to take whatever they can, however they can,” they say.
“Will it deter the determined attacker? Probably not.”
Shaikh, who is from Toronto, said they heard about Monday's tragedy after landing at an air force base in Germany where they were scheduled to give a briefing on attacks using vehicles.
“Unfortunately, this is the reality in which we live nowadays,” they said, adding that he's become hyper-vigilant when walking down the street and is constantly looking for cement planters or pillars that they could hide behind if a vehicle jumps the curb.
“At the end of the day, it's impossible (to prevent). We live in an open society and vehicles are in our proximity all the time. That's normal city life.”
Gemma Karstens-Smith, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Hamilton City Council chief executive Richard Briggs says they took five weeks to visit the family of an employee zookeeper killed by a tiger in 2015.
"I was a green CEO, I had been CEO for nine months," Briggs told Waikato Institute of Directors members at a roadshow on "critical risk" by the Business Leaders Health and Safety Forum and WorkSafe.
"Everyone else had been to visit, people said don't worry about it, we've got it covered, but it was my responsibility as the employer of Sam (Kudeweh) to show up... it was a mindset issue," Briggs said in a frank recollection of the tragedy that forced the council to radically change its approach to managing health and safety risk.
Sam Kudeweh was killed by a tiger at the zoo. Photo / Supplied
The city council pleaded guilty in June 2016 to negligence leading to the fatal mauling of senior zookeeper Samantha Kudeweh on September 20 2015 by the council-owned zoo's adult Sumatran tiger. The court imposed a $38,250 fine and $10,000 reparation to their children, while noting the council had already made a $116,000 payment.
Advertisement
Briggs said the council was "crumbling" emotionally after the death.
"Initially we very much said this isn't our fault. The challenge was very much about trying to console the organisation as well. We thought that by saying we didn't do this, it was an unfortunate accident and implied a little bit (that) it was Sam's fault, it would actually help console people.
"The bottom line is that everyone deserves the opportunity to go to work and go home... we failed in that duty regardless of whether or not Sam made a mistake. There was more stuff we should have done, even if they had made a mistake, to make sure they survived.
"People were calling out for us to apologise and take responsibility. We didn't do that straight away. That was a learning I took on board - again the mindset wasn't quite right.
"I'm telling you these things because I'm hoping in some shape and form it convinces you there's a serious part (in risk management) in terms of mindset."
Briggs said they had a "heartwrenching" moment when Samantha's husband Richard, then also employed by the zoo, approached him.
"(He said) why didn't you come to visit me? All I wanted to hear you say was that you cared and you were supporting me."
Briggs said the council's whole mindset about workplace risk and safety had changed since the accident, driven by their personal mindset switch.
"There's a risk that when you write things down (risks) you think you've managed them. It's definitely a mindset that once you identify a risk you think you know it. I don't think I had the mindset to be a chief executive managing the risk in an organisation this large and complex."
The council, which has 26 business units and 1100 staff, brought in consultants PwC to help improve risk management.
Briggs said immediately after the tragedy, the organisation became so fearful of something going wrong, it was at risk of becoming paralysed.
"I was reviewing everything, reading (every report) into the night. I was doing site visits left right and centre.
"That's the wrong mindset because ultimately you are depowering the organisation, upsetting the culture you are trying to build."
Chelsea striker Diego Costa is ready to pen a new £57million five-year contract after turning down a big-money move to China. (The Sun)
Germany goalkeeper Manuel Neuer dismissed speculation linking them to Manchester City, saying that there has been “no contact” between themselves and former Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola. (The Independent)
Tottenham defender Danny Rose has snubbed £14.5m-a-year offer from Shanghai SIPG to stay at White Hart Lane and win trophies. (The Sun)
Atletico Madrid's highly-rated forward Antoine Griezmann has moved to cool speculation that they are set for a summer switch to Manchester United, admitting that they has ‘doubts' about moving the England. (Daily Mirror)
Out of favour winger Nolito has been warned they need to improve their performances on the training pitch if they want to return to first team action at Manchester City. (Daily Mail)
Jose Mourinho will sit down with Swedish striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic to discuss their Manchester United future this week. (The Sun)
Manchester United failed with an £84m swoop for Thomas Muller last summer, according to Bayern Munich's Jan-Christian Dreeson. (Daily Star)
Chelsea and Tottenham are ready to pounce for Isco after Real Madrid stalled contract talks with the Spanish playmaker until the end of the season. The 24-year-old's current deal expires at the end of next season. (The Sun)
West Ham midfielder Mark Noble has opened up on their football future, admitting they cannot see themselves playing for another club between now and the time they retire from the game. (Daily Mail)
Manchester United are interested in making a move for Croatian midfielder Milan Badelj after scouting the Fiorentina star earlier this month. (The Sun)
Tottenham will make another attempt to lure Crystal Palace star Wilfried Zaha to White Hart Lane in the summer. (Daily Express)
Arsenal, Watford and Lazio are set to battle it out for the signature of teenage Toulouse star Alban Lafont. The highly-rated 18-year-old goalkeeper has been a sensation in Ligue 1 and has caught the eye of several clubs. (Various)
A burglar climbed into a flat through a window and then punched a man inside before stealing their games console and mobile phone.
Derby Crown Court head that the victim, who was visiting the householder, was alone in the property when they heard noises outside the window.
As they went to the window, Adam Perkins made their way inside and asked the man where the householder was before punching them in the face once.
(Image: Derbyshire police)
Sarah Slater, prosecuting, said: “The punch caused the victim to fall back on to their ankle which had recently been broken.
“The defendant asked them [the victim] how much their watch was worth and then took their mobile phone from him.
“He picked up an Xbox that the victim had taken to the flat and handed it to a female who was outside the window.
“He also took three of four pouches of tobacco that belonged to the victim along with Xbox games which they also gave to the female through the window.
“The female then said to the defendant ‘the police are here' to which they replied ‘I am not going back (to prison).”
Miss Slater said Perkins, 26, was arrested and, in their police interview, denied being responsible saying they were not in the flat when the burglary took place.
They were later charged with robbery but pleaded guilty to a lesser charge of burglary which was accepted by the prosecution after they consulted with the victim.
The court was told how Perkins's previous convictions included offences such as criminal damage, common assault, possession of an offensive weapon and possession of drugs.
Jailing them for two years and three months, Judge Nirmal Shant QC said: “You do not see yourself as a burglar because you do not have that on your record but what you did on that day was to enter somebody's property and, in order to do that, you use violence to get the property you wanted to get.
“The victim was in a place they were entitled to be minding their own business when you punched them to the face and stole their belongings.”
The incident took place at a flat in Heath Court, in St Augustine's Crescent, Chesterfield, on July 4.
Digby Johnson, for Perkins, of Chester Street, Chesterfield, said their client had gone there with the female because they were owed money by the man who lived at the address.
They said: “He enters the property and strikes them once. It is not something that should have happened and it is something they are going to be punished for.
“He's a young man that has led a disordered life. They went to Chesterfield College and studied building, getting work with companies such as Travis Perkins but the work was sporadic.
“There is considerable friction within their family and they often find themselves homeless or staying with friends.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gianfranco Zola will be without their two most influential midfielders for Birmingham City's Championship clash with Queen's Park Rangers.
Craig Gardner's sending off at Preston on Tuesday night means they join David Davis as suspended for what could be a vital match for Blues' season.
Both will be back for the trip to Molineux but before then the Blues boss must come up with a solution to their latest selection poser.
Clearly that depends on what system they go with - the 4-3-1-2 - they started with at Deepdale - or the 3-5-2 they changed to at half time.
Here are their options.
Robert Tesche
Playing with three central midfielders in front of the back four in a 4-3-1-2 could see Robert Tesche come in as a direct replacement for Gardner, to play alongside Maikel Kieftenbeld and Stephen Gleeson. Tesche could also operate in a 3-5-2. The least disruptive option.
Krystian Bielik
(Photo: EMPICS Sport)
Zola could also opt to play Bielik as a defensive midfielder - just a few days after they made their debut as a centre back.
Bielik came through the Legia Warsaw system in that position before they moved to Arsenal. At 6ft 2ins the Gunners see their future in central defence but Zola could take the view needs must.
Gary Rowett started Rob Kiernan's Blues career in a similar position at Brighton a couple of years ago.
Kerim Frei
(Photo: EMPICS Sport)
If Zola opts for a 3-5-2 they could decide to play Frei in a slightly more advanced role with two of Gleeson, Kieftenbeld and Tesche just behind him. Emilio Nsue and Cheick Keita would operate as wing backs as they did at Preston.
Corey O'Keeffe
(Photo: BCFC)
The 18-year-old has been an unused substitute in the last couple of matches having had a very impressive first half of the season.
So impressive in fact Rowett gave them a senior debut at Newcastle in December.
O'Keeffe is probably better as a right-sided player but they have operated centrally for the Under 23s.
I am quite excited about the launching of the new M3 and M4 irons. Honestly, I am a great fan of TaylorMade golf clubs and it would really be nice to test them soon.
The M3 and M4 irons will be launched tentatively on February 21 at the Philippine Army Golf Course in Fort Bonifacio, Taguig City. The M3 and M4 drivers, fairway woods and hybrids will be launched as well.
Let me tell you more about the M3 irons.
Designed for distance
The M3 irons were designed to offer more distance, forgiveness, and control for the serious golfer. The RIBCOR TECHNOLOGY was introduced as a breakthrough innovation in irons performance. The RibCOR was designed to help you hit it longer, higher, and straighter. RibCOR allows face flexibility, therefore, transferring more energy to the ball to increase ball speed and promote straighter shots.
Speed pocket and face slots
The Speed Pocket technology improves low-face flexibility to deliver more ball speed in the key area where golfers commonly mishit. While the Face Slots enhance face flexibility in the heel and toe areas to preserve ball speed on mishits for greater consistency.
Tungsten weight
A 15-gram tungsten weight was added to optimize the CG placement for improved launch and stability.
“We packed this iron with our key performance technologies such as RibCOR, Face Slots, Speed Pocket, 180 Fluted Hosels, and tungsten weighting in a very low-CG package intended for the better player looking for more distance. The shaping has been modified as compared to prior models in this category. The M3 iron features a smaller profile, thinner sole, topline, and new leading edge to inspire confidence and allow for precision where it matters most” said Tomo Bystedt, Taylor Made senior director of product creation.
Specifications
For men, the M3 irons come with a steel True Temper XP-100, stiff and regular shafts. It also comes with a graphite MRC Tensei Blue shaft (S-80, R-70, A-70). The grip is a Lamkin UTx Cord with a .580 Round Grey Capor Black. Youcan have a choice that ranges from 3-9 irons, PW, AW and SW.
M4 Irons
The M4 irons were designed to have straighter shots combined with distance and forgiveness. It is by far the longest in TaylorMade's irons lineup.
The RibCor technology is also integrated to help you hit it longer, higher, and straighter. The RibCor also allows the M4's face more flexible, transferring more energy to the ball to increase ball speed and promote straighter shots.
Speed pocket and face slots
Just like the M3, speed pocket technology improves low-face flexibility to deliver more ball speed in the key area where golfers commonly mishit. The face slots enhance face flexibility in the heel and toe areas to preserve ball speed on mishits for greater consistency.
Low CG design
The Fluted Hosel and 360° Undercut technologies produce discretionary weight that has been relocated low in the clubhead to improve launch, spin, and forgiveness, for the M4 irons.
With our new RIBCOR technology, the M4 unlocks a new level of consistency and accuracy in a product designed to be the longest in our irons lineup. Combined with our thinnest face (1.5mm), our ultra-thin leading edge, and our thin walled SpeedPocket, M4 iron produces golf shots that are not only long, but incredibly accurate,” Bysledt said.
The M4 comes in with a selection of 4-9 irons, PW, AW, SW and LW. The men's graphite shaft is a Fujikura Atmos Red (7-S, 6-R, 5-A). While the men's steel shaft is aKBS MAX 85 (Stiff and Regular). The grip is a TaylorMade DualFeel 46.5g at 0.600.
Crusaders' Gavin Whyte picked up the Ulster Footballer of the Year accolade after scoring 21 goals going into the final day of the Danske Bank Premiership.
The winger has made a major contribution to Stephen Baxter's side as the Crues challenge for the Gibson Cup along with Coleraine in a thrilling head-to-head that has gone down to the wire.
Whyte got the verdict for the top gong ahead of team-mate Billy Joe Burns, with Coleraine trio Chris Johns, Jamie McGonigle and Stephen O'Donnell plus Cliftonville's Joe Gormley also in the frame.
Crusaders will play Ballymena United away on Saturday, with Coleraine also facing an away test on the final day against Glenavon.
In the Young Player of the Year category, Glenavon's Mark Sykes received the award.
The Lurgan Blues can secure third place in the league if they manage to beat title hopefuls Coleraine on Saturday.
Lauren Perry received the inaugural Women's Player award after a magnificent season.
The Linfield goalkeeper, who is 17, joined the club in 2017 and played their role in the team's title success in their maiden season.
Perry is already established as a Northern Ireland international after making their debut against Norway in September last year.
A special award was presented to BBC Sport commentator Jackie Fullerton, who received the Dr Malcolm Brodie Lifetime Achievement award.
The Disability Footbalaler of the Year trophy went to Charlie Fogarty, who has represented Northern Ireland at two Cerebral Palsy World Cups.
The awards ceremony was held at the Titanic Hotel in Belfast.
WASHINGTON — A Trump administration official says U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia has deployed a cruise missile in violation of a Cold War-era arms control treaty.
The alleged violation complicates the outlook for U.S.-Russia relations amid turmoil on President Donald Trump's national security team.
The Obama administration three years ago accused the Russians of violating the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty by developing and testing the cruise missile. Officials had anticipated that Moscow eventually would deploy it.
Russia denies it has violated the INF Treaty. An administration official who wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly said intelligence agencies assessed the missile became operational late last year.
The missile deployment was first reported by The New York Times.
Related Video:
WASHINGTON (AP) — Federal health officials are cracking down on underage use of a popular e-cigarette brand following months of complaints from parents, politicians and school administrators.
The Food and Drug Administration said Tuesday it has issued warnings to 40 retail and online stores as part of a nationwide operation against illegal sales of Juul to children.
FDA regulators also are asking manufacturer Juul Labs to turn over documents about the design, marketing and ingredients of its devices. The rare request particularly focuses on whether certain product features are directly appealing to young people.
Like other e-cigarettes, Juul is an electronic device that turns liquid — usually containing nicotine — into an inhalable vapor. Thanks in part to its resemblance to a small computer flash drive, Juul has become popular with some teenagers as a discreet way to vape at school and in public.
Advertisement
Health advocates have worried about the popularity of vaping products among kids and the potential impact on adult smoking rates in the future. A recent government-commissioned report found "substantial evidence" that young people who use e-cigarettes are more likely to try cigarettes.
FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb said the agency plans additional actions in coming weeks.
"This isn't the only product that we're looking at, and this isn't the only action we're going to be taking to target youth access to tobacco products, and e-cigarettes, in particular," Gottlieb said in an interview.
Juul sales have exploded over the past two years and the brand now accounts for 55 percent of the U.S. market for e-cigarettes, according to industry figures. That's up from just 5 percent of the market in 2016.
The San Francisco-based company said in a statement it agrees with the FDA that underage of its products is "unacceptable."
"We already have in place programs to identify and act upon these violations at retail and online marketplaces, and we will have more aggressive plans to announce in the coming days," the statement read.
Juul Labs says it monitors retailers to ensure they are following the law. Its age verification system searches public records and sometimes requires customers to upload a photo ID.
E-cigarettes have grown into a $4 billion industry in the U.S. despite little research on their long-term effects, including whether they are helpful in helping smokers quit cigarettes.
That's the sales pitch made by Juul and many other e-cigarette manufacturers: "Juul delivers nicotine satisfaction akin to a cigarette in a format that's as simple and easy to use," states the company's website. A Juul "starter kit" can be ordered online for $49.99. The company's website is intended to only sell to customers ages 21 and up.
The FDA gained authority to regulate e-cigarettes in 2016, but anti-smoking advocates have criticized the agency for not policing the space more aggressively to stop companies from appealing to underage users, particularly with flavors like mango, cool cucumber and creme brulee.
"These are very positive steps and demonstrate that FDA recognizes the problem of youth use is very serious," said Matthew Myers, of the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids. "But they don't address the biggest issue that the FDA is not enforcing its own rules."
Myers' group contends that Juul and several other e-cigarette companies have recently launched new flavors and varieties without seeking FDA authorization. That step is mandatory under the FDA regulations put in place summer of 2016.
___
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
Large crowds turn out to see pyrotechnic displays; no major problems reported
Scroll to the bottom to see video of the Girsh Park fireworks finale.
Tens of thousands of people flocked to fireworks displays Thursday night in Santa Barbara and Goleta as the community celebrated Independence Day.
Santa Barbara's waterfront was jammed with holiday revelers, who ooohed and aaahed at the pyrotechnic display launched from West Beach. The event was sponsored by the city of Santa Barbara and SPARKLE.
Police were kept busy with lots of minor problems — including use of illegal fireworks throughout the South Coast — but no major incidents were reported.
Goleta's Girsh Park was a total family affair, with music, dancing, food and games throughout the afternoon.
The park was filled to near capacity for the Goleta's Rotary's 16th annual fireworks display, which kicked off shortly after 9 p.m.
Although the fog threatened to roll in and reduce visibility, it mostly held off, and attendees were treated to and exciting pyrotechnic display.
No serious incident were reported.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
GirshParkFireworksFinale from Noozhawk on Vimeo.
U.S. President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron pledged on Tuesday to try to resolve U.S.-European differences on Iran but Trump gave no clear signal about whether they would carry out a threat to abandon an international nuclear deal with Tehran.
After lengthy talks at the White House, Macron told a joint news conference with Trump that they had discussed “a new deal” that would strengthen the 2015 accord along the lines Trump wants, such as by addressing Iran's expansion in the Middle East and its ballistic missile program.
But with a deadline on U.S. economic sanctions against Iran looming next month, it was unclear whether the two allies made substantial progress on the future of the nuclear deal, which the West sees as vital to preventing Iran from building a nuclear bomb.
Trump continued their hostile rhetoric toward the nuclear deal, calling it terrible, ridiculous and insane and threatening Iran with repercussions should it restart its nuclear program.
“If Iran threatens us in any way, they will pay a price like few countries have ever paid,” Trump said.
Trump has until May 12 to decide whether to keep the United States in the agreement and is under strong European pressure to remain in it, with Macron saying that while imperfect it holds the best chance of containing Tehran.
The two leaders also discuss Syria with Macron urging Trump to keep U.S. forces there for the time being as bulwark against Iran and to ensure the defeat of Islamic State militants.
Trump did not promise to leave the troops in Syria but made clear they would not be withdrawn imminently.
“We want to come home. We'll be coming home. But we want to leave a strong and lasting footprint,” Trump said.
Iran has said it will ramp up its nuclear program if the deal collapses and a senior Iranian official said on Tuesday that Tehran might quit a treaty designed to stop the spread of nuclear weapons if Trump scraps the agreement.
Under the deal, Iran agreed to curb its nuclear ambitions in return for relief from economic sanctions. Tehran says its nuclear program is only for peaceful means.
Trump said they and Macron could have an agreement soon on the Iran deal. “We could have at least an agreement among ourselves very quickly. I think we're fairly close to understanding each other.”
Trump called the Iran agreement, struck between Iran and world powers, a “terrible deal” that was “insane” and “ridiculous” because it did not deal with ballistic missiles or Iran's involvement in conflicts such as those in Yemen or Syria.
A U.S. withdrawal from the Iran agreement would raise tensions in an already volatile region, possibly prompting an arms race involving Saudi Arabia. Iran says its nuclear program is aimed only at peaceful purposes.
Pulling out of the Iran agreement would also raise questions over how Trump could coerce North Korea into giving up its nuclear weapons. Trump is trying to arrange a summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in late May or early June.
Banner/Thumbnail Credit: REUTERS, Jonathan Ernst
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
A 21-year-old Santa Maria man is facing attempted-murder charges in connection with a stabbing incident Tuesday afternoon at a local motel, according to the Santa Maria Police Department.
Gilbert Godinez was booked into the Santa Barbara County Jail following the attack, which occurred at about 3:45 p.m. at the Budget Inn, 1100 N. Broadway, said Sgt. Jack Dunn.
Officers responding to a report of a fight found the victim with multiple stab wounds to their upper torso, Dunn said.
They were transported to Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital with what were described as non-life-threatening injuries.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Language Consultancy Services Pvt. Ltd. (LCS®) is ISO 9001:2015 certified for quality management systems. Established in 2005 and incorporated as Private Limited Company in 2008, LCS® is a leading global language solutions provider, enabling companies to enter global markets with high quality multilingual products. LCS® strives to deliver reliable and quality Translation Services of global standards that exceed client's expectations.
Magazine & Books Translation:
LCS in engaged in Books, Magazines, Brochures and press releases translated into multiples languages. We work with several publishing houses and companies that require their magazines translated into one or multiple languages. Magazine & Books translations require an array of services that includes translation & localization, transcreation, designing & desktop publishing. Images and graphics may also require localization to reflect cultural preferences and sensitivities. Our designing team is equipped to handle artwork, fonts and layouts to ensure different characters and culture differences are captured truly in the translated magazine. We provide a full package to ensure that your magazine or book perfectly meets your objectives.
Books & Magazines contain varied range of topics from articles, news items, editorial comment, photo stories, review – each with different styles and tone. LCS's handpick native speaking linguists with specialist experience to handle Magazine Translations, preserves the integrity of the source text and author's tone and style.
With LCS's support as a dedicated language partner we support several publishing houses, media companies, printing services to translate their books & magazines for international readers. Our translation service includes:
• Native speaking linguists with experience from publishing houses
• In depth understanding of cultural requirements in target markets
• High quality translations in tight deadlines
• Transcreation of content that requires creativity
• Author's tone, style and brand identity to be preserved
• Designing of translated magazines delivered in your preferred format
• Translations in over 100 languages
Instagram appears to be censoring #stripper and #strippers by hiding content on the "Top posts" tabs under those hashtags. As reported by Jezebel, this censoring isn't new, but it has implications for dancers and sex workers who use the app to connect and organize online.
Related hashtags that were reportedly hidden until recently include: #yesastripper, #stripperstyle, and #stripperlife. They all appear to be operational now, and as of press time, the "recent posts" tabs for #stripper and #strippers appeared to be back up.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
But as Jacq the Stripper, an author and sex work advocate, noticed, some hashtags didn't suffer the same censorship: #Malestripper(s) has remained un-hidden, prompting warranted cries of sexism from within the online dancer and sex work community.
In case you were wondering, #NotAllStrippers are being censored pic.twitter.com/PdmjimDJ12 — Jacq the Stripper (@JacqTheStripper) May 29, 2018
Instagram has yet to comment with an explanation for why these particular hashtags were hidden, when others were not. Some have expressed concern that this is Instagram's gut reaction to FOSTA, or the Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act, which was recently passed. The act holds online platforms (like Instagram) responsible for content related to sex trafficking.
But even fear of FOSTA wouldn't fully explain other hashtags that Instagram is currently hiding. In 2015, users noticed Instagram was censoring and hiding #curvy, and it appears the app is still doing so now. A slew of other random hashtags also appear to be currently hidden, including: #stripclub, #vagina, #breasts, and #boobs.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
If Instagram — a place that strictly prohibits nipples — is trying to monitor nudity (which is a no-go, per its community guidelines), then some of these blocked hashtags make sense. Just for fun, though, here's a list of hashtags that Instagram isn't currently censoring: #penisparty, #malestripper, #fuckfeminism, #fuckwomen, #fuckmen, #fucklgbt, #guns, #gunsofinstagram, #nazi, #nazism, and #kek — a popular meme used among the alt-right.
Each of these hashtags are populated with images, as in, people are using them. Just as Instagram's community guidelines prohibit offering sex work on the app, they also prohibit the buying and selling of firearms. It's also against community guidelines to "encourage violence" or "attack anyone based on their race, ethnicity, national origin, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious affiliation, disability, or diseases."
It's not immediately clear why Instagram would more diligently monitor some hashtags that are commonly used by women and dancers more than others that are commonly used to spew racism, sexism, and hate. According to Instagram's guidelines, none of these things are allowed on its app. Or, technically, there's nothing remotely illegal about stripping, pole dancing, or being #curvy. So monitoring those hashtags feels unnecessary at best, and vaguely sexist at worst.
Instagram has yet to respond to a request for comment. This post will be updated accordingly.
Follow Hannah on Twitter.
FILE- In this July, 21, 2017, file photo, New White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci speaks to members of the media in the Brady Press Briefing room of the White House in Washington. Short-lived White House communications director Scaramucci says if it were up to him, top adviser Steve Bannon would be gone from President Donald Trump's administration. "The Mooch," a few weeks removed from their spectacular flameout following an expletive-laden conversation with a reporter, appeared Monday, Aug. 14, on CBS' "Late Show" with Stephen Colbert. Pablo Martinez Monsivais, File AP Photo
CUSTOMS Commissioner Nicanor Faeldon has maintained that they did not enrich themselves at the Bureau of Customs (BoC).
“I did not ask, I did not accept a single centavo while I'm at the Bureau of Customs,” said Faeldon who was present at the resumption on Tuesday of the Senate inquiry into the illegal entry of P6.4 billion worth of “shabu” (methamphetamine hydrochloride) into the country.
“I really want to find out who these people are, how do they do their shenanigans in the bureau. We will prosecute them,” Faeldon told the blue ribbon committee, which is heading the investigation.
Faeldon missed the last Senate investigation after suffering chest pains. They were confined at the Manila East Medical Center in Taytay. BERNADETTE E. TAMAYO
SKYCITY Breakers Head Coach Paul Henare is keeping their cards close to their chest ahead of tomorrows season opening home game against Cairns Taipans at Spark Arena (Sunday, 5pm tip off).
Twice this week Henare has been quizzed by media about a possible starting five, and on both occasions, there has been just a slight hesitation before they shut down those questions as ruthlessly as they used to shut down opponents throughout in their decorated playing career.
Whether it is keeping their own players on their toes or perhaps it is more about visiting Cairns Taipans Head Coach Aaron Fearne, regardless it is working, with no one any the wiser about who will get the nod come tip off time at Spark Arena.
"We have options in this group and I expect that throughout the season you will see us make changes but for now you will have to wait and see at Spark Arena tomorrow. I am sure the Taipans are working hard on their scout, so it doesnt do any harm to leave them in the dark a little longer too.
"But what I am liking about this group is the competition for minutes, and in almost every position we have players who would do a starting spot justice for sure. The guard line is very competitive with Edgar, Shea, Kirk and DJ, and the depth in our bigs gives us a few different options with the likes of Mika, Alex, Rob and Finn, and of course Tom brings us their versatility while Jordan and Jimmy will play key roles during the season.
"We are not focused on starters though, I will leave that to you guys (the media); the key is for everyone to know their role and to deliver when they are on court. It is their job to make it hard for us coaches to find that right mix and what we have seen through the preseason is a desire to do what is right for the team."
Cairns showed they will be up for the fight too, with last seasons semifinalists holding off Illawarra in a close game last night to get their season underway with a win, a record 17th year in a row they have won their opening home game.
Cairns won on the back of a father-time defying performance from 34-year-old veteran Alex Loughton, who scored 19 points including a game winning free throw with 0.8 seconds left on the clock.
Full game report CLICK HERE
The Breakers will enjoy a final shoot around at the game venue tomorrow morning, before getting ready to go to work at Spark Arena, tip off 5pm on Sunday afternoon.
There are still great tickets available for the game, starting as low as $12.50 when you buy three or more, with great family passes, season memberships and venue memberships available via the club website www.nzbreakers.co.nz
Next Home Game
Sunday 8 October
5:00pm tip off
3:45pm doors open
Spark Arena, Auckland
SKYCITY Breakers v Cairns Taipans
Tickets online via www.nzbreakers.co.nz
- This story has been automatically published using a media release from Basketball New Zealand
Amazon has patented designs for a wristband that can precisely track where warehouse employees are placing their hands and use vibrations to nudge them in a different direction.
The concept, which aims to streamline the fulfilment of orders, adds another layer of surveillance to an already challenging working environment
When somebody orders a product from Amazon, the details are transmitted to the handheld computers that all warehouse staff carry. Upon receiving the order details, the worker must rush to retrieve the product from one of many inventory bins on shelves, pack it into a delivery box and move on to the next assignment.
The proposed wristbands would use ultrasonic tracking to identify the precise location of a worker's hands as they retrieve items. One of the patents outlines a haptic feedback system that would vibrate against the wearer's skin to point their hand in the right direction.
The result? Human workers can fulfil more orders – until robots develop the dexterity to replace them altogether.
The wristbands are, according to the patent documents, first spotted by GeekWire, designed as a labour-saving measure to keep track of products throughout the warehouse.
Dilly-dallying
A less generous interpretation would be that the wristbands provide Amazon management with new workplace surveillance capabilities that can identify the workers wasting time scratching, fidgeting or dilly-dallying.
Amazon already has a reputation for turning low-paid staff into “human robots”– working alongside thousands of proper robots – carrying out repetitive packaging tasks as fast as possible in an attempt to hit goals set by handheld computers.
This month, the 24-year-old warehouse worker Aaron Callaway described having just 15 seconds to scan items and place them into the right cart in during their night shifts at an Amazon warehouse in the UK.
“My main interaction is with the robots,” they said.
In 2016, a BBC investigation found that agency workers making Amazon deliveries reported defecating in bags, speeding and falling asleep at the wheel as they desperately tried to hit ambitious delivery targets issued by an Amazon logistics app.
– Guardian service
Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara, announced Monday that San Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara and Ventura counties are receiving more than $4 million in federal funding under the 2013 Payments in Lieu of Taxes (PILT) program.
The PILT program compensates counties and local governments for their investments in non-taxable federal land in their jurisdictions, such as national parks, wildlife refuges and recreation areas. PILT seeks to compensate them for their support and foregoing tax revenue from these federal lands. For the 2013 fiscal year, San Luis Obispo will receive $1,045,095, Santa Barbara $1,703,782 and Ventura $1,374,599.
“I'm so glad to see that our local counties will be getting these payments to help fund the important services they provide our citizens, like firefighting and police coverage, the construction of schools, and strengthened transportation infrastructure,” Capps said. “These services are vital to our communities. We are lucky to have the Los Padres National Forest and Bitter Creek National Wildlife Refuge in our backyard, but it's important to remember that our local counties provide significant support for these lands. I'm glad to see the federal government recognize this and, more importantly, compensate our local jurisdictions for their assistance.
“I am, however, disappointed to see that this year's funding has decreased over last year's because of budget sequestration. This cut is yet another example of how our communities are being harmed by these across-the-board cuts and why we need to get to work to undo this reckless and misguided policy without further delay.”
Supervisor Salud Carbajal, chair of the Santa Barbara County Board of Supervisors, said: “PILT funding is an important revenue stream that helps Santa Barbara County provide critical services to our local communities. The full funding of this program is affirmation of the federal government's partnership with counties like ours that have significant public lands and benefits our local residents.”
In the 2012 fiscal year, San Luis Obispo received $1,069,926, Santa Barbara $1,739,340 and Ventura $1,402,748. Each county is receiving less funding due to sequestration even though PILT formulas are adjusted for inflation and rates were increased for 2013 from 2012. Nationally, the total authorized level for 2013 is $421.7 million, which was reduced by $21.5 million due to budget sequestration.
PILT program eligibility is reserved for local governments that contain non-taxable federal lands and provide vital services, such as public safety, housing, social services and transportation. Using a formula provided by statute, the annual PILT payments to local governments are computed based on the number of acres of federal entitlement land within each county or jurisdiction and the population of that county or jurisdiction. The lands include the National Forest and National Park Systems, the areas managed by the Bureau of Land Management, those affected by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and Bureau of Reclamation water resource development projects and others.
This year's PILT program is the last to be funded under the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (P.L. 112-141), which Rep. Capps voted for. PILT funding comes from a portion of the revenue generated by commercial activities on federal lands, after revenue-sharing payments are shared with states and counties.
— Ashley Schapitl is press secretary for Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara.
AUGUSTA,Ga (WJBF) A new landfill could be heading Augusta's way.
The city Engineering committee hearing a proposal from, Dixon Airline recycling to create a commercial and demolition landfill on an existing site near the airport.
The new landfill would only take in construction debris, but so does the city's landfill
but the lawyer for the company says the Augusta landfill would not be the main competition.
“The Augusta landfill has about three percent of the market share for c&D they have a very small percentage many other landfills that they compete with in other counties that's really our competitors those in Columbia Aiken and McDuffie Counties,” said Attorney Wright McLeod.
Augusta's landfill director told commissioners having the new landfill could hurt revenues at the city landfill, and that revenue would have to be made up some place else.
The full commission must still approve the proposal.
ROCK SPRINGS – Robert Michael Fink, 52, of Rock Springs died Wednesday, October 4, 2017, in West Jordan, Utah after a sudden illness.
They were born February 17, 1965, in Denver, Colorado, the son of Robert Fink and Mary Horton Fink. They married Ruby Delgado May 26, 2002, in Denver.
Bob loved to fish, and they enjoyed NASCAR and NHRA, their favorite was football. They were a die-hard Bronco fan.
They were a wonderful husband, brother, and outstanding father. They were a dedicated coworker at North American of Rock Springs and Franks International.
Bob was a treasured friend and was liked by many. R.I.P. my love as heaven gained another Angel.
Survivors include their wife Ruby Fink of Rock Springs; mother Mary Bontrager of Phoenix, AZ; son Tyler Barkofske and wife Rachel of Denver; sisters Ann fink of Denver and Deanna Beachy of Indiana; and three grandchildren.
They were preceded in death by their father Robert Fink, grandparents, a cousin, and an uncle.
A Celebration of Life will be held at 11:00 a.m. Saturday, October 14, 2017 at the Victory Christian Fellowship, 591 Broadway, Rock Springs.
Condolences for the family can be left at www.foxfh.com.
Church leaders have condemned MDC-T faction leader Mr Nelson Chamisa, who is also a pastor with the Apostolic Faith Mission Church, for being a habitual liar whose deceitful character compromises and demeans the integrity of religious leaders.
This followed Mr Chamisa's latest lie that they met Rwandan President Paul Kagame and helped them shape that country's ICT policy.
President Kagame denied the claim yesterday. The lie by Mr Chamisa comes while the nation is still reeling from yet another lie by them that they met US President Mr Donald Trump who promised to give HUS$15 billion if they win the July 30 harmonised elections.
In separate interviews, church leaders roundly denounced Mr Chamisa saying their deceitful character was not expected from a man of God.
El Shaddai Ministries founder Bishop Patience Hove told The Herald yesterday that leaders, especially men of God, should always be truthful. “It is not morally right to lie,” they said.
“As a Christian, integrity is of paramount importance. If you are to teach the word of God, you need to be truthful. If you are a pastor, you must lead by the Holy Spirit and the Holy Spirit doesn't lie. It's clear in the Bible that your truth shall set you free, so if you want your followers to respect you it is always good to be truthful all the time.”
Pastor Edwin Masango of the Greater Joy Worship Centre said it was wrong to lie. “Any leader should be a man of integrity. Anyone called into leadership especially men of God should stand for truth. The word of God teaches us that what exalts a nation is righteousness. What we are praying for as the Church as we go for elections is for us to have truthful leaders. Leaders who do not give people false hope.”
A Harare-based pastor who refused to be named quoted the Bible saying: “The things that the Lord hates are a lying tongue, a heart that devises wicked schemes and feet that are quick to rush into evil.”
Mr Chamisa yesterday also became the butt of jokes for their pathological lies on micro-blogging site Twitter.
During their rallies across the country, Mr Chamisa had become a laughing stock for their kindergarten promises to the electorate such as village airports and spaghetti roads. Herald
The government is implementing infrastructure projects at a much faster pace, a Cabinet official said in disputing a World Bank assessment that rollouts were being delayed.
Advertisements
“We are already faster than before in implementing our projects because … we are willing to take the construction risk,” Finance Secretary Carlos Dominguez 3rd told reporters in an interview.
The World Bank, in cutting its 2017 growth forecast for the Philippines earlier this week to 6.6 percent from 6.8 percent, cited setbacks in the government's centerpiece “Build Build Build” (BBB) program.
“The delay in the anticipated push of the planned government infrastructure program has been contributing to the moderation of fixed capital formation growth, softening the growth prospect for the year,” the Washington-based lender said.
Dominguez, however, claimed that the government had already proven that it could implement projects at a much faster pace using official development assistance (ODA) compared to the traditional public-private partnership (PPP) scheme.
“You know I had a long discussion recently with people who are saying why are we doing this, the BBB, the ODA instead of PPP. I told them okay, our studies showed that [on]average [a]PPP took 29 months to implement. In fact one PPP project took 50 months which was the Calax (Cavite-Laguna Expressway) and why, was it the fault of government? No, it was you [private sector]guys who were arguing,” they said.
“So I said we have decided we are going to do the ODA as quickly as we can. And we have proven that we can do an ODA project in 18 months.”
Dominguez cited the Plaridel Bypass Road, a project that started less than nine months after the current administration took over in July last year — a significant improvement from the usual 29 months that it takes for a traditional PPP project to get going.
“We have been trying to do our projects as quickly as we can. Now I don't know what the assumptions of the
World Bank are. They did not disclose to us how they assumed how fast it will be,” they said.
The Duterte government has been touting the Build Build Build program as the answer to the country's infrastructure needs, with spending on flagship projects targeted to reach P8-P9 trillion from 2017 to 2022.
These “high-impact” projects are expected to boost the economy's productive capacity, raise workers' incomes and strengthen the investment climate.
Funding for these projects remains a concern, however, and officials have warned that the project list could be trimmed if Congress fails to approve proposed tax reforms.
A person has been hit by a train and killed between Derby and Chesterfield.
East Midlands Trains says the incident means trains cannot run in either direction between the two stations, disrupting its service between London St Pancras and Sheffield.
An East Midlands Trains tweet at 12.30pm said trains were being diverted away from the incident and that people should use their "East Midlands Trains ticket to travel via Doncaster to and from London Kings Cross".
A statement on the company's website says: "Our normal train service is expected to return back to our planned timetable on the affected route at around 3pm."
You can follow our updates on this incident below.
By Alice Vincent
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
A second series of the revamped Top Gear was announced by the BBC this morning, and a first look at the "all new" motoring show has divided its cult-like following.
Top Gear will return on March 5 on BBC Two with a new presenting line-up of Matt LeBlanc, Chris Harris and Rory Reid. The first photograph promises drama and excitement with a rocket launch, helicopter and Stig, the show's disguised racing driver, in the background.
It's the second line-up change in as many years. LeBlanc and radio presenter Chris Evans took over when the series was rebooted following the departure of hosts Jeremy Clarkson, James May and Richard Hammond.
Confirmed: all new #TopGear launches Sunday 5 March. See you there pic.twitter.com/GDGVpLoiwo — Top Gear (@BBC_TopGear) February 14, 2017
But Evans quit the show after one series following plummeting ratingsand poor reviews, saying they gave it their best shot but it was "not enough".
Following their resignation, Evans said LeBlanc was the "captain" that the programme needed going forward and should remain on the show.
The first-look image has been widely discussed by Top Gear viewers, especially those who watched Hammond, Clarkson and May's new motoring show, The Grand Tour, on Amazon when it first aired last year.
Some praised the new, more streamlined line-up, saying that the natural rapport between LeBlanc, Harris and Reid would be better than the scripted humour of The Grand Tour and the last season of Top Gear.
Continued below.
Related Content Matt LeBlanc rescues naked ramblers in new Top Gear trailer Former Top Gear presenter Richard Hammond slammed for ice-cream comments Video Watch: New 'Top Gear' series announced
It seems that Matt, Chris and Rory will have true banter and that's what last season of @BBC_TopGear was missing. Plus no Eddie Jordan! Yay! pic.twitter.com/eSUD9h8Qh3 — Lee Warren (@MrLeeWarren) February 14, 2017
@BBC_TopGear RIP Top Gear — RIP Pete Burns (@heyjackwilson) February 14, 2017
@BBC_TopGear You fired the others? Best choice you've done! This trio is waay better than the 6 you had — Faisal Almughirah (@F_Almughirah) February 14, 2017
@BBC_TopGear This will be better than The Grand Tour, which is just 100% script. — Uzair Syed (@UltimateUzair) February 14, 2017
Others, however, were less than convinced, suggesting that the show would never match up to the alchemy of Hammond, Clarkson and May and, in some cases, should be canned altogether:
@BBC_TopGear Back to same format I see, 3 blokes presenting. Thought TG was going to be different after JC, JM, and RH? — Baz (@256baz) February 14, 2017
Top Gear returns this March! On BBC 2!" Well that's my day ruined. Let me just think why that's a bad idea... pic.twitter.com/zsb3qtDv3e — Lee (@Lee_Lee_94) February 14, 2017
@BBC_TopGear it's dead, grand tour is killing it — 'appy cabbie chappie (@pauliesaurus0) February 14, 2017
But many fans were just pleased that Top Gear was back - and potentially with a bang.
@BBC_TopGear @harrismonkey Chris, Rory and Matt now that's gonna be decent i'll have two car shows to watch now — Escu Stefan (@escu_s) February 14, 2017
@BBC_TopGear There is room in the world for more than one car show, and hopefully top gear will return to be a proper car show. — Wᴜʟʟɪᴇᴇ (@WullieDuncan) February 14, 2017
The first trailer for the latest series was released earlier in February and featured an array of supercars and extraordinary vehicles, from the Aston Martin DB11 to the Ferrari FXX K, to the Russian eight-wheeled Avtoros Shaman.
Top Gear returns on BBC Two on Sunday March 5.
- Daily Telegraph UK
Horsham's AmeriCARna festival proved so popular last year it has been extended to the park, with even more entertainment on the day.
The AmeriCARna, in aid of St Catherine's Hospice, is a free event and will return on Sunday September 30.
Horsham AmeriCARna SUS-170924-093855001
The focus will be on Horsham Town Centre and will extend into Horsham Park.
More classic American cars and bikes, rock'n'roll years music and entertainment are planned, along with new features, including American sports, a marching band, cheerleaders and a dedicated indoor venue being added at the town's bowling alley.
The Almost Elvis Band are booked to close the show, back by popular demand.
Horsham AmeriCARna is a Horsham Time Well Spent event organised by Horsham District Council and partner organisations in support of the local economy.
Event Partners are welcomed and already include: St Catherine's Hospice, Christ's Hospital, Retroesque, Food Rocks, The Rec Rooms, Corvette Club UK, Hogs Back Harley-Davidson Owners Club, Rockafellas, P&D Custom Bikes, Max's Diner, Pilgrim Motorsports, Sussex Thunder, Blood Sweat & Gears, Toy Barnhaus, Dream Cars, Southern Transit and Baseball Softball UK.
Trending stories: Boy seriously injured in town centre incident
Drunk passenger who spat at staff on flight from Gatwick jailed
Overheating is a nebulous concept. In broad terms, it refers to an economy that is expanding at an unsustainable rate, but what environmentalist wouldn't claim that capitalism, even the modest, socially conscious Nordic kind, isn't destroying huge swathes of the planet?
More precisely, overheating refers to the stage of the economic cycle when demand is so strong that it eats up every bit of spare production capacity, bidding up wages and prices in the process.
So when the pool of free labour runs dry, employers can only recruit staff by enticing them with bigger wages.
So what are we to make of the OECD's warning that the Irish economy is exhibiting “some signs” of overheating and that another property bubble could be forming?
This when inflation is negative; credit is largely locked down by tight Central Bank lending rules; employment is still below its pre-crash peak and wages are growing by just 2 per cent.
The Paris-based organisation hangs its latest warning on what it said was a sharp rise in new mortgage loans and SME loans driven by construction-related activity and prospective of further rises in house prices.
The last time the OECD warned about the possibility of a housing bubble in Ireland was on the eve of the financial crash in 2006, a warning that was largely ignored. Back then the OECD's economists highlighted Ireland's “buoyant” housing market, noting it was being driven by strong economic growth, dynamic demographics and low-interest rates, all of which apply today.
However, in 2006 the OECD also made much of the “large tax advantages and relatively lenient credit policies by banks” while noting that property prices were overvalued, all of which don't necessarily apply today.
And this is what makes its warning this time around hard to weigh up. Parts of the Irish economy – housing, health – seem to be in a state of permanent imbalance, but whether they will tip the entire economy into an overheating mode is not easily answered at this stage.
RIVERS State, once again, wore the crimson portrait of a political war front on May 11, 2018 when a long-drawn exchange of gunfire between political gladiators stalled proceedings at the state's Judiciary Complex in Port Harcourt.
The nationwide chaos that followed the ward congresses of the Progressives Congress, APC, reared its ugly head in the Rivers State capital when efforts by a faction of the APC to obtain a court injunction to stop the congress was countered by a rival group which descended on the complex, amidst heavy shootings. They vandalised courtrooms, chased away judiciary workers and caused extensive damage, with court documents strewn all over the place.
Videos of this mayhem were all over the internet, thus giving the outside world a view into the way democracy now operates in Nigeria. This came less than a month after hoodlums effortlessly shook off the heavy presence of security personnel, invaded the plenary of the Senate and made away with the Mace. Those who carried out that infamous coup against our democracy still remain at large.
Rivers State is not a stranger to the irreverent abuse of the Judiciary. Previously, the courts were locked up with impunity for a prolonged period when attempts to foist a Chief Judge was stiffly resisted.
Never at any other time in the history of our country had politicians demonstrated such absolute disregard for our democratic institutions than the present time. Anarchy is gradually closing in. The Judiciary is where we all run for redress when our rights are trampled upon. But when people pick up firearms to invade the courts, destroy valuable records and prevent the judges from performing their constitutional duties, it is goodbye to the rule of law. The rule of the jungle takes over. When that happens only the fittest will survive.
We are worried for the upcoming general elections, especially in Rivers State. The message that unfortunate gun attack projects is that the elections of 2019 will be decided by bullets rather than ballots. If a mere intra-party affair could precipitate this level of armed violence, what will happen when the two rivals, the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP and the Progressives Congress, APC, go head-to-head next year is only to be imagined.
We call on all politicians to play according to the rules. The various political parties have their constitutions which guide them on procedures to follow in seeking elected office. The laws of the land also are explicit on the due processes. Unless we play by the rules no one will be safe. Our democracy is on the line. Our country is in danger.
Those behind this attack should be exposed and punished accordingly, otherwise it will happen again.
Serge and Beate Klarsfeld are not only Europe's most famous Nazi hunters. For more than five decades, they've been the vigilante enforcers of the continent's moral conscience.
The husband-and-wife team - through painstaking research and often daring exploits - has tracked down murderers from the suburbs of Damascus, Syria, to the jungles of Bolivia. They pushed for the arrests and ultimate convictions of former Nazis and French collaborators such as Maurice Papon, Paul Touvier and Klaus Barbie, known as the Butcher of Lyon. And they have documented the stories of thousands of French Jews sent to the Nazi gas chambers.
Their mission has been to seek justice but also to force a European reckoning with questions of complicity and culpability in a war many people preferred to forget. It was largely their influence that prompted President Jacques Chirac, soon after taking office in 1995, to acknowledge that "France, home of the Enlightenment and the Rights of Man . . . broke their word and delivered the people they were protecting to their executioners."
Yet today, at the respective ages of 82 and 79, Serge and Beate Klarsfeld say they are horrified by the state of affairs in Europe and beyond: the rise of right-wing populist movements, and now governments, across the continent, often fueled by support from young voters. The parallel forces of nationalism and xenophobia, once again permissible in the public sphere. The apparent desire - from Poland to the United States - to play with the truth of the past so as to alter the norms of the present, the norms the Klarsfelds spent decades upholding.
Advertisement
"The young today don't know hunger. They don't know war," Serge said in an interview at the Klarsfelds' office, reclining at a desk piled high with the kind of documents they and their wife have used for years to build their dossiers. "They don't know that the European Union brought to Europe so much, and they don't know that the generation that came before them worked so hard for what there is."
To that end, the Klarsfelds are publishing an English translation of a joint memoir. In "Hunting the Truth," sections written in their alternating voices tell the story of a marriage and a common purpose.
"People are often very passive and believe they can't do anything," Serge said. "But they can do something, and so we're explaining that we are people who did something."
Serge's personal experience as a Holocaust survivor animated the couple's career. Photo / Pierre Terdjman/Dysturb for The Washington Post
Born into a Jewish family in Bucharest in 1935, Serge emigrated to France along with their parents and sister before the outbreak of World War II.
The family was living in Nice when the Gestapo arrived on the night of September 30, 1943. The soldiers arrested their father, Arno, as the 8-year-old Serge hid with their mother and sister behind a false closet their father had built precisely for this moment. The last words Arno whispered to them were "my keys," which they used to lock the door on their way out, so the Nazi officers would not suspect that anyone was left inside.
Arno Klarsfeld died in Auschwitz.
Beate, by contrast, said they knew next to nothing of the Holocaust before they moved to Paris and met Serge.
They were born in Berlin in 1939, the daughter of working-class, Protestant parents who voted for Hitler in 1933. Them father later served as an infantryman in the German army. "I used to recite little poems for the führer at my kindergarten," they recall in one of their portions of the memoir.
As for their parents, during and after the war: "They had neither learned nor forgotten anything from the epochal events they had sleepwalked through. . . . They did not feel any responsibility for what had occurred under Nazism."
Beate Klarsfeld's daring vaunted the couple into the international spotlight. Photo / Pierre Terdjman/Dysturb for The Washington Post
Serge and Beate met by chance on the Paris Metro on May 11, 1960 - on the same day, the Israelis kidnapped Adolf Eichmann outside Buenos Aires. Beate remembers Serge's suit: three pieces, Prince of Wales check. Serge remembers their dress: blue, cinched at the waist.
They were a 24-year-old student; they were a 21-year-old au pair, and several stations went by before Serge could muster the courage to speak to Beate, who could barely speak French back then. Three days later they went to the movies. Three years later they were married.
"When they were confronted with the image of Nazi Germany, they accepted it," Serge writes. "But I could already feel the resolve accumulating within them to react against that image, not through denial, but through positive action."
It was Serge's personal experience that framed what became the couple's career.
In the memoir, they put it this way: "If the child who had survived the genocide by a miracle, and by their father's sacrifice, remained deaf to that scream . . . wouldn't my life be an act of betrayal?"
Papers, photographs and paintings at the office of Beate and Serge Klarsfeld document the deportation of Jews from France during World War II. Photo / Pierre Terdjman/Dysturb for The Washington Post
But it was ultimately Beate's daring that vaulted the Klarsfelds into the international spotlight and established the Franco-German duo as Europe's leading Nazi hunters.
In 1968, they publicly slapped Kurt Kiesinger, then the chancellor of West Germany and a former Nazi propaganda official, in the face.
Asked about what was going through their mind in that moment, they reached down to pet one of the couple's two small dogs curled beneath their chair. They said only that they seized the moment - and that they left their mark. "He grabbed their eye and asked for a doctor," they said. Within a year, their political career was finished.
A previous book by Serge Klarsfeld focused on the children deported from France. Photo / Pierre Terdjman/Dysturb for The Washington Post
They have been detained in or deported from a number of countries: among others, Bolivia, the former Czechoslovakia and Syria, where they arrived in a wig and an assumed name in hot pursuit of Alois Brunner, a Nazi leader and former assistant of Adolf Eichmann, who had overseen the deportation of thousands of Jews from France - including Serge's father.
Undeniably, however, the Klarsfelds's biggest catch was Barbie. In April 1944, the SS operative notoriously ordered the deportation of 44 Jewish orphans from Izieu, a small town in eastern France. But U.S. intelligence services helped them escape to Bolivia after the war, in exchange for assistance with anti-Marxist activities.
The Klarsfelds learned of their whereabouts in the early 1970s and successfully lobbied for their extradition to France in 1983, after Bolivia's dictatorship collapsed and Barbie no longer enjoyed the regime's protection. They were convicted of crimes against humanity and died in prison in Lyon in 1991.
A Washington Post article in 1997 called the Klarsfelds "a nation's nagging conscience". Photo / Pierre Terdjman/Dysturb for The Washington Post
"All my troubles in the past started when Madame Klarsfeld came to Bolivia," Barbie reportedly said on the first day of their trial.
Robert Paxton, an American historian whose study of the Vichy government in the 1960s was among the first to expose the extent of French collaboration with Nazi Germany, said that the Klarsfelds - "although their memoirs never mention any other historians positively" - have ultimately had an affect on the subject that cannot be understated.
It is largely thanks to the Klarsfelds, Paxton said, that Paris streets now display some of the capital's most haunting memorials: the black plaques on the former schools from which Jewish children were deported during the war.
Beate and Serge Klarsfeld have hunted Nazis and documented the stories of thousands of French Jews sent to the Nazi gas chambers. Photo / Pierre Terdjman/Dysturb for The Washington Post
"They've had an enormous impact in public relations terms, and in a very major way," they said, noting also that they and the couple have had their share of academic disagreements over the years, including over the activities of the Catholic Church in France during the war. But Paxton admires the way the couple have assumed their role as moral arbiters in contemporary France. "They've done it with great thoroughness and great care."
Despite their successes, the Klarsfelds eschew self-congratulation. There simply isn't time. "We fight for values that we will defend the rest of our lives," Serge said. "After we die, we can't say what will happen."
By Avi Selk
In the cold waters of the North Sea, trawlers catch all manner of unintended things.
Garbage, often. Porpoises, sometimes, for the shores of the Netherlands are teeming with hundreds of thousands of them.
But on May 30, several nautical miles off the Hook of Holland, a boat hauled up something perhaps never before seen by man. Two feet long . . . and with two heads.
Advertisement
A photo of the thing began to circulate through the Netherlands - eventually to the inbox of Erwin Kompanje, the curator of mammals at the Natural History Museum in Rotterdam, who was astounded.
They recalled their first thought: "Where??"
Where was it, and how soon could they get it into a lab?
Even today, in an age of science, it might appear to many people to be a two-headed sea monster.
Kompanje knew better, though the truth was no less astounding. They were looking at photos of two conjoined harbour porpoises, newborns sharing a single body, a rarity among rarities in all the oceans in the world.
"There are only nine cases known until now" of conjoined twins among cetaceans, said Kompanje, who has studied dolphins, whales and porpoises for 20 years. "Even normal twinning is rare; there's no room in the womb of the mother for harbouring more than one baby."
And the few specimens that had been found were usually undeveloped fetuses, like the "double monster" - one head and two bodies - found in the womb of a dolphin caught by herders off the coast of Japan in 1970. In 2001, a bottlenose dolphin calf with two beaks was caught in the Mediterranean sea, but it was partially decomposed. And these are among the better-documented cases.
The photos Kompanje found themselves staring at in shock showed a specimen that - while obviously dead - looked to be in perfect condition.
The brothers (for they could tell they were male) must have just been born, they reasoned, for the dorsal fin had not yet risen. And tiny hairs lost soon after birth could be seen on the two faces above the fin.
"I think it was born alive," Kompanje said.
The brothers couldn't have survived long. They would have either drowned as two brains told one body to swim different ways, or simply succumbed to their single heart's failure to pump enough blood.
But whatever happened in their short life, they had by pure luck found their way into a fishing net before nature destroyed their body's value to science.
For a researcher hungry for any morsel of information about man's aquatic mammalian cousins, it was a one-in-a-billion discovery.
So Kompanje got the boss of the fishing crew on the phone, who was helpful - providing the exact coordinates and details of the catch.
The possibilities expanded in the researcher's mind. Kompanje had been planning an MRI for the porpoises. A CT scan, 3-D imaging. And then, when the research was completed, the brothers might be preserved forever in a museum.
And just then, on the phone with the trawler boss, they learned the true end of this strange tale.
"They thought it was illegal to collect it," Kompanje said. "They made four photographs and threw it back into the sea. Back into oblivion."
In that expanse of square kilometres of deep water, there was no hope of finding it again.
Kompanje did what they could with what evidence that chance had preserved. The fishermen's photos from the boat were good enough to co-author a paper with other marine researchers, which was published this month, and said what there was to say about the porpoises.
But Kompanje has no illusions. They do not expect to see anything like it again in their lifetime.
"For a cetologist," they said, "this a real horror."
The new #Audi assumes shape and displays the fusion of a luxury coupé with a sporty #SUV. pic.twitter.com/kbSYAFEBy2 — AUDI AG (@Audi_Press) April 24, 2018
The first teaser images of the new Audi Q8 SUV have been released. Expected to be launched this summer and positioned just above the Q7 , it will be based on the same MLB platform, but the design will be sleeker.With a neon green tape outline reminiscent of the sci-fi series Automan , the Q8's design was teased in near-complete darkness. From the side view, we can see a more rakish roofline and the pronounced fender "hips" front and rear. It all matches the spy shots we posted in March . Audi says the Q8 is a combination of a luxury coupe and a sporty SUV, following the formula first established by the BMW X6 . We would expect it to seat five or four with a full back seat center console instead of the Q7's three-row, seven-passenger configuration.Despite being teased ahead of the Beijing show, the Q8 will probably not be fully revealed there. When it hits the market, it should be available with gasoline, hybrid and diesel powertrains depending on the intended market. Earlier rumors included both S and RS performance versions. The top RS Q8 would apparently have a Porsche-sourced 4.0-liter twin turbo V8.
What would you say if I told you the federal government is spending at least $800 million on something you don't like or want? It's happening. Year after year, and the actual figure is probably closer to $1 billion.
Fact: Recent public opinion polls show a huge majority of us do not approve of the job Congress is doing. The folks at the Gallup organization report the lowest level of citizen confidence in our senators and congressional representatives ever recorded for any institution in the history of their polling. In a Gallup survey taken the first week of June, only 10 percent of the respondents said they were satisfied with Congress' performance. At about the same time, a Rasmussen Report survey found that just 6 percent of those asked gave Congress a positive job rating.
How long do you think you'd keep your $174,000-a-year job if your job performance were rated less than 10 percent?
Where did I get the $174,000 figure? That's the annual salary of most of the 535 members of Congress. Those in the leadership (speaker of the House, the majority and minority leaders) make even more, up to $223,000. Taken together, the yearly nut just to pay these subpar performing legislators is more than $94 million.
Fasten your seatbelt, because that's not even the half of it. Every member of Congress also gets a taxpayer-funded allowance. According to the Congressional Research Service, the money goes for, “Official office expenses, including staff, mail, travel between a member's district or state and Washington, D.C., and other goods and services.” The allowance differs depending on how far away the representative's district is from the Capitol (airline flights back and forth are expensive!) — but guess what the average allowance is. More than $1.3 million each year!
Grab your calculator, and let's add this up. At a minimum, each member gets a $174,000 salary and a $1.3 million allowance for a total of more than $1.5 million per year. Now, let's multiply that by the 535 members of our lackluster, partisan-paralyzed Congress, and you get a grand total that tops $818 million. This doesn't even count all the various perks members get or the cost of keeping the U.S. Capitol building operating.
So, what do you think? You think we're getting our almost billion dollars worth of leadership? Yeah, me neither.
I think there ought to be a law against such blatant and meaningless spending of taxpayers' dollars. Seems as though a case could be made for conspiracy to defraud, misappropriation of federal funds or ... SOMETHING!
Outgoing Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Okla., said it best and with the fewest number of words. “Look,” they told Bloomberg News recently, “we're incompetent.” Coburn, like many other members, is seriously disappointed with the lack of progress on Capitol Hill in recent years, and they believe the members absolutely deserve the low poll ratings they get. “It's fully appropriate,” Coburn said, and it's part of the reason they aren't running for office again after 19 years of service.
Where is the leadership we have elected these people to provide? There has been little or no action on: bringing down our massive budget deficit, the imbalance of trade, the overly burdensome tax system, the sickly Social Security program, immigration reform, unemployment, failing schools, poverty and our continued dependence on foreign oil.
Have you ever tried to call your senator's or representative's office to ask for help? I have. The run-around I got finally made me give up trying to draw attention to a hazardous situation in my neighborhood. What do these people do all day besides conspire about how to win the next election by smearing the opposition? This isn't governing — in fact, to my mind it borders on racketeering! And they play this useless political game day after day using our money. Shame on the so-called “leadership” of the House and Senate, who are supposed to guide their members into directions that help — not hurt — our country.
Yep, there ought to be a law.
Let me ask you three questions: Has your elected official lived up to all the campaign promises they or they made? Do you feel that things will get better if we just give them more time in office? Is your elected representative helping make this a better country in which to live?
If the answer to these questions is “No!” then I want you to print out this column and keep it in your wallet. Read it periodically, up and until the next election. Share it with your friends, family and neighbors, and get them to realize that the political shenanigans that continue year after year in Washington happen because we let them happen. We voted in these knuckleheads. We can vote them out.
If you want real justice from government — a proper balance of bang for your buck — we have to vote out the glad-handing, overpromising, congenial incumbents. They just are not getting the job done.
We need to encourage a brand-new type of candidate to step forward and bring their or their real-world experience in business, education, medicine, science and entrepreneurial innovation with them. Those who populate Capitol Hill should come from the real ranks of life — not from the privileged class of the career politician, who have proven they are “incompetent” time and time again.
There ought to be a law, but there isn't. And our only power to change things is our vote.
Vote like your future depends on it, because it does.
— Diane Dimond is the author of Cirque Du Salahi: Be Careful Who You Trust. Contact them at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) , follow them on Twitter: @DiDimond, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are them own.
One of the most anticipated movies of the summer All Eyez on Me is rapidly approaching. Thebiopic will hit theaters on Friday, June 16 and to promote the film,stopped by The Wendy Williams Show. They talked about their casting process and how they once worked as a cable guy.
But of course, it wouldn't be Wendy if they didn't get into their personal life. After learning that Shipp was single, Wendy asked them if they had any celebrity crushes. Shipp was quick to give the name of one woman they loved so much, they had their publicist relay the message.
“I've always had a thing for Regina,” Shipp said, referring to Regina Hall. “so I had my publicist tell her.”
Wendy and the rising star talked about how they seem “seasoned” enough for Hall, considering the fact that they have three kids. “You're not just a dippy 28-year-old,” Wendy told Shipp. But they didn't stop there with their celebrity crushes. They called out model Karrueche Tran as someone who caught their eye at a BET event. Freshly single from (and borderline escaping from) Chris Brown, Tran might be a good fit for the charismatic Shipp. But we'll wait and see how the Hollywood stars align. You can check out Shipp's full interview with Wendy below.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Some fish get no respect and deserve better. That's the case with bat rays.
I had a group out on my charter boat, WaveWalker to look for halibut. The bat rays in the area decided we must be bat-ray fishing and they kept us grinning and battling all day.
On very first hookup with what the angler hoped was a halibut, I watched the rod to learn about the fighting signature of the critter and I softly told the angler, “That halibut just grew wings.”
That bat ray put up a magnificent battle that was probably considerably more fun than a halibut. Then it was hookup after hookup, and I realized the bat rays were being aggressive and chomping every bait we put down; they were particularly fond of squid.
We switched baits and moved to another location. It was like the bat rays followed us.
After a few bat rays, my charter group kind of got the hang of fighting them and realized how much fun it is to catch and release them. We had some nice units to about 70 pounds and they do grow better than twice that size.
In our part of the world, bat rays are not generally eaten. I have personally tried them and they are far from my favorite seafood.
One fairly common way to eat them is to cookie cutter the wings and fry them. In my experience they are palatable, but not good. Perhaps someone could fix them in such a way that I would enjoy, but I doubt anyone is going to have that opportunity.
It is actually fun and gratifying to release them. They are tough and the fight doesn't seem to bother them. They swim away strongly and make me wonder if we will be releasing the battle with that particular critter in the next hour. If we do, it's fine with me. They are fun.
Pier fishers hook into quite a few bat rays and I help set people up for that in my Goleta Pier location of my tackle shop, Hook, Line & Sinker.
It always makes me smile to see a rod bent deeply and a person grinning ear-to-ear fighting a big bat ray, probably to be released.
— Capt. David Bacon operates WaveWalker Charters and is president of SOFTIN Inc., a nonprofit organization providing seafaring opportunities for those in need. Visit softininc.blogspot.com to learn more about the organization and how you can help. Click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are their own.
China Harbor Engineering Co. Ltd. (CHEC) is now doing the feasibility study on the Subic-Clark railway project, according to the Subic Bay Metropolitan Authority on Monday.
The project is part of the P100-billion elevated coastal highway and railway system that would link Subic to the Clark Economic Zone and the Port of Manila.
“There are actually many proponents that would like to join in the project,” Martinez said in a statement.
The project is currently on the data-gathering stage as regards the rates, volume and cargo destination as well as other technical issues, Martinez noted.
An international contractor, CHEC provides full services in engineering-procurement-construction, build-operate-transfer, and public-private-partnership for both public and private sectors.
The railway project is part of President Rodrigo Duterte's “Build, Build, Build” program. The feasibility study is expected to be completed by the third semester of 2017, while the railway project is expected to be finished by the end of Duterte's term.
“When finished, the rail system will open new investment opportunities and improve container and passenger traffic, as well as help decongest other ports, especially Manila,” SBMA Project Development Office manager Vicente Evidente Jr. said.
The Philippines' production of raw sugar is forecast to decrease by 8 percent to 2.3 million metric tons (MMT) in 2017-2018 from 2.5 MMT in the previous market year, the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) said.
In the Global Agricultural Information Network (Gain) report made by its Foreign Agricultural Service (FAS) in Manila, USDA said the latest figure was lower than the 2.38-MMT target the Sugar Regulatory Administration (SRA) set at the start of the crop year.
The drop is blamed on “unfavorable weather conditions, particularly during the vegetative or growth stage in many sugarcane-producing provinces, which should affect sugar content and weight of cane,” it added.
Production levels next year are expected to be flat, according to the department.
For crop year 2017-2018, the area for sugarcane grew to 424,000 hectares from 421,000 ha. the previous year. Actual production itself, however, is predicted to drop to 25 MMT due to poor weather.
Negros island accounts for 55 percent of sugar produced; Mindanao, 21 percent, Luzon, 14 percent, Panay island, 7 percent; and Eastern Visayas, 3 percent.
The country has about 27 sugar mills and 12 sugar refiners, according to the deparment.
Total sugar consumption is seen to jump by 2.27 percent to 2.25 MMT, as industrial users shift from imported high-fructose corn syrup.
This figure is expected to be maintained in 2018-2019, as sugar-sweetened drinks become more expensive as a result of the excise taxes imposed on them after the Tax Reform for Acceleration and Inclusion (Train) Act was implemented on January 1.
About 80 percent of sugar produced in the country is consumed locally, USDA-FAS said. Industrial users account for roughly 50 percent of consumption, followed by households at 32 percent, and institutions at 18 percent.
The industry contributes about P87 billion to the economy. It employs 700,000 people.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The owner of a Midland motor firm is offering a £5,000 reward following an arson attack at their premises which saw £25,000-worth of vehicles go up in flames.
Qasib Iqbal, boss of IQ Services Ltd, on Valley Road, Earlswood, near Solihull, said the January 7 attack had taken away their livelihood.
Two men were captured on CCTV in the early hours of the morning throwing what appeared to be a petrol bomb.
Eight vehicles were destroyed in the fire at the car sales and recovery firm, which has been open for less than a week when the arson attack took place.
Mr Iqbal, aged 29, said they are now offering a £5,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the arsonists.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
They said: “I had only been open a matter of days and this has happened. Seven cars were damaged along with one recovery truck.
“I estimate it has caused around £25,000 of damage to the vehicles but there was also some damage to the building as well.
“I have CCTV in operation and the footage captured what appeared to be two men in grey hoodies throwing a petrol bomb at the vehicles.
“I am working closely with police but so far no-one has been arrested so I am offering a £5,000 for information which will lead to the arrest and conviction of the people responsible for doing this.
“It has taken away my livelihood as I am still battling with my insurance company so I can get back on my feet again.”
Cars which were destroyed included two Toyotas, a Fiat Ducato, a Renault Scenic, a VW Beatle, an Audi and a Peugeot.
Anyone with any information should ring police on 101 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.”
The blaze was the second at a motor firm in the Solihull area within days.
A huge fire engulfed a Land Rover dealership in the town on December 29.
Dramatic footage showed flames and a series of explosions at the Listers base on Stratford Road, Shirley. Ten vehicles were believed to have been destroyed.
Denver County
Property Location: Adjacent southeast corner West 29th Avenue & Federal Boulevard, 2918-2924 W. 29th Ave. & 2830 Federal Blvd., Denver
Property Description: Vacant land
Land Size: 35,389 sf
Sales Price: $3.75M, or $105.97 psf, or $31,250 per buildable unit
Reception No.: 2017018007
Grantor: 529 Washington LLC c/o William Seward
Grantee: 29th Street Apartments LLC, c/o Reid Philips, NHC Management LLC, 801 Main St., Suite 120, Louisville 80027
Closing Date: 2/8
Financing: $2.91M payable to Broadmark Real Estate Management, BRELF II LLC, due 2-15-2027.
Comments: Listed by Tim Finholm & Sam Leger of Unique Properties Inc.-TCN Worldwide, 303-321-5888, for $3.5 million. APN: 02294-20-023, 02294-20-002, 02294-20-004.Denver city and county plans call for a proposed 120-unit, five-story multifamily development.
Comp of the Day is provided by John V. Winslow, president of Winslow Property Consultants. Winslow has more than 40 years' experience in commercial real estate. They can be reached at 720-612-7878 or Colprop2012@gmail.com.
Freeport High School Honor Roll
The following Students at Freeport High School were recognized for academic excellence and earned a place on the second quarter honor roll:
High Honors
Grade 9: Braelyn Bailey, Abigail Brier, Rhea Fitzpatrick, Catriona Gould, Sarah Gray, Rachel Harmon, Marjorie Mcleod, Thomas Robinson, Caroline Smith, Annika Thomas, Molly Whelan
Grade 10: Nova Ambrose, Paul Biberstein, Natalie Crawford, Jason D'Amico, Camden Donald, Leora Doyle, Alec Eames, Zachary Flood, Abigail Fortune, Lillian Horne, Alexander Les, Nicholas Mitch, Shiloh Munsen, Atticus Patrick, Owen Patrick, Samuel Randall, Peter Sachs, Hayden Thomas, Lucy Wing, Sierra Zahares
Grade 11: Emmanuelle Greene
Grade 12: April Asselyn, Kelsey Barrett, Olivia Botting, Keegan Chandler, Ellen Demarsh, Jordan Grotz, Lauren Moore, Emily Randall
Honors
Grade 9: Emma Abbott, Grace Abbott, Jesse Bennell, Ian Capen, Heath Cockburn, Eric Decker, Natalie Domin, Caroline Doyle, Joseph Driscoll, Ava Fox, Lindsey Galletta, Devin Garneau, Hannah Giroux, Jacob Gormely, Deven Hannan, Ashley Harris, Ayanna Hatton, Eden Hayden-Hunt, Caleb Hunter, Parker Landsbergen, Alexys Langley, Samuel Larochelle, Grace Libby, Yi Liu, Makenzie Margerison, Bailey McGee, Rachel Mckittrick, Tara Migliaccio, Tia Peterson, Maggie Riendeau, Charlotte Soule, Caroline Robert Southall, Sarah Baker Southall, Hannah Spaulding, Isabella St.Cyr, Courtney Staples, Anna Whalen
Grade 10: Natalie Ann Anderson, Kaleb Barrett, Grace Battarbee, Sera Bigelow, Marley Cloutier, Jacob Collard, Meredith Dowling-Wolfe, Cristina Fente Gutierrez, John Giddens, Liam Gould, Allison Greuel, Liam Grogan, Sophie Hight, Moriah Hollen, Toby Holt, Finn Johnston, Anne Kelley, Abigail King, Abbye Koenig, Alexa Koenig, Anna Labbe, Reilly Lefebvre, Jasmen Libby, Jessica Minieri, Benjamin Monahan-Morang, Tanner Morrison, Margaret Perrotta, Rebecca Pierce, Aaron Rusiecki, Margaret Ryan, Tabatha Sabans, Robert Sawyer, Jacob Selian, Eriksen Charles Shea, Joseph Sylvester, Brooke Toothaker, Jacob Tucker, Kelsey Williams, Grace Wogan
Grade 11: Griffin Agnese, Beverly Anderson, Benjamin Bailey, Maya Bradbury, Jared Burns, Rebecca Cameron, Emma Carter, Grace Cushman, Chloe Davidson, Taylor Dostie, Thomas Doyle, Jessica Driscoll, Maya Egan, Julia Haldeman, Lydia Hollen, Carter Jedrey-Irvin, Gabriel Johnson, Elida Kydyrova, Sarah Lano, Rachele Manfredi, Isabel Masison, Paige Masse-Brooks, Luisa Negraes Eschberger, Caleb Salter-Gurau, Sydney San, Lauren Schenker, Grace Schnyder, Alena Schurer, Ethan Sclar, Hannah Skorapa, Nathan Thomas, Callie Toothaker, Emale Whited
Grade 12: Olivia Alterio, Abigail Arruda, Rachel Balzer, Brianna Bellefleur, Haley Boyden, Joseph Burke, Maxwell Doughty, Donald Egan, Zoe Fox, Kara Galletta, Jessica Gray, Olivia Greuel, Simon Handelman, Dossey Harvey, Maxwell Heathco, Bennett Hight, Henry Jaques, Emily Latulippe, Isabelle McClelland, Priyanka Miller, Spencer Morse, Danielle Moyer, Yacob Olins, Natalie Pagnano, Neil Panosian, Eric Pelletier, Reid Poissonnier, Christian Potts, Jordan Randall, Mckenzie Rogers, Megan Seymour, John Smail, Amber Smith, Sarah Sutherland, Alex Washburn, Olivia Watts, Zachary Wenzler, Min Wu, Chandler Wyman, Rachel Young
North Yarmouth Academy Honor Roll
The following students who live in The Forecaster's coverage area attained honor roll status during the first semester at North Yarmouth Academy.
Highest Honors
Grade 5: Alexander Barron, Elizabeth Coleman, Owen Cook, Liam Devine, Davis Gall, Haley Hegarty, Caleb King, Nathan Oney
Grade 6: Seamus Rohde, Sally Stronge
Grade 7: Owen Frank, Lila Jackson, Abigail King, Bella Moulton, Elliott Oney, Bryce Poulin, Charles Rohde, Jack Schaeffer, Blythe Thompson, Madeleine Vaillancourt
Grade 8: Camille Beaudoin, Eleanor Commons, Nathan Cook, Jacquelyn Ellsworth, Laini Frager, Wylie Jacobs, Elaine Lemieux, Annie Sillin, Tellie Stamaris, Anna Yankee, Samuel Yankee
Grade 9: Spencer Barton, Sydney Billings, Benjamin Frank, Ellen Hilscher, Katherine Larson, Afton Morton, Cameron Pickle, Bronwen Ramsey-Brimberg
Grade 10: Xander Kostelnik, Alexandra Markonish, Andrew Schaeffer
Grade 11: Justin Guo, Richard Hilscher, Troy Hou, Jack Sillin, Leo Webster
Grade 12: Sarah Austin, Alexander Bartone, Andrew Keith, Kiersten Marr, Savannah Shaw, Manna Zhao
High Honors
Grade 5: Finlay Gepfert , Sasha Schutz, Jacob Soroff, William Street, Eben Weislogel
Grade 6: Laurel Buehner, Carson Gall, John Hegarty, Campbell Litz, Lucas Markonish, Callahan Nice Ethan Schutz, Clara Taylor, Alexander Wignall
Grade 7: Simon Algara, Henry Bergeron, Bryce Bernier, Oliver Hemphill, Aidan Lacombe, Harry Marcus, Aisley Snell, James Tourigny
Grade 8: Keegan Goodell, Taylor Hemenway, William Jackson, Anders Jonsson, Olivia Juve, Marina Piehl
Grade 9: Madison Argitis, Emily Beisel-Bolen, Jack Bontatibus, Maya Davis, Jillian Demeule, Reese Farrell, Caroline Gepfert, Matthew McGrath, Hannah Mills, William Tatge, Eliza Tod
Grade 10: Abram Buehner, Hannah Gagne, Elora Griswold, Margaret Larson, Clara Mulvihill, Reed Silvers, Aidan Yilmaz
Grade 11: Charlotte Collins, Evan Davis, Ellie Dickson, Parker Elkins, Kara Jensen
Grade 12: Michael Adams, Henry Briggs, Suzanna Butterfield, Zelda Clegg, C.J. Conner, Grace Dexter Kyle Kostelnik, Gabrielle Linscott, Amber Liu, Dana Nichols, Thomas Pitts, Henry Quesada, Milla Rosenfeld, Jeremy Thelven, Lauren Tufts
Honors
Grade 6: Vy Tran
Grade 7: Tiger DiMillo, Alev Yilmaz
Grade 8: Patrick Alberding, Elyse Baron, Jonah Eng, Salem Griswold, Michael Hynes, Jack Nice, Samuel Soroff ,Jack Thibodeau
Grade 9: Marley Boettcher, Elizabeth Gagnon, Samson Shen, Hannah Twombly, Daniel Zajkowski
Grade 10: Carson Fassett, Sydney Gilman, Cooper Hogan, Lloyd Lathrop, Jack Lent, Jackson Linscott Sydney Plummer, Amber Rose, Joshua Soucy, Joseph Strabley, Alasdair Swett
Grade 11: Megan Alberding, Reece Bartolini, Rachel Bolling, William Flatt, Isabella MacMahon, Kieran Rowe
Grade 12: Galen Arnold, Haven Cutko, Jake Malcom, Madison Rand, Isabelle See, Nathaniel Sinibaldi, Cameron Woods
Abu Dhabi: Permanent representatives to the World Meteorological Organisation (WMO) on Monday voted unanimously to elect an Emirati as the president of the organisation's Asia region.
Abdullah Ahmad Al Mandoos, Executive Director of the National Centre for Meteorology and Seismology (NCMS), received the votes of approval during the second day of the WMO's conference being held in the capital, with the body's Asian representatives giving their full support to Al Mandoos to lead as president.
“I am very honoured and proud to have been elected as the President of the WMO Asia region, the presidency will give me the opportunity to show what I have learned in the UAE and how we have dealt with many climate issues, which I will now be able to share with the rest of Asia,” Al Mandoos said after being elected president.
Speaking on some of the policies they had in mind, Al Mandoos said that they wanted to improve the communication and sharing between WMO member states, and to assess the situation of all member states and their needs, which would help create efficient policies in the future.
“The first thing I want to do is create an efficient communication link between the permanent representatives in Asia so that we have a network that shares information together on a daily basis,” they explained. “Another plan is to conduct an in depth study that will look at several issues such as what climate problems specific member states are facing, what are the capabilities of every country, how can they participate, and what do they need. Once all of this is analysed it will give me a clearer picture of what I can do to help,” they added.
Al Mandoos said that Asia faced many challenges when it came to climate change and that a lot of work would be required to face the challenges.
“The Regional Association for Asia has a wide geographical surface area, many climatic regions, severe weather conditions and natural disasters that are repeatedly witnessed,” they said.
“Climate change has an impact on all Asian countries as a whole from a meteorological standpoint, so it is very important for Asian countries to define the changes in their climate, and to point out its effects and the parameters on how to combat this,” they added.
WMO President David Grimes welcomed the appointment of Al Mandoos and said they were looking forward to working together.
“I would like to congratulate Dr Al Mandoos for taking up this leadership. [Asia] is the most populous region and largest region. It has challenges in diversity, scope and climate. This particular challenge for the president in Regional Association for Asia [RII] is to bring the community together. I look forward to their excellent leadership and excellent contribution to the WMO Executive Council and other processes in which RAII participates.”
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration said the government would no longer encourage schools to use race as a factor in the admissions process, rescinding Obama-era guidance meant to promote diversity among students.
The shift announced Tuesday gives colleges the federal government's blessing to leave race out of admissions and enrollment decisions and underscores the contentious politics that for decades have surrounded affirmation action policies, which have repeatedly been challenged before the Supreme Court.
The Obama administration memos encouraging schools to take race into account were among 24 policy documents revoked by the Justice Department for being “unnecessary, outdated, inconsistent with existing law, or otherwise improper.” Attorney General Jeff Sessions called the changes an effort to restore the “rule of law,” though civil rights groups decried the move and some universities said they intended to continue their diversity efforts as before.
The action comes amid a high-profile court fight over Harvard University admissions that has attracted the government's attention, as well as Supreme Court turnover expected to produce a more critical eye toward schools' race-conscious admissions policies.
The court's most recent significant ruling on the subject bolstered colleges' use of race among many factors in the admission process. But the opinion's author, Anthony Kennedy, announced their retirement last week, giving President Donald Trump a chance to replace them with a justice who may be more reliably skeptical of admissions programs that take race and ethnicity into account.
The new policy dramatically departs from the stance of the Obama administration, which said schools could consider race in admissions decisions. In one 2011 policy document, the administration said courts had recognized schools' “compelling interest” in ensuring racially diverse populations on campuses.
“Institutions are not required to implement race-neutral approaches if, in their judgment, the approaches would be unworkable,” the guidance said. “In some cases, race-neutral approaches will be unworkable because they will be ineffective to achieve the diversity the institution seeks.”
That guidance has now been rescinded, as have about a half-dozen similar documents, including some that sought to explain court rulings affirming the use of race to make admissions decisions.
In one such document, the Obama administration stated, “As the Supreme Court has recognized, diversity has benefits for all students, and today's students must be prepared to succeed in a diverse society and an increasingly global workforce.”
The Trump administration's announcement is more in line with Bush-era policy that discouraged affirmative action and instead encouraged the use of race-neutral alternatives, like percentage plans and economic diversity programs.
Though such guidance doesn't have the force of law, schools could presumably use it to defend themselves against lawsuits over admission policies.
The Trump administration's Justice Department had already signaled concern about the use of race in admissions decisions.
The department, for instance, sided this year with Asian-American plaintiffs who contend in a lawsuit against Harvard that the school unlawfully limits how many Asian students are admitted.
Students for Fair Admissions, the group suing Harvard, is led by Ed Blum, a legal strategist who also helped white student Abigail Fisher sue the University of Texas for alleged discrimination in a case that reached the Supreme Court.
Blum said Tuesday the organization “welcomes any governmental actions that will eliminate racial classifications and preferences in college admissions.” Harvard, meanwhile, said it would continue considering race as an admissions factor to create a “diverse campus community where students from all walks of life have the opportunity to learn with and from each other.”
Civil rights groups criticized the Trump administration's announcement, saying it went against decades of court precedent permitting colleges to take race into account.
“We condemn the Department of Education's politically motivated attack on affirmative action and deliberate attempt to discourage colleges and universities from pursuing racial diversity at our nation's colleges and universities,” Kristen Clarke, president and executive director of the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, said in a statement.
Lily Eskelsen García, president of the National Education Association, said “affirmative action has proven to be one of the most effective ways to create diverse and inclusive classrooms.” They said the announcement underscored the stakes surrounding the upcoming Supreme Court appointment.
The high court has been generally accepting of considering race in admissions decisions to achieve diversity. In a 2016 opinion written by Kennedy, the court granted affirmative action policies a victory by permitting race to be among the factors considered in the college admission process.
The ruling bitterly disappointed conservatives who thought Kennedy would be part of a Supreme Court majority to outlaw affirmative action in education. Justice Antonin Scalia died after the court heard arguments in the case but before the decision was handed down.
The new affirmative action guidance may add to an already contentious fight over the next justice.
With Trump expected to announce their nominee next week, the issue should be a central part of any confirmation process, said Howard University law school dean Danielle Holley-Walker.
They called the new guidance “highly unfortunate and counterproductive” and said the decision is another indication that the Justice Department under Sessions is likely to be aggressive toward schools that do continue to factor in race in admissions decisions.
“People have been talking about precedent in regard to Roe. v. Wade” — the landmark 1973 ruling affirming a woman's right to abortion — “but it's important to remember that affirmative action has been a precedent for the past 40 years,” they said. “This is a clear attack on precedent. Any Supreme Court nominee needs to be asked if they support precedent related to affirmative action.”
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Mercedes-Benz-owner Daimler has taken a stake in Taxify in a funding round that values the ride-booking group at more than $1 billion (€863 million), the latest investment by the German carmaker into the growing world of ride-on-demand services.
Estonian start-up Taxify, which also counts China's Didi Chuxing as an investor, has raised $175 million as it aims to expand beyond its network of 40 cities in Europe and Africa.
Didi also participated in the round, along with European venture capital fund Korelya Capital and TransferWise co-founder Taavet Hinrikus, with more than $100 million of the investment coming from the German carmaker.
Under the latest deal Daimler will join Taxify's board. The carmaker may roll the service into its moovel app, a step that would increase Taxify's customer base by a quarter to 12.5 million, according to one person familiar with the German carmaker's thinking.
Jörg Lamparter, head of new services at Daimler, said: “Taxify is an ideal addition to our existing and extensive mobility services portfolio. With its fast-growing ride-hailing activities and extensive geographical coverage, Taxify is a perfect fit with Daimler.”
Car manufacturers are investing in ride-booking services as a way of entering the fledgling transport services market, in which consumers pay per ride rather than owning a car directly.
Revenue avenues
New partnerships also open new revenue avenues, with the possibility of selling vehicles directly to fleet operators.
In November Volvo agreed a $1.4 billion deal to sell 24,000 sports utility vehicles to Uber for use in self-driving fleets, while Jaguar Land Rover will sell Waymo – a division of Google's parent Alphabet – 20,000 electric Jaguars for its network.
Taxify, which is not developing autonomous systems but wants to focus on running a network of vehicles, is looking to Daimler for its leadership in engineering autonomous driving systems.
“Among all of the carmakers, we saw Daimler as the most progressive in both ride-sharing and autonomous cars,” Markus Villig, Taxify's founder, said.
The business, which started in 2013, operates in 40 cities across 25 countries but is aiming to open in “tens of cities” in the coming years, as well as scaling up in its current locations.
It expects to book about $1 billion worth of rides this year, although it remains lossmaking in many of its cities.
Daimler's investment also marks the latest move by the Mercedes owner into new technologies, coming on top of its taxi service MyTaxi and its tie-up with ride-sharing app Via. It joined SoftBank's $100 billion vision fund earlier this year.
The company also runs Car2Go, a car-sharing service that is merging with BMW's DriveNow operation.
Daimler's new app moovel allows consumers to use its existing on-demand services as well as to book transport options, from rail tickets to bike hire. – Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2018
Things we love in Deco: celebrites and makeup. And what we love the most is makeup that comes from celebrites. Deco caught up with beauty queen Lala Anthony, and we got the scoop on pretty and powerful things.
Lala Anthony is making a name for themselves in the makeup business.
She's the brains and face behind Motives for Lala.
Lala Anthony: “What I love about Motives as a whole is that we love to stay on top of the trends, so we're watching the trends, what people are doing.”
We caught up with Lala at the Market America World Conference at the American Airlines Arena.
They were showing off some of this season's best makeup looks.
Lala Anthony: “It's definitely targeting African-American and Hispanic women — those undertones — just making sure that the foundations and the concealers match.”
Lala Anthony: “For so long, when you bought makeup, you couldn't find makeup that worked for our skin tones — the olives and yellows in our skin, so we worked hard to find stuff that matches everybody.”
So, what's new with Motives for Lala?
Lala Anthony: “There's a velvet collection here — it's a lot of nudes, different colored nudes and dark nudes, which seems to be on trend and what everyone's doing.”
And turns out this makeup maven has them faves.
Lala Anthony: “I'm a lip gloss fanatic, so all the lip glosses I love. I love the palettes, the eye shadow palettes. We have so many different ones, so many different colors.”
Janel Quayle: “I love that this makeup line is by Lala. It brings a lot of credibility to the business. She's a TV mogul; their makeup is always on point.”
Since they know how to put on a happy face, we had to get some makeup tips.
Lala Anthony: “I think less is more. You can't go wrong with that. When you try to overdo it – especially if you're not a professional, or that's not what you do — it can get a little sketchy, so I would always say less is more.”
Lala is more than a pretty face. She's pretty busy, too.
She's a regular on the Starz network's hit show “Power.”
Lala Anthony: “Season 5 we're filming right now.”
They flew in from filming to show off their makeup and, of course, talk to Deco.
Lala Anthony: “It is a roller coaster ride. ‘Power' is a great show. As soon as you feel like you have it figured out, a curve is thrown in, and it's something completely different. But we're definitely coming back this summer, and everyone is looking forward to it.”
From “Power” to a powerful makeup business — Looks like Lala's singing a successful tune!
FOR MORE INFO:
Motives for Lala
www.motivescosmetics.com/love/la-la-anthony
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
It was one of those evenings where it felt as though driving down Caerwys' country lanes was a reenactment of a biblical flood, but in a Yaris rather than an ark.
The Piccadilly Inn stood like a luminous gateway between the windscreen wipers, boasting warm faces and the jovial clinking of glasses through its windows.
I silently praised myself for picking the only pub in the area where it's possible to park no more than three steps from the door, I'll be bringing my elderly grandmother for sure.
Perhaps our appreciation of the comforting interior was heightened by the storm outside, but one of if not the most noteworthy aspect of visiting this old inn is its authentic and rustic country style.
Although the centrepiece of the bar, a large log burner, was unfortunately unlit, the time it took my dad to drink their birthday Guinness he'd ordered on draught - kudos from a male perspective, I'm told - was enough for me to wander round the bar and restaurant and peek at the old hunting boots on the windowsill, the deer artwork on the high walls and the stuffed game and deer heads hanging like country gargoyles.
We were then asked - if not slightly rushed - to the eating area, but in fairness I had booked an impromptu meal at 8.30pm on a week night, so I thanked the waiter for accommodating us at such short notice.
My eclectic choice of ginger-beer to drink and seared swordfish as a main was oddly enjoyable and frankly I didn't get a chance to sample my dad's braised feather blade of beef because their porcelain plate was cleared shortly after I'd finished seasoning my own vegetables. A good sign, I take it, as was their satiated smile and nod of approval at the swordfish he'd tried from my plate.
This is where my tendency to compartmentalise my food proved annoying - starting with the peppers, mangetout and potatoes to ‘get rid of the boring ones was a mistake, as the tender swordfish was slightly cooled by the time I reached the ‘best bit'.
Nonetheless, the vegetable sauce resembled sweet chili, my favourite relish, and diverged from the ordinarily bland garden vegetable side dish. As a keen pescetarian, I'm glad something other than salmon and mash was on the menu.
The team of staff had the ‘I'm here but I won't get in your way' vibe, and after we politely declined desserts, I resorted to hovering outside the staff area for no more than a minute, out of my dad's view, holding a chocolate cake in a box with candles.
“No problem,” beamed the waiter and fair play, they came in five minutes later holding the fire hazard – I'll omit the number of candles for my dad's modesty – and led the nearly empty restaurant into a modest chorus of Happy Birthday.
If the biggest fault of the evening was that I asked for lemonade with my orange, not water, then there is much to be said about this little countryside gem. The food was perfectly homey yet oozed standard, and as a local, I know during game season, they certainly get their ‘game' on.
To avoid the minor drink error, next time I'll order a glass of their specialty Boo's Mulberry Gin rather than an orange, to help digest their upcoming four-course Christmas menus.
No doubt we'll be back again soon this winter, where the log burner will hopefully be blazing, the ambience of Christmas in the countryside floating across the beams, and the roomy bar filled with happy punters as it's known to be of a weekend.
Oh, and with no change nor the card machine's ability to add a tip, the serving staff were more than happy to recompense with birthday cake.
ZAGREB: In Croatia's first children's book about “rainbow families,” two mothers help their son Roko put on their skis. It's part of a simple story aimed at changing attitudes in the staunchly Catholic country.
Created for kindergarten-age children, the picture book describes the everyday life of two four-year-olds: Ana, who has two fathers, and Roko with their two mothers.
“Ana likes it when their dads read them a good night story,” says the caption under one of the illustrations.
“Last year, mom Ines and mom Lucija helped Roko put on skis for the first time,” says another.
“Some find Roko's family unusual at first. But that doesn't bother Roko, since both of their moms love to make them banana pancakes, which they adore.”
Daniel Martinovic of Rainbow Families, an association of lesbian, gay and transgender people who have or plan to have children, launched the book in the capital Zagreb last month.
“We made it for our children, because we wanted them to be able to read about families like ours,” said the information-technology expert and “proud parent” of a three-year-old.
Looking at the book, “my child said: ‘it's me,'” the 36-year-old told Agence France-Presse.
The launch of “My Rainbow Family” was attended by a few dozen guests and numerous reporters—but no children of same-sex parents.
Martinovic said gay parents were still afraid of prejudice, condemnation and potentially violent reactions in the conservative country of 4.2 million people.
“My biggest concern is that my child sees me or my partner being attacked,” they added.
‘Controversial' literature
Nearly 90 percent of Croatians are Roman Catholic, and a Church-backed group last month criticized the book, which it described as “controversial.”
“It is an action hiding a clear political and ideological agenda,” the Vigilare organization said in an open letter to the country's education minister.
The group claimed that the publication would be donated to schools and kindergartens and asked the minister to consider blocking this, but Rainbow Families denied such donations were being planned.
Five hundred initial copies of the book were published for distribution, free of charge, to those interested. An online edition is also available in Croatian and English at www.dugineobitelji.com.
While the book was conceived for children of same-sex parents, it can help other youngsters, including those adopted or living with grandparents or a single parent, said co-author Ivo Segota.
“These are all realities that exist in Croatia,” said the 35-year-old biologist, who is gay and hopes to have children with their partner.
Gradual changes
Croatia, the European Union's newest member state since 2013, has seen a gradual liberalization of gay rights in recent years, with homosexual couples able to register as “life partners” since 2014.
The law granted them the same rights as heterosexual married couples on matters such as property, inheritance, tax, health and social insurance.
But it did not include provisions regulating the adoption of children, leaving it down to state-run bodies, such as social welfare centres or tribunals, to decide on individual applications.
And attitudes in patriarchal Croatian society appear to be changing at a slower pace than the law.
Visits to the doctor or a first day at school still draw whispers and sideways glances, same-sex parents say.
Recent years have also seen a growing wave of nationalism and hardline conservatism.
Rainbow Families, which has about 80 members, provides education to social workers to try and improve the situation for families of same-sex parents.
Last year, a gay couple filed the country's first lawsuit for discrimination in the adoption process, after a social-welfare center rejected their adoption request. They are awaiting a hearing.
“The situation is changing for the better, and we hope that one day… families won't be afraid of being different,” Martinovic said.
Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls Market: Introduction
Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls offers sound absorption technology specifically for the extremely noisy outdoor environment such as transportation and building infrastructures. Also, the Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls are available in numerous number of attractive colors and specification to meet the requirements for attaining attractive designs at the area of application. The panel is very light in weight that makes them excellent sound proofing solution for roof top equipment as well as machinery that require noise control for public living in neighbors. The Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls supports the design that efficiently integrates with structures located at roof and mitigate generated sounds both for old structures and new buildings. Moreover, the noise from large commercial and industrial manufacturing plants along with growing traffic are emerging as critical environmental issue for the surrounding communities across all parts of the globe. As a result, the demand for improved sound mitigation solutions for infrastructures such as commercial buildings, manufacturing plants and transport infrastructures have been increasing at a notable pace. The major advantage of using Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls are low installation cost and long-term durability.
Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls Market: Drivers and Restraints
The excessive noise is one of the most common health hazards in today environments that may lead to serious health problems. As a result, the need for better noise control practices is increasing across all parts of the globe. The Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls have emerged as preferred noise control solution for carrying out work in road or rail routes as well construction in urban areas. However, the new regulations and standard especially in the developed part of the globe will play major role in continuous growth of the market. Adding to this, the common people are becoming aware of negative consequences of continuous exposure to sound that will also further boost the new rules regarding the noise reduction. One of the major restraint to the market growth of the global Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls market is expected to be negatively impacted by the next generation industrial machinery & equipment that come with inbuilt silencers that might reduce the demand for walls and panel. However, the market drivers will offset the challenges ultimately resulting in the huge demand of the Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls. The new products being introduced in the market are coming with added properties such as high impact resistance and fire resistance along with integration option with transparent panel and doors to avoid any kind of movement through the panels.
Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls Market: Segmentation
On the basis of material, the Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls market can be segmented into:
Metal
Polyester
Polyvinyl chloride
Fiberglass
Wood
On the basis of cement content, the Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls market can be segmented into:
Cement Free
Ultra-Low Cement
Low Cement
Conventional
Insulating
On the basis of Application, the Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls market can be segmented into:
Residential
Commercial
Industrial
Institutional
Utilities
Rooftop Equipment
Transportation
Oil & Gas
Water/Wastewater
Others
Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls Market: Region-Wise Outlook
The global Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls market is segmented into seven key regions: North America, Latin America, Western Europe and Eastern Europe, Asia Pacific Excluding Japan (APEJ), Japan and Middle East and Africa (MEA). In the coming years, Western Europe, Japan and North America will register attractive growth owing to its strict environmental regulations and growing concern noise pollution. Asia Pacific is expected to hold major share in Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls market due to rapid ongoing development activities in emerging countries of this region. The MEA, Latin America and Eastern Europe will also register increase in the construction activities thereby driving the regional market.
Request sample: https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/23476
Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls Market: Market Participants
Examples of some of the market participants identified across the value chain of the global Outdoor Noise/Sound Barrier Panels & Walls market include:
The similarities between white women's support of Moore and their support of Trump is indicative of a larger historical trend I've written about before, in the aftermath of the 2016 U.S. presidential election. White women ally themselves with white men for what they believe is their own gain, security, and assurance, while not realizing the harm caused by the internalized misogyny that fuels their cognitive dissonance and consequential support of men who abuse women.
The historical narrative, as I detailed following Trump's win, illustrates how white women have thwarted the women's rights movement from the 19th century onward. They did so by deliberately building coalitions with white men, and specifically racist white men who fought for a version of American traditionalism blatantly rooted in America's foundations of slavery and systemic racism.
White female suffragists chose alliances with these men rather than forming alliances with black and brown women because they wanted power — rights and privileges — and knew that the people who could give them those rights and privileges were the people already in power: white men. White supremacy, therefore, was white women's savior and solace — it was the source of their power. This pragmatism fomented racism, deepening racial and ethnic divisions between women that effectively crippled the women's movement.
Given the historical conservatism of Alabama as a solid “red” state, there is no reason to doubt the likelihood of a Moore victory. In the 2016 presidential election, Donald Trump won Alabama by twenty-eight points running against Hillary Clinton.
White women have thwarted the women's rights movement from the 19th century onward.
Sometimes, internalized misogyny is masked by apathy, which, at worst, implies agreement and consensus with anti-women sentiment and behavior. For example, in a question from the Washington Post-Schar School poll that highlights Moore's “unwanted advances” toward teenage girls, the largest percentage of respondents said that they have “no opinion” about Moore's alleged sexual assault and harassment of several young women. “No opinion” smacks of indifference, a turning-the-other-cheek, an avoidance—in other words, complicity. It is complicity with (sexual) violence against women and girls, and complicity with men's behavior in committing these crimes.
In the follow-up question, respondents who said they had “no opinion” or that they do not believe the allegations against Moore justified their beliefs using a bevy of misogynistic statements: that either “the women's stories are not believable” or that the allegations are simply a political hit-job because they “were made shortly before the election.”
The failure or refusal to believe women who have been subject to violence also bespeaks the kind of misogyny that discredits and erases women. Often other women perpetrate this strategy—as evident in Moore defender Jane Porter's outlandish comments on CNN earlier this week in which they circumvented the sexual assault accusations by asserting that there is a “group of non-accusers” who should be listened to as well.
Sometimes, internalized misogyny is masked by apathy, which, at worst, implies agreement and consensus with anti-women sentiment and behavior.
Yet, the fact women fail to support other women, given the shared history of oppression and objectification that women have faced collectively, never ceases to shock and amaze. There are some women—white women in particular—who would rather cleave onto abusive men rather than support other women.
French feminist Simone de Beauvoir proffered an insightful reason for this noticeable lack of female collectivity in their seminal text, The Second Sex (1949). They explained that the history of women's lack of collectivity and arguable complicity with their oppression inheres in the morality that underlies heterosexuality—that women belong to men, and that they form a perfect unit and union when with men:
“[W]omen lack concrete means for organizing themselves into a unit which can stand face to face with the correlative unit,” de Beauvoir wrote. “They have no past, no history, no religion of their own; and they have no such solidarity of work and interest as that of the proletariat…. They live dispersed among the males, attached through residence, housework, economic condition, and social standing to certain men—fathers or husbands—more firmly than they are to other women. If they belong to the bourgeoisie, they feel solidarity with men of that class, not with proletarian women; if they are white, their allegiance is to white men, not to Negro women…. The bond that unites them to their oppressors is not comparable to any other.”
The woman is, therefore, the “second” sex. Never the first. Never independent. And the force of this history — of patriarchy — has informed not only how men see and treat women, but how women see and treat themselves.
Marcie Bianco is a writer and the managing editor of the Clayperson Institute for Gender Research at Stanford University.
ERBIL (Sputnik) — Huge flags of Daesh terrorist group could be seen two kilometers (1.2 miles) away from the surroundings of the Iraqi town of Hawija.
“The Qubeiba village is in front of us, there is a large flag of Daesh. This suggests that an important ‘emir' is in the area,” Hussein Yazdanpanah, the commander of the military wing of the Kurdish Freedom Party (PAK), said, pointing ahead.
PESHMERGA AT GATE OF DAESH
More than three years ago, Daesh captured Hawija and its vicinity in the northern province of Kirkuk. The town became one of the main Daesh strongholds in Iraq.
The area is rich in oil and processing plants, and also played an important transport role for Daesh, as Hawija was on the way between the Daesh “vilayets” in Tikrit and Baiji, from where you can get to Mosul and the Iraqi borders with Syria and Turkey.
Despite the fact that in October 2016, the Iraqi government announced the beginning of the operation “We Are Coming, Nineveh” in order to liberate Mosul, and Tikrit and Baiji had been freed before, Hawija was waiting and is waiting for its freedom. With the fall of Mosul in July, the terrorists have moved their main headquarters to Hawija.
“The distance between the Peshmerga forces concentrated here and Daesh before us to the right and left varies from a mile to three miles,” Yazdanpanah stated.
These units of Peshmerga are ordered to protect the borders of the Hawija region. Fighters are, in particular, at the southern outskirts of the town of Dibis.
According to the commander, as the PAK forces were working on the cleanup of the earthen road near the latest positions they had taken, the militants were placing bombs and mines every night to impede their progress. The capture of the part of the Batiwa mountain chain to the north of Hawija by the Kurds frayed terrorists' nerves.
SCORPIO 1, 2 & 3
“Any army that captures the mountains rises above the region, and the Batiwa mountains are like a belt encompassing Kirkuk and the town of Dibis,” Yazdanpanah explained.
They added that the entire region was oil-rich, with dozens of oil wells, companies and refiners located here. The Kurds managed to defend both the oil facilities and the people of Kirkuk, regaining control over at least a part of the mountain range, they say, adding that the operations were launched shortly after the capture of Hawija and were dubbed Scorpio 1, 2 and 3.
“The ferocity of the fighting in the area shows how important it is for Daesh, as well as for us. Months after Daesh has captured Hawija and its surroundings, the operations under our command started in the Batiwa mountains, dubbed Scorpio 1, in November 2014, and we managed to liberate the positions in accordance with our plan,” the commander said.
The Scorpio 2 in March 2014 was also successful.
“The operation led to regaining the territories of Mullah Abdullah villages, but the Daesh terrorists stayed in the mountains, they are digging tunnels to break through our lines,” Yazdanpanah noted.
This tactic is dangerous both for the Kurdish forces and the civilians, as the terrorists can reach Kirkuk and Dibis through the tunnels to carry out terrorist attack and can come as close as several kilometers to the first passage to Erbil, the capital of Iraqi Kurdistan.
“Daesh groups cannot carry out attacks against us, because their movements are controlled by the intelligence and military air forces. So they have started to use a new method of attacking in small groups, and they manage to hide and arrive to conduct suicide attacks and terrorist acts in Kirkuk, Dibis and surrounding villages,” the commander stressed.
CONFIGURATION OF FORCES
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Abadi promised after the liberation of Mosul, that the army would soon take up Hawija “with the same determination.” The PAK members, whose numbers do not exceed hundreds, are meanwhile standing across a long range of desolate territories controlled by Daesh.
“The Hawija basin before us consists of the town Hawija, four suburbs and 500 villages, and they are all controlled by the terrorist group,” Yazdanpanah said.
They claim that civilian population has left the villages closest to the units, and that Peshmerga helped them to find asylum.
“The territories across the Peshmerga positions became free of civilians. We accepted thousands of refugees since we had liberated this region in 2015. One average one thousand people were coming per day, and we searched and checked them before transporting them to camps in Kirkuk,” the commander said, adding that no civilians are coming out to Peshmerga now, as everyone left in the villages are Daesh terrorists.
FIGHT FOR EVERY METER
Yazdanpanah emphasized that the region was of special importance for their people.
“Thus region was part of the Sykes-Picot Agreement [of 1916 on agreeing on spheres of interests in the Middle East between the United Kingdom and France, assented to by Russia], and over the past 90 years the agreement has brought a lot of suffering for the Kurdish people,” they explained, adding that the Kurds insist on its complete liberation and “will not leave a single meter of it.”
The commander is an active supporter of the independence referendum of Iraqi Kurdistan, stressing that Kirkuk is its integral part.
“Kirkuk is completely Kurdish, and we will all take part in the independence referendum of the Kurdistan region, and we will ace any force, whether it's Daesh or Hashd Shaabi (Shia militia), if they want to step over our rights, our territory and our dignity,” Yazdanpanah outlined.
Iraqi Kurdistan intends to hold the independence referendum on September 25 despite criticism from Baghdad, Tehran and Washington.
© Sputnik/ Hikmet Durgun
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Middle East
Over the weekend at Coachella music festival one individual decided to steal about 100 phones, but completely forgot that people can track those things now.
Police arrested New York resident Reinaldo De Jesus Henao on Friday after several people couldn't find their phones and wisely activated the “Find My Phone” feature, which pointed them to a guy walking around with a backpack, according to the Indio Police Department.
Police took Henao to a correctional center where they were charged with grand theft and possession of stolen property, but they walked out after putting up the $10,000 required to bail them out.
Several known associates of the Red Scorpion gang have been charged following a multi-month investigation targeting drug trafficking activities in Kamloops, says an RCMP representative.
The charges are a result of multiple operations undertaken by the Kamloops Targeted Enforcement Unit between October 2016 and March 2017, said Cpl. Jodi Shelkie.
The first was on Dec. 1, 2016, when a vehicle was stopped north of Merritt. A substantial quantity of Canadian currency was seized as a result of a search of that vehicle.
Charges were laid against the driver, Gregory Wilson of Coquitlam as well as Brandon Chappell of Kamloops for Possession of Property Obtained by Crime Over $5,000.
Following that, Kamloops RCMP executed search warrants on Jan. 14 at the Heavy Metal Gym and the residence of Chappell.
Related: Red Scorpions co-founder killed in Kamloops shooting
Within Chappell's home police allege they located another substantial quantity of Canadian cash, drugs and a firearm.
As a result, additional charges were laid against Chappell for Possession of Property Obtained by Crime Over $5,000, Possession of a Controlled Substance for the Purpose of Trafficking and Unlawful Possession of a Firearm.
On March 30, Kamloops RCMP again executed search warrants at the residence of Chappell and additionally Erwin Dagle of Kamloops.
“Within Chappell's home police located a large sum of Canadian currency resulting in a third charge of Possession of Property Obtained by Crime,” said Shelkie.
“Within the home of Dagle, police located and seized a large sum of Canadian currency, bulk supplies of cocaine, methamphetamine, heroin, fentanyl and carfentanil which resulted in five counts of Possession of a Controlled Substance for the Purpose of Trafficking and Possession of Property Obtained by Crime.”
Related: Kamloops turf war for drug trade
During the course of these investigations, Kamloops RCMP seized $191,445.00 in cash, 1.3 kg of cocaine, 56 grams of heroin, 448 grams of fentanyl, 717 grams of methamphetamine, 231 grams of MDMA and one firearm.
Additional operations were executed by the Kamloops Targeted Enforcement Unit following these events.
“These operations included the arrest of street -level traffickers and the subsequent execution of a search warrant into a hotel room within Kamloops during which time additional bulk supplies of controlled substances were seized,” said Shelkie.
“These matters have been forwarded to Crown for charge approval against several other persons associated to this group.”
On the evening of Dec. 7, Chappell, 30, and Dagle, 23, were both arrested in Kamloops without incident.
An arrest warrant for Gregory Wilson, 29, remains outstanding.
All three men were previously known to police.
Related: Gang life laid out in Bacon shooting trial
“Kamloops RCMP prioritize the investigation of violent organized crime groups who traffic drugs in our community. The investigations are lengthy and complex in nature as the targets are typically sophisticated and dedicate their full time to committing these crimes as secretly as possible,” said Staff Sgt. Simon Pillay.
“This case is an example of the motivated nature of those allegedly involved. Despite overt enforcement action, these drug activities continued on until those involved were eventually arrested and charged.”
Shelkie said gangs and their associates have a “callous disregard for the safety of others” when disputes erupt.
“Kamloops RCMP's number one focus is to keep our community safe. We will continue to take strong enforcement action against those individuals and groups that involve themselves in the drug trade and any activities involving violence that supports the drug culture,” said Shelkie.
To report a typo, email:
newstips@kelownacapnews.com.
@carmenweld
carmen.weld@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
“Drugs Seized from DAGLE's Residence. March 30, 2017.” Image credit: Kamloops RCMP
“Cash Seized from CHAPPELL's Residence. March 30, 2017.” Image credit: Kamloops RCMP
Theresa May is back from holiday and the Brexit work continues in earnest. Over the next few days, two key papers – spelling out detail on the customs union and the Irish border – will be published. There's no doubt, says the Times, that this ‘is a crucial week for Brexit'. ‘After more than a year of disagreement and drift', there are now some ‘encouraging signs' that things are slowly being put in order: the joint article written by Philip Hammond and Liam Fox and which was published yesterday advocating a transition period, is one such sign. The publication of reports ‘to flesh out the banal slogans' touted so frequently so far, will also help matters, suggests the Times. Yet the paper is also worried the process may now be happening too quickly. With ‘too much time wasted', the need for clarity is vital; yet, rushing things is ‘foolish'. It's clear that ‘not enough time' has been given over to dealing with the Brexit process. The big ‘danger' of being too quick in preparation now is that poorly thought through papers could have ‘to be altered or scrapped half way though the bargaining in Brussels if they prove unfeasible'. Given that Theresa May is already no stranger to making a U-turn, ‘this could have as dire consequences for the Brexit negotiating team as it had for Conservative Party credibility'.
The Guardian meanwhile aims its criticism at Donald Trump, saying the President's failure to directly condemn white nationalists following the violence in Virginia could show that ‘America may be on the road to perdition'. ‘There is absolutely no moral equivalence', argues the paper, between the white nationalists and those on the other side ‘who demonstrated peacefully against them'. Yet despite the death of a protester clearly being brought about by an act of terrorism, the Guardian says Trump ‘utterly failed in their primary duty to uphold equality and speak the truth'. The key role of the head of state in situations like these is to ‘stand up'. But ‘Mr Trump was found wanting,' the Guardian concludes.
Donald Trump's words also come in for criticism in the FT. The paper argues that the President's denouncing of violence ‘on many sides ‘drew ‘a moral equivalence between the counter-protesters and the armed white supremacists'. Some have said Trump's words are a ‘dog whistle' to their ‘target audience', But for the FT this gives ‘the president and their team more credit than they deserve'. Instead, ‘the statement had the subtlety of a billy club', says the paper, which agrees with the Guardian that one of the president's key duties – to ‘provide moral leadership' – isn't being fulfilled with Trump in the White House.
The Sun meanwhile opts for a lighter subject: Jeremy Hunt's £44,000 taxpayer-funded toilet, which the Health Secretary has had installed in their office. ‘It's especially galling' given the savings being imposed on the NHS, which is ‘trying to save £22billion by 2020', says the paper. It is 'dead wrong', says the Sun, for Hunt to be given such a privilege. On the back of ‘years of talking about the need for cuts', one thing is now clear: ‘Mr Hunt…looks a right hypocrite'
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City youngster Dan Scarr will remain with League Two Wycombe Wanderers until the end of the season.
The 22-year-old had been due to return to St Andrew's in the New Year but has had their loan extended after a promising first half of the campaign.
Scarr signed for Blues from non-league Stourbridge towards the end of last season but quickly picked up an injury which curtailed their involvement with the development team set-up.
They returned to fitness over the summer and after training with the first team early on they were rewarded with a chance to join the club against whom they sprung to prominence in an FA Cup tie in January.
Since then they have done well for Gareth Ainsworth's men and has made 13 appearances and helped the Chairboys to fifth in League Two.
Fronting-up
Birmingham City were beaten for the ninth time on the road this season as they went down 1-0 to Fulham on Saturday.
Sheyi Ojo put the hosts in front at Craven Cottage before Jeremie Boga missed a penalty for Blues.
Asked in their post-match press conference if they had a message for the 4000 travelling supporters, Cotterill said: “I suppose I haven't really got one at the moment," but added that they understood their frustrations. “Of course I do, they have had it for a long time. Of course I do. And I take the brunt of it don't I?”.
Some fans had hung around afterwards while the players and staff were boarding the team coach to ask them about the defeat.
Jonathan Grounds, Michael Morrison, Sam Gallagher, Maikel Kieftenbeld and Lukas Jutkiewicz were among those who spoke with supporters.
And so did Cotterill - the manager taking a group aside to speak at length.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
You can see what was said by watching the Fulham1879 Fan TV clip from around 11 minutes and 40 seconds in.
The Global Healthcare IOT Security Market is currently valued at $4.8 billion and will reach $15.82 billion growing at a CAGR of 22%. The growth factors responsible for this explosive growth are cross transferability of the IoT security to a variety of sectors, huge savings due to increasing automation thus causing high adoption among end users, greater integration of devices in the internet ecology, development of smart devices requiring increasing security and rise in R&D expenditure due to increasing awareness about the technology potential and prospects.
The Internet of things (IoT) is the inter-networking of smart devices and infrastructure including buildings embedded with electronics, software, sensors, actuators, and network connectivity that enable these objects to collect and exchange data with minimal manual interference. The system can also be remotely controlled and is highly automated across existing network infrastructure, resulting in improved efficiency, accuracy and economic benefit in addition to reduced human intervention.
Get Sample PDF Illustration @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/804 .
Key Players for Global Healthcare IOT Security Market
IBM Corporation, Cisco Systems Inc., Intel Corporation, Oracle Corporation, Sophos Group Plc., Symantec Corporation, Trend Micro Inc., and others
Segments for Global Healthcare IOT Security Market
Global Healthcare IOT Security Market has been segmented on the basis of component, software and services, applications, by connectivity technology, by application endpoint and by end-users.
Regional Analysis for Global Healthcare IOT Security Market
Globally North America is the largest market for Global Healthcare IOT Security Market. Europe is the second-largest market for Global Healthcare IOT Security Market. However, the developing regions market particularly Asia Pacific will be the fastest growing and will be the key to the future.
Get Prime Discount on Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/804 .
Some Brief Table of Contents of Report
Chapter 1. Report Prologue
Chapter 2. Market Introduction
2.1 Definition
2.2 Scope Of The Study
2.2.1 Research Objective
2.2.2 Assumptions
2.2.3 Limitations
Chapter 3. Research Methodology
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Primary Research
3.3 Secondary Research
3.4 Market Size Estimation
Chapter 4. Market Dynamics
4.1 Drivers
4.2 Restrains
4.3 Opportunities
4.4 Challenges
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
4.6 Technology Trends & Assessment
Chapter 5. Market Factor Analysis
5.1 Porters Five Forces Analysis
5.1.1 Bargaining Power Of Suppliers
TOC Continued…
LIST OF TABLES
TABLE 1 GLOBAL HEALTHCARE IoT SECURITY MARKET, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION)
TABLE 2 GLOBAL HEALTHCARE IoT SECURITY MARKET, BY COMPONENT, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION)
TABLE 3 GLOBAL HEALTHCARE IoT SECURITY MARKET, BY APPLICATIONS, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION)
TABLE 4 GLOBAL HEALTHCARE IoT SECURITY MARKET, BY END-USERS, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION)
TABLE 5 GLOBAL HEALTHCARE IoT SECURITY MARKET, BY REGION, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION)
LIST OF FIGURES
FIGURE 1 RESEARCH PROCESS
FIGURE 2 PORTERS FIVE FORCES MODEL
FIGURE 3 GLOBAL HEALTHCARE IoT SECURITY MARKET, BY COMPONENT
FIGURE 4 GLOBAL HEALTHCARE IoT SECURITY MARKET, BY APPLICATIONS
FIGURE 5 GLOBAL HEALTHCARE IoT SECURITY MARKET, BY END-USERS
FIGURE 6 GLOBAL HEALTHCARE IoT SECURITY MARKET, BY REGION
Continued…
Access Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/global-healthcare-iot-security-market-804 .
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Statistical Report, Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Contact Us:
Market Research Future
Hadapsar, Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
Phone: +1 646 845 9312
THE Consulate General of the Philippines in Agana has placed Guam and the Northern Mariana islands on Alert level 1, meaning Filipinos there should be vigilant because the situation is out of the ordinary.
The Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA) approved the recommendation of the Consul General in Agana to declare the alert level in order to remind Filipinos living and working in the area to be aware of unfolding events.
In an advisory dated August 13, 2017, Consul General Marciano de Borja urged Filipinos to pay special attention to advisories being issued by Homeland Security and civil defense officials.
“All Filipinos are reminded to be ready to respond to any critical incident by having their passports and other documents readily on hand and to prepare a grab bag with essential supplies, including food and water,” de Borja said.
The consul general however made it clear that placing Guam and the Northern Mariana Islands on Alert Level 1 is not intended to cause alarm or panic, but to encourage Filipinos to be vigilant and prepared should any critical incident arise.
Under Alert level 1, Filipinos in Guam, Saipan, Tinian and Rota are urged to monitor reports from reliable media outlets and official advisories from the Government of Guam and Guam Homeland Security-Office of Civil Defense.
Filipinos were also advised to stay in touch with their families and friends.
Foreign Affairs Secretary Alan Peter Cayetano has assured the public that contingency measures are in place in case North Korea fires missiles towards Guam.
De Borja said despite the heated exchange of rhetorics between Pyongyang and the United States, life in Guam remains normal, with foreign tourists flocking to beaches and shopping districts in Guam.
Peaceful solution
Cayetano said the Philippines, as chairperson of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean), is ready to help find a peaceful resolution to the rising conflict in the Korean Peninsula.
The country, they said, can push a diplomatic approach and try to convince all parties concerned to keep the channels of dialogue open.
“Both sides are talking about national security but there will be no national security if there's a nuclear war,” Cayetano said.
Tensions in the Korean Peninsula have increased because of the threat of North Korea to fire a missile near Guam.
President Donald Trump warned Pyongyang the US would respond with “fire and fury.”
Cayetano said the threat is real.
Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana admitted that the Philippines can only hope that the crisis will not lead to a nuclear war.
“We don't have any defense. We do not have patriot anti-missile defense that Americans, South Koreans and Japanese have,” they told reporters.
Cayetano on the other hand advised Filipinos in Guam, Korea and Japan to stay calm and go on with their daily lives.
They said embassy officials in the three countries were ordered to regularly provide updates, though social media, to Filipinos on unfolding events and what preparations should be undertaken.
Central Coast collective offers assessments and retrofits that integrate solar technology with other with energy-saving modifications
Allen Associates and NRG Answers LLC have teamed up to retrofit Central Coast businesses with energy-saving modifications.
“Many people are not fully aware how easy and relatively inexpensive some energy-efficiency changes can be and how the comfort, safety, quality and fair market value can all be enhanced,” said Mike Hackett, founder of NRG Answers, a new efficiency and green energy consulting business.
NRG and Allen Associates, a Santa Barbara residential contractor that specializes in green energy, have formed the Green Energy Collective. It brings together service providers to offer free deep energy assessments so an owner can implement the most cost-effective methods for increasing a property's energy efficiency, reducing operating costs, saving on utility bills and improving the building's environment.
The collective integrates solar technology with energy efficiency and smart building automation systems, which can result in 50 percent to 100 percent energy savings, said Lucas Johnson, manager for Allen Associates' Building Performance Specialists Division.
“It's bringing buildings into the 21st century instead of just doing Band-Aid approaches,” said Johnson, a graduate of the UCSB Bren School of Environmental Science & Management. “Solar is great, but you need to do efficiency with it. A lot of times efficiency involves changing a light bulb, you are not getting deep into how the building is operating.”
Although Santa Barbara has prided itself on environmental leadership through initiatives such as the Community Environmental Council's 2030 Challenge to reduce energy consumption, Johnson said the city isn't moving quickly enough.
“We are quickly going to get left behind in the residential and commercial markets, especially in energy efficiency, which is the easiest step to become more eco-friendly,” they said.
Under Assembly Bill 1103, commercial business owners are required to disclose a building's energy performance so prospective buyers can compare rankings. Hackett said that if a business has an Energy Star rating of 75 or above, property values increase by an average of 16 percent and rent rates increase 3 percent.
“Although you have to spend money upfront, the savings you are generating are often greater than your loan payment,” Johnson said.
The partners are targeting larger commercial businesses and offer anything from a complete retrofit to lighting replacement. They are actively seeking financing partnerships with local community banks. The payback period for certain energy-saving modifications can be as little as one year, Johnson said.
“A lot of building owners haven't been approached with an analysis of how energy efficiency really benefits their bottom line,” Hackett said. “Act now before the incentives expire.”
— Noozhawk business writer Alex Kacik can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
MPDS
Acrobatic Yoga & Pilates Studio
Mazaya Business Avenue – Tower
AA1 – First Al Khail, St. Jumeirah Towers
Dubai,
U.A.E
Telephone: +97 (0) 56 259 7911
Email: dubai@milanpoledance.com
More and more people are striving to lead happy and fulfilling lives, but how does any of this relate to yoga?
Yoga classes in Dubai are an effective mental health and stress reliever that brings joy to people who are able to connect to it in the form of exercise. It is not just a way to engage in physical fitness but also a great way to reduce anxiety and distress. In short, it is a psychological stress reliever.
It is a well known fact that exercise releases endorphin, a feel-good chemical that gives way to energy and happiness. Exercise is an effective way to combat depression and other mental anxieties. The release of endorphin wills not only make people feel better but also power them through to achieving the next level of physical fitness. Yoga brings serenity and peace of mind amidst the chaos that surrounds daily life. Yoga classes in Dubai provide mental relief from difficult and challenging situations.
And let's not forget that yoga is a fantastic way to burn calories. While it may not seem the obvious choice of exercisers to lose weight, it does impact weight loss. As people become more self aware of their body and emotions, they learn to control harmful elements such as starving or overeating that can directly lead to weight gain. The Head of MPDS had this to say, “Yoga classes in Dubai benefits people in different ways, but more importantly makes health and happiness a priority to helping you lead a happy and satisfying life.”
About Us
MPDS Acrobatics Yoga and Pilates Studio is the first step to achieving your fitness dreams. Whether it is to have a perfectly toned body, lose weight or learn a new fitness skill, the studio is the best place to achieve it. Enjoy walking out with confidence, high level of self-esteem and a great mood. Become flexible, physically fit and mentally strong. For more information, visit our website on http://www.mpds.ae/
Crawley's Christmas revellers will have a little bit of extra help to stay hydrated and out of trouble this festive season.
It might feel cold enough outside for snow angels but that won't stop the Water Angels heading out in Crawley this Christmas.
The Water Angels will be back in the town centre in December to ‘keep a good night good' by handing out drinking water.
Part of an award-winning campaign, the angels aim to reduce alcohol-related anti-social behaviour and prevent people from becoming a victim of crime.
By encouraging people to drink water as part of their night out, it is also hoped to reduce ambulance call-outs and A&E attendances.
Debbie Kennard, West Sussex County Council's Cabinet Member for Safer, Stronger Communities, said: “Jaws might drop when people first see the angels in Crawley but they won't be left with dry mouths.
“The Water Angels have been giving out water to revellers for a number of years now – preventing hangovers and having an effect on the level of anti-social behaviour. If you see them in town then be sure to stop and ‘keep a good night good'.”
In partnership with the Safer Crawley Partnership, the Water Angels will be in Crawley on Friday 15 December, visiting a number of bars within the town and handing out cups of water from 10pm to 1am.
Councillor Michael Jones, Chair of the Safer Crawley Partnership, said: “The Water Angels have been popular every time they have visited Crawley so I'm delighted to see them return, spreading their message of safe and responsible festive enjoyment.”
But the Water Angels don't just dust of their wings for the festive season.
Earlier this year they also made appearances at Goodwood Racecourse.
Sam Hanson, Sport PR Executive at Goodwood, said: “The Water Angels have been a terrific addition to the Three Friday Nights fixtures and Qatar Goodwood Festival at Goodwood Racecourse, helping to support our responsible drinking message by ensuring guests drink plenty of water and stay hydrated during their day or night.”
To find out more about the campaign, and the benefits of drinking water, visit www.water-angel.co.uk.
A jail officer and a security guard were wounded in an ambush by unidentified gunmen in Barangay Guadalupe, Cebu City at about 7:30 a.m. on Monday. Police identified the victims as Jail Insp. Edwin Sarcon, 53, of the Bureau of Jail Management and Penology in Central Visayas (BJMP-7) and security guard Francisco Almoradas Jr., 36. Senior Police Officer 1 Winston Ybañez, homicide investigator of Cebu City Police Office, said Sarcon was driving their silver Isuzu MUX (AEC 6613) on their way to work that stopped on a red traffic light at the corner of V. Rama and R. Duterte Street when they heard a burst of gunfire. They then saw the gunman from the back firing shots at him. Sarcon, former jail warden of Talisay City Jail, tried to fire back using their 9mm pistol but failed to fire as the magazine dropped. With a graze wound on their nape, Saicon managed to get out of their vehicle and ran to the BJMP-7 office less than 100 meters away from the crime scene. They were later brought to Cebu City Hospital. On the other hand, Almoradas, riding their motorcycle that stopped beside Sarcon's car, sustained a gunshot wound on their left leg. Police recovered three empty shells of a caliber .45 pistol and three shells of a 9mm firearm. Ybañez said it was possible that two assailants fired at Sarcon's SUV.
WASHINGTON, D.C.: US President Donald Trump on Thursday (Friday in Manila) insisted Iran has not acted in keeping with a deal to curb its nuclear program, days before they must decide on the future of the accord.
Advertisements
“They have not lived up to the spirit of the agreement,” said Trump, as they huddled with military leaders ahead of perhaps the most consequential foreign policy decision of their young presidency.
“The Iranian regime supports terrorism and exports violence and chaos across the Middle East,” Trump said in the Cabinet Room.
“That is why we must put an end to Iran's continued aggression and nuclear ambitions” they said. “You will be hearing about Iran very shortly.”
Gathered with military leaders and their spouses for a function after the meeting, Trump, stone-faced, said “this may be the calm before the storm,” while refusing to go into detail.
Trump must tell Congress by October 15 whether they believe Iran is in compliance with the agreement.
They may well fly in the face of advice from some of their closest advisors, declaring Iran is not in compliance and leaving the pact's fate in the hands of the Republican-controlled Congress.
Ahead of that deadline, several officials familiar with White House deliberations told Agence France-Presse Trump has made it clear they do not want to certify Iran's compliance. But a formal decision has yet to be made.
“The president is going to make an announcement about the decision that he's made on a comprehensive strategy that their team supports, and we'll do that in the coming days,” said Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
White House officials cautioned against reports that Trump would make a speech revealing their decision next Thursday. But the decision must come by an October 15 deadline.
Intense debate
Trump has often railed against the Obama-era deal, which offered Iran massive sanctions relief in return for curbs on its nuclear program.
They have repeatedly promised to rip it up, but has passed up an opportunity to end sanctions relief.
Every 90 days Trump must tell Congress whether Iran is living up to its end of the bargain, something that has already caused them political pain on two occasions.
The administration has made it clear that it wants Iran to stop ballistic missile tests and stop “nefarious” behavior across the Middle East, two issues that were not part of the agreement.
“They have not lived up to the spirit of the agreement and we'll be discussing that tonight” said Trump. “You will be hearing about Iran very shortly.”
The build up to Trump's decision has been dominated by intense debate inside the White House and fierce lobbying in Congress.
Top military advisors Defense Secretary James Mattis and General Joseph Dunford, the chairperson of the joint chiefs of staff, have spoken out publicly in favor of the agreement.
European ambassadors and diplomats have been camped out on Capitol Hill, trying to argue against any punitive actions that invite Iran to decide the United States is in non-compliance.
Meanwhile, the deal's opponents, such as Senator Tom Cotton, have argued that Iran is not in compliance and sanctions and even military action should be considered.
Cotton met Trump at the White House on Thursday to make their case.
The Arkansas senator has argued that Iran is operating more advanced nuclear centrifuges than it is permitted, exceeding limits on heavy water stocks, continuing to illicitly procure nuclear and missile technology outside of approved channels and refusing to grant international inspectors access to nuclear-research and military facilities.
AFP
You cannot vote in favour of abortion and be allowed to marry in a Catholic Church a Belfast priest has said.
Fr Patrick McCafferty, a parish priest in Ballymurphy in Belfast, has said those who voted Yes to repeal the Eighth Amendment on abortion can “get married in City Hall” to avoid being “hypocritical and dishonest by using the church for a day”.
In an opinion piece in the Belfast Telegraph newspaper, Fr McCafferty wrote: “You cannot be a Catholic and be in favour of abortion.”
They said those who do not agree with the Catholic Church's teaching should “have marriages solemnised in a civil setting”.
“If you don't support the church's teaching on a fundamental issue, why be hypocritical and dishonest by using the church for a day? It's a total fiasco,” they wrote.
They said the church would continue to support those who had been affected by abortion but would not advocate for it.
They said, many of the 1.4 million “Repealers need a reality check” of their own. “Undoubtedly, there are those among them who consider themselves as ‘Catholic' even after voting for something entirely incompatible with the faith,” they said.
Fr McCafferty said abortion was a “sin” and was not compatible with the teachings of the Catholic Church.
“Deliberate abortion is so grave a sin that those who procure an abortion, those who carry out the procedure, those who participate in it, or facilitate it, are excommunicated with immediate effect. People who reject such a vitally important teaching of Christ need to be spiritually and morally honest,” they said.
Fr McCafferty's comments follow on from Bishop Kevin Doran's message earlier this week that Catholics who voted Yes should attend confession as they had sinned. Bishop Doran, who is the Bishop of Elphin, said they believed voting Yes was a sin if someone “knew and intended abortion as the outcome” of their vote.
Bank of Ireland chief executive Francesca McDonagh is likely to have drawn a few blank stares from members of the Oireachtas finance committee this week when they insisted they were pressing ahead with a “robust” internal investigation into the tracker scandal.
In fairness to McDonagh, they have only been in the job four months, and the crisis is not of them making, but the thought of bankers investigating bankers is unlikely to have set anybody's mind at ease that the bottom of all this will be reached.
Whatever about the naysayers, McDonagh said individuals found to be at fault will be held accountable. However, they also said that from “the work I've seen” there was “no intent to charge customers incorrectly”. Move along now.
McDonagh also revealed that 14 of the bank's borrowers lost residential properties as a result of the scandal, including eight owner-occupiers and six buy-to-let borrowers.
Ulster Bank was also in the dock. The bank has been criticised by members of the committee recently for dragging its heels in dealing with all this. It's fair to say members' humour won't be improved on talk of yet more affected borrowers.
The bank's chief financial officer Paul Stanley said the bank expects the number of customers caught up in the debacle to rise within the next few weeks as it continues to engage with regulators on the matter.
The Irish Times reported in December that the bank's current number of 3,500 affected cases may rise by as much as 3,000. Stanley also said that about 15 owner-occupier borrowers and one buy-to-let customer lost their homes.
And the carnage doesn't stop there. The 200 staff Ulster Bank has working on resolving the scandal stand to lose their jobs once the sorry mess is cleared up. Stanley said “a number of those staff were at risk already of redundancy” when the scandal broke.
They also said the affair had boosted the bank's income by up to €120 million over a decade.
As the redress and compensation programme gathers pace, banks have set up appeals panels to deal with the potentially thousands of customers who may query what their bank is offering them.
Greencore chief eats humble pie
The world of finance is often clouded in bluster and doublespeak, but credit to Greencore chief executive Patrick Coveney who took the unusual step at this week's annual general meeting of admitting the company “hadn't delivered for shareholders”.
Coveney held their hands up and said the convenience food giant had underestimated various restructuring and investment costs associated with acquisitions and divestments, and had “made a mess of its IT investment”.
“In truth, we've been struggling a bit,” they said – and, to be fair, he's right. The company's share price tumbled nearly 15 per cent over the year, while the “mess” over IT triggered a €33.7 million impairment charge before a 74 per cent slump in pretax profits.
There was better news for another Irish food group as Total Produce acquired an initial 45 per cent stake in US-based Dole Food Company for $300 million in cash (€242 million), with the expectation it will buy the remainder within five years.
The deal was described as a significant step in the company's history, bringing together two global brands and creating the world's leading fruit and vegetable group.
Staying with food, Swiss-Irish baked food company Aryzta finally managed to shift its troubled Cloverhill facilities in Chicago. Mind you, the owner of Cuisine de France is likely to be walking away from the asset with a significant loss.
On top of the fact that Cloverhill has bled the company's North American's revenues, Investec estimated that the sale to Hostess Brands is likely to be for considerably less than the touted €100 million. Aryzta acquired the facility for around $390 million in 2014.
Meanwhile, in Brussels, the long-awaited beef deal between the EU and the Latin American countries of Mercosur may be just a matter of weeks away, with ministerial meetings to take place on Monday.
Emissions scandal hits horror movie territory
It sounds like something from a bad horror movie, but revelations this week of emissions tests on monkeys in the United States and 25 human volunteers in Germany have brought the scandal to a whole new low.
Volkswagen, alongside BMW, Daimler and Bosch, co-financed tests on monkeys and human volunteers that involved inhaling emissions that included noxious nitrogen dioxide.
The German government understandably flipped and said the tests were “justified by nothing”. VW chief Matthias Müller described the tests as “wrong, unethical and repugnant” before they conceded that “the crisis at Volkswagen is not yet over”.
The European Commission also upped the ante, giving Berlin until Monday to present effective measures for cleaner air – or be hauled before the European Court of Justice.
The effects of Dieselgate are being felt in the Republic too, with recent scandals coupled with political promises to ban diesel cars by 2030 contributing to a fall of 17 per cent in sales of this kind of car during January compared with last year.
New car sales generally for the all-important month of January were down 4.8 per cent on 2017 to 37,125. In contrast, used car imports rose 20.3 per cent on the same month last year, with 9,061 cars brought into the Republic last month.
Then there's the move to electric, which has yet to take hold. Taxi drivers and operators of other public service vehicles are set to benefit from a new €7,000 grant scheme aimed at encouraging them to opt for such vehicles, as the Government moves to tackle the emissions issue.
Eir departure leaves a vacuum in National Broadband Plan
The Republic and major infrastructure projects are simply not comfortable bedfellows.
The latest mess concerns the Government's long-awaited rural broadband scheme, which was thrown into disarray this week with the surprise withdrawal of Eir, the State's largest telecoms group, from the procurement process.
Eir, which had been favourite to win the contract, said it was withdrawing because the risks had become “too great”, citing “growing uncertainty” about regulatory and pricing issues.
The move came just months ahead of the scheduled start of the State-subsidised scheme, which aims to bring high-speed broadband to 542,000 homes and businesses in rural parts of the State, which are currently not served by broadband providers.
Eir's exit leaves just one bidder – the consortium led by energy group SSE and telecoms firm Enet – in the procurement process, raising serious questions about competitiveness and the Government's ability to get value for money.
Minister for Communications Denis Naughten insisted the scheme would still be delivered on time and at no extra cost to the taxpayer, but industry sources have said the plan is likely to cost more than the €1 billion previously signalled.
SPAT: Councillors Greg Barnes and Helen Blackburn have gone head-to-head on Facebook.
SPAT: Councillors Greg Barnes and Helen Blackburn have gone head-to-head on Facebook. Max Fleet BUN171114DOG2
BUNDABERG Councillor Greg Barnes says their failed motion is "not the end of the story”, claiming councillors are being gagged from talking to the media and they were being left out of important Bargara issues.
Cr Barnes made the claims on the Bargara Facebookers Facebook page after debate on their failed motion in this week's council meeting went back and forth for two days.
Cr Barnes' motion about divisional councillors taking part in "important” pre-lodgement meetings with developers failed to get a seconder and was shut down by Mayor Jack Dempsey.
Cr Barnes then ripped up their paperwork and sat down.
Minutes later, Cr Barnes asked to be excused because they were feeling ill and then left the meeting.
On Thursday night Cr Barnes responded to Facebook comments with a post linking readers to the Guidelines for the Conduct of Informal Briefing Sessions by Local Governments.
The guidelines recommend not using informal meetings to gain consensus because of the risk of normal meetings just becoming a place to "rubber stamp” projects without debate, which it says erodes public confidence.
Cr Barnes was then asked if they were saying council was using the informal meeting process to form a consensus.
Cr Barnes replied: "I'm concerned about a number of issues including gagging directives relating to responses to media inquiries and any transparency related thereto.
"I also have concerns relating to the recent treatment of a Notice of Motion which was left off the agenda of a recent public Briefing Meeting but then raised without public notice during a confidential segment of the same meeting.”
Cr Helen Blackburn says councillors are not gagged. Mike Knott BUN180116HELEN19
In reaction to the post, CrHelen Blackburn posted this comment.
"There is no gagging order on councillors. Notice of motion went up. No seconder, sour grapes, end of story.”
Cr Barnes then posted: "I don't intend to enter into a tit-for-tat with a colleague on social media however these are the facts.
"Having found out that I was excluded from a prior pre-lodgement meeting I expressed my deepest concerns to the portfolio spokesperson and also to the Mayor on June 27, 2017.
"I was advised by the mayor that they themselves had only met the developer once when they were called into a meeting to be introduced.
"Despite this, I continued to be excluded from or even advised about the existence of any further meeting(s).
"Perhaps Cr Blackburn can brief you on the conversation held during a formal Briefing Meeting which was taken behind closed doors, even though it wasn't listed on the meeting agenda.
"She may also wish to comment on their input into that meeting.
"Having exhausted my attempts to resolve the issue amicably 'in-house', I was left with no option other than to submit my Notice of Motion in the approved manner and as entitled to under the Act.
"I'm disappointed that any elected representative should be unprofessional enough to publicly claim that this is a matter of 'sour grapes' or suggest that it is 'end of story' because it's certainly not.”
When the NewsMail rang Cr Barnes yesterday morning we were told all questions would have to go through the council's media team.
When asked why, they replied: "I can't comment.”
When questions about Cr Barnes' concerns were sent to the media team this is the response they provided.
"Councillors are encouraged to refer media enquiries to the communications unit for fact checking and consistency,” the spokesperson said.
"They are not prohibited from talking to media about portfolio issues and matters of interest to their divisions.
"The notice of motion by Cr Barnes was discussed at a briefing session.
"At the council meeting on January 30 the motion failed to gain a seconder and lapsed.
"The current council policy enables prospective developers to choose if they would like portfolio and divisional councillors present at pre-lodgement meetings.
"These optional meetings with officers occur before any formal consideration by council at which time all councillors may scrutinise, question, debate and vote on a proposed development.”
"If you can, help others. If you can't, at least don't hurt others." -- the Dalai Lama
PHOENIX -- Tracy Smith wears a good poker face.
After their Sun Devils swept Utah this past weekend -- snapping ASU out of a previous 3-13 skid -- the Arizona State coach met the media in their postgame press conference with the same old expressionless look.
It was not indicative of the conflicting mix of emotions swirling around in their head.
“If you look at me emotionally, a lot of times I'm like this,” Smith said, extending their hand to draw an imaginary flat line. “What I try to do is look and see where are the holes; where are the issues.”
Of course, it wasn't the Sun Devils' offense that had the ASU skipper unhappy. Their team whopped up on the last-place Utes by scoring 35 times in the three-game series and winning each contest by at least three runs.
It was what had transpired in the final three innings of Sunday's game that left Smith smoldering instead. ASU's bullpen and defense had let them down again.
“While we won the games, I don't think we fixed the problems,” Smith said. “... all the pieces, regardless of a sweep, are definitely not in place yet.”
Their biggest gripe was with the Sun Devils' relievers. Entering the weekend, ASU's bullpen ERA was 5.39 (it's starters' ERA, by comparison, was 4.20 prior to the series). On Friday and Saturday however, Dellan Raish, Chaz Montoya, and Spencer Van Scoyoc combined to allow just one earned run in 11 ⅓ innings of relief. It looked like a big step forward for ASU's back end.
On Sunday, the bullpen took two steps back.
Relievers Fitz Stadler, Connor Higgins, Jake Godfrey and Ryan Hingst stumbled through the final three innings, allowing a combined six runs (only three were earned) to cut a once-nine-run ASU lead down to five. With one out in the ninth, Utah loaded the bases and forced Smith to do something they were trying to avoid: bring in the previous day's starter, Sam Romero, to get the final two outs.
“They should not score eight runs on us. There are nine outs to go with a nine-run lead, I should not have to bring in Sam Romero to close it out. That should not happen,” Smith said.
Though Romero needed just one pitch to induce a game-ending double-play, another late-game meltdown from ASU's bullpen and defense (the Sun Devils committed two errors and had a passed ball in the final three innings) left Smith with a familiar bitter taste.
“I'm happy we won but we've got some things we need to fix,” they said.
SMITH REMINDS THAT ROSTER CUTS MAY BE COMING
An innocent question about the status of first-year student pitcher Drake Davis -- a Sun Devils' right-hander who has yet to see the mound this season -- turned into an overarching reminder from Smith that ASU will be trimming the fat off its roster in the “very near future.”
Seldom or never used players, such as Davis, might be on the chopping blocks.
Smith said, as is accustomed to college baseball following finals week, the Sun Devils will send home players that don't figure to see the field in the closing stretch of the season. Smith said it their philosophy to “not keep extra guys around,” especially with all of the Sun Devils' upcoming travel (the team only brings 27 players on road trips, according to Smith).
“Don't read any more into that than there might be,” Smith said, wary of how roster reduction might be externally perceived.
It was around this time last year that four former Sun Devils -- Zach Dixon, Chris Isbell, Ryan Lillard and Jackson Willeford -- left the team, all within a week of each other, in the midst of a losing season. Another player, Andrew Shaps, was also dismissed from the program by Smith during the span.
The exodus of players last season became another negative storyline, much to Smith's chagrin, as the Sun Devils limped to a 23-32 record. They tried to make it clear on Sunday that the roster downsizing is just a part of the sport.
“This is the time of year, coming in (to) finals week, that we reduce the roster,” they said. ASU's spring academic semester ends at the end of next week.
One Sun Devil departure has already been confirmed after Smith revealed last week that redshirt first-year student reliever Zane Strand would be leaving the team. Smith described the move as a mutual parting of ways.
With Strand gone, ASU lists 33 players on its roster.
SMITH NON-COMMITTAL ON ALDRETE-TORKELSON DEFENSIVE SWITCH
Last week, sophomore left fielder Carter Aldrete was preparing for a potential swap of positions with first-year student first baseman Spencer Torkelson.
But when the Sun Devils took the field for Friday night's series-opener against Utah, Aldrete was in right and Torkelson was still in the infield. As Smith explained on Sunday, they hadn't seen enough from Aldrete, defensively, at first -- a position Aldrete had never played before -- in practice to follow through with the defensive switch in a game.
Smith said that they might make the change at some point on Wednesday night, when ASU hosts non-conference foe New Mexico State or might decide to shelve the idea altogether until the offseason.
“I still think that will help us,” they said. “Just trying to do it midseason is a little tough.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Darren Bent is an injury worry for Nigel Cough ahead of Burton Albion's visit to Aston Villa this weekend.
The 33-year-old joined the Championship strugglers on loan for the remainder of the season from Derby County in January.
Bent was unable to force their way into Gary Rowett's first team as a result of a lengthy spell on the sidelines, after suffering a hamstring injury during pre-season.
The striker is out of contract in the summer, and since returning to fitness their only action had come for the under-23s before they made the switch to the Pirelli Stadium.
In their first competitive outing since May 2017, the Rams loanee played for just over an hour on their debut in the Brewers' 3-1 home defeat to Reading.
Speaking ahead of the Brewers' away to trip Villa, Clough has said a couple of their players are a injury doubts.
Clough told Burton's club website: “Darren (Bent) took a bit of a knock when they went in on the goalkeeper. Lucas Akins flicked it on and they made a challenge and took a whack on the side where they have had hamstring problems so we will have to see how they are.”
“Lloyd's (Dyer) back stiffened up and they couldn't train on Monday. They aren't quite right to put out there on Tuesday and you have to be careful with backs as they can seize up again very quickly but we are hoping they will be OK.
“Apart from that we have a few niggles, Kyle McFadzean has an ankle problem they are carrying, but everyone should be OK.”
Bent will be hoping to shake off to niggle and be ready for Saturday's clash against their former side Aston Villa.
Them career started in leasing small office and retail spaces in Santa Barbara but soon expanded into working with developers and landlords into selling and leasing properties from the ground up in both residential and commercial projects.
Vior has been involved in real estate for more than 25 years, not only in Santa Barbara but also Ventura, Santa Rosa and San Luis Obispo counties.
They will specialize in the leasing and sale of commercial real estate in the Tri-County area and will be based in the Santa Barbara office.
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers.
Here's how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic.
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it.
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered.
Thanks for asking!
Click Here to Get Started >
Eclectic activities are just part of living in Orange County, and this week is no different. From trivia nights to female empowerment events, you'll find something that appeals to all interests this April. Mid-week, you can also experience a live performance of “Into the Woods” and an array of visual art at the Newport Beach Film Festival. End the week right with an appetizer-filled cooking class, a goodbye to a local amusement park ride or a fashion show that will benefit members of the local community.
Monday, April 17
Ready to Wear Trunk Show
Neiman Marcus
601 Newport Center Drive
Newport Beach, CA 92660
(949) 759-1900
www.moniquelhuillier.com Neiman Marcus601 Newport Center DriveNewport Beach, CA 92660(949) 759-1900 Fashion designer Monique Lhuillier, based out of Los Angeles, will host a two-day trunk show beginning Monday at 10 a.m. Visitors can stop by the Neiman Marcus at Fashion Island in Newport Beach for a chance to shop the designer's collections. While they are known for their stunning wedding gowns, the ready to wear collection features plenty of dark colors, floral prints and interesting fabrics that will have you looking hotter than anyone else in OC. The brand will follow this show up with a bridal show on April 27 in their Los Angeles showroom as well as a trunk show for their Bliss line in Brea on April 28.
Tuesday, April 18
The S.H.E. Event
Road Runner Sports
24291 Avenida De La Carlota
Laguna Hills, CA 92653
(949) 855-9252
www.eventbrite.com Road Runner Sports24291 Avenida De La CarlotaLaguna Hills, CA 92653(949) 855-9252 Women rejoice because The S.H.E. Event is just for you! Local ladies should check out this one-night event, which celebrates the female gender with an event that is labeled Strong, Healthy, Empowered. Gather your friends and head to Road Runner Sports in Laguna Hills for a night of inspiring talks. Presented by Brooks, the event features plenty of fun, including special bra fittings and basic workout routines. There will also be healthy treats available for all to enjoy throughout the event, which runs from 6 to 8 p.m. Don't forget to enter the free raffle, where guests can win up to $500 in prizes, including things like Brooks shoes, sports bras and apparel. The grand prize is a complimentary entry into the Rock ‘n' Roll Marathon Series that will take place on April 27.
Wednesday, April 19
See “Into the Woods”
Lyceum Theater
55 Fair Drive
Costa Mesa, CA 92626
(714) 668-6145
www.vanguard.edu Lyceum Theater55 Fair DriveCosta Mesa, CA 92626(714) 668-6145 The Theatre Arts department at Costa Mesa's Vanguard University presents “Into the Woods,” a famous musical by Stephen Sondheim that combines the stories of several fairytale characters in one exciting story. Based largely on the characters' wishes, the show kicks off at the Lyceum Theater on Wednesday, with shows each day until Sunday. Student actors will perform, taking on the roles of characters such as the Baker and their wife who want to have a baby, a poor boy named Jack who just wants to milk their milk-less cow and Cinderella who wants to attend a royal festival. Directed by Vanda Eggington and orchestrated by Jonathan Tunick, the show is ideal for anyone over the age of six.
Thursday, April 20
Attend The Newport Beach Film Festival
Various Locations
Newport Beach, CA 92660
(949) 253-2880
www.newportbeachfilmfest.com Various LocationsNewport Beach, CA 92660(949) 253-2880 For one week, the Newport Beach Film Festival will fill the area with a variety of film and gala events that will “go deeper,” as per the event's theme. With over 350 movies already scheduled for this year's event, there is something for every interest. Opening night on Thursday will feature “Take Every Wave: The Life of Laird Hamilton,” which details the life of the famous athlete who changed the world of surfing forever. Other notable titles include “A Family Man,” “Paris Can Wait,” and the closing night “The Exception.” The event will feature foreign films as well, such as Brazil's “Ballad of Return” and the U.K.'s “Golden Years.” Aside from international spotlights, there will be a collegiate showcase, a youth film showcase and a family film series.
Friday, April 21
Girls Day Out
The Wine Artist
21064 Bake Parkway
Lake Forest, CA 92630
(949) 297-3656
www.thewineartist.com The Wine Artist21064 Bake ParkwayLake Forest, CA 92630(949) 297-3656 The theme of The Wine Artists' current Girls Day Out is healthy appetizers. From 10 a.m. to 12:30 p.m., participants will learn to make healthy options for dinner parties or simply for their families to taste on any given night. While you will learn to create some delicious recipes—ones you may not have thought up on your own—you will also be able to take home some of the main ingredients so that you can recreate them in your own kitchen. These clean eating choices include no bean hummus, paleo flatbread, zucchini pesto rolls, quinoa pizza, sweet potato nachos and buffalo cauliflower bites. The cost for the event and materials is $80.
Saturday, April 22
Ride Boomerang For The Last Time
Knott's Berry Farm
8039 Beach Boulevard
Buena Park, CA 90620
(714) 220-5200
www.knotts.com Knott's Berry Farm8039 Beach BoulevardBuena Park, CA 90620(714) 220-5200 For 27 years, Boomerang has left an impact on visitors to Knott's Berry Farm, serving as one of the most intense, loop-filled coasters in the park. Situated in the Boardwalk area at the back of the theme park, the bright green ride takes thrill seekers forward then all the way backward along the same 875-foot track. Saturday is the perfect time to get your last ride in because the coaster will close on April 23, along with the park's famed Boysenberry Festival. Take one last spin on this classic piece of Knott's Berry Farm before it's replaced by something new and exciting, and eat some boysenberry-filled treats while you're at it.
Sunday, April 23
EVENT
Style Show
Westminster Rose Center
14140 All American Way
Westminster, CA 92683
soroptimisthuntingtonbeach.org Style ShowWestminster Rose Center14140 All American WayWestminster, CA 92683 Hosted by Soroptimist International Huntington Beach, the annual Style Show is a great way to find some new fashions while supporting some special people in the local community. This year's luncheon, held at the Westminster Rose Center, will feature a variety of clothing that cannot be purchased in stores. Women who the organization has helped in the past will model the apparel, and the proceeds will go entirely to their programs to help improve the lives of women and girls throughout the area. There will be prizes as well, including Disneyland tickets. The show will run from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. and tickets at the door will cost $50.
The Government is considering covering the cost of care for women seeking a termination of their pregnancy.
Minister for Health Simon Harris is assessing if services provided under the Maternity and Infant Scheme can be expanded to women who may require an abortion.
Currently, that programme allows for maternity services free of charge when provided by a family doctor (GP) and a hospital obstetrician.
Government sources insisted the assessment was at the preliminary stage but it was keen there would be “no barrier to accessing services on the basis of affordability”.
Any such service will be subject to discussions with the GP representatives, it is understood.
The Minister is also examining if the State can alleviate the financial burden for parents who choose to travel to Britain after receiving a diagnosis of a fatal foetal abnormality.
The Government has confirmed legislation to regulate the termination of pregnancy will be considered by the Cabinet on July 10th and considered in the Dáil on July 11th and 12th.
Abortion clinics abroad
In the meantime, Mr Harris has asked Attorney General Séamus Woulfe to examine if the Information Act 1995 can be lifted to allow doctors in Ireland refer women to abortion clinics abroad and to consult with doctors in other jurisdictions about their medical status.
The Minister is also understood to have requested Mr Woulfe to examine if exclusion zones can be enforced to ensure women are not intimidated by protestors when accessing services.
Sinn Féin spokesperson on health Louise O'Reilly has asked that it be made a criminal offence to harass doctors who agree to provide abortion services and to intimidate women seeking the services.
Fianna Fáil TD Stephen Donnelly also requested that the threat of decriminalisation be lifted for women who procure an abortion here. However, it is understood this is unlikely until the final Bill is considered by Cabinet.
Meanwhile, Mr Donnelly told The Irish Times they will not accept any amendments from their party which are “outside the parameters” of the Bill published by the Government when the referendum is passed.
Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin has said any TD or Senator must go through Mr Donnelly when considering amendments to the legislation.
Votes in favour
Limerick TD Niall Collins supported calls by Barry Cowen to impose a whip on the parliamentary party to ensure everyone votes in favour of the law.
Fianna Fáil TDs including Anne Rabbitte and Robert Troy said they had no objection to Mr Martin enforcing the whip. However, Ms Rabbitte said most members were clear on how they should proceed.
Mayo TD Lisa Chambers said they did not foresee the freedom of conscience being abandoned at this juncture, while Dublin Bay South Jim O'Callaghan said all TDs have a duty to give effect to the decision of the people.
Sligo-Leitrim TD Marc MacSharry said they were a No voter but would unequivocally support the legislation.
“I have no difficulty, while a No voter, in separating my personal view and my legislative obligations and responsibilities and would therefore be supporting legislation when it comes and happy to feed any thoughts or ideas or suggested amendments into our health spokesperson as is the practice with all legislation.”
Louth TD Declan Breathnach said they had difficulties with the 12-week proposition but stressed the people had spoken and they would accept that.
Taoiseach Leo Varadkar has told the Fine Gael parliamentary party there is a free vote for members on the upcoming legislation and any proposed amendments.
They said it was up to party colleagues to decide how they wanted to approach it and they would not seek to impose any view on members.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England won their first ever World Cup penalty shoot out to beat Colombia in the last 16 and progress to the quarter finals.
They will now face Sweden at the Samara Arena on Saturday.
One England player who rose to the occasion in Moscow was Jordan Pickford - the Everton goalkeeper made a crucial save in the penalty shootout that England won 4-3.
After the match, Derby County players past and present tweeted giving their thoughts on the result.
Ex-Rams goalkeeper Peter Shilton, who featured at the 1990 World Cup in Italy while with Derby, said of Pickford's performance.
"Brilliant Jordan Pickford what a great result it's about time we won a shootout," said Shilton.
"Eat your heart out all the Pickford doubters we have won a shootout!!!
"We can go to the final now because we can only get better! Well done Gareth Southgate your team did you proud!!"
Current Rams number one Scott Carson also took to Twitter, as did teammate Kelle Roos.
Taco Time is hosting a job fair and hiring in multiple positions! We're hiring for both Rock Springs locations and the Green River location. Meet the...
Activated Polyethylene Glycol (PEG) Market by Product Type (Linear PEGs, Branched PEGs, Multi-arm PEGs ) by Application /End User (Pharmaceutical Intermediates, Medical Devices ) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends, and Forecast 2018–2026.
This report studies the Activated Polyethylene Glycol (PEG) Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Activated Polyethylene Glycol (PEG) Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Activated Polyethylene Glycol (PEG) (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Activated Polyethylene Glycol (PEG) Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/activated-polyethylene-glycol-peg-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Activated Polyethylene Glycol (PEG) Market : Product Type
• Linear PEGs
• Branched PEGs
• Multi-arm PEGs
Activated Polyethylene Glycol (PEG) Market : End User / Application
• Pharmaceutical Intermediates
• Medical Devices `
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/activated-polyethylene-glycol-peg-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
So, you're clocking up the miles on your weekend run or bike ride, and making light work of those goals at the gym – but did you know what you do in-between workouts is also really important, and could make a big difference in terms of the results you see?
“Exercising two to three times a week is great, but if you're one of the millions of people who spend eight hours a day sitting at a desk Monday to Friday, then proportionally, you are more sedentary than active – and this may have an impact on the results you are looking for,” says Andy Magill, head vitality coach at VitalityHealth.
“However, there are a number of easy steps you can take to get the most out of your fitness efforts,” they add – and no, thankfully they don't involve tons of spare time, money and even effort.
These day-to-day steps will all add up (Thinkstock/PA)
Here, Andy shares 5 top tips for getting the best results from your training…
1. Make small incremental changes to your daily routine
“If you spend a lot of your time at work sitting down, you're not alone, but it's important to incorporate small changes where you can. Walking up the stairs rather than taking the lift, or going for a walk at lunchtime, are just a couple of simple ways to help keep your metabolism and fitness levels up and maximise results. It's important to note that being sedentary for too long day-to-day can lead to health problems, such as increased blood pressure, heightened stress, and even type 2 diabetes.”
Ditch diets, embrace balance (Thinkstock/PA)
2. Eat right to fuel your body
“Nutrition is an essential part of training and eating the right foods will fuel your body. As well as building and repairing muscle, foods rich in protein will also increase your concentration levels – great for a long day at the office. However, if your day is spent mostly on your feet, opt for more carbohydrates to keep your energy levels up. Lean foods such as chicken or turkey, essential amino acids, and the right carbs and vitamins will help you make the most of your training and provide the best results.”
3. Treat your day-to-day as you would a fitness session
“If you have your set routine before and after a session, apply this to your daily life too. Whether it's a banana or shake before, or protein and complex carbs after, follow a similar format on your rest days to keep your body focused and results on-track.”
Resting = essential (Thinkstock/PA)
4. Have a rest day
“Most of us are unaware of the importance that having a rest day has in obtaining maximum performance and results from hours spent in the gym, running or playing sport. Rest can make you stronger, as it allows the muscles you have broken down to heal and recover. The body needs time to regenerate, so opt for at least one rest day each week as a minimum.”
Sleep is your friend (Thinkstock/PA)
5. Try to get enough sleep
“Ensuring you get enough sleep each night is essential. People who sleep less than [seven to eight hours a night] lose nearly four additional days of productive time each year, which can be traced directly back to their lack of sleep. Aiming for seven to eight hours each night will leave you feeling refreshed, less stressed and ready for the day ahead.”
© Press Association 2017
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
What do you get if you put a mum and daughter together to start a business? One successful café, swiftly followed by several more in the case of Sarah and Olivia Pritchard!
Eight years after opening the Bean Caffe in Derby's Friar Gate Studios, Sarah and Olivia are proving that the simple but vital formula of good food and good service is the lifeblood of the café world - and are on the verge of opening their FOURTH establishment in the city.
The mum and daughter duo started up Bean Caffe after Sarah was made redundant from their job in housing and Olivia gave up university where they were training to be a science teacher.
“I had a background in catering and had studied hotel management at Buxton and at Norwich, then worked in hotels and restaurants for most of my life,” explained Sarah, 55. “I had opened a bistro in Derby but then had my kids and ended up working in sales and marketing for a housing firm.”
(Image: Alex Cantrill-Jones / ACJ Media)
Olivia was at university but already having doubts over whether she'd chosen the right path when Sarah was made redundant, and the two of them hit on the idea of opening a café.
“I had pretty much decided I was going to do it but was really pleased that Olivia was going to come and work with me – it took some of the pressure off!” joked Sarah.
“I told my husband I was doing it and they said, no you're not – but we did it anyway!”
The pair admit they are very similar and say this did cause some friction at the beginning of their working relationship.
(Image: Alex Cantrill-Jones / ACJ Media)
“We knew we wanted to serve good food, local produce and do it well, but it was difficult working together at first,” said 27-year-old Olivia. “We are very alike and were both trying to be louder than the other but now we've worked out each other's strengths and weaknesses and we play to that.
“I do the financial side of things and mum does the operational side of things and it works.”
A long-standing customer at Bean Caffe recently remarked on the close working relationship between the two, not knowing they are mother and daughter.
(Image: Alex Cantrill-Jones / ACJ Media)
“When I told her, they said everything just clicked – they could tell we were close because of the banter and synergy between us, and that was really nice to hear,” said Sarah. “I don't think the business would work if we didn't have that relationship.”
Their passion for food soon led them to open another café at Riverside Chambers, in Derby, called The Docks Eatery, which doubles up as a burger bar in the evenings.
“We knew we wanted to open another café, but we also wanted to open a burger bar,” said Sarah. “We were looking for two places but then someone suggested we just pay the rates on one place and use it for both purposes and that's what we do!”
(Image: Jacqueline Theodosi)
By day, The Docks serves breakfast, lunch and coffee and cake, before transforming into burger bar Hide in the evenings.
“We always take our research very seriously because we love food,” said Olivia. “And when we were setting up Hide, we went to London and had to eat six burgers in half a day to test them.
“At first I was really enthusiastic, thinking, this is the greatest job ever! About four in, it was just really hard work….. I'd had enough of burgers!”
(Image: Jacqueline Theodosi)
All the burgers are made from 100% Derbyshire beef, all in keeping with Sarah and Olivia's belief that food should be good, tasty and, as much as possible, local.
“Eight years is a long time to have a café, so with Bean we've had to ring with the changes, making sure we keep giving customers what they want. Around 60-70% of our customers are return visitors so we want to keep them happy,” said Olivia.
“When the Derby Law School building opened opposite, we knew that we'd be catering to a lot of students so we tailored our menu a bit.”
That commitment to delivering what the customer wants alongside great service continued as the two opened Scandinavian-style Rask in Derby's Sadler Gate last May.
(Image: Jacqueline Theodosi)
“Our strapline is ‘deliciously nutritious' and it's a healthy food café. We do simple food with good ingredients like smoothies and salads with all the nuts and seeds – we've had to do a lot of research into health foods and the benefits they give you,” said Sarah. “You can't serve health foods without knowing exactly what they do for you!”
Sarah and Olivia are also part of a team who put on the regular Bustler street food markets in the city, where street food traders, craft beer makers and even gin trailers can be found in the Riverlights area of Derby.
“When we started them we didn't know if they'd be a success but there's clearly a need for them because we see around 5,000 people over a weekend at the Bustler market,” said Sarah.
So with all this on their plates, surely the pair are run off their feet?
“We don't see it as work,” said Olivia. “There's never a day when I wake up and think, urgh, I've got work today.
“We've also got a fantastic team of people working for us. They feel part of the family and we give them a lot of autonomy so we get loyalty from them.”
(Image: Jacqueline Theodosi)
Sarah is adamant that customer service is absolutely vital. “I used to think I could teach people customer service, but I don't think I can any more,” they said. “You can either deliver good customer service or you can't, and there's a famous saying that you can rescue bad food with good service – but you can't rescue bad service with good food, and that's so true.”
Their next project is taking them out of the city to Darley Abbey Mills, where they are in the process of opening a little café.
“We're hoping it will be open in early summer, but there are lots of gyms in the area, mums who do lunch and office workers so we are planning to cater for everyone – there'll be bacon sandwiches, salads and juices and it's really exciting,” they said.
Sarah added: “We are always looking for a new project – we just love what we do.”
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
Germany's foreign intelligence agency, the BND, usually operates abroad in the shadows – but on Wednesday it found its practices in the dock in Leipzig.
The operator of the world's largest internet hub has gone to court, claiming BND taps on cables in its Frankfurt data centre are illegal because they also capture German domestic communications.
“We have grave doubts about the legality of the current practice,” said the German Commercial Internet Exchange (De-Cix) in a statement on Wednesday.
“We consider ourselves under obligation to our customers to work towards a situation in which strategic surveillance of their telecommunications only takes place in a legal manner.”
De-Cix says its Frankfurt exchange is the world's largest, bringing together 1,200 communication lines from around the world: China, Russia, the Middle East and Africa. At peak times the facility – spread across 19 data centres – reportedly consumes more electricity than Frankfurt airport and handles more than 6 terabits of data per second.
At crucial points, however, the BND has inserted so-called “prism” devices into the fibre-optic cables, diverting a copy of all data to BND servers.
Company lawyer Sven-Erik Heun accused the BND, and the federal interior ministry that oversees its work, of “choosing the biggest pond to go fishing in”.
De-Cix management said its lawsuit, at Germany's highest administrative court, is about seeking “judicial clarification and…legal certainty for our customers and our company”.
‘Accomplice'
A member of the company management board, Klaus Landefeld, is more outspoken, telling the Süddeutsche Zeitung daily that the firm did not want to be an “accomplice” to mass BND surveillance.
De-Cix – a consortium with members that include Deutsche Telekom, the former German state telecoms company, Google and Ebay – says it feels bound by article 10 of the German post-war constitution guaranteeing the privacy of communications.
German wiretap laws allow the BND to capture foreign communications passing through German territory. In the 1990s, however, Germany's constitutional court outlawed widespread data dragnets, obliging the BND to capture data in a targeted way – and no more than 20 per cent of total traffic.
In addition, BND is forbidding from intercepting German citizens' communications. Yet the prism technology, said to be in use in the Frankfurt data centre since 2009, copies everything, and is unable to separate foreign and domestic communications. The BND says it uses data filters for this, but there is no independent confirmation that this is the case.
The German agency is not alone in such practices, with whistleblower Edward Snowden revealing widespread communications tapping both by US and UK intelligence services.
Major junctions
Having one of the internet's major junctions on its territory has made life easy for Germany's BND. And a former intelligence chief has warned that without telecommunication surveillance in Frankfurt and elsewhere the BND could “close up shop”.
Yet Germany's history of two 20th century dictatorships has left mass surveillance a sensitive issue, particularly after the Snowden revelations. That the BND is sucking up the world's communications – and possibly sharing them with partner agencies including the BND in the US – has seen the opposition Green Party lead calls for more moderate data surveillance.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) – The Latest on violent protesting in Virginia and related developments around the nation (all times local):
___
A judge has denied bond for an Ohio man accused of plowing their car into a crowd at a white nationalist rally.
Judge Robert Downer said during a bond hearing Monday they would appoint a lawyer for James Alex Fields Jr.
Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say they drove into the crowd, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others. The rally was held by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove from a Charlottesville park of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee. Fields has been in custody since Saturday.
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for their “deeply held, radical” convictions on race.
___
9:45 a.m.
A group that hosts a ceremony every year to re-dedicate an Atlanta monument depicting a Confederate soldier vows that it will be repaired after protesters spray-painted it and broke a chunk from it.
John Green, past commandant of the Old Guard of the Gate City Guard, said Monday it appears their group must now raise money to repair the 105-year-old statue damaged during a Sunday protest after the deadly weekend violence in Virginia.
City officials haven't commented on any plans for repairs or whether city funds would be used for that. Green said removing the statue from Piedmont Park, a city park, is not an option. They said the angel standing over the soldier represents peace, and it was created to help bring the nation back together after the Civil War.
___
7:40 a.m.
A prominent white nationalist website that promoted a Virginia rally that ended in deadly violence Saturday is losing its internet domain host.
GoDaddy tweeted late Sunday night that it has given the Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider because the site has violated GoDaddy's terms of service.
GoDaddy spokesperson Dan Race tells the New York Daily News that the Daily Stormer violated its terms of service by labeling a woman killed in an attack at the event in Charlottesville “fat” and “childless.”
Heather Heyer was killed Saturday when police say a man plowed their car into a group of demonstrators protesting the white nationalist rally. Shortly after GoDaddy tweeted its decision, the site posted an article claiming it had been hacked and would be shut down.
___
7:25 a.m.
Protesters spray-painted and broke a chunk off a statue depicting a Confederate soldier at an Atlanta park after they marched through the city to protest the weekend violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reports that a lone police officer at Piedmont Park on Sunday night was surrounded by black-clad protesters shouting “pig” as demonstrators used chains to try and destroy the Peace Monument. The statue depicts a winged angel standing over a Confederate soldier.
Video from local news outlets showed red spray paint covering much of the monument following the demonstration. The Atlanta protest was among several around the nation over the weekend that were organized after a chaotic white supremacist rally in Virginia ended with deadly violence.
___
7:25 a.m.
The German government is condemning the white nationalist rally in Virginia that turned violent Saturday, expressing solidarity with peaceful counter-protesters. Chancellor Angela Merkel's spokesperson Steffen Seibert told reporters Monday that it was an “absolutely repulsive scene at this extreme-right march.”
They said “there was outrageous racism, anti-Semitism and hate in its most despicable form to be seen, and whenever it comes to such speech or such images it is repugnant.”
They added that it's “completely contrary to what the chancellor and the German government works for politically, and we are in solidarity with those who stand peacefully against such aggressive extreme-right opinions.” Seibert says Merkel also regrets the death of a counter-protester and sent their sympathies to those injured.
___
3 a.m.
An Ohio man accused of plowing their car into counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally in Virginia is set to make their first court appearance.
Col. Martin Kumer, superintendent at the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail, says 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. has a bond hearing Monday morning. Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say they drove into the crowd, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others. Fields has been in custody since Saturday.
Jail officials told The Associated Press they don't know if he's obtained an attorney. A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for their “deeply held, radical” convictions on race.
What do we know about Fields?
Fields was a man who possessed “outlandish, very radical beliefs,” and a “fondness” for Adolf Hitler, according to Derek Weimer, who teaches social studies at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union, Kentucky.
“It was quite clear they had some really extreme views and maybe a little bit of anger behind them,” Weimer told CNN. “Feeling, what's the word I'm looking for, oppressed or persecuted. They really bought into this white supremacist thing. They were very big into Nazism. They really had a fondness for Adolf Hitler.”
Principal Mike Wilson said they remembered Fields as a quiet and reserved student who graduated in 2015. In August of that year, Fields was inducted into the Army but they left active duty in December 2015. A spokesperson for the Army said they failed to meet training standards.
“As a result they were never awarded a military occupational skill nor was they assigned to a unit outside of basic training,” Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson said.
Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told the Toledo Blade in Ohio, where they live, that they didn't know their son was going to Virginia for a white nationalist rally. They thought it had something to do with Trump.
They told the Blade they didn't discuss politics with their son. They were surprised their son attended an event with white supremacists.
“He had an African-American friend,” they told the Blade.
Pence decries neo-Nazis, ‘dangerous fringe groups'
As criticism of Trump's response reverberated, Vice President Mike Pence condemned the violence and white supremacists.
“We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK,” Pence said during a trip to Cartagena, Colombia. “These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms.”
Pence added: “The President also made clear that behavior by others of different militant perspectives are also unacceptable in our political debate and discourse.”
The creator of one of the most prolific neo-Nazi websites praised Trump for not specifically blaming neo-Nazis and white supremacists, saying “he loves us.”
Andrew Anglin of the Daily Stormer wrote that Trump's comments were “good.”
“He didn't attack us. They just said the nation should come together. Nothing specific against us. They said that we need to study why people are so angry, and implied that there was hate on … both sides!” Anglin wrote. “There was virtually no counter-signaling of us at all. They love us all.”
Anglin did not respond to CNN's request for comment.
What happens now?
Three other men were arrested Saturday. One faces a charge of carrying a concealed handgun and another is charged with disorderly conduct. The third man was arrested on suspicion of assault and battery.
The Justice Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have launched a civil rights investigation into the deadly crash, to be led by US Attorney Rick Mountcastle.
Investigators will be looking into Fields' alleged motives, and whether there's enough evidence for a domestic terrorism case.
A film crew made up of some very famous faces is not holding back in gushing about their time on set in New Zealand.
Reese Witherspoon posted this sunrise of the South Island Source: Instagram: Reese Witherspoon
This morning, Hollywood star Reese Witherspoon posted a picture on Instagram of a sunrise near Queenstown captioned simply, 'Pinch Me'.
 They are on location with Oprah Winfrey and Mindy Kaling filming the Disney film A Wrinkle in Time, which also features Hangover star Zach Galifianakis.
Mindy Kaling in NZ Source: Twitter: Mindy Kaling
The stars have been indulging their followers on social media with scenic shots of NZ, with Kaling this morning jumping in the air on top of Mt Creighton.
"New Zealand is the bist," the actor wrote, (a dig at the Kiwi accent perhaps?)
American director Ava DuVernay yesterday posted an image to Twitter of Oprah and Witherspoon hanging out with members of the local iwi.
Hollywood stars, Oprah Winfrey, Reese Witherspoon and Ava DuVernay with tangata whenua in Queenstown. Source: Twitter/Ava DuVernay
They wrote, "welcomed with a powhiri, blessed with a karakia, united with a haka... grateful for the Maori people, tangata whenua".
Source: 1 NEWS
Witherspoon, Winfrey and Kaling flew into Queenstown on Sunday night on Oprah's private jet.
Through video interviews, teenagers expand scope of Noozhawk's project and discover they have their own stories to tell
[Noozhawk's note: This article is part of Day 4 in Noozhawk's 12-day, six-week special investigative series, Prescription for Abuse. Related links are below.]
A group of six sits around a table at the Goleta Coffee Company, explaining the scope of the Santa Barbara Teen News Network.
“It's a teen-run news show, by teens for teens,” said 17-year-old Billy Spencer, a San Marcos High School senior who explained that sbTNN features things to do in Santa Barbara, like community service and activities that teenagers can participate in.
“Basically it's a teen scene magazine,” added Trisha Geyer, associate director and chief financial officer at the Patricia Henley Foundation, the nonprofit organization that created and sponsors sbTNN.
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
Now in its third season, sbTNN aims to provide “accessible and community-based performing arts programs, dedicated to developing passion, communication and performing arts leadership in the youth of (Santa Barbara),” the organization says on its Web site. Through donations from local businesses and individuals, sbTNN produces weekly television shows that are broadcast on the Santa Barbara Channels public-access TV station and through Noozhawk, the group's media sponsor.
Since June, sbTNN has been working with Noozhawk to create public service announcements for Prescription for Abuse, Noozhawk's six-week investigative series on the misuse and abuse of prescription medications in Santa Barbara County. The PSA videos, which feature many of the sources Noozhawk reporters interviewed for the series, are being posted alongside the articles.
Hailey Sestak, a 17-year-old Santa Barbara High School senior, said sbTNN has produced 28 public service announcements for Prescription for Abuse, which Noozhawk began publishing Sept. 12.
Through interviews with community members and research, the teens working on the public service announcements have learned a lot about prescription medication use locally.
“We interviewed doctors and recovering addicts,” said Spencer, adding that much of what they learned involved prevention and how to get help for addictions.
But many of the people interviewed talked about prescription drug use among teenagers, said Kristen Cool, Geyer's assistant at the Patricia Henley Foundation.
People tend to think that drinking is the largest problem that high school and middle school students face, said Sestak.
“(Prescription drugs is) an underlying issue,” they said.
Ashley Almada, a 15-year-old sophomore at Dos Pueblos High School, said they felt that the people they interviewed talked to them because of their close connection to youth.
“We're living (with those who misuse prescription drugs) and can help guide them,” they said.
Sestak found that everyone they interviewed was enthusiastic about the project.
“Everyone was really caring and just wanted to help,” said Sestak, adding that they weren't mad or blaming their patients for their addictions.
After each interview, the teens felt they had learned a lot. In Cool's case, they couldn't stop sharing the information and knowledge they had gained when they got home from an interview. They were so interested in the new things they had learned that they talked about it to those around them frequently, they said.
The teens were given the opportunity to do the public service announcements through Garrett Geyer, a Noozhawk intern who also works with sbTNN and is Geyer's son. From there, the sbTNN crew started interviewing and researching prescription drug use and putting together their series of public service announcements.
Bill Macfadyen, Noozhawk's founder and publisher, said they and their team were excited to work with sbTNN for a number of reasons.
“Drug abuse is rampant among teenagers, and we've focused a large part of our series on their parents, who account for much of Noozhawk's readership,” they said. “When we had the idea to include videos as part of our project, we figured if sources were sitting across from a teenager, subconsciously they would respond in ways that would better connect with youth. We hope their messages resonate.
“We're also privileged to sponsor sbTNN and thought the scope of this opportunity would really push the kids out of their comfort zone, and let them experience the career and entrepreneurial aspects of what they're doing. I'm really proud of them for how they met the challenge. Their work is very professional.”
The teenagers involved in the project felt compelled to report on what they found in their own research on prescription drugs.
“I love reporting on things that benefit the community,” said Sestak.
With the sources they interviewed for the Prescription for Abuse project, they said they would see “their passion (for helping others with addictions) and feel an obligation to tell the story right.”
Spencer said they wanted to help to tell the stories of those interviewed in an effort to prevent others from developing addictions to prescription medications. “Especially with our age group,” they added.
“We see our friends doing these things, and it's cool to be on the other side of the issue and know there are other ways to avoid growing addictions and misusing drugs,” Sestak said.
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
— Noozhawk intern Alexa Shapiro can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Tributes Paid To Penzance Victim
The family of a 32-year-old woman whose body was found at a property in Penzance have paid tribute to them
Cecelia Seddon was discovered by police in Penare Road on Thursday 19 April.
Detectives from the Major Crime Investigation Team have launched a murder investigation into the circumstances surrounding their death.
Today their family paid tribute to their saying: “Cecelia was one of the strong ones with a big heart. They never gave up till the end – a true fighter and that is how they should be remembered.
“We as a family are all devastated by Cecelia's death and ask that you respect our privacy at this very difficult time.”
A 49-year-old man, a 22-year-old man and a 27-year-old woman were arrested on suspicion of murder and have been released under investigation pending further enquiries. Police await the results of toxicology tests in relation to the death.
All three have been charged with being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs and cocaine, and money laundering.
They appeared before Truro Magistrates' Court on Monday and were remanded in custody to appear Truro Crown Court on 22 May.
Detective Inspector Stephen Hambly said: “We are appealing to anyone with information, no matter how small, that relates to Cecilia and/or their movements during April.
“We advise people to contact us via 101@dc.police.uk or by calling 101 quoting reference number 0899 of the 19/04/18.
“Information can also be passed anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers via 0800 555111''
BY BOLUWAJI OBAHOPO
LOKOJA – Three trailers load of illegal immigrants allegedly travelling to Ekiti State have been intercepted in Lokoja, Kogi State capital by the Nigeria Immigration Service.
Vanguard reliably gathered that the officers of Nigerian Navy intercepted the trailers at the Naval post in Banda (a surburb of Lokoja) who later handed them over to the immigration officers.
The immigrants who are mainly young men, few women and young children were convened in three different trailer trucks with registration number XD 1464 LD, SRZ 148 XA and KMC 514 ZV.
Some of the immigrants before they were condoned off by the immigration staff revealed they are on their way to Ekiti state.
A source within the immigration who corroborated the story said some of them confessed to the Command during interrogation that they were going to Ekiti to vote in the forthcoming governorship election as they allegedly display their voters card.
The source said some of the suspects disclosed to them that they have been mobilized for the forthcoming Ekiti State governorship election.
However few others claimed they are traders heading to Okene where they sell food stuffs.
Vanguard visit to the State Immigration headquarter, Lokoja show the travellers been interrogated by the Immigration officers.
Confirming the news, the Public Relation officer of Kogi State Immigration command, Mr. Olasunkami Salami who spoke with Vanguard on phone said the command is still profiling the immigrants to ascertain where they are coming from and where they are going.
They however promised to inform the newspaper of the outcome. But as of press time they were yet to call.
NEW YORK (AP) — Actress Uma Thurman, in long-awaited remarks, accused disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinstein of forcing themselves on them sexually years ago in a London hotel room. Weinstein, through their attorney, acknowledged making an "awkward pass" but strongly denied any physical assault and suggested the possibility of legal action over their comments.
In a separate allegation in the same New York Times article on Saturday, Thurman also said "Kill Bill" director Quentin Tarantino during filming coerced them into driving a car that they believed to be faulty, resulting in injuries including a permanently damaged neck, a concussion and damage to their knees. A representative for Tarantino did not immediately reply to a request for comment.
Thurman's allegations against Weinstein, who has been accused of rape, assault or other sexual misconduct by scores of women, had been widely anticipated since they hinted late last year that they had a story to tell but wanted to wait until they were less angry. Them story came in an interview with Times columnist Maureen Dowd.
"I used the word 'anger,' but I was more worried about crying, to tell you the truth," Thurman was quoted as saying. "I was not a groundbreaker on a story I knew to be true. So what you really saw was a person buying time."
Advertisement
Thurman said that an early encounter with Weinstein in a Paris hotel room in the 1990s ended with them suddenly appearing in a bathrobe and leading them to a steam room but that they did not feel threatened. They said that the first "attack" — the word appears in quotes — happened later in London.
"He pushed me down," they said. "He tried to shove themselves on me. They tried to expose himself. They did all kinds of unpleasant things. But they didn't actually put their back into it and force me. You're like an animal wriggling away, like a lizard."
Later, they alleged, they arranged a meeting with Weinstein and warned him: "If you do what you did to me to other people you will lose your career, your reputation and your family, I promise you."
The Times article says Thurman's memory of the Weinstein encounter stops there, but it quotes a friend who was waiting downstairs as saying Thurman emerged from an elevator disheveled and shaking.
"Her eyes were crazy, and they were totally out of control," said the friend, Ilona Herman.
When Thurman was able to talk again, Herman said, they revealed that Weinstein, who was one of the most powerful men in Hollywood, had threatened to derail their career.
Though the article doesn't make clear how the London hotel room encounter ended, Thurman said: "Harvey assaulted me, but that didn't kill me."
A representative for Thurman, Leslie Sloane, responded to an Associated Press request for more details on all the encounters by saying only: "The article speaks for itself."
Meanwhile, Ben Brafman, Weinstein's attorney, said the producer was "stunned and saddened" by false accusations from Thurman. They emphasized Weinstein and Thurman had worked together for more than two decades.
The lawyer, in a statement, said Weinstein acknowledged making "an awkward pass at Ms. Thurman 25 years ago which they regret and immediately apologized for." They said it was a mystery why Thurman would wait so long to come forward or "embellish what really happened to include false accusations of attempted physical assault."
They said Thurman's statements to the Times were being "examined and investigated" before Weinstein decides whether any legal action against them would be appropriate.
Thurman, one of the stars of Tarantino's "Pulp Fiction," also said that just before shooting began on the director's "Kill Bill: Vol. 1," which came out in 2003, they told them about Weinstein and they confronted the mogul, leading them to apologize.
But they also described a harrowing onset episode on location in Mexico in which Tarantino ignored them expressed fears of driving a car that they had been warned might be faulty.
Tarantino persuaded them to do it, they said, quoting them as saying, "Hit 40 miles per hour or your hair won't blow the right way and I'll make you do it again."
Video accompanying the article online — which Thurman says took them 15 years to procure — shows Thurman struggling to control the car, crashing into a tree and then being carried from the car.
"That was a deathbox that I was in," Thurman was quoted as saying.
A total of 545 farmers from seven municipalities in the province of North Cotabato received their respective certificates of land ownership award (CLOA) in a distribution ceremony held at the municipal hall here on Friday.
The event was part of a series of CLOA distributions facilitated by the Department of Agrarian Reform (DAR) nationwide since the start of 2018 under the leadership of Secretary John Castriciones.
The distribution was led by Undersecretary Karlo Bello of Field Operations Office, Director Leomides Villareal of Public Assistance and Media Relations Service of DAR Central Office and DAR Region 12 Director Nasser Musali.
Bello said the mandate of President Rodrigo Duterte is for the Agrarian Reform department to help farmers in the country free themselves from poverty.
They cited efforts of DAR officials and employees in North Cotabato for the processing and actually distributing the CLOA to the beneficiaries.
Serving the farmers justice by installing them in the lands they till is a process of eliminating the feudal system of land ownership in the country, Villareal said.
They challenged agrarian reform beneficiaries or ARBs not to dispose of lands they now own by selling or leasing them.
The department will provide the ARBs with support services in the form of farm-to-market roads, capital and other forms of farm support, according to Villareal.
Data provided by DAR-North Cotabato indicated that a total of 849.2077 hectares of lands were covered during the distribution.
Of the total number of ARBs, 110 received collective CLOA while 435 received their respective individual CLOA.
The data showed that a total of 43 CLOA were distributed to farmers during the ceremony in Arakan town, 97 in Kidapawan City, 18 in Magpet, 43 in Mlang, 91 in President Roxas, 16 in Tulunan and 237 in Makilala.
Oscar Baylosis, 62, with six children, and Anastacio Tuble, 42, were among the ARBs from Arakan town who received their CLOA also on Friday.
Baylosis and Tuble expressed gratitude to the DAR and the President for helping them secure ownership of the land they have tilled for years.
Pedro Cagas, an ARB from Makilala town, urged their fellow beneficiaries not to sell the lands that they now own.
Cagas said they have been waiting for their COLA for 30 years.
So maybe it is all true. Maybe the years of hurt are soon to end, the barren World Cup landscape soon to be filled with the gleaming gold trophy, street parties to go on for months and 2018 to go down in history as the year they finally did it. Yes, maybe, just maybe, football is coming home to Sweden. Or England. Or likely Brazil. Or five of the other countries still left in the tournament. Yes, it wasn't a dream/nightmare, England did really win a penalty shootout in the World Cup and, with that, advance to the quarter-finals where they will meet Sweden on Saturday at 3pm. Ken Early was in Moscow to witness Jordan Pickford's brilliant save and Eric Dier's winning penalty and they write that this England team is even perhaps a bit German in how they go about their business. Now that's a scary thought.
Meanwhile, Mary Hannigan discusses the very real possibility that England may actually win the World Cup. As Eamon Dunphy pointed out before the game, there was a “massive prize” on offer to the victors in Moscow: “Sweden in the quarter-finals?!? And then Croatia or Russia?!? And then you're in the final! Football's coming home, baby!” The sad news is that there is now a full two-day, 48-hour break in the football but don't despair, the sun is shining outside so maybe go and sample some fresh air and come back just in time for Friday at 3pm when France takes on Uruguay. You can find all four of the quarter-final fixtures as well as much more on our World Cup website.
#break #break #break #break #break
Trio's escape spoiled by lacklustre lockpicks
Three thieves' tools of the trade proved to be their undoing after they were arrested by capital police in Daun Penh district's Srah Chak commune on Sunday.
A 28-year-old cook filed a complaint after their moto disappeared from in front of their house.
Authorities found the tools used to crack the lock, which led the puzzling police right to the three stealthy suspects. The moto was returned to its owner.
NOKORWAT
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Scientists have figured out a way to keep certain proteins active outside the cell, which could lead to materials with functions usually only found in living systems.
The researchers used the technology to create mats that can soak up and trap chemical pollution.
Despite years of effort to stabilize proteins outside of their native environments, scientists have made limited progress in combining proteins with synthetic components like fibers without compromising protein activity.
The new study, which appears in the journal Science, shows a path toward exploiting the power of proteins outside the cell by demonstrating a way to keep proteins active in synthetic environments.
The materials in the study could enable on-demand biochemical reactions, such as in war zones or contaminated sites, where they were once not feasible.
The problem with proteins
“We think we've cracked the code for interfacing natural and synthetic systems,” says author Ting Xu, a professor in the materials science and engineering and chemistry departments at the University of California, Berkeley, whose lab led the work.
The problem with proteins is that they're finicky. Remove them from their native environments and they will likely fall apart. To function properly, proteins must fold into a specific structure, often with the help of other proteins.
To overcome this challenge, Xu's lab analyzed trends in protein sequences and surfaces to see if they could develop a synthetic polymer that provides all the things that a protein would need to keep its structure and function.
“Proteins have very well-defined statistical pattern, so if you can mimic that pattern, then you can marry the synthetic and natural systems, which allows us to make these materials,” says first author Brian Panganiban, a former graduate student in Xu's lab who is now a chemist at PolyDrop, a Seattle-based chemical company.
The researchers then created random heteropolymers, which they call RHPs. RHPs are composed of four types of monomer subunits, each with chemical properties designed to interact with chemical patches on the surface of proteins of interest. The monomers are connected to mimic a natural protein to maximize the flexibility of their interactions with protein surfaces.
Researchers at Northwestern University ran extensive molecular simulations to show that the RHP would interact favorably with protein surfaces, leading to correct protein folding and stability outside of the cell.
Making materials from proteins
The researchers then tested whether they can use an RHP to create protein-based materials for bioremediation of toxic chemicals. The researchers mixed RHP with a protein called organophosphorus hydrolase (OPH), which degrades the toxic organophosphates found in insecticides and chemical warfare agents.
The researchers used the RHP/OPH combination to make fiber mats, submersed the mats in a well-known insecticide. The mats degraded an amount of insecticide weighing approximately one-tenth of the total fiber mat in just a few minutes. The scientists say this opens the door to making larger mats that could soak up toxic chemicals in places like war zones.
Their approach should be applicable to other enzymes and other materials, Xu says, leading to portable chemistry labs for solving different environmental problems.
The US Department of Defense funded the work. The Department of Energy and the Sherman Fairchild Foundation supported collaborators at Northwestern University. Researchers at the University of Lyon and the Air Force Laboratory received support from the Fulbright program and the Miller institute.
Source: UC Berkeley
ST MARK'S Anglican Church will celebrate in heritage style for three days next week for the Southern Southern Downs Heritage Festival.
From Friday to Saturday St Mark's will host hourly guided tours of the 1868 church with its iconic stained glass windows from 9am-4pm.
Visitors can also enjoy the sounds of the organ and carillon during each tour, and can check out sales of pre-loved jewellery and treasures (until 3pm Friday and from 7.30am-noon on Saturday) and books, handicraft and memorabilia.
Home baking and lunches will be available from the heritage tearooms on the church grounds over the three days.
St Mark's parishioner Sue Nalder said the culmination of the heritage celebrations would be the Pre May Day Merriment.
"There will be the medieval-costumed East Street Singers as strolling minstrels and the Society for Creative Anachronism (Canton of Stegby) erecting a maypole, doing demonstrations and encouraging everyone to have a go," Mrs Nalder said.
"I can assure you it is not as easy as it looks.
"It is nostalgia for many in our community and a lot of fun for all ages."
The merriment kicks off at 1.30pm following the church service at 8.30am and guided tours from 10-noon and 3-4pm.
For more information phone Sue on 0427962281 or email sue.nalder@gmail.com
Anthony Davis scored 43 points to help the New Orleans Pelicans beat the Oklahoma City Thunder 114-100 today.
Davis made 17 of 34 shots and had 10 rebounds, and E'Twaun Moore added 26 points for the Pelicans.
New Orleans had lost two straight since All-Star DeMarcus Cousins was lost for the season with a left Achilles tendon rupture. They righted the ship by shooting 51 per cent from the field against the Thunder.
Oklahoma City's Russell Westbrook had 16 points, 14 assists and 10 rebounds for their 16th triple-double of the season. Steven Adams had 23 points and 12 rebounds for the Thunder, who lost their third straight after an eight-game winning streak.
Westbrook approached a triple-double in the first half with nine points, nine assists and seven rebounds to help the Thunder take a 58-54 lead at the break.
The Pelicans seized momentum early in the third quarter. New Orleans led 97-89 in the fourth when Westbrook checked back in after a rest.
Last week, local Realtors attended the Midyear Economic Forecast at our monthly Santa Barbara Association of Realtors meeting.
Mark Schniepp, director of the California Economic Forecast, which prepares forecasts and economic commentary all over California, presented a national, state and local real estate update. A graduate of UCSB and resident of Goleta, Schniepp's insight into our local real estate market can be very valuable.
Last year, more than a few local Realtors expressed their concern over the positive outlook their report provided. Having been through the most difficult market many of us have ever seen, I recall the term Pollyanna was bandied about after their presentation.
Happily, their forecast was more accurate than any of us could have imagined. The gains in number of sales and equity increases have surprised and delighted. Since the value loss of up to 35 percent from the peak,we're now back up 20 percent.
The number of distressed sales (bank owned, or short sales) have fallen from 32 percent of our market to 15 percent. The number of sales in Santa Barbara is up 12 percent, and the percentage would be greater if we had more homes to sell. In fact, things are looking up in such a short period of time that many of the skeptics are still concerned that we are heading into a “double dip” or another “bubble” situation. The question “Is the recovery real?” is on many people's minds.
The increase in sales and values is not just local, but a national phenomenon, and in California we are second only to Utah in job growth with great gains in employment in professional services and tourism. Job creation, the lack of inventory and the dissolving impact of distressed properties indicate that we are gradually approaching recovery and a normal market in the next couple of years.
What to expect for 2014? Gradually higher interest rates, more inventory, a closer to standard appreciation and a good year ahead. It is such a pleasure to write these words, especially while I'm president! Stay tuned for more real estate information and market updates.
If there is anything on your mind that you'd like SBAOR to address, feel free to contact your local Realtor to bring the idea forward or contact the association with your questions or concerns.
— Laurel Abbott is a real estate agent with Prudential California Realty and president of the Santa Barbara Association of Realtors. Contact them at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or 805.879.8050. The opinions expressed are them own.
BEIRUT (AP) " Human Rights Watch says the U.S.-led coalition fighting the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq is endangering civilians by using artillery-delivered white phosphorous.
Steve Goose, the arms director for the New-York-based rights group, says in a statement Wednesday that "no matter how white phosphorus" is used, it poses "a high risk of horrific and long-lasting harm" in crowded cities like Raqqa and Mosul.
HRW, citing research and media reports, refers to several incidents in Raqqa and Mosul where artillery-fired white phosphorous was used but could not determine if there were casualties. The group says the rationale for the use of the weapon is unclear as the U.S.-led coalition doesn't comment on specific incidents.
White phosphorous is designed to illuminate battlefields at night, but can cause severe and lasting burns.
Stocks at record levels after Yellen remarks
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Gardaí arrested three men on suspicion of IRA membership after a tip-off from an undercover FBI agent, the Special Criminal Court has heard.
The undercover agent was contacted via the darknet by someone looking for Semtex explosives to be sent to Ireland.
Jonathan Hawthorn (45) of Ballintyre Downs in Ballinteer, James Geraghty (61) of Dolphin House in Dolphin's Barn, and Donal O'Ceallaigh (33) with an address on Beach Road, Sandymount pleaded not guilty to membership of an unlawful organisation styling itself the Irish Republican Army, otherwise Oglaigh na hEireann, otherwise the IRA on September 14th, 2016.
Opening the trial for the prosecution on Wednesday, John Byrne BL told the non-jury three-judge court that in August 2016 an undercover member of the FBI was monitoring activity on the darknet, a part of the internet that allows users to browse anonymously without being spied on by law enforcement.
There are sites on the darknet, such as AlphaBay, that specialise in the sale of illegal material including explosives, counsel said. Through AlphaBay the FBI agent received a message from a user called Meat Cleaver who was looking for Semtex to be delivered to Ireland.
While the prosecution does not say that Meat Cleaver was an identity used by any of the accused men, Mr Byrne said the home of James Geraghty at Dolphin House was identified as the delivery address. The FBI agent alerted gardaí who created a “mock-up package” designed to mimic what had been ordered by Meat Cleaver.
At 11.05am on September 14th, 2016, an undercover garda dressed as a DHL driver delivered the package to Dolphin House where they met and spoke with Jonathan Hawthorn and Donal O'Ceallaigh. Mr Hawthorn signed for the package in the name of James Geraghty.
Gardaí monitored the movements of Mr Hawthorn and Mr O'Ceallaigh and arrested Mr Hawthorn at 11.46am that morning at St James's Hospital. They were carrying a rucksack which contained items that had been placed in the package delivered that morning. Mr O'Ceallaigh was arrested nearby on St James's Street.
Gardaí, using a warrant, searched Mr Geraghty's home and found the package on a couch in the sitting room. Mr Geraghty was arrested a short time later. Mr Byrne said the judges would hear evidence that the men failed to answer questions put to them by gardaí and a chief superintendent will give belief evidence regarding the accused mens' involvement in the IRA on the date in question. The trial continues before Ms Justice Isobel Kennedy presiding with Judge Gerard Griffin and Judge Gerard Haughton.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Things won't be dull, that's the first thing I'll say.
Money is a man who does not suffer fools lightly - be it in the boardroom, in the dressing room, the media room or in the stands.
They do not mince their words and can be a prickly personality - but they get results. He's been a success at every club he's managed in England.
Walsall were in a right state when they took over at the Banks's Stadium in 2006. They had been relegated to League Two after the failed experiment of Paul Merson as a player manager.
The club was at a nadir and not too much was expected of Money, an unknown to most fans over here despite having enjoyed managerial success in Sweden and New Zealand.
But not only did they sweep up the mess Merson left behind, they got Walsall promoted back to League One at the first attempt. As champions.
They turned a side that had leaked goals under the previous manager into a mean defensive machine that conceded just 34 goals in 46 league games.
It wasn't always pretty but it was exactly what Walsall needed.
And not only did they take up Walsall up, they put them in contention for the playoffs the following year and potential promotion to the Championship before the rug was pulled from under them - the transfer window sales of key players convincing them to quit the club after less than two seasons.
(Image: Steve Feeney)
Many Walsall fans still pine for them - despite the abrasive style that saw them rub plenty of supporters up the wrong way.
That confrontational style continued when they managed Luton and Cambridge - and from a media point of view they were a horror to try to interview when their team had not won.
But the success followed too. They led Luton to second place in the National League, albeit they failed in the playoffs, and then took Cambridge back into the Football League, that time triumphing through the playoff route.
Solihull will be a different job to those two - indeed it will probably be more comparable to their time at Walsall where they first picked up the affectionate nickname Dickie Dosh.
Again they will have to work against the odds with a smaller budget than the majority of their competitors.
But they know the division and they have never been relegated as a manager - indeed in their first job in Sweden they saved Vasteras SK from what looked an inevitable drop.
The man who has replaced Liam McDonald will get Solihull well drilled, organised and hard to beat - indeed 'hard to beat' was their mantra at Walsall and the side walked out to the song of the same name by Hard-Fi.
If they have half the impact at Moors as they did at Walsall, they will keep them up comfortably.
Yes, times have changed - the period I write of was more than a decade ago - but the basics of the game remain the same. And recognising that was always one of Money's strengths.
They will need time of course but Moors fans should get behind him. If they don't, they risk one of their icy stares - and a few verbals besides - that still give some folk at Walsall nightmares!
It's Non League Day this weekend. Moors are at home to Hartlepool United in the National League.
If you plan on doing some outdoor grilling this holiday, be it charcoal or gas, we have some information that might surprise you. The owner of Tess' Kitchen Store in Grass Valley, Steve Rosenthal, says, for best results you should not start cooking any meat, with the exception of hamburger, until it reaches room temperature. That can take one to two hours, depending on what you're cooking…
click to listen to Steve Rosenthal
Rosenthal says hamburger does not need to be left on the counter at all. They also recommend salting the meat overnight. But before you start cooking, make sure the grill is properly cleaned. They say it's easiest, and most effective, after it's preheated. For charcoal grills, that can take as long as 45 minutes. But they say bacteria is not actually the concern…
click to listen to Steve Rosenthal
Rosenthal also says you should never use lighter fluid for charcoal. They say it can contaminate the flavor and gets onto other grill surfaces. They say all you need to use is newspaper, including with a chimney starter.
It's now almost certain that cigarettes will be increased in next week's budget. The scale of the...
Ruban Nielson is sitting outside a cafe in Paris when they suddenly pause mid-sentence, somewhat perplexed. A number of deafening police and ambulance sirens have momentarily halted our conversation with the Unknown Mortal Orchestra frontman, who apologises for the disruption.
“It'd be the most UMO thing ever if I got stuck in a terrorist attack, or something,” they say, laughing.
While Nielson may make light of such a situation, they are no stranger to drama – as the past few years, and particularly the making of their band's new album, Sex & Food, have demonstrated.
In search of a new direction after three critically acclaimed psychedelic indie rock records, the 38-year-old New Zealander took to to the road to write and record album No 4 in various locations around the world with their portable studio and bandmates (including brother Kody) in tow.
In Mexico City, they were caught in the midst of the catastrophic earthquake that struck in September 2017. They travelled to the demilitarised zone between North and South Korea (later spending some time recording in the nearest studio, which was in Seoul) and then there was the trip to Hanoi, Vietnam, where they were briefly detained by police for attending a gig that was “kind of like a protest thing”. “That was a very interesting experience for me to go through at the time,” they say. “It didn't give me any answers to anything. It just helped to make everything more ambiguous than ever. But on the way back, I started writing on the plane and I had most of the lyrics that I needed for the rest of the album by the time I landed.”
One thing's for certain; they never would have thought that he'd be here, figuratively and literally, eight years after they anonymously uploaded Unknown Mortal Orchestra's first song to Bandcamp.
“We joke about it all the time, Jake [Portrait, bassist] and I,” they chuckle. “When the band started, we had funny dreams about what might happen – but we kind of passed those dreams quite a long time ago. At some point we sort of felt like we were just kind of making the whole thing up as we go along.”
Press kerfuffle
Unknown Mortal Orchestra's output has been both critically acclaimed and hailed for its eclecticism from the very beginning, but 2015's Multi-Love proved to be their biggest release to date. It also drew a lot of attention to the band, after a Pitchfork profile documented Nielson's nontraditional relationship set-up (he and their wife were in a relationship with another woman at the time). Looking back on the kerfuffle that followed, they say that a lot of it was out of their control.
“I don't really feel like I had a choice at the time, so I don't really feel like I can ‘regret' it,” they shrug, referring to their openness with the journalist in question. “But I think when I was going into this record, I made sure that I wasn't going to be specific about the experiences that inspired it. So it was two things, really; the first was trying to make sure that I keep some of my life to myself, and the second was that it's a little bit counterproductive to dominate the reading of the songs by telling everybody what experiences influenced it.
“But I feel like it's actually really easy to decode the record; it's just whether people are willing to do it. Then again, who cares? At the end of the day, they're just supposed to be jams for people to listen to on the train to work and stuff like that, so I don't think what happens in my life is particularly that important. If I wanted to, I could weave a story around this one, but I'm just not ready for that to happen to my life again. And also, I don't wanna be the sort of person who is just using their life to give people clickbait,” they laugh. “So I just want to emphasise the music a bit more for a while. That was part of the reason we travelled around so much; to create an alternative story and lots of other things to talk about.”
Unknown Mortal Orchestra. Photograph: Andrew Benge/Redferns via Getty Images
On the nose
That said, some of the tracks on Sex & Food – such as Hunnybee, a sweet love song written for their young daughter, or American Guilt, which tackles their conflicting feelings about living in the US for the past decade and becoming “more American” – are undoubtedly more on the nose.
“When I first moved to America I was kind of bemused by everything, and I felt very much like a lot of the crazier things that happened, I could kind of shrug off as ‘Those crazy Americans',” they say of the latter track. “But after living there for a while and understanding it more, it gets harder for me to be the Kiwi who always says ‘Those crazy Americans'; to have some sort of intuitive feel for the country and also become more Americanised myself. It wasn't really this thing of pointing the finger at other people, more like it was something like a disease that I was catching or contracting. You know, a lot of friends in New Zealand like to listen to it when they're driving around and thinking how much they hate America,” they laugh. “I think the song probably functions that way, too, which is fine – but I'm not really the kind of person who wants to be writing songs about what's wrong with other people. I prefer to kind of just criticise myself or make jokes at my own expense.”
Three different records
Whatever the lyrical context of the album, the piecemeal manner in which it was recorded gave the band licence to make a record that is arguably less structured than its predecessors, but no less engaging.
“I kind of felt like I wanted to try and play the game a little bit differently, I suppose,” agrees Nielson. “I really felt like the music industry changed a lot between Multi-Love and this record, and everything's kind of shifted to streaming. So the whole approach – even with the record being as eclectic as it is – comes a lot from thinking about the way records are issued now. I thought about the way albums are kind of torn apart by playlisting anyway; so it didn't feel like it had to be as cohesive as I used to believe it did. I did want the album to make sense from beginning to end – and I think that it does – but it gave me permission to almost make three different records and sort of mash them all together.”
Eight years after first forming Unknown Mortal Orchestra, Nielson has had to revise that bucket list first dreamed up in Auckland. They claim not to be one for looking too far ahead, but as far as he's concerned, UMO will keep making music for as long as they possibly can.
“I hope it's not finite,” they say, as the faint echo of yet another police siren echoes in the distance. “It feels like something I would always have something to contribute to ... so I do feel like I could make another four albums. I feel like I haven't had to compromise anything; I have a group of people around me who seem to believe in what I do. With every record, I think that I might have gone too far – like, ‘How much longer can I be this personal and still make a living?' but it's still going. So I think we're just still kind of making it up as we go along... but that's okay.”
Unknown Mortal Orchestra play Forbidden Fruit on Monday, June 4th. Sex & Food is out now
JUST EAT IT: FORBIDDEN FRUIT
The Forbidden Fruit carnival pitches up at the Royal Hospital, Kilmainham for three days of music (June 2nd-4th), with the 2018 programme offering something to suit most music fans' tastes. The first two days heavily favour the dance/electronica audience, with the likes of Justice, Glass Animals, Richie Hawtin, Stephan Bodzin, Alex Boman playing on Saturday, and Bonobo, FourTet, Floating Points, Ben UFO, Bicep and more on Sunday. Beastie Boys man Mike D and actor Idris Elba will even be on hand to perform DJ sets on Saturday.
Monday's line-up caters largely for the indie and rock crowd, with headliners The War on Drugs being joined by Grizzly Bear, Spoon, Unknown Mortal Orchestra, Warpaint and the inimitable Thundercat, among others. There's also a healthy Irish contingent across the weekend, from David Kitt to David Keenan, and Booka Brass to hip-hop artists Paul Alwright and Mango & MathMan.
When the lights go out at the Royal Hospital each night, the Forbidden Fruit By Night programme keeps the party going in various city centre venues, with after-parties featuring a number of acts, from the asupervisorstioned FourTet, Bonobo, Tensnake and more – playing the comparatively closer confines of Tengu, Opium, Hangar, The Button Factory and others.
We've been watching a slowing and weakening cold front. It was entering the region late Wednesday but started losing its punch south of Lake Okeechobee. Storms managed to hold together into Palm Beach County, but most thunderstorms fell apart before reaching the rest of south Florida. Our rain chance will be greatly reduced on Wednesday as drier air filters in from the northwest. The main weather change will be lowed humidity readings (even though temperatures won't slide much, behind the front). High pressure will rebuild throughout the middle of the week and that will make for pleasant weather! The high is now centered over the western Gulf of Mexico but it will tend to sag south and weaken by the weekend. Expect seasonal type conditions. That may be a welcome trend since Wednesday was so hot and summer-like. Ft. Lauderdale hit 91-degrees (Wednesday) which was the hottest reading of the year, so far. By the way, even hotter was Pembroke Pines and West Kendall as both soared to 93 degrees on Wednesday afternoon! Over the next several days, expect consistent highs in the lower to middle 80's with nighttime lows near 70.
The Arizona Cardinals improved to 6-7 Sunday afternoon with a win over the Tennessee Titans. With the win, they remain in the mix for the postseason. In fact, while they didn't get a lot of help around the NFC,
Previously 12th, the Cardinals moved up to 11th, as their next opponent, the Washington Redskins, were eliminated from playoff contention with their loss on Sunday.
So here are the standings in the NFC now:
Philadelphia Eagles, 11-2 Minnesota Vikings, 10-3 Los Angeles Rams, 9-4 New Orleans Saints, 9-4 Carolina Panthers, 9-4 Atlanta Falcons, 8-5
Following the six teams who would be in the postseason are the 8-5 Seattle Seahawks and three teams who are 7-6.
Arizona is 6-7. They are two games back with three to play. They basically need to win their rest of their games and then hope for a little help. The Dallas Cowboys and Detroit Lions hold head-to-head tiebreakers over Arizona.
It is unlikely, but even faint hopes make for interesting final weeks.
Listen to the latest from the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
Welcome to our WrestlingINC.com Live WWE RAW Viewing Party. We will be providing live ongoing coverage of tonight's RAW, while you all can chime in with your thoughts throughout the show.
Please help spread word of tonight's coverage. Twitter users, please share this page by clicking the 'Share' button below:
Tweet
Keep hitting REFRESH on your browser to get the most up-to-date results.
- Tonight's WWE RAW opens up with a lengthy video package looking at the recent feud with Seth Rollins and Dean Ambrose vs. RAW Tag Team Champions Sheamus and Cesaro.
- We're live from the TD Garden in Boston as Michael Cole welcomes us. He's joined by Corey Graves and WWE Hall of Famer Booker T.
- We go right to the ring and out comes Dean Ambrose.
Ambrose calls for the music to be cut. They know everyone is asking what's up with they and Seth Rollins after last week. Ambrose calls Rollins out to the ring and here they come to another pop.
Ambrose says he's sick and tired of playing the games. He's just going to ask... what is Rollins doing? They have some back and forth before Rollins says they both know that they can run this place if they team up again. Rollins says if Ambrose is willing to put the past in the past, he's done playing games. Rollins offers their fist for a Shield-style bump and fans pop, then a "yes!" chant breaks out. Ambrose takes it all in and thinks about it. Ambrose can't believe this. This leads to another argument between the two. Rollins says maybe this was just a stupid idea, but maybe it wasn't. Rollins gets hype and says no one can touch them. They change their tune and says maybe too much has happened. He's done playing games. They go to leave but Ambrose stops him. The crowd pops as they stand in the middle of the ring. Ambrose offers their fist and the crowd pops. Rollins stares at Ambrose.
Rollins raises their fist but stops and goes to leave. Some fans boo. They start shoving each other. Ambrose tackles Rollins and they start going at it. Ambrose mounts Rollins with strikes on the mat. Ambrose gets up and asks Rollins what their problem is. Ambrose goes t leave but Rollins attacks from behind and beats them up. Ambrose tackles Rollins out to the floor but they get hung up on the ropes and it looks bad. They're sitting on the floor when the music hits and out come RAW Tag Team Champions Cesaro and Sheamus.
The champs attack and beat Ambrose down first, tossing them over the barrier. They double-team Rollins now, sending them into the barrier. They roll Rollins into the ring and stomp away. The "you look stupid" chants start up. Ambrose finally hits the ring for the save but the numbers game catches up. The babyfaces try for another comeback but get shut down. They finally get up at the same time and unload on the champions. Sheamus gets knocked to the floor. They double-team Cesaro and send them over next. Rollins and Ambrose stand tall as the champs recover at ringside. Another "yes!" chant breaks out. They actually do the fist offering one more time. Finally they put their fists together and stand tall for a pop in the middle of the ring. Ambrose's music hits as Cesaro and Sheamus look on from the ramp. The music hits and out comes RAW General Manager Kurt Angle to loud "you suck!" chants. Angle makes Rollins and Ambrose vs. Cesaro and Sheamus for SummerSlam on Sunday.
- Still to come, the SummerSlam Fatal 4 Way participants will be in the ring at the same time, for the first time. Also, Nia Jax vs. Sasha Banks. We go to commercial.
- Back from the break and the announcers send well wishes to WWE Hall of Famer Ric Flair.
#1 Contenders Match: Nia Jax vs. Sasha Banks
We go to the ring and out first comes Nia Jax. Sasha Banks is out next to a big hometown pop as Mike Rome does the introduction. Before the bell hits, the music interrupts and out comes RAW Women's Champion Alexa Bliss. There's a tall lifeguard chair sitting at ringside and they watch the match from there.
The bell rings and Nia floors Sasha to start the match. Nia mocks Sasha and stands tall as we go to commercial.
Back from the break and they're going at it as Bliss looks on. Nia dumps Sasha to the apron with a headbutt. Nia comes down and Sasha tries to fight for control but Nia grabs them and launches them into the barrier. Sasha hits hard and the referee starts counting. We get replays of the spot and come back to Nia pinning Sasha for a 2 count in the ring. Nia applies a bear hug in the middle of the ring now.
Nia dominates Sasha some more and runs their over. Nia drops a big leg drop but Sasha kicks out at 2. They tangle back & forth and Sasha gets on Nia's back but Nia ends up turning that into a Samoan Drop. Sasha kicks out at 2. Nia shows some frustration before hitting another Samoan Drop. Sasha rolls to the floor for a breather and avoids the pin.
Sasha comes back in for a 2 count. Nia misses an elbow and they both go down. Nia is slow to get up but they get to their feet first. Bliss looks on as we go back to commercial.
Back from the break and Nia has Sasha up top for a superplex but Sasha fights them Sasha goes for the sunset flip powerbomb but Nia hangs on. Sasha ends up hitting the double knees to the gut in the corner but Nia kicks out at 2. Sasha ends up unloading with knees in the corner. Sasha charges but Nia gets their boot up. Sasha gets the Banks Statement applied out of nowhere.
Nia crawls for the bottom rope but Sasha blocks them and tightens the hold. Sasha blocks the counter and drops Nia on their face in the middle of the ring. Sasha gets the hold applied again and tightens it in the middle of the ring. Nia taps and Sasha is going to SummerSlam.
Winner and New #1 Contender: Sasha Banks
- After the match, Sasha's music hits as Bliss looks on from their chair. Sasha stands tall and they stare each other down.
- Kurt Angle is backstage watching and he's excited about how tremendous SummerSlam will be, which is why he's called The Hardys in. They mention how they won't be able to wrestle The Revival at SummerSlam. The Miztourage walks in to interrupt and the WWE Intercontinental Champion isn't happy about what happened last week with Brock Lesnar. This leads to Miz vs. Jason Jordan being made for tonight. A referee walks in and tells Angle that they have a problem with Finn Balor and Bray Wyatt. Angle hurries off and we go back to commercial.
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
The GAA's Director of Communications says there is nothing that can be done about Dublin playing two of their Super 8 games at Croke Park.
Donegal are disgruntled that the reigning All-Ireland champions are allowed to play twice within their county, while every other team must travel for two of their games.
As part of the new Super 8 format, each team in the quarter-finals is to play a home and away game while also playing one at a neutral venue, under rules agreed at Congress last year.
Dublin are set to play Donegal at Croke Park in their opening game, before playing an away fixture and another at GAA HQ.
Donegal wants to meet with GAA officials to express their concerns and also ensure that no team has any advantage over any other team.
But the GAA's Alan Milton feels all counties were aware of the Super 8s format well in advance.
“This all went before Congress, where every county has representation and it was common knowledge from the get-go when the new quarter-final formats were discussed and laid out that this anomaly existed.
“It existed then, it exists now.
“The fact of the matter is that all the games taking place in Croke Park in the first round is not Dublin's fault. It just so happens that Dublin is in the capital, the Dublin GAA team is based here. There's nothing that can be done about that.”
Earlier today, former Donegal manager
Read More:
Jim McGuinness hit out at Dublin having two games at Croke Park saying it gives the reigning champions an unfair advantage.
They said it is “almost inevitable that Dublin will progress from this group if they are given two home games in Croke Park.”
– Digital Desk
Share it:
Don't Miss
A Stoke Newington-based bakery have started selling chocolate crumpets but are they to everybody's taste?
We all know that breakfast people are divided into three categories: 1) sweet 2) savoury 3) those who don't eat early in the morning.
Well, now there's a breakfast aimed at the first two kinds of people and it's getting us all confused. Chocolate crumpets.
Read more: These Rainbow Cheese Toasties Are What Dreams Are Made Of
Whilst some of us delight in a crumpet oozing with melted butter, we're not sure how we feel about entire crumpet made from the sweet stuff.
Although Stoke Newington-based bakery, Knead, has been making them for a year now, it wasn't until BBC Good Food spotted them in Selfridges department store that they've come up on people's radar.
According to Knead, the middle of the crumpet turns gooey when heated. Although it does sound dreamy, why don't you just eat a brownie?
However, unlike your standard buttery crumpet you can eat these straight from the packet, or toast them like you normally would because these breakfast delights contain 70% cocoa chocolate.
But what if you like your crumpet with Marmite? Or jam or honey? Would these be sweetness overload? Or are we just being boring?
A scientist is warning that within months Tāne Mahuta, New Zealand's largest kauri tree, could be dead from kauri dieback disease.
Two weeks ago a kauri dieback infected tree was found in the same vicinity as Tāne Mahuta in Northland's Waipoua Forest.
Dr Amanda Black, from Lincoln University's Bio-Protection Research Centre believes immediate action is needed to stop the disease from spreading.
"The forest is declining and it really is a matter of months based on our experience before Tāne is infected," Dr Black says.
The tree killing disease is spread by mud and humans are the main culprits
Methods to combat it include track improvements, hygiene stations, targeted closures and ongoing scientific research.
The Ministry for Primary Industry admits the existing kauri dieback programme isn't sufficient.
MPI is now pursuing a national pest management plan due by the end of 2019.
It's gaffe that caused some to joke that Donald Trump couldn't find their heart.
US First Lady Melania Trump saved their daydreaming husband from an embarrassing breach of protocol, when they forgot to raise their hand to their heart for the national anthem while hosting their first Easter Egg Roll at the White House.
Even the couple's 10-year-old son Barron knew what to do, raising their hand as the family stood on a balcony overlooking one of the mansion's lawns.
The President, however, was staring off into space with both arms by their side until their wife gave them a not-so-subtle nudge with their elbow.
CNN reporter Daniella Diaz first noticed the awkward moment, and it has been reposted thousands of times since they pointed it out on Twitter.
That's a subtle nudge from Melania to remind Trump to lift their hand during the national anthem... https://t.co/P9XlYpjvcQ — Daniella Diaz (@DaniellaMicaela) April 17, 2017
Mr Trump's actions have been widely criticised, but Republicans were quick to point out that their predecessor, Barack Obama, copped a lot of flak for once saluting a Marine Guard with a coffee cup in their hand.
Either way, it seems Mrs Trump will be a tremendous asset to their husband when they leaf their home in New York to join them in Washington.
- news.com.au
NEW YORK (AP) — The Latest on Roseanne Barr (all times local):
11:50 a.m.
President Donald Trump has broken their silence on the cancellation of "Roseanne."
In a tweet, Trump noted that Robert Iger, who is chief executive of ABC's parent Walt Disney Co., called Valerie Jarrett to say the network wouldn't tolerate Roseanne Barr's racist tweet about the former Obama adviser.
Advertisement
Trump wrote that Iger never called them to apologize for "the HORRIBLE statements" that have been said about them on ABC. Tweeted Trump: "Maybe I just didn't get the call."
The president reveled in the show's success this spring, especially after Barr's character came out as a supporter of their policies.
2 a.m.
Roseanne Barr shows no signs they will remain quiet about their firing from their popular ABC series and has highlighted supporters' tweets criticizing the network.
Barr engaged in a series of tweets Tuesday night, hours after ABC announced it was canceling the rebooted "Roseanne" over a racist tweet by the comedian attacking Valerie Jarrett, an adviser to former President Barack Obama.
Barr's post-firing tweets included an apology to those who lost their jobs because of their words, but their choice of retweets struck a defiant tone. They included one post that juxtaposed an image of Jarrett with an image of a "Planet of the Apes" actor — a comparison that led to their firing.
They later tweeted that people should not defend them
LSoft Technologies is proud to announce the newest edition of is popular data recovery software Active@ Partition Recovery 17. Designed to help you recover lost, damaged or deleted hard drive partitions, this software presents a user-friendly solution along with a whole raft of many welcome improvements. You can recover files, folders and entire partitions from just about any writable digital storage device, including both internal and external drives. The latest version sports a refined user interface complete with a simple, step-by-step guide to help you recover your lost partitions quickly and easily.
What's New in Active@ Partition Recovery 17.0.1?
Keeping up with its commitment to constantly improve its industry-leading disk utilities, LSoft Technologies has introduced many tweaks, bug fixes and other important improvements with its latest offering. In particular, version 17 offers better support for the Microsoft ReFS file system, JFS and XFS. It also provides improved support for dynamic virtual volumes and Windows Storage Spaces. Furthermore, the file recovery component now supports several more file signatures, namely MDF and VHDX, which makes it easier to find recoverable files of those types without having to define custom file signatures using the provided scripting engine.
Active@ Partition Recovery 17 also ships with the latest versions of the associated software. The Professional and Ultimate packages come with the newest version of Active@ Disk Editor, while the Ultimate package has the latest version of Active@ LiveCD (now KDE5-based), Active@ Boot Disk (now WinPe 10 x64-based) and Active@ File Recovery. Visit http://partition-recovery.com to find out more.
By Debra Killalea, wires news.com.au
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
It has all the hallmarks of a Hollywood spy film.
An exiled son is killed in the middle of a busy airport while rumours swirl surrounding their potential killer, or killers, and whether it was orchestrated by their very own government.
News that the eldest brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is dead sent fingers automatically pointing back at the regime.
Regarded as the Kim family's troublesome playboy brother, Kim Jong-nam was assassinated at an airport in Malaysia on Monday, a senior official confirmed to AFP.
They were reportedly sprayed with a liquid in the shopping concourse of Kuala Lumpur's airport and sought help at an information counter, complaining of pain and stinging eyes.
Multiple South Korean media reports, citing unidentified sources, said Kim Jong-nam was killed by two women believed to be North Korean agents who fled in a taxi.
District police chief Abdul Aziz Ali confirmed the man, later named as Kim Jong-nam but travelling under the name of Kim Chol, was waiting for a flight to Macau at the time.
But who is Kim Jong-nam, and why is their death important?
THE FALLEN SON
Born in 1971, Kim Jong-nam was the eldest son of then-leader Kim Jong-il and actor Song Hye-rim.
Continued below.
Related Content Tensions high after North Korea missile test How a student started Australia's first North Korean tour company Video Watch: North Korean leader's half-brother killed in Malaysia
 They are the half brother of Kim Jong-un, who shares the same father.
Not a lot is known about the eldest Kim and their upbringing but it is believed their grandfather and founding president Kim Il-sung disapproved of their son's relationship with Kim Jong-nam's mother, according to the Washington Post.
Kim Jong-nam left North Korea in 1979 and lived with their grandmother in Moscow but attended international schools in Russia and Switzerland before returning home in 1988.
But things turned sour in 2001 when they were caught trying to enter Japan on a fake passport, revealing they wanted to visit Disneyland.
Using a Chinese alias that translated "fat bear", the move was widely seen as an embarrassment to their father and pushed them further out of favour.
It is understood they lived in Macau for some time, but also had homes in Beijing and Singapore.
WHY They HAD TO GO
Although there was little evidence that Kim Jong-nam was plotting against the North Korean leader, they provided an alternative for those who would want to see the current leader gone.
Exiled from the country by their father, they lived in Macau until their father died in 2011, according to UK newspaper The Telegraph.
However, Kim Jong-nam soon went into hiding reportedly out of fear that their own half-brother saw them as a direct threat to legitimacy of their regime.
According to South Korean newspaper Chosun Ilbo, Kim Jong-nam had previously worked for North Korea's foreign ministry where their focus was on resolving disputes with Tokyo.
Kim Jong-nam was apparently given the role by their leader brother as a way of keeping their enemies close.
In an interview in 2015, Toshimitsu Shigemura, a professor at Tokyo's Waseda University told The Telegraph they believed this move was strategic in more ways than one.
"I expect Kim Jong-un summoned Kim Jong-nam back to Pyongyang and gave them a job as they are still relatively weak and feared that other factions might support Kim Jong-nam," the professor said.
"It is also possible that China is looking for an alternative North Korean leader and could have thrown their support behind another member of the Kim family."
Mark Tokola, vice president at the Korea Economic Institute in Washington, said it would be surprising if Kim Jong-nam was not killed on the orders of their brother, given that North Korean agents have reportedly tried to assassinate Kim Jong-nam in the past.
"It seems probable that the motivation for the murder was a continuing sense of paranoia on the part of Kim Jong-un, which may be a well-placed paranoia," Mr Tokola wrote in a commentary.
A NATURAL LEADER?
But while many assumed as the eldest son, they were the natural heir apparent, Kim Jong-un's aunt told The Washington Post last year that wasn't the case at all.
According to Ko Yong Suk the current leader was chosen as successor in the early 1990s, when they were only eight years old.
In an interview with Japanese newspaper Tokyo Shimbun Kim Jong-nam admitted they had become distant from their father,
"After I went back to North Korea following my education in Switzerland, I grew further apart from my father because I insisted on reform and market-opening and was eventually viewed with suspicion," they said.
However in a 2012 book, My Father, Kim Jong-il and Me, they were quoted as saying their younger half-brother lacked leadership qualities, the BBC reveals.
Many hoped the elder Kim would bring reform to a country which had been ruled by the same family for generations.
In an interview given to Japanese media in 2010, the reclusive Kim Jong-nam spoke of how they were opposed to hereditary succession, telling broadcaster Asahi they aren't up for the top job.
"Personally I am against third-generation succession," they said.
"I hope my younger brother will do their best for the sake of North Koreans' prosperous lives."
ATTEMPTS ON LIFE
If it is proved Kim Jong-nam was murdered, it wouldn't be the first time an attempt was made on their life.
According to The Telegraph, in 2011 they survived an assassination attempt in Macau.
The following year, a North Korean spy was jailed in South Korea after they admitted trying to organise a hit-and-run targeting Kim Jong-nam.
While the most likely explanation for the killing was that Kim Jong-un was removing a potential challenger to North Korean leadership within their own family, it could also be about sending a warning to North Korean officials to demonstrate the reach of their regime.
Evans Revere, a former US diplomat and specialist on East Asia, said the killing did not mean the North Korean regime was unstable but rather showed Kim Jong-un's brutal control and ability to eliminate opponents or perceived opponents.
But Victor Cha, a former White House director for Asian affairs, disagreed.
"He sacks the minister of state security last month and now kills the elder brother. Doesn't look so stable to me," Mr Cha said.
INTERNATIONAL PLAYBOY
According to the BBC, the eldest Kim was a fan of poker machines in Macau, with the Chinese territory being famous for gambling.
But the slot machines were not their only vice.
Kim Jong-nam also apparently had a way with the ladies and was said to enjoy the women in Macau, GQ reveals.
"Jong-nam was the only Kim family member to speak with foreign media, and the closest the country ever had to an international playboy," writer Nimrod Kamer reports.
South Korean newspaper The Chosun Ilbo reported that Kim Jong-nam had two wives, at least one mistress, and several children.
Their first wife, Shin Jong-hui, is said to live in the northern outskirts of Beijing. Their second wife, Lee Hye-kyong and their son Han-sol and their daughter Sol-hui, reportedly live in a modest 12-storey apartment building in Macau. Their mistress, former Air China flight attendant Chen Jia-Xi, also lives in Macau.
HIDING IN MALAYSIA
Kim Jong-nam went into hiding in Malaysia after the execution of their uncle Jang Song-thaek, according to The Sun.
It is understood they were close to their uncle, who was North Korea's second most powerful man before being executed on Kim Jong-un's orders in 2013.
The year before, Kim Jong-nam reportedly said that the Chinese government was monitoring them and spoke about theirs fate.
"The Chinese government is protecting me, but it is also monitoring me, too. It's my inevitable fate," they said. "If you can't avoid it, it's better to enjoy it."
- with AFP and AP
- news.com.au
The Crown says it has filed an appeal after charges were stayed against Jamie Bacon in relation to the Surrey Six killings. (File photo)
B.C.'s prosecution is appealing after charges were stayed in the Surrey Six massacre against Red Scorpions gang leader Jamie Bacon.
On Dec. 1, a BC Supreme Court decision was released that said a judge had granted Bacon's application for a stay of proceedings in their trial on charges of first-degree murder and conspiracy to commit murder.
The hearing occurred in closed court, and the judge's reasons for granting the application are sealed.
On Monday, the prosecution service said it has reviewed the abbreviated ruling, saying it reveals “errors of law” and that “the public interest requires an appeal.”
The service said it anticipates that further court filings, as well as some or all of the appeal proceedings, will be sealed or closed to the public.
Six men, including two innocent bystanders, were shot dead at the Balmoral Tower on Oct. 19, 2007. Cody Haevischer and Matthew Johnston were convicted in 2014 of six counts of first-degree murder and one count of conspiracy.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jurgen Klopp has almost hinted at an apology to West Bromwich Albion fans ahead of Liverpool's visit of Roma this evening.
The Reds boss was the subject of anger and humour from Albion supporters after they claimed that the dryness of the pitch was the reason that their side blew a two-goal lead at The Hawthorns on Saturday.
The German also had a subtle dig at the Baggies ahead of a likely campaign in the Championship next season, something that brought into question their professionalism by many Throstles fans.
Klopp seemed in a penitent mood having had time to reflect on the draw before tonight's huge encounter in the first leg of the Champions League semi-finals against Serie A outfit Roma.
In their pre-match interview with BT Sport, they admitted to being out of line with their comments over the weekend.
“You like a joke, good news is, it won't be a dry pitch tonight,” quipped the BT Sport interviewer, referring to the heavy rain falling on Merseyside tonight.
Klopp (laughs): “Greetings to Birmingham. I was not in the best mood that day.”
Beat 'em to it
West Bromwich Albion's relegation rivals Stoke City have confirmed they tried to sign Daniel Sturridge in January.
Stoke wanted Sturridge to spearhead their attack, with Saido Berahino continuing to struggle at the Britannia Stadium.
But Sturridge opted to join Albion instead and the injury-prone Liverpool loanee has played just 149 minutes for the Baggies.
Berahino has been sidelined by Paul Lambert and has not scored a senior goal for more than two years.
Stoke chairperson Peter Coates confirmed the Potters tried to bring in Sturridge on loan in January because of the situation with Berahino and fellow flop Jese Rodriguez.
"We did try to strengthen again in January, it wasn't something we were unaware of, but football is more complicated than that," Coates told the Sentinel .
“We tried to spend money, but for whatever reason we weren't successful. Good strikers who will make a difference are not easy to find, as anyone in football will tell you.
“We tried to sign Daniel Sturridge from Liverpool for example, but they preferred West Bromwich Albion because they wanted to move to that area. We tried for Danny Ings, but once they let Sturridge go they wouldn't let them go.
“You must remember we had Jese at great cost and Saido Berahino at great cost, but they haven't performed for us.”
More Albion news
One thing is certain at The Hawthorns this evening - the pitch has been well watered!
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp made headlines on Saturday when they blamed the dry surface for their side's dropped points as West Brom battled back from two goals down to rescue a point.
Jake Livermore and then, dramatically, Salomon Rondon scored in the final 11 minutes to bring the scores level and leave Klopp fuming.
While the excuse was practically laughed off by Darren Moore, who assured the Reds boss that the move to not activate the sprinklers at half time was not a deliberate ploy, Albion couldn't resist the most subtle of digs at the German through the official Twitter account.
Before tonight's U23 welcoming of Blackburn Rovers, which Albion eventually lost 4-1, the Baggies rather cheekily posted the below tweet, in full view of a couple of sprinklers!
CLICK HERE to donate to the Lakeside High School Spirit Squad
Evans, GA (WJBF) A new cheer squad at a local high school is the first of its kind here in the CSRA. A Special Education teacher at Lakeside High School in Evans, GA started the Spirit Squad. The club includes students with and without disabilities.
The Spirit Squad invited NewsChannel 6 to their big debut. NewsChannel 6's Ashley Osborne was there for their first performance at Lakeside High School's pep rally on Friday.
The crowd went wild when the Spirit Squad took the floor! The group started with a cheer that goes like this–Panther fans we want to see you stomp, and shake it! We are told that this is the favorite among many of the team members.
Senior Brooklyn Hilley has cheered their whole life.  They are also the Spirit Squad's team captain.
“We have practice like every cheer team would,” Hilley explains. “We cheer on teams that don't necessarily have their own cheer team so like, lacrosse, soccer, JV sports.”
Sophomore Sydney Lovelace also has a long history with cheerleading.  They are the squad's co-captain. “Me and Brooklyn get together and modify the cheers to make them easier to remember.”
The Napier twins, Riley and Rachel, can now cheer together. This is something that has not always been possible for the girls because of Rachel's disabilities. Their mom Kendra describes how proud it makes them to watch their two girls on the same cheer squad.
“It's great!” Napier continues, “It's hard to find a place with Rachel, and as soon as Mrs. Kean said, we're thinking about doing this, they were real excited, but nervous. But she's happy because I think it's a good way for them to come out of their shell.”
Reporter Ashley Osborne turns the mic to Rachel and asks how long they have wanted to be a cheerleader.
“Forever!” Rachel says with a big smile on their face. When asked how it makes them feel that they are now a cheerleader, Rachel says–Happy! Again, with a giggle.
Special Education teacher Melissa Kean started the club.
“I want them to have this experience,” Kean says. “This High School Experience, that everybody else gets that a lot of times, these kids miss out on.”
Kean wants more schools to start inclusive teams. “So that they can get the opportunities and the chance to do this just like we can,” says Kean.
Kean says they are more than willing to help walk you through getting a team started at your school! You can reach them by calling Lakeside High School and asking for Melissa Kean.
Also, the team runs on donations. Scroll to the top of the page to for the link to donate.
A 7-year-old who tried to set fire to their primary school and an intermediate student who committed 46 burglaries are some of the Western Bay children who have turned their lives around with support from police and a local youth charity.
Police youth worker Sonny Walker works with about 50 families in the Bay with children under 14 involved in low-level crime such as shoplifting, trespassing, breaking into schools, houses and "generally being menaces".
The police youth team works alongside Te Aranui Youth Trust, one of the beneficiaries of a charity lunch today, which helps at-risk youth by providing camps, mentoring and other programmes.
Te Aranui trustee and lunch organiser Lavina Good said the average age of children the trust worked with was 12, with some as young as 7.
Advertisement
"These are really at-risk kids who, if we don't help them get off the path they are on, could easily grow up to inflict serious crime in our community.
"One minute it's just a menace kid in the neighbourhood, but a few years down the track that kid could be burgling your house or dealing drugs."
Walker agreed early intervention prevented children escalating to serious crime.
"It can be as simple as getting them to school, because if they are not at school and they are hanging round with the wrong people, that is when they get up to no good."
If there were barriers to getting to school, Te Aranui would help with uniforms, lunches, shoes, "whatever it takes", they said.
"Get their boys out of bed, make sure they have food in their stomach, got lunch and shoes on their feet. The right school uniform from head to toe ... making sure they've got to school at all.
"These kids might not be getting good examples of behaviour at home - being exposed to drugs, alcohol and violence. We don't discriminate who we help - one kid I'm helping now their grandfather is a well-known gang member and other family members are patched, but I can still go in and build a relationship."
They have built such relationships with many Bay families over the years.
To help the 7-year-old would-be arsonist, Walker got the Fire Service to work with him, and the young burglar was encouraged back to school and to take up sport.
One woman grateful for the help from Walker's team and Te Aranui is Merivale mother of six Nicky, who did not want their last name published.
Them sons, now 13, 17 and 18, have all been supported by Walker, who met them five years ago when the older two boys were being "menaces".
"They were getting into trouble at school, not going to school, stealing, fighting, breaking things."
Nicky said Walker used to turn up at the house each morning to make sure they got to school. One day they turned up with shoes and another day they brought their tool kit to fix up a bike.
The boys attended Te Aranui programmes and learned sport, haka, driving skills and horse riding.
"They supported them big time ... If they were driving me crazy, they'd come and get them. It was a relief that I had someone that was actually there to save these kids. And not just my kids, but other people's kids," Nicky said.
From being a petty criminal, Nicky's 17-year-old now wants to join the police, and their 18-year-old is a local surf lifesaving volunteer.
Nicky said their lives could have been very different without the support of Walker and Te Aranui.
"I tried my best with them but I was tearing my hair out ... it's difficult in the hood when they started hanging out with some people and going to parties and things ... I'm so proud of how they have turned out."
Ladies Long Lunch
The sold-out Ladies Long Lunch is hosting 300 guests with a five-course degustation of rescued food in a marquee at Toi Ohomai Institute of Technology.
Money raised from the Ladies Long Lunch will help Te Aranui fund its mentoring programme, Te Ara Poutama, to help youth offenders and youths in danger of offending, as well as school holiday programmes.
Te Aranui Youth Trust
Te Aranui Youth Trust works with young people 14 and under in the Western Bay of Plenty to resist negative influences and guide them to positive pathways.
Works alongside Police Youth Development programmes.
Receives no government funding and is funded through donations, sponsorship and community funding.
SEATTLE (AP) — Washington state has sued the operator of one of the largest immigration detention centers in the United States, claiming it did…
ELLSWORTH — The Hancock County Republican Women will meet on Wednesday, June 21, at 11:30 a.m. at Pat's Pizza in Ellsworth.
A short business meeting will be followed by a Thirty-One party with pocketbooks, insulated picnic containers and accessories.
Lunch will be from the famous Pat's Pizza menu. This will be a fundraiser for the organization.
The public is welcome to attend.
""It is not possible to make a sound decision or to participate in society without being informed about one's options, opportunities, and rights.""
2016 Annual Report European Youth Information and Counselling Agency
Filipinos looking for the IKEA experience will have to continue waiting before the Swedish furniture and home accessories retailer opens its first store in the Philippines.
“We are [still]looking for sites and partners,” IKEA Southeast Asia Market Development Manager Georg Platzer told reporters at the sidelines of Monday's launch of the Philippines-Sweden Business Council.
“We have gotten from Inter IKEA Systems B.V. the franchise rights to open a store here in the Philippines,” they noted, with the first store — to be located in Metro Manila — expected to open in “less than 3 years”.
“The Philippines is a big country and has many people, and we are expecting a lot of visitations so the store would [have to]be big,” Platzer said.
“First of all, we'd like to be 100 percent sure that we find the right locations because we need things like a well-developed infrastructure, roads, public transport, electricity supply and everything you need to operate such a big retail store,” they added.
Logistics will be crucial since products will have to be imported and stored in warehouses before being sold and shipped to customers.
“Good logistics planning is needed and that also takes time,” Platzer said.
“We're barely constructing here in the Philippines so we need to find the right partners who are able to build such a building according to our standards and our books — basically following all European standards,” they added.
Platzer said IKEA's first store in the Philippines could be bigger than one established in South Korea.
“The store's size [in Seoul]is 60,000 square meters including the warehouse. We plan for a very big store [in the Philippines],” they said.
“The thing is the plan's architecture drawings are not yet ready so it would be speculation to talk about the size. The biggest so far is in Seoul and we want it (the Philippine store) to be bigger,” they added.
“It's a big project so the whole supply chian of IKEA has to be prepared for this opening as well, so it's not like it will just open. It usually takes two to three years from the moment of final decision to the opening so the rest of the supply chain also gets prepared.”
Asked to comment on reports that IKEA would be locating at the SM Mall of Asia, Platzer replied that “nothing is signed yet”.
“We are negotiating with all major players in the Philippines. We are talking it out but it's not yet signed and not yet finally decided. I wouldn't say that [the talks with SM]is most advanced,” they said.
Platzer noted that “SM is holding probably the biggest, best commercial areas in the Philippines and Southeast Asia … SM has the ability to bring a lot of people to certain spots but that's also valid for Ayala Malls and that's also valid for Robinsons.”
Aside from Metro Manila, IKEA could also put up stores in key cities like Cebu, Davao, Cagayan de Oro and Baguio.
“In the next five to 10 years, maybe four to six locations but in different formats. We're also looking into smaller store formats. We'd like to be as close as possible to places where the people are,” Platzer said,
“The bigger-growing provincial capitals … like Cebu, I would say, is definitely in our map on the long run. In Mindanao, Davao maybe and Cagayan de Oro in the long run … we see cities like Baguio, San Fernando, there are provincial cities that have already good potential for some smaller store format,” they said
“We have actually established a legal entity in the Philippines which is called Ikano Philippines … We just need a local partner in the Philippines for land acquisition but not for retailing, not for the retail operations because that is 100 percent owned by Ikano.”
Dubai: A jobless man who battered a public relations officer with a baseball bat and left them with a dislocated jaw following a three-year-old dispute, has been jailed for three years.
The 24-year-old Emirati man attacked the 22-year-old Pakistani officer while they were waiting for their friends and knocked them unconscious in October 2015.
The Emirati and their friends had a group fight more than three years ago with the Pakistani and their friends, said records.
The officer's younger brother and their friends intervened to stop the assault and save their brother before they reported the matter to the police.
The Dubai Court of First Instance convicted the Emirati of assaulting the 22-year-old man and causing them a permanent disability.
Medical reports said the public relations officer sustained chronic inflammation in their sinuses and lost the ability to chew properly.
The defendant denied the accusation of causing a 10 per cent permanent disability to the victim.
Presiding judge Urfan Omar also referred the victim's civil lawsuit to the Dubai Civil Court.
The 22-year-old man said they were waiting in Al Mamzar for their friends to pick them when the accused and another person came and assaulted him.
“Just out of nowhere, the defendant and their friend came there and beat me. The 24-year-old Emirati took out a baseball bat and hit me on my face. I fell unconscious and only regained consciousness in the ambulance when I was being taken to hospital. I reported the matter to the police and informed them that them about the accused, their absconding friend [one who assaulted me] and the fight which I had three years ago,” the officer told prosecutors.
Officer's 18-year-old brother testified that their elder brother called them to tell that they were being assaulted.
“I rushed with my friends to save my brother … we saw the defendant and their friend, who remains at large, beating my brother. I had contacted the police before heading to the place where my brother was attacked. The attackers pushed me away and assaulted me and my friends as well,” the brother said.
The Emirati admitted to prosecutors that they assaulted the 22-year-old officer.
An explosion rocked New York's Port Authority, one of the city's busiest commuter hubs, on Monday morning and police said one suspect was injured and in custody but that no-one else was hurt in the rush-hour incident.
New York police confirm one person in custody after reports of explosion at Port Authority, one of the city's busiest commuter hubs https://t.co/TPgW73Nm0v pic.twitter.com/OoXJhXq0q4 — Reuters Top News (@Reuters) December 11, 2017
Police confirmed one person was in custody but were not yet identifying the device used. Local news channel WABC cited police sources as saying a possible pipe bomb detonated in a passageway below ground at Port Authority and WPIX cited sources as saying a man with a “possible second device” has been detained in the subway tunnel.
The bus terminal was temporarily closed, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey said in a Twitter statement.
“There was a stampede up the stairs to get out,” said Diego Fernandez, one of the commuters at Port Authority. “Everybody was scared and running and shouting.”
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and President Donald Trump have been briefed on the incident, according to local media and the White House.
News of the incident jarred financial markets as trading was getting underway for the week. Standard & Poor's 500 index emini futures pared gains, the dollar weakened against the yen and U.S. Treasury securities prices gained on a modest flight-to-safety bid.
BREAKING: Police are investigating a possible explosion at the Port Authority Bus Terminal https://t.co/SegPtHh4W9 — New York Post (@nypost) December 11, 2017
BREAKING: Tourists 'stampede' amid reports of explosion at New York's main bus stationhttps://t.co/qiQI2icnbi pic.twitter.com/TzqjcpyFcN — Daily Mirror (@DailyMirror) December 11, 2017
second explosion at a bus stop in New York pic.twitter.com/LzY2137tJ9 — Potkin Azarmehr (@potkazar) December 11, 2017
The incident occurred less than two months after an Uzbek immigrant killed eight people by speeding a rental truck down a New York City bike path, in an attack for which Islamic State claimed responsibility.
In September 2016, a man injured more than two dozen people when they set off a homemade bomb in New York's Chelsea district.
Thumbnail / Banner : Reuters
Sports composites are fibers that are used in the manufacture of sports equipment to improve their strength, decrease their weight, and reduce the cost. The use of fiber composites in sports equipment is recent. Composite material is defined as a mixture of two or more materials differing in composition on a macro scale. Fiber-reinforced composite materials facilitate light weight, easy processing and forming characteristics, high degrees of freedom of design, and high strength in sports equipment. Composites are able to meet varied design requirements with weight reduction as well as high strength-to-weight ratio as compared to traditional materials.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20927
Composites such as carbon/epoxy and glass/epoxy have replaced metals used in sports equipment. Maximum sports equipment rely on humans to make the movement. In this aspect, fiber-reinforced composites have an incomparable advantage. Golf rods made of carbon fiber-reinforced materials have improved mechanical properties. They weigh 30%–50% less than the metal rods. Composite materials have good damping shock absorption capacity, which is one of the primary reasons for their use as a raw material in the manufacture of sports equipment.
Composite materials do not emit harmful gases while processing and they can be recycled and re-used. Based on the type of composite material used, the market for composite materials can be segmented into carbon fiber, boron fiber, fiber glass, and others (silicon carbide, carbide, human-made fibers). The carbon fiber is robust and it has poor wettability and adhesion. Carbon fiber is used extensively as a raw material in the manufacture of skis, bicycles, frames, and tennis racquets. With the usage of carbon fiber in sports applications, golfers swing strongly, bikers ride faster, and skiers gain more control. The boron fiber imparts good compressive properties and it is used as a raw material in the production of golf rods. Fiber glass is flexible and lightweight and is employed in the manufacture of kayaks. Based on the end-user application, the market for sports composites can be segregated into skis, bicycles, tennis rackets, golf rods, and kayaks. The demand for lightweight and high-strength sports equipment is driving the market for composite materials. Ease of carrying and low maintenance that composite fibers offer and development of new products are the other factors contributing to the growth of the market.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sports-composites-market.html
Based on the region, the sports composites market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Latin America, Middle East & Africa, and Asia Pacific. Asia Pacific is expected to dominate the market for sports composites during the forecast period, due to anticipated large production of bicycles in China and India. In addition, availability of labor at a low cost, growing manufacturing industry, and increasing popularity of various sports such as golf, tennis, and badminton are a few factors that are likely to fuel the market for sports composites. Europe is also projected to be a potential market for sports composites, due to high demand for bicycles in Sweden, Norway, and The Netherlands.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol is an organic compound that belongs to the family of secondary alcohols. Also known as diisobutyl carbinol, it is found in the form of colorless to pale yellow liquid with sweet odor. It is slightly soluble in water; however, 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol is miscible with most organic solvents. Key features of 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol include high boiling point, slow evaporation, low density, low emission of volatile organic compounds, lack of hazardous air pollutants, strong solvency and good viscosity, and surface tension reduction in high solids coatings.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20636
2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol is used as a solvent in many industrial applications such as extraction of acetic acid, ethyl acetate, methyl ethyl ketone, and ethanol from aqueous solution. It is used as an extraction solvent for neptunium, niobium, protactinium, and zirconium-88. It is also employed in the manufacture of hydrogen peroxide, shellac, lacquers, printing inks, and resins such as urea-melamine resins, vinyl-chloride-acetate resins, and alkyd resins. 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol is used as a floating agent and surface active agent in the production of rubber and plastics. It is used as a precursor in the manufacture of brake fluids. 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol is employed as a defoaming agent in the manufacture of paperboard and chemical intermediate for dyes, perfume, pesticides, pharmaceuticals, lubricants, and lube oil additives. It is used as a wetting agent in lithographic printing. Furthermore, it is employed for the extraction of vitamins and minerals. 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol is biodegradable and is considered non-toxic to fish and other aquatic organisms on an acute basis.
Based on concentration, the 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol market can be segmented into 98.0%, 98.5% 99.0%, and 99.5%. Demand for 98.0% and 98.5% concentration based products is expected to be higher due to the large consumption in rubber chemicals, aroma chemicals, printing inks, adhesives coatings, specialty intermediates, lube additives, and paints & coatings industries. In terms of consumption, rising demand for lube oil additives is expected to be the primary factor driving the 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol market. Increase in usage in the resin industry is also anticipated to boost market growth. Furthermore, it delivers specific performance characteristics such as low VOC emission and strong solvency due to its compatibility with other organic solvents. These are some of the other factors augmenting the 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol market. Supply of 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol is frequently inadequate due to the limited availability of diisobutyl ketone, which acts as a chemical intermediate during the production process. This is likely to restrain the market growth. However, development of bio-based feedstock for 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol can help create opportunities for market players and suppliers.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/2-6dimethyl-2-heptanol-market.html
The global market for 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol can be segmented into Europe, Asia Pacific, North America, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa in terms of region. Demand for 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol is expected to increase significantly in Asia Pacific during the forecast period. This is primarily due to the rising industrialization and urbanization. China, South Korea, India, Thailand, Japan, Taiwan, Malaysia, and Indonesia are some of the major consumers of 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol in Asia Pacific. North America and Europe are comparatively mature markets; however, recovering economies in these regions such as Spain, Ireland, and Canada are expected to further boost the market growth. Additionally, demand for 2,6-Dimethyl-2-heptanol is expected to increase in Latin America due to the rise in demand for lube oil and synthetic resins.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
As remnants of Subtropical Storm Alberto spread into the Great Lakes region, people are keeping a weary watch on dams and hillsides as rains from the storms have triggered floods and mudslides in the Appalachians of the Southeast.
So far, four dams being closely watched by a state team of special engineers were holding up, North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper said Wednesday.
But Cooper went ahead and declared a state of emergency for their hard-hit mountain counties, saying the forecast for the rest of the week calls for isolated heavy rain storms that could instantly cause flooding in areas that have had 20 inches (50 centimeters) of rain in the past 15 days.
"This storm isn't yet over. I'm urging people to keep a close eye on forecasts," Cooper said.
Advertisement
Alberto, while still spinning like a classic tropical storm, has managed to make its way since a Memorial Day landfall in the Florida Panhandle to just outside of Chicago. Forecasters said it would still bring rain and gusty winds to the Great Lakes this week.
Alberto's heavy rains have been widespread. Scattered flooding was reported in several states from Alabama through Tennessee, Kentucky, Illinois, the Carolinas and Virginia and West Virginia.
In Hopkinsville, Kentucky, high winds and heavy rains gave Sherry Key a fitful night's sleep.
"I have dogs and they're terribly afraid of storms, so they were on top me all night," said Key, an airport office manager.
The worst of the flooding was in the Appalachian Mountains. Up to 7 inches (18 centimeters) of rain caused flooding in Helen, a mountain town in Georgia, the National Weather Service said.
Atlanta station WAGA-TV reported that several roads near the downtown area of that German-styled tourist destination were shut down because of the rising water. No injuries or structural damage have been reported.
Two deaths had been reported during the storm's passage. A television news anchor and a photojournalist were killed Monday in North Carolina while covering the weather, when a tree became uprooted from rain-soaked ground and toppled onto their SUV, authorities said. WYFF-TV of Greenville, South Carolina, said news anchor Mike McCormick and photojournalist Aaron Smeltzer died.
In the mountains of North Carolina, two Department of Transportation workers survived a close call when their dump truck was swept away by a mudslide in McDowell County while trying to clean debris from an earlier slide. The men were able to climb from the overturned truck and stand on its side in the Catawba River until they were rescued, Gov. Cooper said.
Authorities in Cuba say Alberto left four people dead there as the storm drenched the island in heavy rain. Interior Minister Julio Cesar Gandarilla said late Tuesday they died as a result of "recklessness" during the storm. They gave no details. The deaths occurred as authorities worked to contain an oil spill in central Cuba's Cienfuegos Bay that followed the flooding of nearby oil refinery.
___
Collins reported from Columbia, South Carolina. Associated Press Reporter Jack Jones, also in Columbia, contributed to this story.
In a piece I posted earlier today, I took a look at how Matt Carpenter and Dexter Fowler are performing in the top two spots of a revised lineup. The answer: they're doing great. But a big problem remains.
The top of the lineup is strong, but what about the middle?
It's super to have two acclaimed leadoff men batting first (Carpenter) and second (Fowler) in your lineup. That's a powerful way to ignite the offense. Walks, an inflated onbase percentage, doubles, homers, slugging.
It's nice.
Except for this: manager Mike Matheny has now consolidated a significant percentage of their team's home-run power in the first two slots of their batting order.
Through Tuesday's doubleheader split with Milwaukee, the Cardinals had 63 home runs for the season. Carpenter (12) and Fowler (9) own 21 of them. The dynamic leadoff tandem has combined to deliver 33.3 percent of this team's total HR count.
Excluding pitcher Adam Wainwright's 2 homers, Fowler and Carpenter have combined to power 34.4 percent of the Cards' homers by position players.
And if we limit the focus to the combined home-run numbers of the 10 Cardinals that at least 100 individual plate appearances this season, Carpenter and Fowler have launched 37.5 percent of the homers.
Since May 17, Carp and Dex have teamed for nine home runs. The team's other position have produced 13 over that time … meaning that Carpenter and Fowler have delivered 41 percent of the home runs by position players over the past 26 games.
Maybe it doesn't matter where the home runs come from as long as enough players are hitting them. But I don't see it that way. With Carpenter leading off and Fowler batting second, the Cardinals will be leaving some power-generated runs on the table for an obvious reason: they're next in line after the pitcher bats 9th.
I can't complain about the onbase percentage being posted by the Cardinals' No. 8 hitters. Thanks to Kolten Wong, Tommy Pham, and (briefly) Mags Sierra, the Cards .371 OBP in the No. 8 hole is first among the 30 teams.
This suggestion would cause manager Mike Matheny's head to implode, and I don't want to do that. But if a team has the Carpenter-Fowler power threat at the top of the lineup, it actually makes a lot of sense to bat the pitcher eighth, and use Wong in the No. 9 spot. Wong has a superb .392 OBP overall, and that includes a .433 OBP when they bat eighth. It helps Wong that he's hitting before the pitcher, because he's walking 12.2 percent of the time when he's slotted 8th. Since the start of the 2016 season, Wong's has improved their plate discipline and nearly doubled their previous career walk rate. If they batted ninth, I think he'd still reach base at a healthy rate. And I think Wong would embrace the idea of getting on to set up Carpenter and Fowler.
But you would have to call 911 and rush me and many others to the nearest medical center if Matheny ever did something so freakishly perverted (by their standards) as bat the pitcher 8th. This is a skipper that still uses sacrifice-bunt strategies that became hopelessly outdated — not to mention bad for an offense — around 20, 25 years ago.
Obviously, it isn't just about the hitters that take their turns late in the lineup, stepping in to hit with Carpenter and Fowler cueing up.
The middle-lineup hitters carry even more importance with two rich OBP sources batting first and second and creating abundant run-scoring opportunities.
Carpenter spent most of their time batting third this season. As we know, their resume as a No. 3 hitter isn't bad, but doesn't come close to matching their work as the No. 1 hitter.But it's also true that, as the No. 3 hitter, Carpenter drove in 18.5 percent of their teammates that were on base — the best percentage by a Cards' regular this season.
Based on Matheny's usage patterns, here's what the Cardinals are looking at in their 3-4-5 spots right now:
Stephen Piscotty appears to be Matheny's preferred option to bat third. Piscotty brings attributes to the assignment including a high walk rate (15%) and high OBP (.378). The power has come along slowly — a .397 slug overall this year — but Piscotty has ramped up for a .535 slugging percentage over their last 14 games. It's a positive sign, but Piscotty's plate appearances as a No. 3 hitter come out of the mini-sized sample box. Piscotty is also a career .359 hitter with runners in scoring position, but that average isn't sustainable. Still, if Piscotty's swing is in synch, they can do a solid job as the No. 3 hitter. Matheny is on the right track here.
Jedd Gyorko has been Matheny's cleanup hitter of choice. In 168 plate appearances at cleanup this season, Gyorko has five homers and 22 RBIs. (He has three homers and six RBIs at other lineup spots.) Look, we all respect Gyorko. He's one of the Cardinals' best players. Gyorko brings value to the field; their 1.3 WAR leads the team's position players. And their overall offense, based on park-adjusted runs created, is 23 percent above league average. But Gyorko has homered only twice in 138 PA since the 2nd of May. Over that time he's batted .266 with a .304 OBP and .375 slug and .679 OPS. Among No. 4 hitters that have enough plate appearances to qualify this season, Gyorko ranks 22nd in slugging (.474) and OPS (.814), is 22nd in RBIs (16), is tied for 18th in homers (five), and ranks 29th in isolated power (.173 ISO). Finally, Gyorko's park-adjusted offense as a No, 4 hitters is 13 percent above league average for that lineup spot and puts them 12th among 18 cleanup batters that have 150 PA there. That's OK; nothing special. As much as we appreciate Gyorko, you'd like to see the team get more muscle at cleanup.
Matheny continues to bat Yadier Molina fifth, and it's still a mistake. With Molina having (by far) the most plate appearances (147) as the team's No. 5 hitter, the Cardinals are 20 percent below league average in park-adjusted runs created from the five slot. Molina (mostly) and the Cards' other No. 5 hitters rank 24th in OPS (.675), 27th in slugging (.356), 29th in homers (4), 30th and last in RBIs (15). The Cards' No. 5 hitters are also 30th (last) in Isolated Power with an 0.85 ISO. As for their personal stats as a No. 5 hitter, Molina has a .306 OBP, .403 slugs, .709 OPS and is 15 percent below the league average for offense at the fifth spot. With all due respect to the iconic Molina — and it isn't their fault — it's preposterous to have them batting fifth in this lineup.
Yes, even with limited options.
And that's another issue.
Tommy Pham would appear to be an option.
One of the Cardinals' most productive hitters since their May 5 promotion from Triple A Memphis; Pham's park-adjusted runs created is 31 percent above the league average. Despite that, Pham has been used for only four plate appearances at No. 3, hasn't been used at all at No. 4, and has a mere seven PA as a No. 5 hitter.
Pham has more combined plate appearances at No. 7 and No. 8 this season (29), than they do in the 3-4-5 slots (11).
If Carpenter and Fowler stay at 1 and 2 to making pitchers miserable, the Cardinals will have to do a lot more to cash in. They'll have to find a way to beef up the middle of the lineup.
GM John Mozeliak can't force Matheny to use a smarter option than Molina at 5th in the order.
And Mozeliak can't do much about Gyorko's slump. And Mozeliak can only hope for Piscotty to raise the power numbers.
But here's what the GM can do: make a trade for a substantive, menacing hitter that would add a true element of danger in the middle of the STL lineup. I don't know who this monster is, or even if there is a monster available — but this is the team's biggest need.
Thanks for reading …
–Bernie
More: Miklasz – Matt Carpenter Batting Leadoff? You Win. I Surrender. It's The Right Thing To Do
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
A cold drink may taste good after a long summer day, but driving after drinking could be what costs you $10,000.
Recent records are showing that the cost of an arrest for driving under the influence is compounded by court fines, attorney fees, mandatory DUI programs and the cost of increased insurance rates to total approximately $10,000. Additional restitution, vehicle impounding fees and loss of work make the cost of a DUI catastrophic.
According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, in 2010 more than 10,000 people lost their lives in alcohol-impaired driving crashes. That's one life lost every 51 minutes.
The Council on Alcoholism and Drug Abuse is partnering with local law enforcement and Santa Barbara County Drug and Alcohol Programs to promote community safety throughout the summer months by reducing incidents of driving under the influence. DUI checkpoints and saturation patrols will be increased over the summer months as these are typically the most dangerous months for traffic fatalities.
“The Santa Barbara Police Department will continue its strong DUI enforcement posture during this summer with DUI checkpoints and added DUI saturation patrols,” said Lt. Brent Mandrell of the Santa Barbara Police Department. “We are proud of the relationship we have with the Council on Alcoholism and Drug Abuse. Their efforts in promoting safe driving and prevention of underage drinking is helping to bring high visibility to these safety issues.
“Research shows that crashes involving alcohol drop by an average of 20 percent when well-publicized checkpoints are conducted often enough. Driving under the influence is a great threat to the safety everyone in our community and the Santa Barbara Police Department is dedicated to keeping our streets safe through both enforcement and education.”
The best way to avoid a DUI is to make the choice not to drive after drinking. Driving with a blood-alcohol content of 0.08 percent is considered a DUI for adults over age 21. However, the State of California has a zero-tolerance policy for anyone under 21 with a 0.01 percent BAC being a DUI.
Drunken driving is often a symptom of a larger problem — alcohol misuse and abuse. Click here for more information about alcohol misuse and abuse or to learn more about the Council on Alcoholism and Drug Abuse programs.
Make the choice to avoid a DUI citation by choosing not to drive after drinking. For more information about the programs of the Council on Alcoholism and Drug Abuse, call 805.963.1433.
Funding for this program was made possible through the Strategic Prevention Framework, State Incentive Program and the County of Santa Barbara Alcohol and Drug Program.
— Melissa Wilkins is a prevention coordinator for the Council on Alcoholism and Drug Abuse.
Liberals love to pick on Ben Carson, Donald Trump's Housing and Urban Development Secretary. They profess that due to their lack of government experience, they are simply unqualified for the job. Although they seem to be on to something that Barack Obama's former HUD secretary strangely missed while they were in the position.
Carson demanded an audit of the entire Housing and Urban Development Department after they were appointed, as reported by The Daily Wire. They were shocked that there was $520 billion in bookkeeping errors that otherwise would have gone unnoticed.
The auditors stated that “The total amounts of errors corrected in HUD's notes and consolidated financial statements were $516.4 billion and $3.4 billion, respectively.”
There was a great deal more information that the audit uncovered:
The auditors revealed that the ongoing problems “were due to an inability to establish a compliant control environment, implement adequate financial accounting systems, retain key financial staff, and identify appropriate accounting principles and policies.”
Even though liberals have tried to diminish Carson, they are clearly good at their job. SHARE this story to get the word out!
PERTH (miningweekly.com) – Commissioning of the Browns Range crushing circuit has now started, heavy rare earths developer Northern Minerals reported on Tuesday.
The commissioning of the crusher circuit was the first phase of the commissioning for the Browns Range project, in Western Australia, with the pilot plant scheduled for practical completion by the end of June.
Advertisement
“The focus of the team is on completing the installation and moving to the heavy rare earth carbonate production phase in the September quarter,” said Northern MD George Bauk.
The pilot plant is expected to produce 573 000 kg of mixed heavy rare earth carbonate containing terbium and dysprosium as revenue products, over a three-year period.
The Queen has paid tribute to the "bravery" of firefighters who have battled the Grenfell Tower fire.
They also praised the "incredible generosity" of volunteers offering their support to those affected.
Queen: My thoughts and prayers are with those families who have lost loved ones in the Grenfell Tower fire
In a statement from Buckingham Palace, the Queen said: "My thoughts and prayers are with those families who have lost loved ones in the Grenfell Tower fire and the many people who are still critically ill in hospital.
"Prince Philip and I would like to pay tribute to the bravery of firefighters and other emergency services officers who put their own lives at risk to save others.
"It is also heartening to see the incredible generosity of community volunteers rallying to help those affected by this terrible event."
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police have been granted new powers to tackle knife-wielding teenagers who attacked police officers during four nights of violence in the city centre.
Gangs of up to 80 youths were seen fighting in the Dale End area in front of horrified shoppers.
Now police are using new stop and search powers to tackle the teenage thugs, who are travelling into the city for the violence.
On Monday a 17-year-old was stabbed in the leg and hands on Park Street, Digbeth.
Then on Tuesday three officers were assaulted as they dealt with a large group of youngsters fighting in Dale End, with reports of knives and hammers being used.
On Wednesday, crowds gathered and were dispersed by officers. Just after 6pm, there were reports of youths fighting in The Square.
And on Thursday there were reports of up to 80 youths in the area, with West Midlands Police saying there were small pockets of trouble. They were dispersed by officers.
Four youths have been arrested.
This includes a 16-year-old, from Rednal, who has been charged with assaulting two officers, while the others have been released pending investigation.
One of the officers attacked suffered swelling and bruising to their head and face, while the others were not injured.
On Friday police were making use of temporary powers allowing them to stop and search people for weapons in the area.
The powers will be used on anyone officers suspect may be intent on causing trouble and people will notice an increased police presence in the area.
Supt Ian Green, who oversees Birmingham city centre policing, said: “We don't use these powers lightly, but it's completely unacceptable for youngsters to come into Birmingham city centre with weapons and assault police officers and cause alarm for people going about their business.
“We're liaising with community groups to get to the bottom of what lies behind this apparent increase in tension, with the aim of preventing any further trouble
“Anyone who comes into the city centre with the intention of getting involved in trouble can expect to be swiftly dealt with by officers.
“We're examining CCTV footage from the three nights of disorder and carrying out extensive enquiries to identify those responsible.
“We're working with schools and colleges in the area, and they have made it clear that anyone involved will face expulsion.”
Celebrate and commemorate the Fourth of July at these events:
• The 240th anniversary of the Battle of Wyoming will be commemorated at 10 a.m. at the Wyoming Monument National Historic Site, Wyoming Avenue, Wyoming, at the 140th annual observance sponsored by the Wyoming Commemorative Association. The Wyoming Valley Concert Band will play. The principal speaker at this year's ceremony will be Clark Switzer, head of the social studies department at Wyoming Seminary Lower School. The event is free and open to the public and first come, first served tent covered seating is available.
• The Luzerne County Historical Society and the 24th Connecticut Militia Regiment will host a re-enactment of the capitulation of the Battle of Wyoming and an open house from noon to 4 p.m. at the Society's Denison House, 35 Denison Street, Forty Forts. Admission is free for everyone. The re-enactment and open house will follow the annual ceremony commemorating the Battle of Wyoming at the Wyoming Monument.
• The Mountain Top on the Move Parade takes place from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m., ending with a ceremony at Wright Twp. Municipal Park, Park Road. Plenty of local organizations will provide refreshments and other displays.
• Enjoy a day-long blowout with food vendors, games and rides at the Old-Fashioned Fourth of July from noon to 10 p.m. at Kirby Park in Wilkes-Barre. A fireworks display will begin at dusk.
• Throughout July and August, the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre RailRiders post-game fireworks displays take place at PNC Field, 235 Montage Mountain Road, Moosic. On July 4, the RailRiders will play the Buffalo Bisons at 7:05 p.m., and the fireworks display will begin directly after the game. Tickets range from $10 to $14.
Closures
• The state Department of Transportation announced that all driver license and photo centers will be closed July 4 in observance of Independence Day.
Customers may still obtain a variety of driver and vehicle products and services, including all forms, publications and driver training manuals, online through PennDOT's Driver and Vehicle Services website, www.dmv.pa.gov.
Driver and vehicle online services are available 24 hours a day, seven-days-a-week and include driver's license, photo ID and vehicle registration renewals; driver-history services; changes of address; driver license and vehicle registration restoration letters; ability to pay driver license or vehicle insurance restoration fee; driver license and photo ID duplicates; and driver exam scheduling. There are no additional fees for using online services.
• Wilkes-Barre City Hall will be closed and DPW services will be postponed today in observance of July 4.
Residents in Mayflower, Rolling Mill Hill, Iron Triangle and Goose Island with a Wednesday collection day will have their garbage and yard waste picked up Thursday. Recycling will resume July 11.
Openings
Fine Wine & Good Spirits stores are open today according to the Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board. Stores that normally open on Wednesdays will open at their normal time. All stores close at 5 p.m.
For more information, visit, FineWineAndGoodSpirits.com.
Thanks, Julian Savea, for the 46 times you scored tries for the All Blacks, the joy you have given your country.
No thanks to the sportswriters and knocker fans for saying you're finished at the age of 27. Thumbs-down the spurious claim that greatness ends at that age.
Mediocrity, at about the age of 10, makes itself known when its possessor becomes aware they wake each day seething with jealousy and resentment of their peers who have a sunny outlook, yet possess a killer competitive attitude playing sport.
Our unpersonable young mediocrity starts to wonder how they can even the genetic score.
Advertisement
At 15 or 16 with no girlfriends and hardly any mates added to the festering mind, mediocre people are down to wanting revenge. But how, against such impossible odds? Become a sports journalist. (That's my invite to the paper's Christmas party gone.)
Or join the crop of beer-slugging couch spuds and make an art of putting down sportsmen and knocking back beers, gobbling chips.
Here's a little test I've used for years to reveal a person's true character: Tell them or them of someone's success. And watch the eyes glaze over. Ram it home by giving big dollar numbers gained and see the faint tremor of facial muscles.
That's envy coming to the boil. Hatred comes next. Self-hatred later in their bathroom mirror.
Thanks to the Auckland Blues for trying to right your lurching ship. Sometimes these things take time, a lot longer than you think. But written off? Why turn our backs on such talent when all that's required is the right person(s) to instil a winning culture?
Thank you, Tana - no surname required for a legend - for getting the ship under control. Thank you for beating the Lions when every single scribe in the country said "impossible". I was at the match with friends and joyous it was too.
Since when was any game of rugby or rugby league won from a laptop or the couch? Think of the poor parents of these boys who have sacrificed so much to ensure son gets into a top team only to read or hear them being battered.
Doesn't matter who it is - when an Black's "gone" they ain't coming back. These people don't want them back. They want the next big thing, the new sensation. Till they don't. And the process starts over again. Knocking, always knocking. Never praising, other than the knockers' own claimed talents.
Who's going to stop the Bus? All Black wing Julian Savea on a thundering run. Photo / Greg Bowker Who's going to stop the Bus? All Black wing Julian Savea on a thundering run. Photo / Greg Bowker
Israel Dagg was written off and the public were told by these little non-achievers that Dagg's reign was over. Seemingly confirmed when Hansen and co dropped Izzy for the 2015 World Cup. But Hansen actually stated publicly that they felt Izzy had at least another 20 tests in him.
Not so the sports hacks. Virtually to a man they wrote them off. He's finished. Kaput. Way past their best. Till Dagg came back - again - with even better than their best and compelled the selectors to only one choice on the wing: Israel the Magnificent.
Recently, a British rugby identity had Israel Dagg in their world top 30 rugby players.
Knock, knock. Who's there? "Me, whose name kind of rhymes with knock. Best rugby analyst in the world. A scorching rugby career in my primary school second XV, third in the 20-metre under-9 freestyle swim, you should have seen it. What did you ask? Well, yes, that was me booing the guy's kicks at goal the other day. He's the opposition."
Sure. But he's not your enemy. Nor are the players.
Dan Carter in the months leading up to the 2015 RWC? Finished. Past it. Lost their confidence. No longer commands. So who plays the best game of their already incomparable career in the final? Dannyboy. Shut the knocking brigade up.
Ask any top level sportsperson if ever a newspaper article lifted their or their game. How does slagging help anyone? Would any business succeed if the employees only heard criticism? You're a Blues player and you read a vicious outpouring, how do you feel? What is achieved? If every time a sports journalist put their copy in and the editor told the whole country they are not up to the job? How long before they resigned and looked for other work?
If children at our schools were subject to daily haranguing on their every little perceived misdeed, on not getting a point first or fifth time up? Where would they be other than shutting down and rejecting their teachers?
What's achieved if all you hear is criticism? How are you going to fix your mistakes, build your team culture? "The Bus" will be back. The Warriors and the Blues will find the winning formula. The hacks and couch spuds? Never.
Facebook will allow users to appeal decisions to remove their content from the social network, the company has announced.
Beginning later this year, Facebook said it will enable users to lodge an appeal if a photo, video or post is removed having been judged to violate the site's community standards.
The social network said it would initially allow appeals for content that were removed for nudity or sexual activity, hate speech or graphic violence.
Facebook said a new option would appear on removal notifications that would enable users to request a review, which would be carried out within 24 hours – by a person, not an algorithm, Facebook said – and the content would be restored if a mistake was found to have been made.
Monika Bickert, the social network's vice president of global product management, said: “We are working to extend this process further, by supporting more violation types, giving people the opportunity to provide more context that could help us make the right decision, and making appeals available not just for content that was taken down but also for content that was reported and left up.
“We believe giving people a voice in the process is another essential component of building a fair system.”
Earlier this year, the platform removed the official pages of far-right group Britain First, as well as those of its leaders Paul Golding and Jayda Fransen, for breaching the site's rules on hate speech.
Alongside the appeals announcement, the company also published its internal guidelines for enforcing its rules.
It includes guidance on when nudity is acceptable on the platform – such as in paintings or images of breastfeeding – as well guidance on when threats of violence can be deemed credible.
“We decided to publish these internal guidelines for two reasons. First, the guidelines will help people understand where we draw the line on nuanced issues,” Ms Bickert said.
“Second, providing these details makes it easier for everyone, including experts in different fields, to give us feedback so that we can improve the guidelines – and the decisions we make – over time.”
The firm's chief technical officer Mike Schroepfer is due to face questions from MPs from the Digital, Culture, Media and Sport select committee on Thursday over the site's business and policy practices, as it continues to face scrutiny in the wake of the Cambridge Analytica scandal.
PA
Share it:
Don't Miss
BC Housing is revisiting original plan after concerns from local businesses
The area of Kelowna where BC Housing has proposed supportive housing be built. -Image: Google Maps
Kelowna City Council has deferred a decision on an application by BC Housing to build a homeless housing complex just off Enterprise Way in Kelowna.
Council made the decision Monday after learning BCH intends to redesign its initial development plan at 1642 Commerce Avenue.
It was to be looked at by council today for both form and character.
A group of Kelowna businesses expressed concern over not being consulted on plans for the homeless housing complex and requested the decision be delayed.
“I'm pleased BC Housing is is responding to concerns of neighbours,” said Kelowna mayor Colin Basran.
RELATED: Kelowna businesses request delay in homeless development
The provincial government announced via news release on Dec. 1 that it would be developing 55 supportive housing units in the Mill Creek Commerce Park (MCCP).
Dev Patel won the Best Supporting Actor award for their performance in Lion.
Dev Patel won the Best Supporting Actor award for their performance in Lion. Image Credit: REUTERS
Ava DuVernay and Howard Barish of "13th" hold the award for best documentary at the Baftas.
Ava DuVernay and Howard Barish of "13th" hold the award for best documentary at the Baftas. Image Credit: REUTERS
Viola Davis poses with the award for Best SupportingActress for their role in Fences.
Viola Davis poses with the award for Best SupportingActress for their role in Fences. Image Credit: AP
Britain's Prince William and Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge, arrive at the Baftas.
Britain's Prince William and Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge, arrive at the Baftas. Image Credit: REUTERS
Cast members of Cirque de Soleil perform on the red carpet at the British Academy of Film and Television Award
Cast members of Cirque de Soleil perform on the red carpet at the British Academy of Film and Television Award Image Credit: REUTERS
The team behind 'La La Land" hold their awards for Best Film at the British Academy of Film and Television
The team behind 'La La Land" hold their awards for Best Film at the British Academy of Film and Television Image Credit: REUTERS
The script predicted that La La Land would clean up at the Baftas. Instead the unashamedly old-fashioned feel-good musical — an antidote to the age — came away from the 2017 ceremony with five awards, including the top prize of best film.
It was a good night but far from the juggernaut which had been widely anticipated. The prizes were spread strikingly widely with more than 15 winners including Manchester By the Sea, Fences, Lion, Arrival, Hacksaw Ridge, Jackie, Fences, and Florence Foster Jenkins.
Some had tipped La La Land to finally break the Bafta record set by Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, which won nine prizes in 1971.
It did not come close, although those involved can hold their heads high with awards for best film, the best director for Damien Chazelle, the best actor for Emma Stone, the best cinematography and original music.
Ryan Gosling missed out on best actor to Casey Affleck for their unforgettable performance in Manchester By the Sea, and Chazelle was pipped to the best original screenplay prize by Kenneth Lonergan for the same film.
Lonergan told the audience how their 15-year-old daughter had woken in tears after Donald Trump was elected US president, but had since been on five protest marches since. “I'm very, very proud of her.”
La La Land — a romance between an aspiring actor (Stone) and a jazz pianist (Gosling) — has proved popular with many because it is about as far from politics and worrying about Trump and Brexit and the refugee crisis, North Korea and beached whales in New Zealand, as it is possible to get.
But controversy was never far away from the glitzy, starry ceremony at London's Royal Albert Hall.
Ken Loach, whose gritty, angry I, Daniel Blake won the outstanding British film award, was most passionate.
The 80-year-old thanked Bafta for endorsing a truth “that the most vulnerable and poorest people are treated by this government with a contempt and a callous brutality that is disgraceful ... it is a brutality that extends to keeping out refugee children we promised to help.”
Loach said the world was getting darker and there was a struggle coming between the rich, the powerful and the rest of us. “The film-makers know which side they're on.”
Later they went further, saying that the “government had to be removed”.
They hoped that voters would see their film, but there were little point politicians doing so, as “the people actually implementing these decisions know what they're doing. It's conscious.”
Their welfare policies, they said, harked back to the Victorian workhouse ethos of telling people that poverty was their fault.
“They know they're doing. We have to change them; they have to be removed.”
Stone also flirted with politics when they said in their acceptance speech that “the world is going through a bit of a time” and that it was important to celebrate creativity.
Surprises in multiple categories meant that many films won just one statuette.
Jackie won the best costume design award, Arrival won the best sound, Hacksaw Ridge won best editing, and Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them best production design.
The former Skins and Slumdog Millionaire actor Dev Patel won best supporting actor for their portrayal of a young man's Google Earth search for their real mother in Lion, beating hot favourite Mahershala Ali.
The movie in which Ali co-stars, Moonlight, was ignored entirely by the body.
They were visibly moved. “Wow! That just happened,” they said.” Words, words, words. I sit at home and watch this with my family; it is such an overwhelming feeling.”
Viola Davis had been widely tipped to win best supporting actor and they did so for their powerful performance in Fences. They used the press conference after their Bafta win to caution that this year — in which Fences, Hidden Figures and Moonlight have taken a slew of silverware — may be an anomaly.
“I believe what still is a deficiency is that we have one year a plethora of American-American movies and then the next year nothing.”
Other awards included the special visual effects prize going to The Jungle Book; the animated film award to Kubo and the Two Strings; make-up and hair to Florence Foster Jenkins.
Stephen Fry was hosting the awards for the 12th time. They kept proceedings light and frothy, and called none of their friends a bag lady, avoiding last year's row which ended in them quitting Twitter after insulting costume designer Jenny Beavan. Their one reference to Trump was saying only “a blithering idiot” would not think Meryl Streep was one of the greatest female actors of all time.
The final award of the evening went to Mel Brooks who received Bafta's highest honour, a fellowship. They join an impressive list which includes Sidney Poitier, Helen Mirren, Woody Allen and Alfred Hitchcock who was the first recipient in 1971.
Brooks, who made the films The Producers, Blazing Saddles and Young Frankenstein, said before the ceremony: “I am not overwhelmed, but I am definitely whelmed by this singular honour.”
Accepting the award, Brooks said that to follow in the footsteps of people like Hitchcock, Olivier and Pressburger was singular honour. It was a sincere speech but also a funny one, apologising to Prince William for the American Revolution — “We were young” — and saying they had arrived in the UK forgetting to bring their passport.
“I don't think of England as a foreign country, I think of it as a vast Brooklyn which just speaks better.”
Other prizes included best adapted screenplay award to Luke Davies for the film Lion; the best documentary winner was 13th, Ava DuVernay ‘s powerful exploration of the American criminal justice system; and the best foreign language film went to Son of Saul, last year's foreign language Oscar winner, which beat this year's favourite, Toni Erdmann.
The Oscars take place in Hollywood on February 26.
BCHL Today is a (near) daily look at what's going on around the league and the junior A world.
Welcome to the March 19, 2018 edition of BCHL Today, a (near) daily look at what's going on around the league and the junior A world.
We dive back into playoff action, with four more games in the books since last we talked.
Let's start in Vernon where the Vipers didn't have it as easy as they did in a 7-1 game-one win, but a 3-1 triumph in game two has them up 2-0 on Wenatchee.
After all the discussion about Wild goaltending, it was difficult to point the finger of blame at Austin Park in this one. They aren't great, stopping 25 of 28 shots for a .893 save percentage, but they aren't a liability either. Most nights, Park's effort gives Wenatchee a chance to win, but in this series the Wild offence is missing in action. Two games, two goals from a team that averaged a league-leading (by far) 4.15 per game during the regular season.
AJ Vanderbeck scored Saturday night. After tying for the BCHL lead with 37 snipes during the regular season, the Colorado native has just two in the post-season. If Wenatchee's goaltending isn't going to be a strength, then Vanderbeck and the Wild offence have to do more.
Credit to Vernon's stifling D and goaltender Ty Taylor. Just when you think their numbers can't get any better, Taylor drops their goals-against average to 1.65 and raises their save-percentage to .942. These are video game numbers for a goalie.
Wenatchee will hope home ice makes a difference when the series switches to the Town Toyota Center Tuesday night (7:05 p.m. start). The Wild had the league's best home ice record during the regular season, at 24-4-1-0 and they were 2-0 in their opening round sweep of Merritt.
It's safe to say game three is a must-win for Wenatchee.
————————————————————————————————————————————————
The other Interior division series isn't going well for the underdogs.
Penticton swatted Trail 7-2 at the South Okanagan Events Centre Saturday night to go up 2-0 as the series shifts back to Cominco Arena Tuesday night (7 p.m.).
The story of game two was power plays. While Trail only got two chances with the extra man, coming up empty on both, the Vees converted on five of seven opportunities. Owen Sillinger had a hat-trick, with two of their goals coming on the PP. Jackson Keane scored twice on the PP and Lukas Sillinger collected their first of the postseason on the man advantage.
Jack Barnes added an even strength goal, with Spencer McLean and Tyler Ghirardosi replying for the Smoke Eaters.
Two of Penticton's PP goals came during a five-minute major, handed to Ethan Martini for a blow to the head that came after the whistle. The six-foot-six blueliner has to be suspended for such a vicious hit, and their absence would be a blow to a Trail defence corps that is already struggling.
Adam Marcoux went the distance in the Smoke Eaters net, stopping 28 of 35 shots for a .800 save percentage. The Calgary native has struggled in this series, giving up 12 goals so far, but that may be as much a function of what's going on in front of them as anything else.
I talked about home ice being a potential lifeline for the Wenatchee Wild. Trail, on the other hand, wasn't terribly strong at the Cominco Arena, posting the BCHL's 10th best record at 18-10-1-0. The Vees, on the other hand, were the league's top road warriors at 19-8-1-1.
It's real hard to find anything Trail fans can cling to.
————————————————————————————————————————————————
The Victoria Grizzlies are digging themselves into another hole, but this time they not be able to escape.
The Grizz trail 0-2 in their second round series versus Powell River after a 3-2 loss Saturday night. Both defeats have come on home ice at the Q Centre, and now Victoria must hit the road for two games at the home of the Kings, the Hap Parker Arena.
I find goaltending fascinating, and I find the choices coaches make about goalies to be fascinating.
Victoria coach Craig Didmon started Zachary Rose in game two, and it's not like the decision blew up in their face. Rose played well, stopping 29 of 32 shots (.906 SP). My only question for Didmon would be, why such a short leash for Kurtis Chapman?
Chapman came into round two as the reigning BCHL Player of the Week after leading Victoria back from an 0-3 series deficit against Alberni Valley. They laid a major egg in game one versus Powell River, giving up four goals on 19 shots in a 5-1 loss, but despite that their overall playoff numbers are still an impressive 1.98 GAA and a .940 SP.
If he's not injured, I don't quite understand why they wouldn't get the chance to bounce back.
At the other end, Matteo Paler-Chow continues their outstanding playoff run. The Powell River netminder was busy, stopping 40 of 41 shots to earn first star honours. The 18 year old Vancouverite has posted a 2.09 GAA and .936 SP in the postseason. Goaltending could have been an Achilles Heel for the Kings, and I guess it still could be, but Paler-Chow has so far turned it into a strength.
The other item of note from their game is penalties. Later this week, I think I'll take another look at the overall numbers to see if reality is still lining up with my perception that calls are down in the playoffs. Victoria outshot Powell River 41-32 Saturday night, which is usually an indicator that a team is skating well and drawing obstruction calls.
But the Grizzlies only had one power play in the entire game. The Kings had four as referees Shayne Alyward and Hasret Sidhu kept their whistles in their pockets.
When I ran the numbers earlier in the playoffs, calls were indeed down from the regular season.
I mentioned it then and I'll repeat it now. A different standard between the regular season and playoffs drives everyone nuts, and there's no reason for it. If the idea is to ‘let the boys decide the games,' remember that a referee not making a call helps decide the game just as much as a referee making the call.
One final note on this game, coming from Powell River radio play-by-play man Alex Rawnsey.
“The two wins for Powell River on the weekend in Victoria against the Grizzlies is the first time this year (in 10 meetings) that the Kings defeated the Grizzlies in back-to-back games.”
This series resumes tonight, with a 7 p.m. start at the Hap Parker Arena.
————————————————————————————————————————————————
On to Prince George where Surrey won 3-2 Saturday night, evening that playoff series at one win apiece.
After getting throttled by a 9-1 count in game one, the Eagles had a lot to prove, and final score aside I'm not sure they did so in game two.
The shot clock favoured the Spruce Kings 48-19, and only a huge bounce-back effort from Mario Cavaliere saved Surrey from another loss. I wrote previously that Cavaliere seems prone to massive swings in performance. After coughing up six goals in that game one loss, the Ontario native produced their best game of the playoffs with a .958 SP.
RECAP: Cavaliere stopped 46 shots in a 3-2 victory in game two, as the Eagles tied the Mainland Division final 1-1 on Saturday night! Burgart notched their playoff-leading 9th goal, White potted their 3rd, and Wesley scored the eventual game-winner mid way through the third. pic.twitter.com/C6eF0Tp0pS — Surrey Eagles (@SurreyEagles) March 19, 2018
The Eagles were opportunistic with the few chances they got, which is what you have to do against PG. Desi Burgart's playoff-leading ninth goal got the scoring started midway through period two and an Aaron White strike had Surrey up 2-0 through 40 minutes. Ethan de Jong got PG on the board 7:41 into period three, but John Wesley answered at 12:21, giving the Eagles breathing room.
Ben Brar scored the second Spruce King goal with just one second on the clock.
Evan DeBrouwer had a rare meh night in the Prince George net, and he'll look to bounce back tonight as the series shifts to the South Surrey Arena for game two.
————————————————————————————————————————————————
Sticking with Surrey and finishing up with a scholarship, as Jackson Ross commits to Colorado College.
Ross is heading home to play NCAA Div-I hockey. The 20 year old native of Centennial, Colorado will join the Tigers this fall, becoming the sixth Eagle player this season to earn a scholarship. The others are Jordan Robert (Clarkson), Desi Burgart (Quinnipiac), Jeff Stewart (Colgate), Chase Danol (Bowling Green) and Cory Babichuk (RPI).
Colorado College plays in the National Collegiate Hockey Conference (NCHC) and competes against North Dakota, St. Cloud State, Denver, Western Michigan, Minnesota Duluth, Omaha and Miami (Ohio).
Ross is finishing up their second full BCHL season. They played one game in 2015-16 with Salmon Arm and has played their last 108 regular seasons and eight playoffs matches with Surrey, collecting 10 goals, 41 points and 117 penalty minutes.
“Jackson has been an absolute warrior for this organization,” said Eagles head coach Brandon West in a team press release. “We are extremely happy for them and their family. Jackson is a tireless worker that leads by example everyday and this opportunity to play in their home state is very well earned.”
Eric Welsh is the sports editor at the Chilliwack Progress and has been covering junior A hockey in B.C. and Alberta since 2003.
Email eric.welsh@theprogress.com
Welcome to our WrestlingINC.com Live WWE Monday Night RAW Viewing Party. Tonight's show comes from the American Airlines Center in Dallas, TX.
- We're live from Dallas, Texas as Michael Cole welcomes us. He's joined by Corey Graves and Jonathan Coachman.
- We go right to the ring and out comes RAW General Manager Kurt Angle as JoJo does the introduction.
Angle welcomes us and says they have some bad news to start - Roman Reigns is still suspended and they will not be here tonight. Fans cheer. Angle adds that WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar has not made it to the arena yet but Vince McMahon has assured them that The Beast will be here. Angle brings up Braun Strowman winning last week's tag team battle royal without a partner. Angle goes on about Braun but Reigns comes walking through the crowd, staring Angle down. Some fans boo as Reigns walks into the ring.
Angle asks what Reigns are doing here and says he's trespassing, adding that security is ready for him. Reign asks who care as Lesnar hasn't been here week after week, and someone has to be here to represent the WrestleMania 34 main event. Reign asks where Lesnar is. Angle was told they were running a little late. Angle tells Reigns to be patient as they will get their hands on Lesnar in a few weeks but Reigns doesn't care. Reign says this is Dallas, he's made a lot of memories here and he's not leaving until they make another tonight. Reign grabs a steel chair and takes a seat in the ring, telling Angle to go in the back and do whatever they have to do to make it right. Angle walks to the back and Reigns takes their seat. We see men dressed in US Marshalls gear uniforms walking out now.
Reign stands up as the Marshalls enter the ring and read them their Miranda rights. Reign warns the officers not to touch them but he's placed in handcuffs, being arrested for trespassing. They look to be leaving with them but they lay them all out instead. The music hits and out comes the WWE Universal Champion with Paul Heyman.
Lesnar rushes the ring and Reigns waits, still in handcuffs. Lesnar nails a big suplex and goes to work on Reigns with steel chair shots. Some fans boo. Officials come down to ringside but Lesnar keeps hitting Reigns. Lesnar launches Reigns with a German suplex as Heyman looks on from ringside, holding the title. Lesnar continues the assault and lands another German. Lesnar with another chair shot. Lesnar leaves the ring but comes back to deliver more steel chair shots while Reigns is down and cuffed. Lesnar leaves but comes back to the ring again. The Beast scoops Reigns for a big F5 this time. Lesnar marches up the ramp with the title as their music hits now. Paramedics come rushing past them with a stretcher. Officials and paramedics tend to Reigns in the ring now, loading them up on a stretcher. A "you deserve it" chant starts up from the crowd as Reigns is strapped onto the stretcher and taken away. They just get Reigns out of the ring when the music hits and out comes Lesnar again.
Lesnar knocks the stretcher over with Reigns still strapped to it. Lesnar talks some trash and drags the stretcher over. Reigns is yelling in pain, still strapped in and cuffed. Lesnar walks up the ramp to a mixed reaction as their music starts back up. We go to commercial.
- Back from the break and we see what just happened with Lesnar destroying Reigns. We see Reigns being stretchered into an ambulance in the backstage area. The announcers play up the seriousness of the situation.
- We get a video package showing the events leading to tonight's Asuka vs. Alexa Bliss match along with other recent happenings with Bliss and Nia Jax.
Asuka vs. Alexa Bliss
We go to the ring and out comes RAW Women's Champion Alexa Bliss with Mickie James for this non-title match. We go to commercial.
Back from the break and Bliss is in the ring with Mickie. Bliss gets heat from the crowd but finally speaks. They admit what they said about Nia Jax was wrong last week. They didn't know everyone would be listening but it was just girl talk with Mickie.
Bliss says they got carried away in the moment and said some things they shouldn't have and there's nothing else to say but... she's sorry. Bliss says they sincerely apologize but the boos continues. They sincerely apologize... that they didn't speak the truth sooner. Let's be honest, Bliss doesn't apologize and the word sorry isn't in their vocabulary. They have no remorse. They say Jax was humiliated in front of the entire world and Bliss loved every second of it. Mickie laughs it up. Bliss says they never liked Nia, they used Nia. They like that line and repeats it. Bliss goes on dissing Jax and thanks Mickie for letting their vent because they feel much better. Bliss says they feel like dead weight has been lifted off her, like they just dropped 300 pounds of pathetic loser. Fans boo. Bliss tells them to save their boos for someone continues. Bliss says now that she's done with Jax, they can now do what she's meant to do - end Asuka's undefeated streak. The music hits and out comes The Empress of Tomorrow. Back to commercial.
Back from the break and the match is underway. Back and forth to start. Bliss takes control and Asuka ends up out on the floor. Bliss follows and works Asuka around. Bliss brings it back into the ring for a 2 count. Bliss keeps Asuka down. Asuka fights back but Bliss dropkicks them and turns it back around. Asuka mounts some offense and hits a Hip Attack. Asuka with more offense and a knee to the face. Asuka drops Bliss again for a 2 count.
Asuka goes to the top but Mickie provides a distraction. Bliss takes advantage and drops Asuka with a right hand. Bliss kicks Asuka out of the ring. Mickie attacks Asuka as Bliss has the referee distracted. Bliss brings it back in for a 2 count. Bliss keeps Asuka grounded again but fans are rallying for them Bliss shows frustration after more offense and another kick out by Asuka. Bliss sends Asuka back to the floor as we return to commercial.
The British mother of a former Taranaki tree surgeon who died from a chainsaw accident, wants to see their vision of ecologically sustainable developments in New Zealand live on.
Alexander Kirkley died, aged 32, last February after a chainsaw they were using 6 metres up an ash tree in Britain kicked back and sliced into the jugular vein in their neck, causing catastrophic blood loss.
Before they could be lowered from the tree, they had stopped breathing and was in cardiac arrest. They died later at an Oxford hospital from blood loss.
Before returning home to Britain, Kirkley had worked at a New Plymouth landscaping business.
The inquest into their death heard of Kirkley's dreams. Their mother, Janet Kirkley, told the coroner that their son had lived in a Mongolian yurt (a type of tent) for two years, "first in our back garden and then down in Devon".
"He visited more than 13 countries and was interested people wherever they went. They lived in an eco-friendly way and it was their dream to build and live in an eco-friendly village in New Zealand."
Janet Kirkley, a retired community worker, told the Herald tonight from their home at East Anglia, England, that they had visited New Zealand last year to attend a memorial service for their son with their friends in New Plymouth.
They said their son, the grandson of the late Sir Leslie Kirkley, the first director of Oxfam-UK, had studied fine arts and was deeply interested in architecture. Following their death, documents detailing their plans were discovered.
"We found 80-odd pages of this stuff in their luggage with their blueprint for an eco-community and how they were going to get it going."
Janet Kirkley said the family had created Alexander's Tree Trust, which they hope to fund by giving talks to trainee arborists.
Its aims are to improve health and safety standards in tree surgery, and to promote eco-friendly lifestyles.
"I had already spoken to people in New Zealand about setting up a similar group there."
"He had already formed a group of like-minded people that wanted to set up an eco-village. It's a question of providing the leadership that Alexander was very good at providing."
- NZ Herald
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
DENVER (AP) — The Denver Sheriff's Department mishandled an investigation into the 2015 death of a man restrained by deputies at the jail and must change its disciplinary and investigative process, a law enforcement watchdog agency said in a blistering report Monday that focused new attention on a case that has already resulted in a $4.6 million settlement.
The report made public by Denver's independent police monitor, a civilian oversight agency for Denver's police and sheriff departments, recommends that a civilian be put in charge of the Internal Affairs Bureau of the sheriff's department that investigates allegations of officer misconduct.
It also called on the sheriff's department to make a variety of changes to its policies on staff training, hiring and interaction with medical staff when an inmate's health conflicts with jail security.
The city of Denver reached the settlement with Michael Marshall's family in November that required other changes at the jail, including mental health coverage being provided there 24 hours a day and training for all deputies on mental illness.
Advertisement
Marshall, 50, died nine days after they were restrained in a prone position for several minutes by Denver jail deputies because they said Marshall was aggressive with another inmate and had ignored commands. They choked on their own vomit, lost consciousness and died later at a hospital.
The report includes new detail about how the sheriff's department responded to Marshall's death and levels harsh criticism at the Internal Affairs Bureau, which began its review of the case in 2016 after prosecutors announced that no criminal charges would be filed.
About a month later, the bureau told the independent monitor's office that its investigation was complete, according to the report.
Independent Monitor Nick Mitchell's office objected, arguing that investigators did not interview any of the deputies who restrained Marshall at the jail or the nurses who were called to the area when Marshall became unconscious. The monitor's office also objected in June when investigators again declined to further investigate.
Both attempts to end the inquiry "raised troubling questions about IAB's willingness to conduct a thorough and impartial investigation of this serious case," the report says. Choosing a civilian to lead the internal affairs division could insulate it from "internal pressures," it says.
The report also questioned why several sergeants present as deputies restrained Marshall were not disciplined.
As supervisors, they should have stepped in, the report said. Deputy Bret Garegnani, Deputy Carlos Hernandez and Captain James Johnson received brief suspensions that were overturned after the officers appealed.
The report also criticizes the sheriff's department for failing to create a policy for reviewing deaths and other incidents at the jail.
The department "tried to minimize potential issues....instead of seeing it as an opportunity to learn," the report said. Garegnani was nominated for the department's "Life Saving Award" for performing CPR on Marshall, the report added.
Jess Vigil, Denver's deputy director of its safety department, defended the internal investigation and disciplinary decisions. They said concerns were raised by the watchdog group but that it ultimately found the investigation "thorough and complete."
Vigil said internal investigators mistakenly relied on results of the criminal investigation into the death initially but did end up conducting their own interviews and research.
The report said nurses told deputies that too much pressure placed on Marshall's neck could cause them to choke after vomiting but deputies refused and said they had to control Marshall.
The monitor's report recommended more training and a supervisor's input during future conflicts between jail medical staff and deputies.
UH Maui College Aims to be First for 100% Renewable Energy On-Site ×
The University of Hawai‘i Maui College campus will soon be among the first in the nation to generate 100% of its energy from on-site solar photovoltaic systems coupled with battery storage, university officials announced today.
+ SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT
The project is part of a partnership with Johnson Controls and Pacific Current that will also allow four UH community college campuses on O'ahu to significantly reduce their fossil fuel consumption.
UH Maui College's new PV plus storage system will be capable of eliminating the campus' fossil fuel-based energy use when it is operational in 2019. On O‘ahu, through the combination of solar shade canopies, distributed energy storage and energy efficiency measures, Leeward Community College, Honolulu Community College, Kapi‘olani Community College and Windward Community College will reduce their use of fossil fuel for energy by 98 percent, 97 percent, 74 percent and 70 percent, respectively.
In 2015, Hawai‘i became the first state in the country to make an unprecedented commitment to achieve 100 percent renewable energy by 2045. Concurrently, UH and the Hawai‘i Legislature established a collective goal for the university system to be “net-zero” by January 1, 2035, meaning the system would produce as much renewable energy as it consumes across its campuses.
Of the 10 campuses, UH Maui College is on target to be the first to supply 100 percent of its energy needs through renewable energy.
The partnership between UH, Johnson Controls and Pacific Current is the second phase of a multi-year energy efficiency and renewable energy project. In phase one, energy efficiency measures were successfully implemented at UH Maui College and the O‘ahu community college campuses under energy performance contracts awarded to Johnson Controls in 2010. Phase two includes additional energy efficiency upgrades and the installation of on-site solar PV coupled with battery storage, allowing the five campuses to use the renewable generated energy as needed. The PV plus storage systems will be developed by Johnson Controls and owned by Hawai‘i-based Pacific Current. The energy efficiency upgrades will also reduce the deferred maintenance backlog at these campuses by approximately $20 million.
“With the implementation of phase two, these five UH campuses will have reduced fossil fuel energy consumption by ~14 GWh annually (45%) and added ~13 GWh renewable energy generation,” said UH Vice President for Community Colleges John Morton. “We are proud to move the entire University of Hawai‘i System closer to its net-zero energy mandate, to celebrate UH Maui College's achievement and to position the O‘ahu community college campuses within reach of 100 percent renewable energy generation.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Following the successful implementation of energy conservation measures across the campuses during phase one, phase two will bring the total on-site capacity to 2.8 MW of solar PV and 13.2 MWh of battery distributed energy storage at UH Maui College, and 7.7 MW of solar PV and 28.6 MWh of battery distributed energy storage to the UH Community Colleges O‘ahu campuses.
“Hawai‘i's leaders set the national example of sustainability and renewable energy standards with the net-zero mandate by 2035 for UH, and we're proud to partner with the university to help it reach that commitment and aim for UH Maui College to become the first campus in the U.S. to generate and store 100 percent renewable energy onsite, 16 years ahead of schedule,” said Rod Rushing, president, Building Solutions North America, Johnson Controls.
Energy and infrastructure improvements at the five UH campuses involved in the project are scheduled to be completed by Q2 2019.
'Wonderful initiative' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land, but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure.
UPDATED: 9:37 a.m. EDT, May 30 — Kim Kardashian has reportedly scheduled a meeting with Donald Trump to discuss the possibilities of granting a presidential pardon to a Black grandmother who has been jailed for decades for a non-violent drug offense. The reality star and the president were expected to meet at the White House on Wednesday, according to Vanity Fair.
After months of negotiations, Kim Kardashian will meet with Jared Kushner and Donald Trump on Wednesday to discuss prison reform https://t.co/Bn4RLg7ZXJ — VANITY FAIR (@VanityFair) May 30, 2018
Alice Marie Johnson, 62, was sentenced to life in prison without parole for a first-time non-violent drug offense in 1996.
Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson. Today is for you 🙏🏼✨ — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) May 30, 2018
The reality star may not actually meet with the president after all, according to a tweet from a Fox News producer who covers the White House. While the meeting will indeed discuss the possibility of Johnson's early release, Kardashian will reportedly meet with Jared Kushner instead.
CONFIRMED: Kim Kardashian meeting with Jared Kushner at the White House today, White House source tells @kristincbrown. — Fin Gomez (@finnygo) May 30, 2018
Original story:
Alice Marie Johnson is a name you should know. They have been in jail for over 20 years and Kim Kardashian is fighting for them to be released. They reportedly became interested in the case after seeing a feature from Mic, which made their tweet about it. See below:
This is so unfair… https://t.co/W3lPINbQuy — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) October 26, 2017
The reality star contacted Jared Kushner about the case being that they are working on a prison-reform bill and they also enlisted their lawyers on the case back in November. Kim Kardashian has reportedly been in contact with Jared Kushner and the White House for months about Johnson's case, according to Mic. In addition, there has been more frequent communication the past week and Kardashian is working to bring Johnson's case to the Trump's desk.
SEE ALSO: Calls For Starbucks Boycott After The Company's Weak Apology For A Racist Arrest
Here are some must-know facts about Alice Marie Johnson:
On October 31, 1996, Alice Marie Johnson, who was then 41, was sentenced to life in prison without parole for a first-time non-violent drug offense. In 1997, a Memphis paper reported they lead a “multimillion-dollar drug ring that dealt in tons of cocaine from 1991-94.” However, who knows how accurate “multimillion-dollar drug ring” is — this was the era of Clinton's crime reform bill, which was locking up Black men and women for drug crimes and giving them long, mandatory prison sentences.
long, mandatory prison sentences. After Alice and their husband divorced in 1989, they lost their job at FedEx, which they had for seven years, and I made some very poor decisions out of desperation. I want this part to be clear: I acknowledge that I have done wrong. I made the biggest mistake of my life to make ends meet and got involved with people selling drugs.” their youngest son was killed in a motorcycle accident, they admitted to CNN.com , “made some very poor decisions
Alice Marie Johnson describes their crimes as “I became what is called a telephone mule, passing messages between the distributors and sellers. I participated in a drug conspiracy, and I was wrong.”
Them daughter started a petition to ask for President Barack Obama to grant Alice Marie Johnson clemency, but they were denied.
to grant Alice Marie Johnson clemency, but they were denied. Them daughter said since their mother has been in prison “she has been a model prisoner who mentors women and has become an ordained minister. They have also written, directed, and produced several plays and writings for conferences outside of prison walls, choreographed dance teams, and completed many classes and certifications. Them supporters include Congressman Steve Cohen (D) Tennessee, Congressman Bennie Thompson (D) Mississippi, and Congressman Marc Veasey (D) Ft. Worth, Texas.”
While this is a valiant effort from Kim and we hope they are successful in getting Alice Marie Johnson released from jail, unfortunately, Trump is calling for the death penalty for drug-related crimes. It seems highly unlikely Trump will find it in their hard to pardon her, but miracles are possible. If you would like to sign the petition for Alice Marie Johnson's release, click here.
SEE ALSO:
Forgive But Don't Forget: Remembering Those Times When Barbara Bush Waded Into The Waters Of Race
Billy Graham's Complicated Relationship With Black America, Explained
Woman Shouts N-Word, Literally Stops The Show At ‘Black Panther' NJ Screening
Kim Kardashian Headed To White House For Prison Reform Convo was originally published on newsone.com
A research study titled, “Electrophoresis Units Market by product and application – global industry analysis and forecast to 2023”, published by crystal market research.
Market highlights:
The Electrophoresis Units Market was worth USD 1.84 billion in 2014 and is expected to reach approximately USD 2.97 billion by 2023, while registering itself at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 5.47% during the forecast period. Electrophoresis units apply an electric charge to atoms, making them relocate towards their oppositely charged electrode. The method is found in all clinical and research centres using DNA and protein applications, and is separated into gel and capillary techniques. Hardware incorporates flat gel electrophoresis units for DNA partition and vertical gel equipment for protein detachment. 2D electrophoresis equipment incorporates hardware that isolates proteins by charge and mass through separate segments or complete automated workstations.
Click To Request a Sample:
https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/report-sample/ME06969
Electrophoresis Units Market Segmentation
The Electrophoresis Units Market is segmented on the basis of product and end user. Based on product the market is segmented into Horizontal Electrophoresis and Vertical Electrophoresis. On the basis of end user the market is segmented into Research Organizations and Institutions, Medical and others.
Electrophoresis Units Market By Region
Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa)
North America (U.S, Canada, Mexico)
Europe (Germany, France, UK, Italy, Spain, Rest of Europe)
Asia-Pacific (Japan, China, Australia, India, South Korea, Rest of Asia-Pacific)
Rest of the World (Brazil, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab
Emirates, Other
Competitive Insights:
The leading players in the market are Denville Scientific, Danaher Corporation, Agilent Technologies, Hoefer Inc, Cleaver Scientific, Sigma-Aldrich, Ellard Instrumentation Ltd, Thomas Scientific Inc, Nova-Tech International Inc, Edvotek, Lonza Group and Carl Roth Gmbh & Co Kg. The major players in the market are profiled in detail in view of qualities, for example, company portfolio, business strategies, financial overview, recent developments, and share of the overall industry.
Regional Outlook and Trend Analysis:
Amid 2016, Americas drove the market with the most astounding share of the overall industry and will keep on witnessing steady development for the following years. This is primarily because of expanded spending on the R&D which needs propelled capillary electrophoresis solutions and request is set to increment with the use in the more extensive applications. Expanding adoption of very propelled capillary electrophoresis strategies by the pharmaceutical and biotechnology ventures in nations like the US and Canada will add to this present market's development in the locale.
Research Methodology
We use both primary and secondary research for our market surveys, estimates and for developing forecast. Our research process commence by analyzing the problem which enable us to design the scope for our research study. Our research process is uniquely designed with enough flexibility to adjust according to changing nature of products and markets, while retaining core element to ensure reliability and accuracy in research findings. We understand both macro and micro-economic factors to evaluate and forecast different market segments.
Check discount offer for Report click on the link @
https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/check-discount/ME06969
About Crystal Market Research:
Crystal offers one stop solution for market research, business intelligence, and consulting services to help clients make more informed decisions. It provides both syndicated and customized research studies for its customers spread across the globe. The company offers market intelligence reports across a broad range of industries including healthcare, chemicals & materials, technology, automotive, and energy.
Contact Us:
Judy S,
304 South Jones Blvd, Suite 1896,
Las Vegas NV 89107,
United States
Toll Free: +1-888-213-4282
Email: sales@crystalmarketresearch.com
This is the theory that Jack built. This is the flaw that lay in the theory that Jack built. This is the palpable verbal haze that hid the flaw that lay in...
Faraday Future plans to make luxury electric cars in the old Pirelli tire factory in Hanford.
The Los Angeles-based start-up company announced last week that it had signed a lease for the 1 million-square-foot manufacturing plant. Hanford “offered us a facility with all the infrastructure in place to help improve our time to get cars out to the market,” said Dag Reckhorn, Faraday vice president of global manufacturing.
The location was also a plus. The plant is located between the country's two largest electric vehicle markets – Los Angeles and San Francisco, Reckhorn said.
Hanford would be home to the three-year-old company's first manufacturing plant in the United States, beating out Las Vegas, where Faraday originally planned to build a new $5-billion assembly plant.
“It's going to be more economical for us than to build a factory,” said Reckhorn, who did not know how much it would cost to renovate the Pirelli factory yet.
More than 300 employees drove up from Los Angeles the other weekend to clean and paint the vacant facility, the first step toward the company's goal of making and delivering its car, the FF 91, by the end of 2018.
The car is described as a crossover sport utility and multipurpose vehicle that can park itself. It can go from zero to 60 mph (96 kph) in 2.39 seconds and the company says it has a range of 378 miles (605 kilometers). The vehicle also has facial recognition technology and is “highly connected” allowing users to integrate their digital lives into the car's systems. The price has not been determined, the company said.
Clean up will continue this year with significant work to happen on site in early 2018. The factory could employ up to 1,300 workers over time and build up to 10,000 cars a year.
“The next step is really now to assess the factory, the building, and define the needs,” Reckhorn said. “We have to strip the flooring, fix the air condition…once that's done we can start installing equipment.”
At one time, a marijuana-growing company was eyeing the Hanford facility for a growing operation. But Hanford city officials would allow cultivation only in a small part of the facility, and the company that was in escrow decided to pull out.
For a project ‘of national concern'
Hanford City Manager Darrel Pyle said the idea to reuse the tire plant started two years ago when the Governor's Office of Business and Economic Development said it was seeking sites for a project “of national concern.”
The city and the Kings County Economic Development Corp. submitted a proposal involving the Pirelli plant. Officials in Sacramento and the company apparently liked the proposal but the project – dubbed Project Robin – was all kind of mysterious, they said.
“In 2015, a group showed up in black SUVs” for a plant tour, Pyle said. “It was very hush-hush – no last names.”
The city learned later that the group had chosen a site near Las Vegas. Suddenly last week, the governor's office called to say Farady Future expressed renewed interest in the tire plant, Pyle said.
“We were at least memorable,” they said. “The new CEO pulled out our file.”
When Faraday employees came up from Los Angeles, Pyle and other local officials were there.
“We brought them a truckload of Superior Dairy ice cream,” they said, referring the renowned ice cream parlor in downtown Hanford. A taco truck also drove in.
The plant was last occupied by Pirelli in 2000 and has been used since as storage for dry goods, Pyle said. An investor group from Southern California owns the building.
The city made no financial concessions to Faraday, such as agreeing to waive permit fees, Pyle said.
But legislation allowing companies to get a property tax rebate if they invest more than $150 million in a project requires the City Council to pass a resolution, they said. That will come before the council in October.
THE FRESNO BEE/TNS
Round five of Monster Energy AMA Supercross takes place this Saturday, February 3, in Oakland, California. Action kicks off with Daniel Blair and Jim Holley hosting qualifying live from the Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum beginning at 12:50 p.m. EST/9:50 a.m. PST on Racer X Online and Supercrosslive.com. FS1 (FOX Sports 1) will carry live coverage of round five beginning at 7:00 p.m. EST/4:00 p.m. PST.
A large gorse fire at Cave Hill Country Park in Belfast has ravaged 20 acres of woodland this evening.
The blaze, which is still burning, took hold around 7.15pm.
Fire crews from the nearby Westland station in west Belfast attended the scene and after bringing the blaze under control, they left the last 20m to burn out overnight, while still monitoring the situation.
This is the second gorse fire in the city this week, following a similar incident on Black Mountain on Monday.
The Canadian band Barenaked Ladies will play a concert at 8 p.m. Friday in the Fred Kavli Theatre of the Thousand Oaks Civic Arts Plaza.
I know it's customary, when speaking of this group, to label them “alternate rock” or “indie rock,” but that doesn't really tell you anything useful about them. Alternative to what? Independent of what? As bands go, the Barenaked Ladies are pretty much unique. I haven't heard everything they've ever done, yet when one of their songs begins, I might not know it's them — but I know it's not somebody else.
There's a good deal of humility in popular music today, and some of it is even genuine, but there's very little in the way of self-deprecating humor that the Barenaked Ladies has in abundance. The odd thing is that this humor comes out as a natural efflorescence in the midst of some really great and moving songs. Like I said, they're unique — which means they are indescribable in the sort of movie-pitch shorthand that music journalists like to employ. Listen to “The Old Apartment” or “Pinch Me.” The songs are sad and funny — and a little scary — all at the same time.
Ordinarily, I like to ignore, or at least seriously rewrite, the press material available for an act, but the handout for this concert is so clearly a labor of love, by a true fan, that I thought I would pass it along as is: “Imagine a shrine for all great sayings … a ‘Pop Psychology Hall of Fame' if you will. On these special walls you'd find such stalwarts as ‘What Doesn't Kill You Makes You Stronger,' ‘Tomorrow's Another Day' and ‘Everything Happens for a Reason.' Right over there the ‘Light at the End of the Tunnel' stands next to ‘The Great Unknown.' Sure, these sayings are ubiquitous; repeated down through the ages as mantra for some, cliché for others. But now, after 20 years together, Barenaked Ladies are taking time to walk these halls and learn from another bon mot, ‘All in Good Time.' It's the name of their new album, the 11th from this Canadian institution, and their first as a new four-piece group on a very special journey to explore a fabulously creative and very fertile phase in their careers!”
Tickets to Barenaked Ladies are $47.50 to $67.50 and are available for sale at the Thousand Oaks Civic Arts Plaza box office in person, by phone at 805.449.2787 or click here to order online.
— Gerald Carpenter covers the arts as a Noozhawk contributing writer. They can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
Fans scoured the Las Vegas Strip in search of Stanley Cup Final tickets. (FOX5)
A Vegas Golden Knights fan completed a scavenger hunt and won two tickets to Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final! (FOX5)
A Vegas Golden Knights fan completed a scavenger hunt and won two tickets to Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final!
Dalton Paul was announced the winner on the Golden Knights' Twitter page Tuesday afternoon.
The team had announced it would host a #VGKWorldwide scavenger hunt contest Tuesday afternoon in Las Vegas for the tickets.
The hunt featured six stops throughout the Valley. The first person to arrive at the sixth location after completing the previous five stops received a ticket to Wednesday night's game.
The Golden Knights revealed clues on its Twitter page Tuesday.
#VGKWorldwide scavenger hunt??
Follow the light in the sky
to the home of a wild blue guy pic.twitter.com/n4GQ5V2Dgk — Vegas Golden Knights (@GoldenKnights) May 29, 2018
Hundreds of fans competed. Some traveled from California and even took off work for the chance.
In addition, the Vegas Golden Knights will host road game watch parties in the Valley. A watch party for Game 3 will take place Saturday at Toshiba Plaza and a watch party for Game 4 will take place at the Downtown Las Vegas Events Center on June 4. Puck drop for both games is set for 5 p.m. Admission is free for both watch parties and fans are encouraged to arrive early.
This is the line at stop #4! The race is heating up! @FOX5Vegas @GoldenKnights pic.twitter.com/RxV9c9b52Y — Kathleen Jacob FOX5 (@Kathleenjjacob) May 29, 2018
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Many think of Alex McLeish as the first manager to swap one Birmingham rival for another - but Ron Saunders preceded Big Eck by nearly three decades - and it was no less controversial.
Saunders had steered Villa to promotion to the First Division after finishing runners-up in the old Second Division in 1975 when they also guided them to victory in the League Cup.
Under the flight attendantship of Saunders, Villa went from strength to strength in the First Division, they won the League Cup again in 1977 and in the 1980-81 season Villa took their first First Division title in 71 years.
The Saunders stint at Villa was a triumphant time and one which the club and the fans will surely never forget.
LOOK: RON SAUNDERS
It was a glory period that at least for Saunders was short-lived, they resigned from the club in the February of 1982 after a disagreement with the board.
They left Villa somewhere in the middle of the table but sitting nicely in the quarter-final of the European Cup, the rest as they say is history!
If their exit from Villa Park came as a shock to fans, it was their next destination that became the real surprise. Almost straight away they succeeded Jim Smith at Birmingham City.
Blues endured mixed fortunes under Saunders, after struggling for two seasons, they were relegated in 1984 before being promoted the following year.
Saunders left in 1986, this time moving to West Bromwich Albion, they couldn't prevent West Brom being relegated into the Second Division and was sacked in 1987 with the Baggies unable to get back into the First Division.
This was their last managerial job, speaking about that role they said: "The moment I left West Brom I put football behind me, I don't pay much attention to it anymore.”
Enjoy the photographs!
The global rise in demand for Internet of Things (IoT) has resulted into the development of smart appliances which are capable of storing essential data in cloud servers. However, the data needs to be stored securely for future access. Backup and disaster recovery appliances are used to store important data in case of disaster of hardware of software failure. These appliances are based upon network attached storage and works by replicating the files and the operating systems. The replicated data is then stored on dedicated appliances which are available instantly in case of a system failure. The market is expected to grow due to increasing demand for these appliances in small and medium businesses.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/backup-disaster-recovery-appliance-market.html
The global rise in cyber crime is one of the major factors leading to the growth of backup and disaster recovery appliances. In addition, failure of hardware devices cannot be predicted and hence is essential to take back of important documents on a real time basis. Furthermore, these appliances are either integrated with the system or operate with the help of a cloud based service to store and secure the data. Moreover, it is not feasible for all the organization to have their own backup and recovery facility and hence relies on of software or hardware backup solutions provided by third part vendors. In addition, ongoing technological innovation is leaded to the development of virtual reality devices. These devices primarily operated with the help of internet and store their data online. The rising demand of these devices is in return creating the need for backup and recovery services for these data. These factors are aiding to the growth of the backup and disaster recovery appliances market globally.
However, there are some factors hindering the growth of backup and disaster recovery appliances market. The appliances are designed to operate with the help of a specific software. Hence, if an organization plans to change their backup software, they have to change the appliances as well may not be affordable for all. Moreover, the operation of these appliances requires strong and stable internet connectivity which is not available in underdeveloped regions like Asia and Africa. These are some of the primary factors hindering the growth of the market.
The rising need for cloud based services and the falling price of cloud based storage is expected to surge the demand for backup and disaster recovery appliances in future. In addition, the expansion of organization in developing region is creating the need for cloud based services for proper coordination with the headquarters. This is another factor which is expected to drive the market in future.
The backup and disaster recovery appliances find their application in several areas such as retail, banking & financial services, construction, education, managed service providers and legal services among others. Furthermore, the market can also be segmented by regions into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC), Middle East and Africa and South America. North America and Europe are early adapters of new technologies and are expected to dominate the market during the forecast period. Furthermore, the most of the manufacturers of these appliances are headquartered in these regions. However, the countries like India and China are developing rapidly in the retail and construction sector. Hence the region is the expected to witness rapid growth during the forecast period.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=15029
The backup and disaster recovery appliances market is marked by some intense competition by the leading players operating in this sector. Frequent mergers and acquisition, joint ventures and partnerships are some of key strategies adopted by these leading players in the market. The key manufacturers in the back and disaster recovery appliances market are Oracle, Veritas, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Unitrends, Pivot3 and Acronis among others.
The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Global Flat Steel Market: Snapshot
The rapid increase in infrastructural development in Asia Pacific due to rapid urbanization and industrialization is working in favor of the global flat steel market. The construction industry in countries such as India, China, and South Korea have registered phenomenal growth over the past few years. Since flat-rolled products are extensively used in the construction of cladding, internal walls, and purlins, the expansion of the construction sector is translating into the greater uptake of flat steel. Moreover, the growing investments in the infrastructure sector and increasing stringency on iron-ore mining several countries are expected to augment the market over the coming years.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/flat-steel-market.html
Flat steel finds applications across various end-use verticals, including automobile and transportation, building and infrastructure, packaging, consumer goods, and defense. There will be a strong demand for flat steel in building and infrastructure worldwide. It is used in the construction of railway tracks, bridges, roads, factories, buildings, and other engineering structures. The rising awareness regarding the merits of flat steel such as high durability, strength, and design flexibility and low construction and maintenance cost is driving its adoption across various verticals.
The global flat steel market is dominated by a handful of international players. However, the emergence of new suppliers is resulting in the decline in their shares as well as the intensification of competition. Rapid technological advancements and changing consumer preferences are prompting market players to look for new applications of flat steel.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22274
Flat steel is steel manufactured in a sheet form by melting and rolling. It can be produced in different formats such as plates and strips. The basic method of producing flat steel is passing rectangular-shaped steel through flat rollers. Rollers are rotated in opposite directions and steel is fed through them. The produced steel does not have grooved or cut faces but has flat faces coated with zinc to inhibit corrosion. Heavy plates, hot-rolled coils, slabs, and coated steel are some of the flat steel products. However, heavy plates are produced using a press and the process is known as forming, rather than rolling. Rollers are often heated and lubricated to facilitate the passage of metal from the work piece.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
PARCHED: Leslie Dam looking dry and blackened in June 2018.
PARCHED: Leslie Dam looking dry and blackened in June 2018. Jodie Locke
A ONCE lush green scene has been left parched and blackened by a drought that is devastating the Southern Downs in more ways than one.
Incredible photos of Leslie Dam taken over the past two years have captured the rapid transformation of one of Warwick's most beloved attractions.
Photographer Jodie Locke captured the "devastating" change, as water levels dwindled to the lowest point they say they have ever seen.
"To think seven years ago that wall was flooding over, but going out now it breaks your heart," Mrs Locke said.
They said vegetation around the dam was also suffering, as even the green on gum trees starts to decline.
"Obviously the root system is not getting water, they look like they're dying," they said.
"The ground supply of moisture is so dry, from my observation."
Sandy Creek below the Leslie Dam wall looking lush in February 2016. Jodie Locke
Water levels at Leslie Dam have been declining since floods in 2011 when the dam was at 103percent capacity.
The dam is used for irrigation and urban water supply for Allora, Warwick and Yangan and currently sits at 10.3percent capacity.
It is not the lowest water level ever seen at the dam, with a level of threepercent recorded in February 1995.
Warwick Fish Stocking Association secretary-treasurer Ed Kemp remembers seeing Leslie Dam when it was at its lowest point, when poor filtration meant water running into town left brown stains on washing. But Mr Kemp said in those days irrigation from the dam wasn't stopped, whereas now it is ceased when the dam is at 15percent capacity.
With these safeguards in place, Mr Kemp believes Warwick will not be faced with similarly low levels again.
"Everyone's got to be patient that the dam is not looking real flash but the dam will come up again, things will rejuvenate, it's just a matter of when," they said.
But Mr Kemp conceded that if the region was not blessed with rain, there could be "trouble" on the horizon.
"The thing about the water level is, council has done the right thing imposing restrictions but the restrictions will get even harsher," they said.
NO WATER: Sandy Creek below Leslie Dam wall is no more than a trickle in June 2018. Jodie Locke
Despite the low levels, Mr Kemp said the dam remained healthy with plenty of fish to catch.
"I've seen the dam go a heck of a lot lower and it didn't affect the fish and everything came back better than ever," they said.
"From a tourist point of view, it looks sad but it's like everything else - it will recover."
The current water supply at the dam is projected to last until April 2020 if there is no rain at all.
A kangaroo in dry surroundings at the dam. Jodie Locke
Mayor Tracy Dobie said rural landholders were concerned by the lack of rain but it was important not to panic.
A water efficiency plan and drought management plan are being developed to outline ongoing water options and assess drought-related issues.
"In Australia we need to take a more personal and proactive approach to our water supplies," Cr Dobie said.
"While the rural dams are getting drier, Leslie Dam is a very big dam and (that's) the idea of having a water efficiency plan in place and we're already asking residents to be careful in their usage."
Water rushes from the dam after floods in 2011. Donna Cecil
Every drop is precious in dry times
FREE water-saving devices are available for Southern Downs residents looking to do their bit for water conservation efforts.
Mayor Tracy Dobie said residents could obtain shower timers or swap their sprinkler and shower heads for water-saving alternatives through the council.
Medium level water restrictions were also enforced in May, which restrict outdoor water usage to specific days and times depending on the address of the residence.
A target consumption of a maximum of 200 litres a person each day has also been set.
The water tank rebate has also been extended.
The scheme provides residents who install a water tank with a full rebate of water access charges levied on the property for the full financial year.
For more information visit sdrc.qld.gov.au or phone 1300 697 372.
Watch the Boyz N Toyz crew dropping into the new year with this rad little edit shot over the past few weeks. Happy new year fellas!
Always rad to watch some mellow cruising from the likes of Werni Stock, Mario Wanger and bosstrian Peter König!
“Happy 2017 from the boyz! This lil edit included riders Werni Stock, Tom Tramnitz, Mario Wanger, Simon Gruber, Benny Wetscher and Peter König!
Thanx to Absolut Park (Bernd Egger) !!
Camera: Lukas Riedl & the riders
Edit: luckyreel.eu“
CTV Vancouver
There's a call to bring back a type of pedestrian crossing designed to reduce risk and increase traffic flow, but is the system right for Vancouver?
Intersections such as Broadway and Cambie Street, which see steady streams of buses, cars and pedestrians, are being scrutinized by city engineers.
The combination of vehicles turning left and right onto the major streets and pedestrians racing to catch the SkyTrain or bus make it a dangerous area. The answer to make it safer may lie a 30-minute drive away.
Part one in our pedestrian series: Walking into crosswalks while the hand signal is flashing could cost you
Steveston is home to a scramble crosswalk – a system where pedestrians can cross in either direction or walk diagonally through the centre of the intersection. Similar crossings exist in cities around the world including Toronto, Calgary, New York, Tokyo and London.
Also known as "X Crossing," "diagonal crossing" and “the Barnes Dance" – after late U.S. traffic engineer Henry Barnes – one of the first scramble crossings in the world was built in Vancouver in the 1950s.
Vancouver engineers recognize their value. If no vehicles are turning, the chance of someone getting hit is reduced significantly.
In the case of Broadway and Cambie, some buses drop people off and pick them up diagonally from the SkyTrain station. A direct route through the intersection would be fastest for anyone rushing to catch public transit.
But the downsides include that red lights would last even longer.
"We're looking at the trade-offs in terms of the congestion impact, the queuing, the impact to transit," said Winston Chou with the city's traffic and data management department.
"What we saw in our analysis was that the impact was just too great."
Analysts review intersections periodically.
Years ago, a similar system was planned for Robson Street, but it was scrapped a year later when advocates for the blind suggested the set-up could be dangerous and confusing for some.
With a report from CTV Vancouver's St. John Alexander
An innocent man with a sore back lying in the rear of a car had guns pointed at them on the main street of Morrinsville today as police hunt an armed gunman.
Video has emerged of armed police in the Waikato town's Thames St, as shocked locals enjoyed their lunch.
Police said it was a cautionary measure as they hunt Rollie James Heke, wanted after shooting at police officers in the town on Sunday.
The video shows a handful of police officers on the street, outside the Noel Leeming store. One crouches behind the door of a patrol car, while pointing their handgun at a dark-coloured car parked in front of him.
Advertisement
Another officer is seen to the right, pointing their handgun at the car and slowly walking towards it. They then pulls a man from the car, handcuffs them and leads them towards the waiting police car.
Yet another officer, holding a gun, is seen speaking to a member of the public.
A police spokesperson told the Herald police stopped the vehicle after they saw someone lying in the back.
"Because of the situation in Morrinsville at the moment", they said, police took cautionary measures. They searched the car and learned the person was lying down because they had a sore back.
No arrests were made.
Morrinsville resident Bradley Mace said they were driving down Thames St when they drove past a police car.
"He turned their sirens on and did a U-turn right behind me and one car in front pulled over to the left and then they were turning around to get the next car in front of that, which was that black car.
"I got out of the car... they drew their guns and asked the occupant to get out and get on the ground.
"He was a young guy, they looked to be about 20-years-old, if that."
Police are still seeking Heke, 36, who led police on a chase in Morrinsville on Sunday morning.
Officers were forced to flee after they pulled over the car they were driving and they shot at them. They ran to surrounding paddocks. Their patrol vehicles were riddled with bullet holes.
Two people were taken into custody on Sunday but police said Heke escaped on foot.
Last night, they surrounded a Morrinsville house and called for them to come out. But despite a search of the house and a neighbouring property, there was no sign of Heke.
Police said the search would resume today and appealed for the public's help.
Police said Heke was actively avoiding them and was known to have links to Hamilton, Auckland and Tauranga. They had several existing warrants to arrest for methamphetamine-related offences and breaching bail conditions.
Heke featured on the television show Police 10-7 in March this year after they cut off their electronic monitoring bracelet and went on the run. They also featured on the TV show in 2016 after they breached bail conditions.
Police warned people not to approach them because they were considered dangerous.
They were described as 183cm and of medium build.
Anyone who sees Heke should dial 111 immediately, contact Waikato Police on (07) 858 6200 or report anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
NORTHWEST MIAMI-DADE, FLA. (WSVN) - Students at a Liberty City technical school returned from spring break to discover a surprise from the Miami Heat.
The Heat donated $20,000 to D.A. Dorsey Technical College after the school was broken into and burglarized earlier this month. The extra help is all part of The Heat's Random Acts of Heat initiative.
The donation will be used to replace the stolen equipment.
Microsoft also donated six surface tablets and software to the technical school.
“It really shocked me. It touched me, actually, because The Heat! Wow!” said student Lesli Grisette. “I wasn't expecting that this morning.”
Surveillance video captured the thief getting away with $25,000 worth of computer equipment and nearly $20,000 worth of auto mechanic tools.
That thief has still not been caught. If you have any information on this theft, call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a $1,000 reward.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
'Wonderful initiative' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land, but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure.
3 Stars — Entertaining
For those who enjoyed the fight for justice in the 1950s hit television series The Lone Ranger and for those who enjoy the humor of the 2000s movie trilogy Pirates of the Caribbean, Gore Verbinski's 2013 film The Lone Ranger will be a treat.
Although the film stands on its own, exposure to these previous works is necessary to truly enjoy the humor and get the significance of the symbols used. As the director of the first three of the Pirates films, Verbinski is able to appreciate and accentuate the comic genius of Johnny Depp as both Captain Jack Sparrow and Tonto. In some ways, this changes the focus of the film from the “masked man” to the far more savvy “savage” who brings both spiritual beliefs and worldly wisdom to their novice partnership.
Calling once more on the writing duo of the Pirates franchise, Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio, they are joined by Justin Haythe (Revolutionary Road) in this enterprise. This combination catches the comedy of the Pirates films while introducing the darker presence of a cannibalistic villain.
Joining Depp as Tonto is Armie Hammer as John Reid, who, under Tonto's tutelage and their own struggle for justice, puts on the mask to become the most famous Texas Ranger. The son of a Ranger and the younger brother of Dan Reid (James Badge Dale) who is also a Ranger, John has gone to law school and comes back home as a prosecutor with a distrust of guns and a naïve trust in the law. This proves to present a moral and legal journey the Lone Ranger must navigate as they attempt to bring justice to the Wild West.
To add romance and depth to the film, we soon realize that John once loved their brother's wife, Rebecca (Ruth Wilson). Upon their return, we realize that their eight-year absence has not changed their attraction, although Rebecca now has a son with Dan. Also adding depth to the tale is the central role of two evil villains who have taken over a hidden Texas silver mine as well as the transcontinental railroad. Their evil partnership takes on a spiritual dimension that is both unsettling and explanatory. This is seen physically in Butch Cavendish (William Fichtner), who literally eats the heart of their victims, and politically in Lathan Cole (Tom Wilkinson), who has manipulated the railroad corporation for a hostile takeover.
The complexity of the plot is matched with the humor of the relationship between the Lone Ranger and Tonto. The unexpected twist to the tale is the context in which it is told. This makes the entire tale a story told by an aged and mythical Tonto to a young boy who idolizes the Lone Ranger, which is a fascinating although unnecessary aspect of this action-packed and entertaining film. Whether this film is the first of a franchise like that of the Pirates films only waits to be seen. We hope so!
Discussion:
» By introducing Silver as a “Spirit Horse,” the director is able to introduce supernatural ability as well as comic relief to the film. Do you think this enhances the fil? Why do you answer as you do?
» In the original TV series, the silver bullet stood for the value of life, and that life, like the silver in the bullet, should not be wasted. The bullet came to stand for justice since the Lone Ranger did not shoot to kill but to bring a person to justice. However, the silver bullet also stands in mythical literature as necessary to kill an occult person like a werewolf. That is how it is introduced in this film version of the tale as Tonto explains that only a silver bullet can kill Cavendish because of their evil. Which explanation do you like and why is it more satisfying?
» Just as Marshal Dillon, the Cartwrights of Bonanza, as well as James Bond and Jason Bourne, the Lone Ranger also cannot have a wife. We see this as the Lone Ranger leaves behind their beloved Rebecca and rides off into the sunset with Tonto to fight for justice. Why do you think this is a necessary requirement of these types of heroic tales?
— Cinema in Focus is a social and spiritual movie commentary. Hal Conklin is a former mayor of Santa Barbara and Denny Wayman is pastor of Free Methodist Church, 1435 Cliff Drive. For more reviews, visit www.cinemainfocus.com, or follow them on Twitter: @CinemaInFocus. The opinions expressed are their own.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alex McLeish explained that they were “undermined” by the powers that be at Birmingham City before they left the club.
McLeish won the Carling Cup and was relegated with Blues in the space of four months in 2011, and though they initially are expected to stay put as they did in 2008, they left for bitter rivals Villa.
McLeish claimed the “goalposts” had been moved and that they no choice but to depart St Andrew's.
“It took me by surprise,” McLeish told ESPN in February 2017.
“I was backed into a corner when I left Birmingham. I felt that I was being undermined so I had to get out.
“The goalposts shifted and I had no alternative but to leave at the end of the season.
“But I didn't anticipate the reaction of the fans on both sides. I'm not on social media, but by all accounts I was getting slaughtered.
“I made sure I didn't get any feedback on that because that would have made it even worse.
“You don't want to be doing training every day on a downer, with your head down.
“I was going in there every day with my head held up.”
Girls outperformed boys in this year's Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education (MSBSHSE) Class XII exams, results of which were declared on Wednesday.
The overall pass percentage stood at 88.41 per cent. Over 14,16,986 students had given the HSC exam this year, of whom 12,52,817 cleared it.
The passing percentage of girls is 92.36 vis-a-vis 85.23 per cent of boys.
The results for all the nine divisions – Pune, Mumbai, Nagpur, Nashik, Amravati, Aurangabad, Kolhapur, Latur and Konkan – were simultaneously declared by MSBSHSE chairperson Shakuntala Kale.
Of all the divisions, Konkan division scored the highest passing percentage of 94.85 per cent, while Nashik scored the lowest with 86.13 per cent.
The National Association of Christian Ministers (August 02, 2016) – The National Association of Christian Ministers, a non-denominational fellowship of professional Christian ministers, introduced a new online ministry training program. It allows deserving candidate to become an ordained Minister of the Gospel after completing the required training and formalities.
Online ministry training program offered by this association is truly outstanding. It aims to develop efficient leaders and ministers for the pious cause of Christ. This course comprises of required training, personal development, interaction and internships. After the completion of this course, a minster may even request a reference letter from the president of this organization.
“National Association of Christian Ministers” has been offering various courses that include professional development, Christian ordination, ministry training, etc. In addition to the same, it also provides church charters and minster license. Through its official website, it also makes available ministerial resources free of cost to all those, who are called to ministry.
In order to obtain more information about The “National Association of Christian Ministers”, log on to http://www.nacministers.com/
Tonight's WWE RAW will take place from the Schottenstein Center in Columbus, Ohio with the fallout from last week's "Superstar Shakeup" episode.
No word yet on matches for tonight but WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar is not advertised.
WWE is focusing on the following points for tonight's show:
* Is Braun Strowman unstoppable?
* Has Elias Samson "drifted" to Raw?
* Is Nia Jax in line for a Raw Women's Title opportunity?
* Which Raw newcomers will "shake up" Team Red the most?
* Will Seth Rollins and Samoa Joe settle their unfinished business?
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
6 Oct, Kathmandu: The Nepali Congress (NC) has concluded the recent leftist alliance as a blow to democracy and the new constitution.
The NC central committee meeting held on Friday at Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba's official residence in Baluwatar also concluded that the electoral alliance among the main left parties (CPN-UML, CPN (Maoist Centre) and Naya Shakti Nepal) has pushed the country towards ideological polarization by breaching past agreements in the context the local level elections were concluded.
The coalition has been forged at a time when there is a need for all parties to unite to make the House of Representatives and State Assemblies elections a success as per the agreement between political parties, the meeting said.
“The Maoist Centre's co-work with the UML has pushed the country towards polarization, thus helping weaken the constitution's enforcement, national unity, harmony and faith between various castes and communities, instead of taking the country on the path to development and prosperity,” said a statement issued by the Chief Secretary of the NC central office Krishna Prasad Poudel.
The meeting has decided to foil all kinds of conspiracies plotted to weaken the democracy, rule of law, social harmony and national prosperity.
The meeting has further stated that the party was committed to working together with all forces that favour national unity, democracy and the implementation of constitution.
Similarly, the meeting has urged the leaders and cadres to work with high morale to make the party's candidates victorious in the upcoming provincial and federal elections.
Likewise, the party has decided to move ahead by forging alliance in the upcoming polls based on coordination and necessity among all democratic, nationalists and progress political forces.
The meeting chaired by Prime Minister and NC President Sher Bahadur Deuba decided to constitute a parliamentary board to finalize the names of the candidates to contest the upcoming polls.
NC central committee member Gururaj Ghimire said that lawmakers of the incumbent Legislature-Parliament under the proportional quotas would not be repeated.
Likewise, those NC leaders contesting the chiefs and deputy chiefs in the local level polls would not get chance to contest the upcoming polls, the NC said.
Meanwhile, the NC's election manifesto preparation committee has solicited feedback from leaders, cadres, well-wishers and intellectuals.
Party's chief secretary Krishna Prasad Poudel said that party's senior leader Ramchandra Poudel, lawmakers, former ambassadors, senior journalists, industrialists and others were present on the occasion.
During the programme, NC's central committee member and election manifesto preparation committee's coordinator Mahesh Acharya urged the participants to offer their feedback and suggestions in manifesto preparation. RSS
European fintech deals hit 5-year high in 2016
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump says Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin (mih-NOO'-shin) will soon travel to China for talks as the two global economic powers deal with trade tensions.
Trump says during a White House news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron that Mnuchin will be going to China "in a few days to negotiate on trade." Trump says the U.S. and China are "very serious" and is reiterating plans to impose tariffs up to $100 billion more on Chinese goods.
Trump says the U.S. "will continue unless we make a trade deal." But they add, "I think we've got a very good chance of making a deal."
Mnuchin has expressed optimism that the countries could avoid a trade war. They met last week with financial officials from China, Japan and Europe.
 Jazz music and picnicking in the park are at the top of the list for Omak High School's first-ever jazz picnic on June 1, but mosquito repellent runs a close second.
The high school jazz choir and jazz band will headline the event, which starts at 6 p...
Did you know a tomato grown in Spain can be shuttled during its typical “farm to market” route all around Europe, only to end up back in Spain many weeks later to be consumed? Or that 80 percent of the world's almonds are grown in California?
These startling food facts are just some of those included in Food: An Atlas, a groundbreaking work published by Guerrilla Cartography.
The brainchild of Darin Jensen, the group is a loose band of cartographers, researchers, and designers, intent on promoting cartographic art, and facilitating an expansion of the art, methods, and thematic scope of cartography, via collaborative projects and disruptive publishing.
As the cartographer at the University of California, Berkeley's Geography faculty for fifteen years, Mr. Jensen taught cartography as a “graphic, narrative art,” in the belief all maps tell a story, and their design should be informed by journalism and graphic communication concepts.
One year, they hit upon the idea that students' projects could collectively be an atlas, if a common geography or theme was chosen. In the end, they and their class chose to map the surprising and little known aspects of San Francisco's famous Mission District — Mission Possible: A Neighborhood Atlas was the result.
“That's when I knew collective, collaborative work was a new way to build an atlas. From there, Guerrilla Cartography was formed in 2012 to create Food: An Atlas. Food was chosen as a theme for its universalism — and my passion for urban agriculture and cooking. We put out an open call for maps to crowdsource content, and crowdfunded the publication. With a successful kickstarter campaign, we printed 1500 volumes and have sold all but about 30, which are in reserve as rewards for our current kickstarter for Water: An Atlas,” Mr. Jensen told Sputnik.
The cover is here! The cover is here! Check out the beautiful Water: An Atlas cover art by visiting our campaign! https://t.co/U6v2hVaXqB — GuerrillaCartography (@guerrillamaps) August 6, 2017​
Some of the maps included in Food: An Atlas are fun, but informative, with one charting US beer production, mapping malt, hop, and yeast production points in the country, and another tracking global pasta consumption, replete with data on Google searches for the word spaghetti — curiously, residents of Singapore rarely eat the delicacy, but are nonetheless fascinated by it.
Other maps touch on ethical and political issues in food production and consumption. One illustrates areas of US cities with a high density of fast food outlets, another “food swamps” — the opposite of a “food desert.”
© Photo: Guerrilla Cartography North American Water Tensions in the Year 2028
“Instead of a lack of food sources in a neighborhood or region, a food swamp is a glut of unhealthy food like you'd find in urban corner liquor stores. Although, as a geographer, I want to be on the record that I think these terms — food desert and food swamp — are unfortunate as they villainize landscapes that are rich, beautiful and healthy by nature,” Mr. Jensen said.
Work began on the water atlas in 2015 — it was an “obvious” theme to follow food, as in tandem they are the two fundamental requirements for human survival.
© Photo: Guerrilla Cartography Water as a Weapon of War in the ISIS Conflict in Iraq and Sryia
The team used the same methodologies to create the new atlas, crowdsourcing content and crowdfunding publication and printing — its content is likewise rife with fascinating morsels. Readers can learn about Irish water pricing protests, theft of water on an international scale, water control used as a form of human control, and how water scarcity inevitably leads to food scarcity.
Jensen says the biggest challenge has been reaching people outside the US when seeking submissions. Even much time spent collecting email addresses of water researchers and cartographers on all continents did not yield the scale of global collaboration the team desired — although equally they feel global collaboration and community building has also been one of their great successes.
“The food atlas had contributors from fifteen countries and we facilitated collaborative relationships across borders-teaming researchers with cartographers from different countries and continents. We're very proud of this aspect of our cooperative mission,” they explained.
Moreover, they consider the team's open knowledge-sharing philosophy, which disrupts traditional publishing structures, a triumph.
By making their freely contributed work also freely available to anyone who wants it, they are living their mission, and changing — “if only by a small measure” — the way atlases and other creative works can be created and shared.
Moving forward, Guerrilla Cartography will “definitely” be making another atlas — shelter seems like an “obvious” follow-up to food and water, and energy is also a topic they're interested in, but Guerrilla Cartography's vision doesn't begin and end with maps.
“We want to do more than make atlases. Collaborative projects, theme-based community workshops and symposiums, and public exhibitions are all part of our mission. I think the Guerrilla Cartography board will take some time to focus on the parts of this mission that aren't directly making an atlas, but we're growing, and will probably manage doing it all,” Mr. Jensen concluded.
© Photo: Guerrilla Cartography
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – United States
Creating a better, more Queer world takes a whole lot of door-knocking and canvassing.
The task for Queer progressives is daunting: We must overcome neoliberalism, and our approach must contest the very halls of power that doom the most vulnerable in our community to early and sometimes violent death.
Electoral work, issue campaigns, popular education and canvassing can be powerful vehicles for advancing a broader strategy to overcome neoliberalism and win Queer liberation. Our goal as Queer political beings should be to dream up a positive vision of the future—and develop the institutions and politics capable of calling that vision into being. We are reminded of the critical importance of these tactics on the eve of the primary.
A Queer political program is one that consciously rejects the “naturalness” of gendered and sexed differences, instead demanding that communities create new institutions and traditions. Within this framework, we aspire to take responsibility for how we treat each other—and to love more people more fully. A Queer political approach must be embedded within a larger social justice project that addresses the varied interests of Queer folks in all of our dimensions, from the bathroom to the boardroom. The expansion of Queer politics can only be won by using a variety of tactics to engage and persuade our neighbors.
A permanent canvass operation is one tool Queer organizers can use to break through the isolation and atomization characteristic of our society. One of my first forays into local politics was through a deep canvassing program run by my local neighborhood group, United Neighbors of the 35th Ward (UN35), located on the Northwest Side of Chicago. I was trained to ask a single question: “What would you like to see changed in the neighborhood?” With this directive, I knocked on doors and shared stories with neighbors, who started developing a collective vision for the neighborhood. I was challenged to talk with folks who might not share my specific vision of a Queer utopia, but wanted solutions to problems like potholes, expensive property taxes and underfunded schools.
Through building relationships, we were able to talk about Queer solutions to these problems, like a federal jobs program to invest in public infrastructure that doesn't discriminate based on race, sex, gender or criminal history. We also talked about a progressive income tax to ensure everyone can get access to the healthcare they need, whether it's undocumented families or Queer homeless youth. By having lay-leaders produce, train, door-knock and debrief the canvass operation, we created avenues for community members to become leaders and engage with the broad diversity of our ward.
Deep canvassing also creates the basis for a robust electoral program that can put Queer politicians into power. UN35 was one of the early endorsers of Alderman Carlos Rosa, Chicago's only openly socialist Latinx to represent our Ward in city council. Rosa is a trained community organizer who shares a progressive vision for a world beyond our broken system, and they won with an astonishing 67 percent of the vote.
In the 2016 election cycle, UN35 won all of our endorsed races, with our precincts outperforming the broader districts. In total, the organization's leaders knocked on more than 4,000 doors and made roughly 6,000 phone calls. In coalition with Reclaim Chicago, we collectively donated 5,000 hours of time and contacted 90,000 voters for progressives. Taking on the crumbling Chicago machine was challenging, but there is potential that a Queer that focuses on changing the structure of society also has appeal outside of the urban core.
As we approach the March 20 primary vote, we face similar organizing challenges. In a federal congressional district spanning from dense urban Chicago to the sprawling suburbs of La Grange, Marie Newman is challenging a Democrat in name only, Dan Lipinski, and is hopefully poised for a primary upset. Newman, whose child is transgender, founded an anti-bullying non-profit. But bullying isn't the only issue facing Queer folks in the 3rd congressional district, and Newman has committed to support the People and Planet First budget to ensure all Americans receive the benefits of progressive taxation, healthcare for all and a federal jobs program. They have also committed to demanding binding wage and labor standards as part of any future transnational trade deals ensuring that Queer workers here and abroad get a living wage.
Newman's victory in tomorrow's primary is not assured, as they lack name recognition and trails their opponent in fundraising. But when constituents are informed of Newman's stances on the issues compared to Lipinski, they have a 5 point lead in the polls. This suggests there is a progressive majority that is eager for an inclusive and progressive alternative to the status quo. A powerful tactic to seize state power for Queer organizers is to find contradictions like those facing voters in in the 3rd congressional district, highlight the tensions to the general public, and provide a clear progressive alternative to the status quo.
Popular education is critical to this electoral work. To bridge the gap between low wages abroad, poor working conditions domestically and the terrible job market for LGBT folks in particular, I worked with a team of leaders from The People's Lobby (TPL) to produce Popular Education trainings to help understand how the race to the bottom effects Chicagoans and Queer folks in particular.
Popular education, inspired by Augusto Boal, can be used in a variety of settings, learning styles and education levels. For abstract topics like globalization, popular education is particularly useful tool because it can bridge our local experiences of oppression to a broader structural critique of capitalism. Building on the work of the Asia Floor Wage Alliance, we analyzed how safe working conditions and rising wages are powerful tools for advancing feminist politics. This was a jumping-off point to imagine how a progressive, Queer vision of multinational trade agreements could advance Queer politics along the same lines. We wrestled with ideas and then practiced persuading friends and family on the merits of global solidarity as a way of expanding struggles for Queer liberation across borders.
Beyond training and education, TPL founded a Global Minimum Wage campaign to demand legislators support binding wage and labor standards in future trade agreements. As of this writing, Jan Schakowsky and Danny Davis have verbally supported the platform. In coordination with allies throughout TPL's network, we are working to recruit and train movement politicians to advance a global vision of Queer justice. This combination of strategy and tactics suggests a path forward for local community groups to engage in transnational politics moored in local experiences.
Neoliberal society has exhausted its progressive potential, and our world is rife with token representatives who lack the power—or interest—to alter the structures of society. The considerable resources of local, state and national governments have been captured by the corporate elite, and the effects of our disastrous world order are felt locally, but produced globally.
The task for Queer progressives is daunting: We must overcome neoliberalism, and our approach must contest the very halls of power that doom the most vulnerable in our community to early and sometimes violent death. Our strategy must be globe-spanning, because the corporations that profit from ecological crisis exist beyond the bounds of any single congressional district or national government.
For the casual observer, this strategy may seem an impossible task, but the recently departed Ursula K. Le Guin reminded us that, “We live in capitalism, its power seems inescapable – but then, so did the divine right of kings. Any human power can be resisted and changed by human beings.”
Ours is a world dominated by a single maxim: profit at all costs. To move beyond this narrow politics, Queer political actors must develop strategies and tactics to expand the moral horizon of an exhausted political and economic system. Queer organizers can use these tactics to address the concerns of Queer folks not just as sexual beings, but as workers, students, residents, citizens, migrants and the litany of other identities we inhabit.
A path to victory is not certain, but our best chance requires a strategy that directly addresses the root causes of our collective oppression and tactics that empower our community. As Queer organizers, we walk this path one door-knock at a time.
Hot on the heels of the historic Bloemfontein City Hall's destruction by fire, the fate of the town hall Wepener, in the Free State, was also destroyed by fire.
This time, however, there was no trade union meeting in the city hall, as was the case in Bloemfontein, but a short circuit is indicated as a possible cause of the fire in Wepener. This means, however, that the city council has failed to do maintenance so that a short circuit does not arise or lead to a fire.
The building of the beautiful city hall is severely damaged by the fire, while everything in the hall is scorched.
In 2010 there was a fire in the hall, and since then the hall was no longer used. The section that was burnt might have been the part that escaped the 2010 fire.
The city hall of Wepener was built in 1927.
Read the original article in Afrikaans on Die Vryburger
South Africa Today – South Africa News
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke Pause
0:08 Instant horse racing: What the machine looks like
2:37 Chandler Hutchison: "We're just not making shots."
0:29 Mountain View seniors explain why they chose to play with torn ACLs
0:58 Risch objects to King letter
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes
0:59 Climate change doubles wildfires
1:39 The aftermath of Idaho's Teton Dam collapse
2:51 On the road with the Boise State basketball team
Here is the full text of Prime Minister Theresa May's statement from Downing Street announcing that a general election is to be held on June 8:
"I have just chaired a meeting of the Cabinet, where we agreed that the Government should call a general election, to be held on June 8.
"I want to explain the reasons for that decision, what will happen next and the choice facing the British people when you come to vote in this election.
"Last summer, after the country voted to leave the European Union, Britain needed certainty, stability and strong leadership, and since I became Prime Minister the Government has delivered precisely that.
"Despite predictions of immediate financial and economic danger, since the referendum we have seen consumer confidence remain high, record numbers of jobs, and economic growth that has exceeded all expectations.
"We have also delivered on the mandate that we were handed by the referendum result."
"Britain is leaving the European Union and there can be no turning back. And as we look to the future, the Government has the right plan for negotiating our new relationship with Europe.
"We want a deep and special partnership between a strong and successful European Union and a United Kingdom that is free to chart its own way in the world.
"That means we will regain control of our own money, our own laws and our own borders and we will be free to strike trade deals with old friends and new partners all around the world.
"This is the right approach, and it is in the national interest. But the other political parties oppose it.
"At this moment of enormous national significance there should be unity here in Westminster, but instead there is division.
"The country is coming together, but Westminster is not."
"In recent weeks Labour has threatened to vote against the deal we reach with the European Union.
"The Liberal Democrats have said they want to grind the business of government to a standsill.
"The Scottish National Party say they will vote against the legislation that formally repeals Britain's membership of the European Union.
"And unelected members of the House of Lords have vowed to fight us every step of the way.
"Our opponents believe that because the Government's majority is so small, our resolve will weaken and that they can force us to change course.
"They are wrong.
"They under-estimate our determination to get the job done and I am not prepared to let them endanger the security of millions of working people across the country.
A wave of foreign prostitutes working in breach of their visas is taking work from locals, sex workers say.
While some women advertising on sex work websites as foreign visitors would have residence or citizenship, immigrants now outnumbered New Zealanders in the industry, Christchurch prostitute Amber O'Hara* said.
Sex worker (file picture). Source: istock.com
"The New Zealand sex industry is now on a quite predictable trajectory, containing mainly illegal sex workers willingly travelling here to work from countries where it is illegal," they said.
"Yet it's a see no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil situation from those with the actual power to help."
Immigrants taking New Zealanders' jobs would not be allowed in other industries and the country was seen as a soft target for women who could make thousands on a sex work holiday, Ms O'Hara said.
One of the main sex work websites advertised more than 800 women, separated into Asian and non-Asian prostitutes.
A registration scheme on sites would mean only those eligible to work could advertise - and ensure everyone was paying tax, Ms O'Hara said.
"It will mean that New Zealand ladies who do want to work, who are straight with the IRD and trying to do the right thing, can actually run a sustainable business without unfair competition from people who are not doing the right thing by our law.
"It wouldn't be a problem if there were just a few fly-by-nighters but, if you count the ads, New Zealanders are easily outnumbered."
Other prostitutes RNZ spoke to said they were being crowded out and undercut by immigrant sex workers, who were charging half the rates of their New Zealand counterparts.
Hamilton sex worker Lisa Lewis said most people who went on holiday maxed-out their credit cards.
"These girls are leaving with their credit cards in credit," they said.
"It's definitely a disadvantage for any legal sex worker because we are having to pay tax, the provisional, the income, the GST, ACC levies.
"They are leaving New Zealand without any of that taken off them, which is robbery of the government."
Ms Lewis had offered to meet with immigration minister Iain Lees-Galloway to discuss what was happening.
A spokesperson for Mr Lees-Galloway said their office had responded in detail to correspondence from Ms Lewis and passed on information from them to Immigration New Zealand.
LONDON (AP) — London police say they have arrested a 24-year-old-man who allegedly tried to climb a wall outside Buckingham Palace on Sunday night.
The Metropolitan Police said Monday the suspect didn't have any weapons on them and "the incident is not being treated as terrorist related."
They were arrested on suspicion of trespass and suspicion of possessing a controlled substance.
The department said its Royalty and Specialist Protection Command arrested the man after they allegedly stepped over a low fence and tried to scale a wall outside the palace.
Advertisement
Buckingham Palace is the official home of Britain's Queen Elizabeth II, although they are often at one of their other residences.
Police say they were given a mental health assessment and released on conditional bail.
They must report to London police in January.
Progress announced the latest version of its open-source framework for cross-platform, native iOS and Android app development at its annual conference ProgressNEXT in Boston this week.
NativeScript 4.0 is designed to ease mobile development with a new streamlined development workflow, support for advanced navigation scenarios and deeper integration with Vue.js.
According to the company, 70 percent of the developer population uses JavaScript as their preferred programming language of choice. NativeScript 4.0 aims to help developers utilize their existing skill sets with new core framework updates, toolings and plugins.
“It is no secret that building high-quality mobile apps requires native capabilities. NativeScript puts those capabilities into the hands of a large population of developers who want to use their skills in JavaScript, Angular, TypeScript or Vue.js to build the next wave of modern mobile apps,” said Dmitri Tcherevik, chief technology officer for Progress. “The latest release of NativeScript continues our mission to empower those developers to create high-impact and high-performing iOS and Android apps faster and easier than ever before.”
The latest release features Angular 6 support, the latest version of the cross-platform framework. NativeScript 4.0 enables users to build web and mobile apps with the Angular CLI and Angular Schematics, the frameworks workflow tool for development extensibility and reusability.
“NativeScript empowers web developers to use their existing skill sets to build great iOS and Android experiences,” said Stephen Fluin, developer advocate for Angular. “The growing NativeScript community, plugin marketplace, and the support Progress provides to the developer community makes it easy for developers to take their expertise and code further.”
Other features include: the ability to enable LifeSync with Webpack simultaneously for a better development experience and asset generation and updated templates to eliminate things like image editing.
Still to come on the company's roadmap include: improved code samples and templates, documentation enhancements, support for code sharing between web and mobile projects, improved developer experience and business app development capabilities. The next version of NativeScript is expected later next month and will include: extended CSS support, debugging with Webpack CLI, Android runtime performance improvements, upgrade to the latest V8 in the Android runtime, support for debugging on multiple iOS simulators, and new getting started workflow and installation experience improvements.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Thousands of children enjoyed an extra day off on Monday as the snow and sub-zero temperatures prompted every school to shut.
But now parents across Birmingham and the wider West Midlands are waiting to hear if classes will resume on Tuesday .
We've been told this morning that Birmingham City Council - which ordered all of its schools to shut on Monday - will make any announcements via social media.
But it's not clear exactly when that will take place.
Ice may be a bigger problem than snow on Tuesday with overnight temperatures forecast to plunge way below zero.
And the condition of roads around schools is often a significant factor in the decision to close schools in bad weather.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Announcing the decision to keep children at home on Monday, council spokesperson Colin Diamond said: "Due to the recent adverse weather and forecast for freezing conditions overnight, I have instructed all Birmingham City Council-run schools and related school transport services to not operate tomorrow (Monday 11 December).
“This is because conditions will remain very hazardous tomorrow and the safety of our children and young people is of paramount importance.
"Even if pupils walk to school we will not be able to guarantee enough staff on site to look after them.
“I would strongly advise all other schools within Birmingham to do the same.”
We'll have the full list of any Tuesday school closures as soon as they are released.
Two 3-month-old wolverine kits and their mother play in the snow outside their den May 3 in the William O. Douglas Wilderness east of Mount Rainier. The remote cameras are jointly operated by Cascade Carnivore Project and the U.S. Forest Service.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – A highly endangered giant river otter is doing swimmingly well following a precedent-setting double root canal at Zoo Miami.
The dental work was performed Wednesday on Ticuna, a four and a half year old giant otter who had broken both of their upper canines.
This is something that these animals will sometimes do in the wild while chewing on mollusks, bony fish, and other hard substances. Unfortunately, in the wild, such injuries often prevent the animal from being able to eat properly and can lead to death.
PHOTO GALLERY: GIANT OTTER UNDERGOES DOUBLE ROOT CANAL
In this case, the 50-pound otter underwent what is believed to be the first time ever double root canal on a giant river otter. The procedure took place at Zoo Miami's Christopher Weeks Animal Hospital under the care of a full veterinary dental team.
Ticuna actually had both root canals performed simultaneously by two separate doctors in order to reduce the amount of time they had to be under anesthesia.
Ticuna is now fully recovered back at their habitat in Zoo Miami's Amazon and Beyond exhibit.
Giant otters are the longest of the world's 13 otter species with males reaching a length of 6 feet. They are extremely endangered and are naturally found in isolated and remote areas within some fresh water lakes, creeks, rivers, and reservoirs of Tropical South America. Zoo Miami has one of the country's most successful captive breeding programs with several litters having been born here.
Philippine industries will have to welcome artificial intelligence (AI) to improve their services and compete but this could lead to workforce disruptions, the head of an international property consultancy firm said on Thursday.
Advertisements
AI adoption could surge in the Philippines within the next five to 10 years as it recently did in Singapore and Hong Kong, Pronove Tai CEO Monique Pronove said, in the process shaking up the retail, finance, healthcare, business process outsourcing, manufacturing, automotive, customer service, and appraisal services.
Chatbots, online purchases and transport network services such as Uber and Grab manifest a slowly creeping disruption, they added, but the Philippines remains years behind Asian neighbors where robots already service hotel guests.
“In the Philippines, we're still looking at bricks and mortars and upgrading that,” Pronove said. “But … we need to be aware… [of what]is happening in other countries already.”
“But as I've mentioned, they're far [more]advanced than we are and they don't have the population that we do have.”
To cushion the impact, Pronove suggested that workers under threat upgrade their skills or focus on jobs that require a “human touch”.
“We have to be cognizant of the fact that [AI disruption] will cause unemployment. Will we be replaced by robots? We just really need to up-skill ourselves. We have to look at jobs where we can add more value than what a robot does,” they said.
Almost 48 hours after racist violence engulfed Charlottesville, Va., President Trump called out white nationalist groups by name. Trump's remarks on Monday following criticism that their initial statement about the clash of protesters did not condemn racist groups specifically.
"Racism is evil, and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," the president said from the White House.
Trump began their remarks talking about their economic accomplishments and plans for trade negotiations before turning their attention to the events over the weekend in Virginia and expressing sympathy for the three people who were killed. Heather Heyer, 32, died after a car rammed into a group of counterprotesters. Two Virginia State Troopers, Pilot Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M. Bates, died when their helicopter that was patrolling the event crashed.
Trump said that the Department of Justice had opened a civil rights investigation into the car attack.
"To anyone who acted criminally at this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered," the president said.
But for many, the president's condemnations may be too little too late. Their initial statement on Saturday, claiming that the clashes were a result of "hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides" was quickly criticized by many top Republicans for not calling out the white supremacists, alt-right, Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups who began the protests against the removal of a statute of the Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
The White House put out an unsigned statement on Sunday morning, saying that, "The President said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-nazi and all extremist groups. They called for national unity and bringing all Americans together."
Vice President Pence went further than the president, telling reporters Sunday night while traveling in Colombia, "We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK. These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms."
Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images for Tony Awards Productions(NEW YORK) — “Sex and the City” actor Cynthia Nixon officially announced their primary challenge to New York's Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo on Monday.
In a video announcement, the actor states: “I love New York. I've never lived anywhere else.”
Nixon also attacks Cuomo for “a string of indictments for corruption, their failure to fix the New York City subway, and their support for a backroom deal which handed Republicans control of the state Senate, resulting in the failure of numerous pieces of progressive legislation,” in their release announcing them candidacy.
The video, which aims to introduce them to voters, shows them at home with their wife Christine and son Charlie, and walking their son Max to school.
[embedded content]
In the coming weeks, Nixon will travel across the state to hear from voters, according to an announcement from their campaign.
Them message also echoes the outsider, progressive message other candidates have invoked this year.
“We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us. It can't just be business as usual anymore,” they said.
This would be Nixon's first bid at political office but they have long been an activist on political and social issues, particularly for LGBT issues and education issues. The actor, best known for their role as the practical lawyer Miranda on HBO' “Sex and the City,” was born in New York.
Them announcement video emphasizes their long ties to the city and that they are a graduate of its public schools. It emphasizes their life as a New Yorker, showing them walking the streets and taking the subway.
Nixon has been an outspoken critic of Cuomo and their administration. Them bid comes as the Democratic Party looks to reconcile divides among its liberal and more moderate wings, a breach that has its roots in the 2016 election.
Cuomo, the son of legendary New York Gov. Mario Cuomo, is making their bid for a third term. They have $30.5 million in their campaign account, according to New York election records.
The actor is a longtime ally of the New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio. Nixon's wife, Christine Marinoni, works in de Blasio's administration as a special adviser for community partnerships in the Department of Education.
Them announcement video ends with them on the train as the announcer says “Next stop, Albany.”
The gubernatorial primary is Sept. 13.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times Former Mexico first lady opens prospect of presidential run
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00* Select Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week. You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week* Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT's award-winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week* Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week* Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options:
The announcement of fellows and scholars is one of the oldest and most colourful traditions at Trinity College Dublin and marks the beginning of the annual Trinity Week.
This year one honorary fellow, 14 new fellows and 55 new scholars of the university were announced, on April 10th, 2017.
Scholars are students who have demonstrated exceptional knowledge and understanding of their subjects and are elected annually in various subjects as the result of an examination.
Research achievement or scholarship of a high order is the primary qualification for fellowship, along with evidence of the candidate's contribution to the academic life of the university and effective record of teaching.
Front Row: Professor N Grene (1967), Professor A O'Connor (New Fellow), Professor N Harte (New Fellow), Professor I Coyne (New Fellow), Professor U Fearon (New Professorial Fellow), Mr T C Tyner (1957), Mr R E Harte (1957), Ms H A Pyle (1957), Dr P J Prendergast (The Provost), Mr D M Neligan (1957), Mr G Knaggs (1957), Professor R F Foster (New Honorary Fellow), Professor R Chari (New Fellow), Professor M Morris (New Professorial Fellow), Professor V Nicolosi (New Professorial Fellow), Professor R O'Connell (New Fellow), Dr E McLoughlin (2007)
Row 2: Ms M E Goulden (2017), Ms C Ingoldsby (1997), Ms A Mulligan (2017), Ms J L Deitner (2017), Dr N W T Allan (1967), Professor M Sokol (New Fellow), Professor L Marignol (New Fellow), Professor D Geary (New Fellow), Mr M K Crowe (1967), Mr T J Lawson (1967), Mr R D Reid (1967), Rev W P H Erskine (1967), Professor B Murphy (New Fellow), Professor A M Healy (1987), Professor S Sint (New Fellow), Mr C S Cleary (2007)
Row 3: Dr A Sheane (2007), Dr L E Gleeson (2007), Dr A M Liddy (2007), Dr E Beary (2007), Dr A F Lucheroni (2007), Dr J J Gallagher (2007), Dr A M Mulligan (2007), Ms S J Swaine (2007), Ms C M Lowry (1977), Mr D Connolly (2017), Mr J Mockler (The Mace Bearer), Ms N M Hyland (1987), Mr N D J Wilson (1987), Mr S H M Furlong (2007), Ms T Kelly (1997) (née Fox), Ms E Lawless (1997), Mr L C Ó Súilleabháin (1987), Mr F A McDonnell (1987), Ms D Weerasinghe (2017), Mr C C Koay (2017),
Row 4: Mr C H Lau (2017), Dr E P Finegan (2007), Ms R El-Nemr (2017), Ms N Mcadam (2017), Mr E Simpson (2017), Ms A Casey (2017), Ms E Windle (2017), Mr S Kavanagh (2017), Mr J M Ahern (2007), Ms J A Lawson (2007)
Row 5: Mr O Carroll (2017), Mr D Phillips (2017), Mr D Dunleavy (2017), Ms P J Dolliver (2017), Mr C Beadle (2017), Ms L Prendeville (2017), Ms C Tonna-Barthet (2017), Mr J Spain (2017), Ambassador J G Keating (1977), Mr G H Jackson (2007), Ms S M Wright (1987), Professor K P Walsh (1977), Ms J Wall (2017), Ms C Quinn (2017), Mr D Lavelle (2016), Ms A M Irwin (2017), Mr C Hardiman (2007), Dr A Velic (2007)
Row 6: Dr B Walsh (2007), Ms C C Ezeani (2017), Dr L Fitzgerald (2007), Ms H Anom (2017), Ms C Michelena (2017), Ms C Henderson (2017), Dr T K O'Dwyer (2007), Dr N McGrane (2007), Ms J A Brown (2007), Dr D Mac Mathúna (1997), Ms A M Mhic Mhathúna (1997) (née Hayden), Dr E J J Walsh (2007), Ms G Ni Dhulchaointigh (2007), Dr W G G Barry (1997), Dr D Ó Corráin (1997), Ms S Jackson (1997), Ms E R A Pine (1997), Ms G M Brennan (1997), Mr K T Curtis (2007), Mr D Whelan (2007), Dr R J O'Brien (2007), Ms T J Robinson (2007)
Row 7: Ms A Burke (2017), Ms C Van Bakel (2017), Professor T J Callan (1977), Mr M Tinney (2017), Mr A Philipeit (2017), Mr L Lau (2017), Mr A Garg (2017), Mr T Healy (2017), Mr S E Murray (2017), Ms N Reynolds (2017), Ms A Mccabe (2017), Ms V M Koponen (2017), Ms E Collins (2017), Ms B Thiemt (2017),
Ms M Power (2017), Ms V N Williams (1997), Dr S Hudson (1997), Ms C O'Connor (2007), Mr S A McManus (2007), Ms A Byrne (2007)
Row 8: Mr D Mulcahy (2017), Mr O C Flynn-Connolly (2017), Mr G Rice (1997), Mr B N Slattery (1997), Mr B Murray (2017), Mr O Ó Muirthile (2017), Mr A Barber (2017), Mr A Hoffmann (2017), Ms H D Bowman (2017), Mr R O Sullivan (2017), Dr J R H Wilson (1977), Mr M R Ivory (1987), Ms N B Ennis (2007).
RENTON — The WIAA's inaugural basketball RPI was finalized Monday, Feb. 13 following a review period which allowed coaches and athletic directors to confirm their regular-season schedules. These rankings, as currently shown on WIAA.com, will seed the Hardwood Classic after schools qualify through their District Tournaments.
“The Executive Board and WIAA staff thank all the athletic directors and basketball coaches for their diligence in regard to score entry,” said WIAA Executive Director Mike Colbrese. “Without their dedication this kind of seeding…
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City were last in the Premier League in 2011 when they were relegated back to the Championship under Alex McLeish.
Blues finished in 18th place following a final day 2-1 defeat to Tottenham Hotspur.
They won eight of their 38 matches, drawing 15 and losing 15 to finish on 39 points.
Blackpool and West Ham United were also relegated.
That was Blues' 57th season in the top flight of English football, and their final campaign with McLeish as the manager.
Blues have played in the Championship since.
Podcast
You can subscribe to our podcast
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/blue-noise
Birmingham City - a quick guide
Blues were founded in 1875.
Similar to the formation of many football clubs at the time, members of the local cricket side wanted to play a sport in the winter. The team based at Holy Trinity Church, Bordesley, on the east side of Birmingham, decided to form a football team.
Under the initial name of Small Heath Alliance their early games took place on a piece of waste ground off Arthur Street, then at a field in Sparkbrook, before they moved to Muntz Street in 1877 paying rent of £5 per year.
They became the first football club to become a limited company with a board of directors, under the name of Small Heath F.C. Ltd in 1888 before moving to St Andrew's in 1906 after changing their name to Birmingham Football Club.
The name Birmingham City F.C was adopted in 1943.
Their blue kit colour was established right from the start with the first strip a dark blue shirt with a white sash and white shorts.
Several variations were worn but the royal blue stuck and has been the club's main kit colour for well over 100 years.
Blues' most famous achievement was lifting the League Cup at Wembley in 2011. They beat Arsenal 2-1 in the final, with Obafemi Martins scoring the winning goal after Robin van Persie's strike has cancelled out Nikola Zigic's opener.
That was the second time Blues lifted the trophy after their 1963 success. Blues have been FA Cup runners-up on two occasions and won the Second Division four times.
The club have spent most of their history bouncing between the top two divisions and in 1956 became the first English club side to take part in European competition.
Blues' home ground St Andrew's has a capacity of 29,409.
Erin Rae and the Meanwhiles brings their UK tour to Bedford this weekend.
Fronted by the Tennessee born Rae, the band walk the line between old-school folk and modern Americana.
It's music that breathes, filled with pedal steel, vocal harmonies, acoustic guitar, bright bursts of melody and plenty of space.
The group recorded their full-length debut, Soon Enough, in 2015 and Rae's new single Like The First Time is out now.
Erin Rae & The Meanwhiles headline the Ents Shed at the Gordon Arms in Bedford on Saturday, June 17. Support is by Luke Tuchscherer.
Doors open at 8pm, tickets cost £12 before fees.
For more information, visit www.wegottickets.com and www.erinraemusic.com.
This juried art exhibition encourages a greater understanding and appreciation of the unique California islands in association with the symposium. The display features original paintings, watercolors, and pen-and-ink drawings that reflect the beauty of the islands. First place went to an acrylic painting by Marcia Burtt that depicts Prisoners Harbor on Santa Cruz Island. Nicole Strasburg won second place with a gouache etching of Scorpion Valley on Santa Cruz Island. Third place winner Estelle DeRidder used colored pencil to illustrate a native toyon plant and native wildlife. An honorable mention was awarded to Mitsuko Schultz for their watercolor of a California sycamore. For more information about the Santa Barbara Botanic Garden, please visit www.sbbg.org .
The exhibit at the Garden's Pritzlaff Conservation Center explores creative practices at the intersection of art and science. Art captures our natural world through the senses and emotion, aesthetically expressing both the visible and invisible wonders before us.
As part of the 9th California Island Symposium , the Island Art Exhibition is on display at the Santa Barbara Botanic Garden, 1212 Mission Canyon Road, through Nov. 6.
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers.
Here's how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic.
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it.
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered.
Thanks for asking!
Click Here to Get Started >
The Minister of State for Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire, has commissioned Community Health Care Centreat the National Tuberculosis and Leprosy Training Centre and Referral Hospital, Saye- Zaria, Kaduna State.
The facility was initially designed to provide training and medical services to TB, TB/HIV, Leprosy and Buruli Ulcer patients across the country.
The latest development enables commencement of provision of basic health care services to the community and its environs.
Speaking during the commissioning, Ehanire said its creation was in line with the administration's commitment to provide healthcare services to all Nigerians.
“Today's event is a milestone in government plan to upgrade the health system and make healthcare accessible to Nigerians, at least one fully functional Primary Healthcare Centre in every ward.
“I want to congratulate Saye community who are beneficiaries of this Health Care Centre and other services this referral hospital offers. I would like to charge the community leaders present here today to own this PHC, it is primarily for your benefit and you have to ensure it serves you well”, Ehanire stated.
In their separate remarks, the Emir of Zazzau, Shehu Idris represented by the Pagashin Zazzau, Umar Muhamed and the Iyan Zazzau (Chairman Friend of Leprosy Committee), Bashir Aminu, both expressed delight for the commissioning of the PHC in the community.
Earlier, the Principal of the National TB and Leprosy Training Centre and Referral Hospital, Dr. labaran Shehu said the Community Healthcare Centre would help in reducing maternal and childhood dead caused by preventable diseases.
Shehu added that the PHC would provide basic healthcare services, and free antenatal care and delivery to the community.
Ehanire had earlier inspected the facilities at the National TB and Leprosy Training Centre and Referral Hospital and also commissioned Chemistry and Hematology laboratory at the Centre.
They also inspected National External Quality Assurance Laboratory, an institution responsible for quality assurance of test kits before releasing it to Nigerian market. It is managed by the Institute of Human Virology.
As we know, the checklist is lengthy for building an exceptional college application. SAT scores, AP classes, high grades, extracurricular activities and sports are all part of the presentation. Although, an application would not be complete without community service hours.
DoSomething.org is an organization that helps teens take action on causes for which they care about. It released a survey reporting that admission counselors place a high value on a student's long-term commitment to a cause or organization: “Consistency is the new trend.” “Students who support one cause over time show commitment and perseverance.”
It is a good idea to have your child's community service hours reinforce their or their interests. If your child is an athlete, get involved in the Special Olympics. If teaching is a consideration, volunteer as an aide for a teacher. If your child is interested in medicine, spend time at a hospital.
Volunteering is the ideal vehicle for demonstrating a student's passion, talents and goals. College admission officers and merit scholarships will look for the positive aspects of a student's character and the value they will bring to the college community and society.
When completing your college application, keep these few tips in mind:
» Everything you do makes a difference. Whether it's fundraising or hands-on volunteering, the important thing is to show why you chose that organization or type of work.
» If you have an eclectic résumé of volunteering, consider dedicating the essay to explain how all them actually fit together under one larger theme such as “poverty” or “human rights.”
» Get personal and focus on how you changed as a result of your experiences, rather than just outlining what you did, how many hours, etc.
Colleges want to see well-rounded applicants who take their studies seriously, show a passion for interests and can manage time efficiently. Ideally, community service will be part of a student's college and life strategy as early as ninth grade. It is wise to select your volunteer strategy as deliberately as choosing one's classes.
Community service experience within your application is necessary to build a great application. Your child's personality traits such as consistency, responsibility, passion and character should shine through. In addition to all the good outcome from volunteering, your child may even learn more about their or their future career direction.
Ask a Tutor runs biweekly. Any subject, any grade: What is your question for a tutor? Email .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
— Rae Largura is president of Leading Edge Tutors. The opinions expressed are them own.
Republicans represent 23 congressional districts that Democrat Hillary Clinton won in 2016. Thirteen of those Republicans are banding together to push their own plan to force action on immigration.
It's probably going nowhere, meaning the plan's purpose is to help protect these vulnerable GOP lawmakers politically as Republicans and Democrats remain stuck over how to tackle immigration issues.
Darrell West, vice president of governance studies at the Brookings Institution, a nonpartisan think tank, said Republicans are simply giving themselves political cover.
“They can say they made an effort, then blame Congress as a whole for not taking action,” West said.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
The vulnerable Republicans' plan, introduced by Rep. Jeff Denham, R-Calif., with 38 other Republicans Monday, would have the House consider a series of immigration bills.
Two of the bills – the DREAM Act and the USA Act – have been backed by both Democrats and Republicans.
The USA Act provides a path to legal citizenship for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals recipients while also providing more for immigration enforcement policies. The DREAM Act provides a path to legal citizenship without increased immigration enforcement.
DACA is an Obama-era program that allows people who entered the country illegally as minors to remain, work and study in the country legally. President Donald Trump announced plans to phase out the program in September.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 169 Russias Election: More Charade Than Race Pause 118 Students nationwide walk out of class for the #NationalSchoolWalkout 104 Their son was kicked off the bus for bullying - so dad made them run to school instead 259 State worker: 'I've been threatened, propositioned … it's really scary as a single parent' 115 Women's March 2018 brings thousands back to Olympia 55 Olympia Indivisible shares the reasons why it opposes the GOP tax reform 1164 Heres what Jay Inslee has to say over beers | Capitol Happy Hour 184 Inslee wants to roll back property tax changes they signed into law as part of schools fix 117 Legislatures expected to end session without a capital budget or water-rights deal 160 What's more dangerous than a drunk driver? You, on your phone Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
President Trump outlined their immigration plan during their first State of the Union. Congress is set to take up immigration and DACA legislation before the next government shutdown deadline on Feb. 8. The White House
They gave Congress a March 5 deadline to pass legislation aimed at resolving the issue, but court rulings have continued the young immigrants' protected status for now.
The Securing America's Future Act has no Democratic cosponsors and includes border wall funding, significant cuts to paths to legal immigration and no pathway to permanent citizenship for DACA recipients.
Under House rules, whichever bill wins a majority and receives the highest number of votes in the package would be considered passed and move on to the Senate.
“We have several viable solutions stuck in committee, unable to advance for debate and amendment,” Denham said. “The gridlock simply cannot continue.”
Sponsors in Clinton-won districts include Denham, Reps. David Valadao, R-Calif., Will Hurd, R-Texas, Carlos Curbelo, R-Fla., Dana Rohrabacher, R-Calif., and Stephen Knight, R-Calif. Reps. Darrell Issa, R-Calif., and Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, R-Fla., also signed on but are retiring in 2018.
Many also have large Latino populations. Denham's district is 40 percent Latino, Valadao's is 71 percent and Curbelo's is 74 percent.
The White House and Democrats have been trying, unsuccessfully, to find common ground. The effort by the vulnerable Republicans to use little-known actions to force their own leadership to consider immigration legislation is yet another indicator of the ongoing deadlock.
“Quite frankly, we now are in a situation where leadership is going to have to show leadership and do that which has not been happening on immigration,” Issa said. “And my guess is leadership likes what's not happening. I hope I'm wrong.”
House Speaker Paul Ryan's office did not return a request for comment.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., said there “might be an opportunity” with that proposal, but still didn't see reasons for Democrats to cooperate.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 169 Russias Election: More Charade Than Race Pause 118 Students nationwide walk out of class for the #NationalSchoolWalkout 104 Their son was kicked off the bus for bullying - so dad made them run to school instead 259 State worker: 'I've been threatened, propositioned … it's really scary as a single parent' 115 Women's March 2018 brings thousands back to Olympia 55 Olympia Indivisible shares the reasons why it opposes the GOP tax reform 1164 Heres what Jay Inslee has to say over beers | Capitol Happy Hour 184 Inslee wants to roll back property tax changes they signed into law as part of schools fix 117 Legislatures expected to end session without a capital budget or water-rights deal 160 What's more dangerous than a drunk driver? You, on your phone Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi set the record for the longest House floor speech Wednesday. They spoke for more than six hours to oppose the budget deal because the plan doesn't include a permanent solution for undocumented immigrants affected by the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. AP
“There's not a whole lot of reasons to negotiate, to do anything that is not already covered by the court decision,” Pelosi said, referencing a ruling by the federal Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that allow new DACA applications to be accepted indefinitely.
“I mean, should we give a border wall for nothing? No, I don't think so,” they added.
Rep. John Yarmuth, D-Ky., the top Democrat on the House Budget Committee, said Republicans did not have the votes needed without Democrats, and Democrats were unlikely to make a push right now.
They cited past failures, including the government shutdown stemming from a Democratic push for DACA action in January and an unwillingness to act when the courts had given “some breathing room, probably nine to 12 months.”
McClatchy Washington Bureau reporter Lesley Clark contributed to this report.
Ngāti Kahungunu Iwi and Craggy Range have this morning signed an agreement to work together to build an alternative track up Te Mata peak for the community to enjoy.
After months of controversy over the zig-zag track that was built by Craggy Range in December last year, the two parties said they were looking forward to working together to develop the land.
Ngāti Kahungunu chairperson Ngahiwi Tomoana, Craggy Range winery director Mary-Jeanne Hutchinson and Craggy Range chief executive Michael Wilding this morning announced the two parties had jointly bought 28ha on the eastern face of the peak off the Drabble family that included the current walking track.
Wilding said the current track would be closed and in conjunction with mana whenua a cultural impact study would be conducted to identify sites of significance that would guide where an alternative track would be built.
Advertisement
"This has been done with the support of the Wilding, Lowe and McHardy families.
"Now we own the ridgeline we can expand the walk along there assuming's no areas of cultural significance," Wilding said.
"It will be a longer but more culturally sensitive walk," said Hutchinson.
The new track would recognise and protect areas of cultural significance and aesthetic value, would recognise mana whenua as kaitiakitanga of hapu and iwi, retain recreational access for all.
The partners to the agreement said a new track would enable Ngāti Kahunungu to tell the stories of the seven faces of Te Mata and Rongokako, the history of the land and other sites of cultural significance.
"There's very little knowledge about the cultural history of that area - we will work alongside each other to ensure the historical stories will be told so people that do visit will also know the history from the many perspectives of the different marae who each tell a different story about Te Mata and Rongokako," said Tomoana.
Wilding said the land would be purchased in a trust, the benefactors of which would be Ngāti Kahungunu and the Hawke's Bay community.
The aim was to close off the existing track and start working on the new one as soon as possible.
The newly purchased land would also allow a new safe carpark to be built where at the bottom of the current track, able to accommodate 25 vehicles.
"While no one wants to go through this process again, we believe out of this adversity we all have a better understanding of each other's view and are actually delivering a better solution for the whole community," the partners said.
All parties would be meeting at the track tomorrow morning for a karakia.
The Lagos State Police Command on Monday said it had arrested 30 suspects for carrying out alleged jungle justice on the suspects arrested at the various kidnappers' den in the state.
The various sites marked as kidnappers' den were discovered at Ajala, along the Lagos/Abeokuta Expressway on Aug. 8, and at Ile-Zik at Ikeja on Aug. 9 where two persons were set ablaze.
The Commissioner of Police, Lagos State Command, Mr Fatai Owoseni, confirmed the arrest of the suspects.
They said that they were arrested at Ile-Zik and Ajala following appeals by the police from the command to them to disperse from the scenes but they refused.
Owoseni added that they also appealed to the suspects that attacked and injured security agents carrying out their official duties to stop the act, but refused.
“We have in our custody 30 suspects that were picked from these places and they will be arraigned today, Monday, for disturbing public peace and attacking police officers on duty.
“It will no longer be bark alone now, but we will also bite.
“As we arraign the suspects, we are emphasizing that security agencies will no longer fold their arms and let the people turn the command to a lawless place.
“We are also appealing to residents that anytime they observe any suspicious movements or identify locations as a place for criminal purpose, please report to security agencies.
“We assure members of the public that complaints of no response and late response from emergency numbers will be addressed.
“You can also reach senior police officers through distributed numbers.
“We will ensure that any suspect on whom information is given will be investigated diligently and prosecuted with good evidence, “he said.
The CP, however, appealed to members of the public that the police needed vital evidence for successful prosecution.
“We need vital evidence and witnesses to testify like they did in the case of Ajala.
“Anyone that has been a victim of rape or any attack should please show up so that we can put the evidence together for a successful prosecution,” they said.
A redeveloped retail and office investment on Meath Street in Dublin 8 goes on the market today for more than €3.75 million, which will show a gross yield of 5.45 per cent. Joint agents QRE and Kelly Walsh estimate the return will increase to about 7.6 per cent when two further retail units are let on the ground floor.
The upgraded landmark building on the Bull Ring has a prominent profile in the heart of the Liberties in the south inner city. The Bull Ring has undergone extensive redevelopment since it was acquired in 2016 to provide a three-storey, mixed-use property with three self-contained commercial units on the ground floor and two floors of offices overhead.
The ground floor units range from 102sq m to 119sq m and the office space extends to 594sq m. The overall footprint is 917sq m (9,870sq ft).
One of the three-ground floor retail units is occupied by Tasty 8, a trendy cafe on a 10-year lease from 2017 at an annual rent of €36,000. The offices are let to EDI Factory Ltd, trading as Celtrino, for a term of 15 years at an annual rent of €168,500. There is obvious scope to let the two further ground floor units at a rent of a further €80,500.
The Liberties benefit from a number of tourist attractions such as Teelings Whiskey Distillery, Christchurch Cathedral and the nearby Guinness Storehouse.
The investigating Santa Barbara police officer in a vehicular manslaughter case testified in court Friday during the trial of two men accused of participating in a motorcycle speed contest in Mission Canyon.
Raul Ibarra, 24, died March 2 after colliding with a sport utility vehicle on Foothill Road while riding a motorcycle with two friends, Francisco Rodriguez, 23, and Jonathon Alvarez-Leon, 24.
Prosecutor Sanford Horowitz questioned Officer Jaycee Hunter about the investigation, including the accident reconstruction.
Hunter calculated the speed each motorcyclist was traveling with a security camera video, which had footage from two to three seconds before the collision, they said.
Through witness statements and interviews, authorities believe Rodriguez was traveling in front, followed by Ibarra and then Alvarez.
After Ibarra hit the vehicle, Alvarez went into a 128-foot slide and off the same embankment Ibarra went down, near the Santa Barbara Tennis Club in the 2300 block of Foothill Road, according to testimony.
Hunter testified that Alvarez's minimum speed going into the skid was 58 mph.
They also calculated the speeds of each motorcycle seen in the security video footage, which appeared briefly about one second apart from one another.
At that point, 313 feet away from the area of impact for the collision, Hunter testified that the first motorcycle was traveling 74 mph, the second was traveling 69 mph, and the third was going 67 mph.
The bikes were going too fast to visually recognize any of the vehicles, Hunter said, and defense attorneys asked them to provide a foundation for saying these bikes were those of Rodriguez, Ibarra and Alvarez.
The time stamp on the video — just after 1 p.m. Saturday, March 2 — and presence of witness Christian Schoenhoff in the footage show that it's those three motorcyclists, Hunter said.
Schoenhoff is expected to testify about seeing three motorcycles go by quickly and then the accident aftermath.
Defense attorneys Ron Bamieh, representing Rodriguez, and deputy public defender Christine Voss plan to cross-examine Hunter for about a day each next week.
Santa Barbara County Superior Court Judge Jean Dandona will also hear arguments on a motion to dismiss Monday morning when the trial testimony is scheduled to continue.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Next month's Twelfth celebrations in Co Fermanagh will be broadcast live on the BBC, it has been confirmed.
The sight, sound and colour of the Lisbellaw parade will be showcased to a wider audience, in a first for Orangeism in the lakeland county.
To facilitate the outside broadcast, Co Fermanagh Grand Orange Lodge are embarking on a major logistical exercise by moving the start time of the traditional main parade forward by over 90 minutes to meet requirements.
The Lisbellaw procession will feature this year alongside the usual live BBC Northern Ireland coverage of the Twelfth parade in Belfast.
County Grand Master Stuart Brooker said the Institution in Fermanagh was “delighted” to receive such recognition.
“This is a tremendous coup not only for Fermanagh Orangeism, but also Lisbellaw and the west generally,” they said.
“We are very proud to host what is regarded as one of the most family-friendly Twelfth demonstrations and are overjoyed that the unique atmosphere of the Fermanagh parade will now be made available to a wider audience.
“I have no doubt viewers from across Northern Ireland and beyond will be impressed by the pageantry and colour of the procession, its ambience, as well as the outstanding calibre of music provided by our many marching bands.”
Mr Brooker said planning is at an advanced stage regarding arrangements for the earlier Twelfth demonstration. The main parade will commence at 10.45am, rather than the traditional 12.30pm.
They added: “Although it will be a step change for our membership, band members and spectators, we are more than confident we will deliver on the day.”
Lisbellaw District Master Jim Gamble said: “As the host district this year, we are thrilled the BBC will be broadcasting live from the village. The organising committee is looking forward to a truly memorable day.”
Around 90 lodges and 70 bands, including the border counties, will step out in Lisbellaw for one of the larger demonstrations across the Province.
A total of 17 other Twelfth parades will be held in Richhill; Belfast; Cookstown; Beragh; Clogher; Coleraine; Kilrea; Hillsborough; Bangor; Ballynahinch; Banbridge; Annalong; Cloughfern; Broughshane; Ballymena; Cullybackey and Cloughmills.
The demonstrations will follow the traditional Rossnowlagh parade held in the Republic on the preceding weekend. This year the annual Donegal procession takes place on Saturday July 8.
The Fermanagh Twelfth will be live on BBC One Northern Ireland from 11am on Wednesday July 12.
Beirut: The Syrian government said on Monday it was ready to agree prisoner swaps with rebel groups, a potential confidence-building measure as the United Nations prepares to convene new peace talks.
The Syrian opposition has long demanded a release of detainees held by the government as one of several humanitarian actions they say must take place ahead of any negotiations over Syria's political future.
The government was “always ready” to exchange prisoners in its jails for people “kidnapped by terrorist groups”, Syrian state media cited an official source as saying.
A rebel official told Reuters the demand had been raised during indirect talks with the government in the Kazakh capital of Astana. A second rebel official however dismissed the official statement as a ruse, saying the number of detainees held by Damascus vastly outnumbered the few held by rebels.
The next round of UN-sponsored peace talks are due to be held in Geneva next week, part of a new diplomatic effort backed by Russia and Turkey to end a war that has killed hundreds of thousands of people.
Syrian government and rebel delegations held indirect talks in Astana last month in a parallel effort to shore up a ceasefire brokered by Turkey and Russia.
Kazakhstan says it has invited Syrian government and rebel delegations to further meetings in Astana on Feb. 15-16. The rebel side has yet to say whether they will attend.
Monday's state media report said the Syrian government was always ready to exchange prisoners, “particularly in the framework of efforts made for the coming Astana meeting”.
Asked about the report, the first rebel official said any breakthrough would depend on Russian pressure on the government.
Moscow is President Bashar Al Assad's most powerful ally.
“If the Russians apply pressure in the next two days, something may happen,” said the first rebel official, speaking on condition of anonymity.
The second rebel official however said the government was not serious about releasing detainees, saying it appeared to be trying to present a cooperative face ahead of the Geneva talks.
“It is a political game,” said the official.
This month, in a rare move, the Syrian government and rebel groups swapped dozens of women prisoners and hostages, some of them with their children, in Hama province in northwestern Syria.
Amnesty International said in a report this month that the government had executed up to 13,000 prisoners in mass hangings at a military jail near Damascus. The Syrian justice ministry called the report “devoid of truth”.
The main Syrian opposition body on Sunday approved its delegation to the Geneva talks that are due to start on February 20. UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres praised the opposition for approving the delegation.
The talks “are a first step for serious progress in finding a transition that allows for a political solution in which all Syrians feel represented,” they said.
Joint intelligence led operation, dubbed Operation Zonke was conducted at Mashau Bodwe village in the Makhado Cluster this weekend comprising of various Police Units focusing on drug related and Trio crimes.
In the Seshego Cluster, a joint intelligence driven operation dubbed Operation Cease Fire was conducted comprising of various Police Units focusing on incidents of burglary business.
During the operation, one suspect was arrested at Bloodriver village and the following property was recovered.
One laptop, various groceries, one 7.65 firearm and one magazine.
The arrested suspect in these operations, will appear in Court soon.
South Africa Today – South Africa News
Glue laminated timber is an innovative construction material. It is manufactured by joining pieces of lumber with moisture-resistant adhesives to create longer lengths. The lumber used for manufacturing glue laminated timber is special grade, which is directly purchased from lumber mills. Glue laminated timber, also known as ‘glulam,' is flexible from straight beams to complex curve members. It is available in different sizes and colors. It is often known for its esthetic looks and strength. Advantages of glue laminated timber are high load carrying capacity with low density, easy to work with simple tools, high thermal insulation properties, fast construction, and availability of large span lengths. The general manufacturing process of glue laminated timber is as follows: woodworking, drying, sawing, lining, gluing, vertical saw, inspection, and product packaging.
The global glue laminated timber market can be segmented in terms of shape, end-use, application, and region. Based on shape, the glue laminated timber market can be classified into straight, cambered, and custom. Straight shapes are mostly used as columns, supports, and roof trusses. Curved shapes are primarily employed as ceiling and roof trusses. Custom shapes are used for special designs where attractive designs are needed. The straight segment holds major share of the market due to its wide variety. In terms of end-use, the glue laminated timber market can be segregated into roof truss, support & columns, furniture, stairs, and ceiling structures. Under the furniture segment, glue laminated timber is used for making drawer panels, cabinet doors, armrest, coffee table, sofa, etc. The support & column end-use segment accounts for key share of the market due to its wide use in residential and commercial applications.
In terms of application, the glue laminated timber market can be divided into residential, commercial, and industrial. The residential segment can be sub-segmented into detachable houses and multi-story building. The commercial application segment can be sub-segmented into sports halls & leisure buildings, public and administrative buildings, agriculture buildings, and others. Demand for glue laminated in wood-based homes is high in developed countries. The residential segment is estimated to account for major share of the market, followed by the commercial segment, during the forecast period. The industrial segment is projected to expand at a sluggish pace due to the low usage.
In terms of region, the global glue laminated timber market can be split into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. The number of glue laminated timber made homes is rising at a significant rate in North America and Europe due to the ease of construction and esthetic looks. Asia Pacific is expected to be a lucrative region of the glue laminated timber market owing to the expansion of the construction sector in the region.
High degree of engineering efficiency, superior structural performance, esthetic designs, and design flexibility are likely to boost the glue laminated timber market in the near future. However, easy deformation, cracking of wood, and high cost may hamper the glue laminated timber market.
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=43043
Key players operating in the global glue laminated timber market include Structurlam Products Ltd, Setra Group AB, Canfor, Schilliger Holz AG, Binderholz GmbH, Calvert Co., Inc., Meiken Lamwood Corp, Eugen Decker Holez Industrie Kg, and Pfeifer Holding GmbH.
About us:
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations.
Contact us:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website:http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
FREETOWN: At least 312 people were killed and more than 2,000 left homeless on Monday when heavy flooding hit Sierra Leone's capital of Freetown, leaving excavators to pull bodies from rubble and overwhelming the city's morgues.
An AFP journalist saw several homes submerged in Regent village, a hilltop community, and corpses floating in the water in the Lumley West area of the city, as the president assured emergency services were doing all they could to tackle one of the worst natural disasters ever to hit the city.
Red Cross spokesperson Patrick Massaquoi told AFP the death toll was 312 but could rise further as their team continued to survey disaster areas in Freetown and tally the number of dead.
Sierra Leone is one of the poorest countries in the world, according to UN indicators.
“I counted over 300 bodies and more are coming,” Mohamed Sinneh, a morgue technician at Freetown's Connaught Hospital, told AFP, having earlier described an “overwhelming number of dead” at the facility leaving no space to lay out every body.
Many more of the dead were taken to private morgues, Sinneh said.
President Ernest Bai Koroma said in an address to the nation broadcast on television late Monday that an emergency response centre had been established at Regent, the worst-affected area.
They appealed for unity from a nation still struggling with the legacy of Ebola and a long civil war.
“Our nation has once again been gripped by grief. Many of our compatriots have lost their lives, many more have been gravely injured and billions of Leones' worth of property destroyed in the flooding and landslides that swept across some parts of our city,” they said.
“Every single family, every single ethnic group, every single region is either directly or indirectly affected by this disaster,” Koroma said.
They announced that centres would be set up across the city to register those made homeless and praised the military, police and Red Cross volunteers, deployed in an all-out effort to locate those trapped.
No warning
Images obtained by AFP showed ferocious, churning dark-orange mud coursing down a steep street in the capital, while videos posted by local residents showed people waist- or chest-deep in water trying to cross the road.
The Sierra Leone meteorological department did not issue any warning ahead of the torrential rains to hasten evacuation from the disaster zones, AFP's correspondent based in Freetown said.
Fatmata Sesay, who lives on the hilltop area of Juba, said she, their three children and husband were awoken at 4:30 am by rain pounding on the mud house they occupy, which was by then submerged by water.
“I only managed to escape by climbing to the roof of the house when neighbours came in to rescue me,” they said.
“We have lost everything and we do not have a place to sleep,” they told AFP in tears.
Deputy Information Minister Cornelius Deveaux earlier confirmed Koroma had called a national emergency, and said their own boss, Information Minister Mohamed Bangura, was in hospital after being injured in the flooding.
Deveaux said “hundreds” of people had lost their lives and had properties damaged, and promised food and other assistance for the victims.
They called on the public to remain calm with rescue efforts underway.
The scale of the human cost of the floods only became clear on Monday afternoon, as images of battered corpses piled on top of each other circulated and residents spoke of their struggles to cope with the destruction and find their loved ones.
Meanwhile disaster management official Vandy Rogers said that “over 2,000 people are homeless,” hinting at the huge humanitarian effort that will be required to deal with the fallout of the flooding in one of Africa's poorest nations.
Freetown, an overcrowded coastal city of 1.2 million, is hit each year by flooding during several months of rain that destroys makeshift settlements and raises the risk of waterborne diseases such as cholera.
Rainy season not over
Sasha Ekanayake, Save the Children's Sierra Leone Country Director, said the immediate priority was to provide shelter and protect residents, especially children, from the spread of deadly waterborne diseases.
“We are still in the rainy season and must be prepared to respond in the event of further emergencies to come,” they said in a statement.
Flooding in the capital in 2015 killed 10 people and left thousands homeless.
Sierra Leone was one of the west African nations hit by an outbreak of the Ebola virus in 2014 that left more than 4,000 people dead in the country, and it has struggled to revive its economy since the crisis.
About 60 percent of people in Sierra Leone live below the national poverty line, according to the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
The country ranked 179th out of 188 countries on the UNDP's 2016 Human Development Index, a basket of data combining life expectancy, education and income and other factors. AFP
AFP/CC
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Base Station Antenna Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Tongyu, Comba, Mobi, Andrew, Shenglu.
The report begins with introducing the global Base Station Antenna market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Base Station Antenna report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-base-station-antenna-market/5896/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Base Station Antenna Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Antenna, Combiner, TMA.
Base Station Antenna Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Operate Communication, Others.
Key points in the Base Station Antenna Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-base-station-antenna-market/5896/#inquiry
From all of this Base Station Antenna market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Base Station Antenna market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Base Station Antenna distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
FILE- In this Nov. 9, 2017 file photo, a resident walks past a row of tiny houses at a homeless encampment in Seattle where full size homes stand behind. Seattle Mayor Jenny Durkan wants to move hundreds more homeless people into tiny homes, emergency shelters and other immediate housing in the next 90 days. Elaine Thompson, file AP Photo
MILWAUKEE (AP) — Federal prosecutors allege a Turkish business person helped illegally route Wisconsin-made outboard engines and boat generators to the Iranian navy.
Forty-year-old Resit Tavan of Istanbul appeared in U.S. District Court in Milwaukee Monday. Tavan was arrested in Romania in June on an international warrant.
Tavan, their Turkish company and a manager there are accused of conspiring to defraud the U.S. and to smuggle American-made products to Iran.
The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reports the indictment alleges they failed to obtain the special licenses needed to get around trade embargoes against Iran in place since 1995. Instead, the defendants allegedly negotiated the export of the engines and generators to Turkey, then re-exported them to Iran.
Advertisement
Tavan's attorney, Nejla Lane, told The Associated Press their client pleaded not guilty and will fight the charges.
The NFL made changes to kickoffs this offseason, eliminating wedges, making it impossible to return a kick from the end zone and defining exactly where players can line up.
It should change how kickoffs look.
Some have argued the NFL should simply get rid of kickoffs. Fans don't care an dthe safety risk is too great.
Arizona Cardinals special teams coordinator Jeff Rodgers is not among them. They have a solid pair of reasons why the game needs kickoffs.
“I'm old school,” Rodgers said, via AZCentral Sports' Kent Somers. “A puck drops in hockey. There is a tipoff in basketball. I'm glad it (the kickoff) is still a play in the game. How many guys come in the league and start on offense and defense right away? They get their feet wet in the kicking game. Being able to cover kickoffs, to tackle in space, to block, it's all offensive and defensive elements. If you don't have to keep a guy for that, maybe they don't have as many chances to improve offensively or defensively.”
To him, the kickoff is the ceremonious start point of the game. It also is a very good way to develop players. Imagine Cardinals safety Budda Baker and the work they did in kickoff coverage before they cracked the starting lineup.
Eliminating kickoffs would, in essence, affect many players' careers. These changes do in some ways, but also could make them more exciting.
Like the opening tip or puck drop in other sports, kickoffs are not a must-watch part of the game, but not every moment is. These changes allow for greater safety and still maintaining something that has always been the foot part of football.
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
SAVANNAH RIVER SITE, S.C. (WJBF) – Lawmakers believe the Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility at Savannah River Site would complement the pit production expansion if it were to come to the CSRA.
The MOX facility has been under construction for more than 10 years, but South Carolina Representative Joe Wilson confirms the facility is nearly 70 percent done.
The purpose of MOX is to convert nuclear weapon-grade plutonium into a safe fuel for nuclear power.
Local lawmakers are pushing to bring the plutonium pit production to SRS, passing local and state resolutions in support of the project.
Plutonium pits aid in detonation and haven't been mass-produced since 2011.
“I'm confident it would be complimentary,” Wilson said. “So one is not to replace the other. I know that we will be continuing to promote the Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility, it's what right for the American people.”
MOX supports the U.S. and Russian agreement to decommission 68 tons of surplus plutonium, which is enough to produce 17,000 nuclear weapons.
Decommissioning that much plutonium could power 4,500 homes for 3 years.
To learn more about MOX click here.
Count on WJBF NewsChannel 6 to bring you the latest on this developing story.
Two charged in connection with Lisle burglary
hello
Jawon Thomas of Lisle has been charged with residential burglary.
Tyler Croy of Lisle has been charged with residential burglary.
Two Lisle men have been charged with burglary and other offenses after police said they stole cellphones, automobile keys, purses, credit cards and other items from an apartment on the 5000 block of Burr Oak Road.
Charged in connection with the burglary are Tyler Croy, 25, and Jawon M. Thomas, 25, both of the same Lisle apartment complex where police say the crime occurred. Both were charged with residential burglary, possession/use of a stolen credit card and criminal trespass to a motor vehicle.
Croy, who was wanted for failure to appear on a warrant, also has been charged with DUI, driving an uninsured vehicle, improper lane use and driving with expired plates.
Police said they responded at 3:30 a.m. Sunday after residents reported the burglary.
They said they apprehended Croy and Thomas later that day as the men walked along Yackley Avenue. It appears all the stolen items have been recovered.
Both men were taken to DuPage County jail.
By James Law
North Korea has threatened to launch "merciless military strikes against the US aggressors" after its failed attempt to launch a missile at the weekend.
US President Donald Trump, meanwhile, has told reporters on the sidelines of the annual White House Easter Egg Roll that the rogue state has "gotta behave".
The isolated nation has trotted out three of its most senior officials overnight Australian time to amp up its war rhetoric against the US, according to news.com.au.
North Korea's deputy foreign minister, Sin Hong-chol, has told Al Jazeera that its army is on "maximum alert" after US Vice President Mike Pence visited the demilitarised zone between the two Koreas on Monday.
"The time of dictating orders by brandishing the US military might have gone," Mr Sin told the Qatar-based broadcaster.
The official made a passing swipe at Trump and their administration, referring to them not as the President but as a "business person".
"If those business people in power in the US thought of intimidating us by any military or sanction threats - as the [Barack] Obama administration used to do and failed - they will soon find out such threats are useless," Sin said.
"If we notice any sign of assault on our sovereignty, our army will launch merciless military strikes against the US aggressors, wherever they may exist, from the remote US lands to the American military bases on the Korean Peninsula, such as those of Japan and elsewhere."
Continued below.
Related Content UK sent £4 milion in aid to North Korea and has no plans to stop Kim Jong-un unveils menacing grenade launcher-wielding troops trained to defend them North Korea on the agenda as Foreign Affairs Minister Murray McCully heads to Hawaii
Trump has tried to use trade incentives to pressure China into doing more to stop North Korea's development of nuclear weapons, but Sin implied this tactic would not work.
"The nuclear weapon in our possession is not illusion; it is not a commodity that may be traded for American dollars, nor is it for sale. So it cannot be put on the negotiating table with the aim to rip it off," they said.
The country's deputy ambassador to the United Nations, Kim In Ryong, has called the US a "gangster" hellbent on "disturbing peace and stability".
They accused the Trump administration of turning the Korean peninsula into "the world's biggest hotspot" and creating "a dangerous situation in which a thermonuclear war may break out at any moment".
"If the United States dares opt for a military action ... the DPRK [Democratic People's Republic of Korea] is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the Americans," Kim told a news conference at the UN headquarters in New York.
"We will take the toughest counteraction against the provocateurs."
They said North Korea was acting in self defence and would respond to any threat of nuclear weapons or intercontinental ballistic missiles "in kind".
North Korea's vice foreign minister has also maintained the threatening language, telling the BBC there would be "all-out war" if the US took military action.
"We'll be conducting more missile tests on a weekly, monthly and yearly basis," Han Song-Ryol said.
Trump's remark that North Korea has "gotta behave" was made off the cuff on Monday when they were asked whether they had any message for North Korea or its leader, Kim Jong-un.
Their comment comes after a tense weekend on the Korean Peninsula where the North celebrated the 105th birthday of its founding father, Kim Il-sung, with an elaborate military parade on Saturday that showed off its growing missile arsenal.
The triumphant procession, intended to show off the nation's military might, was followed by a major embarrassment for the current leader.
A ballistic missile test launched near a submarine base on the country's east coast failed seconds after lift-off Sunday morning.
The US provoked North Korea's ire when it sent a naval strike group, including aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson and three guided-missile destroyers, to the region ahead of the anniversary, which is one of the biggest days on the country's calendar.
Pence visited the South Korean capital Seoul on Monday as part of a tour of Asia, where they warned the North not to test the resolve of the US President on military matters.
"The world witnessed the strength and resolve of our new president in actions taken in Syria and Afghanistan," the US Vice President said.
"North Korea would do well not to test their resolve or the strength of the armed forces of the United States in the region."
They said "all options are on the table" in response to North Korea and that the "era of strategic patience is over".
Two North Korean soldiers watched Mr Pence closely as they visited the demilitarised zone on Monday, with one taking photographs of the visiting leader.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said Trump would not draw "red lines" over North Korea and they would continue to play their cards "close to their vest" in terms of their military strategy.
"The action that they took in Syria showed, when appropriate, this President will take decisive action," Spicer said, in reference to Trump's missile attack in April in retaliation to the Middle Eastern nation's use of chemical weapons against its own people.
Spicer also praised China for its "historic" decision to take a "much more active role" against North Korea through economic actions.
"I don't think there's anybody in the world who would not believe that North Korea's actions are both provocative and a concern," Spicer told reporters Monday afternoon.
The tension between the US and North Korea is like "the Cuban missile crisis in slow motion", international security expert Robert Litwak told The New York Times.
Pence will visit Australia on Saturday as part of their tour of Asia.
- news.com.au
NEW YORK (AP) — New York's Empire State Building has gone dark to honor the victims of the deadly van attack in Toronto.
The lights atop the world famous tower in midtown Manhattan were darkened on Tuesday night.
A van plowed into pedestrians on a Toronto sidewalk on Monday, killing 10 people and injuring 15 others.
The driver, 25-year-old Alek Minassian, has been charged with multiple counts of first-degree murder and attempted murder.
TEMPE, Ariz. (AP) — A fatal pedestrian crash involving a self-driving Uber SUV in a Phoenix suburb could have far-reaching consequences for the new technology as automakers and other companies race to be the first with cars that operate on their own.
The crash Sunday night in Tempe was the first death involving a full autonomous test vehicle. The Volvo was in self-driving mode with a human backup driver at the wheel when it struck 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg as they were walking a bicycle outside the lines of a crosswalk in Tempe, police said.
Uber immediately suspended all road-testing of such autos in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto. The ride-sharing company has been testing self-driving vehicles for months as it competes with other technology companies and automakers like Ford and General Motors.
Though many in the industries had been dreading a fatal crash they knew it was inevitable.
Advertisement
Tempe police Sgt. Ronald Elcock said local authorities haven't determined fault but urged people to use crosswalks. They told reporters at a news conference Monday the Uber vehicle was traveling around 40 mph when it hit Helzberg immediately as they stepped on to the street.
Neither they nor the backup driver showed signs of impairment, they said.
"The pedestrian was outside of the crosswalk, so it was midblock," Elcock said. "And as soon as they walked into the lane of traffic, they were struck by the vehicle."
The National Transportation Safety Board, which makes recommendations for preventing crashes, and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, which can enact regulations, sent investigators.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on their Twitter account and said the company is cooperating with investigators.
The public's image of the vehicles will be defined by stories like the crash in Tempe, said Bryant Walker Smith, a University of South Carolina law professor who studies self-driving vehicles. It may turn out that there was nothing either the vehicle or its human backup could have done to avoid the crash, they said.
Either way, the fatality could hurt the technology's image and lead to a push for more regulations at the state and federal levels, Smith said.
Autonomous vehicles with laser, radar and camera sensors and sophisticated computers have been billed as the way to reduce the more than 40,000 traffic deaths a year in the U.S. alone. Ninety-four percent of crashes are caused by human error, the government says.
Self-driving vehicles don't drive drunk, don't get sleepy and aren't easily distracted. But they do have faults.
"We should be concerned about automated driving," Smith said. "We should be terrified about human driving."
In 2016, the latest year available, more than 6,000 U.S. pedestrians were killed by vehicles.
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
Many states, including Michigan and Arizona, have taken a largely hands-off approach, hoping to gain jobs from the new technology, while California and others have taken a harder line.
California is among states that require manufacturers to report any incidents during the testing phase. As of early March, the state's motor vehicle agency had received 59 such reports.
Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey used light regulations to entice Uber to the state after the company had a shaky rollout of test cars in San Francisco. Arizona has no reporting requirements. Hundreds of vehicles with automated driving systems have been on Arizona's roads.
Ducey's office expressed sympathy for Herzberg's family and said safety is the top priority.
The crash in Arizona isn't the first involving an Uber autonomous test vehicle. In March 2017, an Uber SUV flipped onto its side, also in Tempe. No serious injuries were reported, and the driver of the other car was cited for a violation.
Herzberg's death is the first involving an autonomous test vehicle but not the first in a car with some self-driving features. The driver of a Tesla Model S was killed in 2016 when their car, operating on its Autopilot system, crashed into a tractor-trailer in Florida.
The NTSB said that driver inattention was to blame but that design limitations with the system played a major role in the crash.
The U.S. Transportation Department is considering further voluntary guidelines that it says would help foster innovation. Proposals also are pending in Congress, including one that would stop states from regulating autonomous vehicles, Smith said.
Peter Kurdock, director of regulatory affairs for Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety in Washington, said the group sent a letter Monday to Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao saying it is concerned about a lack of action and oversight by the department as autonomous vehicles are developed. That letter was planned before the crash.
Kurdock said the deadly accident should serve as a "startling reminder" to members of Congress that they need to "think through all the issues to put together the best bill they can to hopefully prevent more of these tragedies from occurring."
___
Krisher reported from Detroit. Susan Montoya Bryan in Albuquerque, New Mexico; and Felicia Fonseca in Flagstaff, Arizona, contributed to this story.
Let us entertain you! We use cookies to ensure we can continue to deliver a personalised service, just for you. This is why we and our trusted Commerce Partners use 'cookies' to remember and store information about how you use our site.
If you would like to find out more, please read our updated Cookies Policy. You can also find more information in our updated Privacy Policy.
BEIJING: China increased its steelmaking capacity last year by more than twice Britain's annual output, a report said Monday, despite repeated pledges to cut huge excess in the sector.
China makes more than half the world's steel but a slowdown in its economy and sagging global demand has left the industry with massive excess capacity.
It has been accused of dumping its production on world markets, depressing prices and violating international trade agreements.
Throughout 2016, authorities vowed to tackle excess production through consolidation and shutting idle or inefficient factories.
But while some steel capacity was cut, this was more than offset by China's opening of new factories or restarting of idle plants, according to a report by steel consultancy Custeel and Greenpeace East Asia.
It said China's operating steelmaking capacity increased by 36.5 million tonnes in 2016 — more than twice as much as the total production capacity of Britain.
Eighty per cent of this increase occurred in three provinces bordering Beijing, causing air pollution to spike in the capital at the end of the year and early 2017, it added.
Steelmaking is the country's second largest emitter of air pollution, the report said.
Nearly three-quarters of plants affected by China's capacity cuts in 2016 were already idle. Instead of shutting down firms, local officials manoeuvred to “shield zombie steel mills and minimise the impact of the policies” on cutting capacity, said Lauri Myllyvirta, Greenpeace global coal campaigner.
Despite an agreement for Beijing to address steel overcapacity reached at September's G20 meeting in Hangzhou, China's trade partners have accused it of dumping the metal on markets in violation of trade rules.
Earlier this month the US Department of Commerce imposed hefty tariffs on certain Chinese steel imports, with duties ranging from 63 per cent to 190 per cent on Chinese exporters accused of selling their products at below fair value or of being unfairly subsidised.
In January the European Union unveiled taxes of between 30.7 per cent and 64.9 per cent on certain Chinese steel products as it seeks to protect struggling steelmakers in Europe.
China must target cuts on operating steel factories and not on idle ones, the Custeel report said, noting that more than 20 million tonnes of new capacity is already due to come online.
Factories should be demolished and not sealed up to prevent their reopening in the future, it said.
OTTAWA — The Competition Bureau says its new interim commissioner will be former assistant crown attorney Matthew Boswell.
Boswell succeeds John Pecman, who was the first bureau staffer and non-lawyer to hold the commissioner title.
Boswell joined the Competition Bureau in 2011 and has been senior deputy commissioner since September 2012.
They previously served as senior litigation counsel for the Ontario Securities Commission's enforcement branch.
Find the latest updates as soon as they come to hand in one place here, as 1 NEWS provides rolling updates of important information and releases.
2:25am: A Facebook page has been created for those wishing to offer housing to fire evacuaees. You can click on it here, at Evacuation housing.
2:17am: The Canterbury Police Communications centre report they've called in an extra 37 officers to work overnight. In total around 60 officers will be out about in Christchurch helping, as fire threatens homes in the Cashmere hills above Christchurch. The officers are involved with manning cordons, notifying residents of evacuations and carrying out reassurance patrols in area where people have been evacuated.
2:00am: In addition to rural Fire Service staff, a group of 86 made up of 50 Police and 36 NZDF members are working overnight on the fire response doing evacuations and reassuring people who have been impacted. Police will knock on doors and call phones of properties where people need to evacuate, but if people are feeling unsafe, the advice is to leave.
1.38am: Once again, police are advising rubberneckers to go home if they are safe, amid reports of hundreds of Christchurch locals in places they shouldn't be, watching the fire.
1.20am: The fire service has told 1 News they are working hard to contain a large fire which has already destroyed 7 properties in the Cashmere Hills above Christchurch.
The fire, which is a merging of the Marley Hill and Early Valley, fires is now burning over and area estimated to be around 1850 hectares.
Southern Fire communications centre shift Manager Riwai Grace says they currently have 39 fire appliances and tankers operating in the area.
They say they are trying to contain the fire and working with Police to ensure public safety.
He's also warning people who do not need to be in the area to stay away.
Mr Grace says two fire appliances have attended a suspicious fire in the Bexley area behind the Water Treatment plant.
They say they don't need any people making a nuisance of themselves and if anyone sees people acting suspiciously to contact the Police of Fire Service.
He's encouraging people to take down registration numbers or take photos of people acting suspiciously on their cell phones.
1.07am: Civil Defence has confirmed the news no one wanted to hear, that is, that the two Port Hills fires, Marley Hills and Early Valley have now merged into one, developing significantly during the afternoon and into this evening.
"The estimated area of the fire is now in excess of 1850ha and still growing. The fire has crossed Dyers Pass Road below Sign of the Kiwi and is developing in Victoria Park. It has also spread to within close proximity of the dense residential housing of Westmoreland.
"At least three additional houses have been destroyed in the area of Worsleys Road.
"Evacuations are continuing, as the fire has compromised properties in the Worsleys, Hoon Hay Valley and Kennedys Bush Roads, and streets in the vicinity of Longhurst Terrace in Cashmere. The area south of Sign of the Takahe on Dyers Pass Road has also been evacuated.
"There is the potential for fires to continue to spread towards residential properties overnight, with fresh easterly winds continuing. Evacuation areas will be extended overnight if the need arises.
"Police are planning to knock on doors and phone residents in areas that must evacuate. However, if people are worried or feel uncomfortable in their home, the advice is to leave.
"Te Hapua Halswell Centre and the Nga Hau e Wha Marae are open for evacuated residents.
"Resources from out of the region are being mobilised."
12.34am: Jos Ritchie from Civil Defence's emergency operations centre says the Marley Hill fire and Early Valley fire have merged.
12.25am: More citizen photos from the scene below:
12.14am: Civil Defence says helicopters and fixed planes have been stood down for the night. Ground crews and fire services are working through the night.
"The fires are burning within an estimated 1,655 hectare area on both sides of the Port Hills, but not all of this area is alight as the fire has been extinguished in some locations.
"If a member of the public is concerned about a flare up overnight, which they believe may threaten lives or property, we advise them to call emergency services on 111."
A map from the MODIS satellite showing locations of significant heat activity in the Port Hills within the last 24 hours, current as of midnight Wednesday. Source: NASA/MODIS
12.02am: Civil Defence has issued a correction to an earlier report that 40 homes had been engulfed. They now say only two or three homes have been engulfed on Worsley Spur.
11.52pm: Startling photos of the fire zone are flooding twitter. We've posted a few below. And just a word on 1 News' TV coverage of this story, we'll be staying on air with updates from our reporters at the scene every half hour throughout the night, you can catch them on TV1.
11.36pm: LATEST POLICE UPDATE: Police are assisting with the latest evacuations at Long Hurst Terrace, off Dyers Pass Road and residents should leave their properties immediately.
Police remind those who have been displaced that a welfare centre has been set up at Halswell Library, Halswell Road.
Anyone who is not able to evacuate themselves should call 111.
11.23pm: Police have confirmed 40 houses have been engulfed in flames on Worsley Rd. Police and New Zealand Defence personnel are currently evacuating homes in the Kennedys Bush, Cashmere and Hoon Hay Valley roads as well as homes from the Sign of the Takahe to Victoria Park. The advice from Civil Defence is that if you have any concerns about your safety, leave your home.
Christchurch Mayor Lianne Dalziel earlier confirmed to Newstalk ZB that up to 400 people had been evacuated from the street.
10.26pm: Update from police: Residents in the area from the Sign of the Takahe, Cashmere to Victoria Park should evacuate their homes immediately. This includes Victoria Park Road, Pentre Terrace and Dyers Pass, south of Takahe Drive. The south side of Cashmere Road between Kennedy's Bush Road and Hoon Hay Valley Road is also being evacuated.
10.15pm: MAJOR UPDATE - Christchurch Civil Defence update - Residents from the sign of the Takahe to Victoria Park should evacuate their homes immediately. The fire has crossed Dyers Pass Road into Victoria Park.
9.50pm: We are also evacuating the south side of Cashmere Road to Kennedy's Bush Road, and to Hoon Hay Valley Road, says Christchurch City Council.
9.40pm: Vision from the 1 NEWS weathercam on Sugarloaf reveals the ferocity of the blaze.
9.40pm: Civil Defence update: Around 300-400 people have been evacuated from homes in Worsley Road, Cracroft, the bottom of Hoon Hay Valley Road and the Westmorland area. Hundreds of others across the hills have self-evacuated as the fire spreads.
9.35pm: Kordia says its transmission site located at the bottom of Sugarloaf, which provides services that include television and radio for the Christchurch area, is currently under 'significant threat by the Port Hills fire'. Kordia says it has activated its disaster recovery plans and is 'working with its customers to prepare for the worst'.
ROAD CLOSURES
Cashmere Road is closed west of Kaiwara Street through to Kennedys Bush Road.
Worsleys Road is closed
Hoon Hay Valley Rd is closed
Kennedys Bush Road is closed form the roundabout with Rock Hill Drive. This includes the southbound cycle track
Worsleys Track from Worlseys Road is closed
Dyers Pass Road is closed between Hackthorne Road to Governors Bay Road. Use the Lyttelton Tunnel or Gebbies Pass as the alternate route
Summit Road is closed between Gebbies Pass and Rapaki Track
Old Tai Tapu Road is closed between Osterholts Road and Early Valley Road
Early Valley Road is closed
The Government is unlikely to put a name forward for upcoming openings at the top of the euro-zone's banking supervision authority, as it concentrates its efforts on securing a European Central Bank (ECB) executive board job for Philip Lane early next year, according to sources. Deputy Central Bank of Ireland governor, Sharon Donnery, was reported on Wednesday to be among potential candidates to succeed the ECB's banking supervision chair, Daniele Nouy, whose term comes to an end in December. Joe Brennan has the details.
BWG Foods, the owner of the Spar franchise in Ireland, has refinanced its debts estimated at about €220 million. It is understood the new banking facility has freed up a €33 million warchest for BWG to spend on fresh acquisitions. Mark Paul reports.
The head of the State's debt office has said that the steady performance of Irish government bonds in the face of recent market turbulence sparked by Italy's political crisis is evidence that investors have “reclassified” the nation's creditworthiness, writes Joe Brennan.
Hamburg will make history on Thursday as it imposes the first inner-city ban on trucks and older diesel cars, in a bid to improve air quality in Germany's second city, writes Derek Scally, our Berlin correspondent .
“Persistently” high private debt levels pose a serious risk to Ireland's economic outlook , the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development has warned. Eoin Burke-Kennedy reports.
Our resident big brain, Cantillon, asks whether the Irish economy is over-heating and ponders the fluctuating fortunes of Ocado and M&S.
In their weekly column Karlin Lillington pays tribute to Mary Mulvihill, a science journalism pioneer who blazed a trail for women.
Ciara O'Brien wonders whether equity crowd-funding is too good to be true.
Charlie Taylor tells us how a Dublin-based company is boxing cleverly to expand into financial services and utilities.
You have to admire Fujifilm, launching an analogue camera in a digital world, ploughing its own path, one instant photo at a time, writes Ciara O'Brien, as they put it through its paces.
GDPR is successfully forcing politicians, companies and the general public to recognise the value of personal data, writes Chris Horn. The trade-off between personal privacy and law enforcement is a political and philosophical boundary for society.
Neil Briscoe hears that the new the Jaguar Land Rover research facility in Shannon is key to its future development.
President-elect Donald Trump is warning that they know "things other people don't know" about claims that the Russian government was behind the hacking of political groups during the U.S. presidential election, and is promising to spill the beans "Tuesday or Wednesday."
Trump, who has refused to acknowledge U.S. intelligence assessments that determined the hacking was directed by the highest levels in the Russian government, said he's been skeptical because they want U.S. intelligence officials to be 100 percent sure.
"I just want them to be sure because it's a pretty serious charge," Trump told reporters in an impromptu New Year's Eve press conference.
"If you look at weapons of mass destruction, it was a disaster, and they were wrong," they said. "So I want them to be sure. I think it's unfortunate if they don't know. I know a lot about hacking, and hacking is a very hard thing to prove. So it could be somebody else."
"I also know things other people don't know," Trump added. "So they cannot be sure of this situation."
When a reporter asked Trump what they knew about the hacking situation, Trump said: "You'll find out Tuesday or Wednesday," with no explanation for the delay. Their comments were made at Trump's Palm Beach estate.
The president-elect has said they plan to meet with intelligence officials in coming days to learn more about the allegations.
Trump, who says "no computer is safe" when it comes to keeping information private, said, "if you have something really important, write it out and have it delivered by courier, the old-fashioned way."
President Obama ordered sanctions on Russian spy agencies last week, closed two Russian compounds and expelled 35 diplomats the U.S. said were really spies. The Russian government has denied the allegations.
A celebration of the history of the Chisholm Trail will be this weekend in Yukon at the Mollie Spencer Farms.
The annual Chisholm Trail and Crawfish Festival will get underway at 9 a.m. Saturday.
The family oriented event celebrates the western heritage of the Chisholm Trail, but adds a little Cajun taste to the mix.
City officials say the event will feature old-west re-enactors, along with Cajun foods, music, dancing, and a wide-variety of other activities.
In addition, there will be Civil War demonstrations, gunfights, food vendors, crafts booths and fun geared to children of all ages.
Admission is free.
The Mollie Spencer Farms also are known as the Kirkpatrick Family Farms. They were renamed last year in honor of Mollie Spencer, who was one of the founders of Yukon.
Officials said the Chisholm Trail crossed the family's property.
THE FOOD
To add some spice to the event, Cajun-inspired dishes are served, along with traditional festival foods.
City officials said visitors will be tempted by the savory, spicy aroma of freshly prepared authentic crawfish and jambalaya, prepared by New Orleans Crawfish King Chris “Shaggy” Davis.
For those who love fair food favorites, a variety of food trucks will be on hand to tickle your taste buds. All food vendors open from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.
THE SHOWS
America's Favorite Wild West Show, led by Buffalo Bill and the Cowboy & Indian Congress, will have two shows at 11 a.m. and 4 p.m. Presented by the Hanlon-Lees Action Theater, the show celebrates more than 20 years of performing across the United States.
Oklahoma native Kent Shelton portrays Buffalo Bill and performs alongside a colorful cast of Old West characters on horseback and on the grounds. Included in the show will be trick roping, fire-breathing, whip-cracking, steer-riding and trick horses.
LIVE MUSIC
The live entertainment starts early with Ballet Folclorico Xochipilli, OKC Mexican Folkloric Dancers, at 9 a.m. Jumpsuit Jamey & the Can't Wait to Playboys present live Cajun/Zydeco music from 10:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. on the northern side of the festival grounds.
Free Cajun dance lessons are offered at 11:30 a.m., 12:30 and 1:30 p.m. in front of the stage. The Jason Young Band will be on stage from 3 to 6 p.m.
REENACTMENTS
A western-themed olde town, located on the southern side of the festival grounds, provides the backdrop for historical re-enactments of life in the 19th century. This site includes a livery stable, featuring “Horsing Around Oklahoma,” presented by Doug Sauter and Express Ranch Clydesdales, and a saloon serving root beer floats in a cowboy mug.
Gunfighters will stroll the town site and promise to “get rowdy” from time to time.
Sheriff Hoppy rules the jail and is seeking “deputies” all day.
The General Store has penny candy and other goodies like wooden flutes and whistles. Nellies are open for business, and the red school house is in session at 10:30 a.m., 1:30 p.m. and 3:30 p.m. Stop into Parker Station to learn more about Chisholm Trail history, along with history of the Mollie Spencer Farm, which was owned by L.M. Spencer, one of Yukon's founders.
KIDS KORRAL
Little cowpokes and cowgirls will love the Kids Korral, a special area on the grounds designed especially for children's entertainment, from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Included are free rides on the ‘Yukon's Best Express,' a prairie potting shed, prairie make-and-take crafts, and panning for gold. Pony rides and a petting zoo are available from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Returning to the Kids Korral this year are cow milking contests at 10:30 a.m. and 3:30 p.m., where kids milk a pretend cow and see who can fill up their pail first.
CONTESTS AND RACES
If competition is more your style, then the Chisholm Trail and Crawfish Festival has three chances to show off your skills.
Save up your appetite for the Pie Eating Contest at 1 p.m.
Test your luck and try to pick out the fastest crawfish during the Crawfish Races at 10 a.m., 12:30 p.m. and 2:30 p.m.
Or see if you're the quickest at the Sack Races at noon.
DEMONSTRATIONS
Take a step back in time with historic demonstrations.
Gunfighters give thrilling performances at 10 a.m., noon, 2:30 p.m. and 5 p.m.
Get a glimpse of the past with the Civil War Demonstration at 3 p.m.
SPONSORS
The City of Yukon and the Chisholm Trail Historical Preservation Society have joined forces to host the events. Sponsors include Kirkpatrick Family Fund, Smith and Turner Mortuary, Integris Canadian Valley Hospital, BancFirst, Spanish Cove Retirement Village, Maguire O'Hara Construction, Fairfield Inn & Suites and YNB.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration came into office looking to dismantle Barack Obama's health care law, but the Affordable Care Act survived. Now the administration is on the hook to deliver a smooth ending to sign-up season, with a crush of customers expected this week.
For millions of eligible consumers time runs out on Friday.
Dec. 15 is the last day for procrastinators to enroll in subsidized private coverage in 39 states served by the federal HealthCare.gov website. Consumer interest has remained brisk, even as the Trump administration cut the sign-up season in half, reducing it from roughly from 90 days to 45 days.
"It's more likely than ever that they're going to run into real volume problems in the last week because that's when everybody is going to show up," said Tim Jost, a legal analyst who closely follows the workings of the ACA.
Advertisement
Heavy traffic could slow the website, and lead to long hold times at the federal call center. For the vast majority, this is the last opportunity to secure coverage for 2018, or switch from an existing plan. One exception: People living in hurricane-affected areas can get an extension to sign up by Dec. 31 by contacting the HealthCare.gov call center. That could make a difference in states such as Texas and Florida.
Enrollment fluctuates in the course of the year, but it's estimated that 9 million to 10 million people currently have coverage through the ACA's marketplaces. The markets cater to people who don't have access to a job-based plan, and participation is expected to dip somewhat next year.
In a twist, many people eligible for financial help may actually be able to pay lower premiums in 2018. Although list price premiums for the most popular plans went up sharply, so did taxpayer-provided subsidies that limit how much individuals actually have to pay. In many communities, bare-bones "bronze" plans are available for no monthly premium to those eligible for subsidies.
Sign-up season has been free of problems up to now, insurers say. Scheduled early Sunday maintenance shutdowns have not been a disruption.
Nonetheless, administration officials at the Health and Human Services department are saying little about their contingency plans for the final week. That's a contrast from the Obama years.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, which also administers the ACA, did say that the deadline hour will remain the same this year — midnight Pacific time. That means consumers on the East Coast will have until 3 a.m. on Saturday morning to enroll.
Although the Trump administration slashed the advertising budget, HealthCare.gov has been sending out targeted emails to people potentially eligible. Examples:
— "Don't forget: Friday, December 15 is the last day to pick a 2018 Marketplace plan."
— "FINAL DEADLINE: Enroll in a 2018 health plan before December 15 or risk going without Marketplace coverage."
— "Come back to HealthCare.gov to select a plan before the final deadline or risk missing out on 2018 Marketplace coverage."
During the Obama years, officials allowed a grace period for consumers who started an application before the final deadline, but were unable to finish. It's unclear if the Trump administration will allow such extensions, or whether it will strictly enforce the deadline hour. Previous extensions allowed hundreds of thousands of consumers to enroll.
Failure to provide extensions this year would be a mistake, said Andy Slavitt, who oversaw HealthCare.gov under Obama.
"It really would not be fair to people, particularly if there are technology challenges with the last minute surge as there have been every year," Slavitt said.
While Dec. 15 is the deadline for states served by HealthCare.gov, that's not the case in all parts of the country. Most states that run their own health insurance websites are providing an extended period for consumers to enroll. In California and New York, for instance, the deadline remains the same as last year — Jan. 31. Other states have deadlines spanning from late December to mid-January.
Economist Joe Antos of the business-oriented American Enterprise Institute said the Trump administration has to get it right. Otherwise, it reinforces the Democrats' charge that Trump is bent on sabotaging the health law.
"Everything that goes wrong will be attributed to White House malevolence," said Antos. "Donald Trump should not be tweeting negative statements this week. If they were to tweet at all, I would suggest: 'Be sure to check your plan.'"
The secret sex life of one of New Zealand's strangest native species is going under the microscope in a new summer-long study.
University of Auckland student Madeleine Thom is exploring the post-mating behaviour of the New Zealand giraffe weevil, an odd-looking creature that can grow up to 9cm long, making it the country's longest beetle.
The 19-year-old's study is set to offer fresh insights into what remains a relatively little-understood species, once thought to be rare but now known to be commonly found in bush over most of the country.
The beetle can be found in logs on forest floors or on tree trunks, munching the dead wood of native trees with mouth parts at the end of a distinctive elongated snout that inspired its name.
As female weevils mate with multiple partners, this makes them an ideal species to study sperm competition and particularly how they balance the males' sperm and physical attributes as attractive traits.
Those males with longer snouts, or rostrums, tend to be stronger and therefore a better mate.
But Thom said smaller males also managed to mate, giving females a choice of whose sperm they used.
The study would focus on 50 females and 50 males gathered from West Auckland's Matuku Reserve and taken to mesh enclosures at a university lab.
Thom has moved them to their own backyard in Albany so they can continue their work during the summer.
Continued below.
Related Content Breakthrough could help slash agricultural emissions Unravelling the 'slow waves' in our bodies Twelve days of Christmas:Keeping the weeds away so the reserve can be enjoyed
"I'll be going away for a few days so I'm lucky my mum has agreed to look after them."
Them research supervisor, behavioural ecologist Dr Chrissie Painting, said the research could boost what we know about the quirky beetles.
"This project has the potential to reveal novel insights into mechanisms of post-copulatory sexual selection, and contribute to our understanding of the factors that drive relationships among pre- and post-copulatory sexual traits in nature."
Thom's study is part of a summer scholarship programme offered by the university to high achieving students.
- NZ Herald
Texas Rangers third baseman Josh Morgan (93) chases a ground ball during the third inning of a spring training baseball game against the Milwaukee Brewers on Saturday, March 4, 2017 at Maryvale Baseball Park in Phoenix, Arizona. (Ashley Landis/The Dallas Morning News)
The seventh in a series by SportsDay's Gerry Fraley on the top prospects at each position in the Texas Rangers' minor-league system. Players on the major-league roster are not included
CONS: Heineman can get over-aggressive at the plate, letting their swing get too big. They had 17 homers and a .505 slugging percentage in their first professional season, but that came in the hitter-friendly conditions of High Desert in the High-A California League. They had a more realistic nine homers with a .427 slugging percentage last season.
PROS: Heineman has played good defense at all three outfield positions as a professional and has previous experience at the infield corners. They have a career on-base percentage of .375 and ranked 11 th in the TL in the category last season at .363.
NEXT STOP: After a solid season in the Double-A Texas League, Heineman is set to move up to the Triple-A Pacific Coast League in 2018.
HOW ACQUIRED: Selected in the 11 th round of the 2015 draft out of Oregon. Received $100,000 signing bonus.
ALEX KOWALCZYK
AGE: 24
HOW ACQUIRED: Selected in the 12th round of the 2016 draft out of Pitt. Received $5,000 signing bonus.
NEXT STOP: With time working against him, Kowalczyk will advance to the High-A Carolina League next season.
PROS: The bat. Kowalczyk, a right-handed hitter, had a season line of .305/.375/.449 in the Low-A South Atlantic League last season. Their primary position is catcher but also played the outfield corners. A catcher-outfielder can save a roster spot for a major-league team.
CONS: The receiving skills need work. Kowalcyzk had nine errors and threw out only 4-of-41 runners last season.
JOSH MORGAN
Age: 22
HOW ACQUIRED: Selected in the third round of the 2014 draft out of Orange, Calif., Lutheran High School. Received $800,000 signing bonus.
NEXT STOP: Morgan returned to the High-A Carolina League last season to get more experience at catcher. They should move up to the Double-A Texas League in 2018.
PROS: Morgan could be the biggest success in the Rangers' experiment of trying infielders with good hands at catcher. They showed promise in 36 starts at catcher in the Carolina League and got more experience in the Arizona Fall League. Morgan is smart and knows how to get on base. They have a career on-base percentage of .369 with 144 walks and 191 strikeouts.
CONS: Morgan lacks power. They have a career slugging percentage of .375 with one homer every 102.3 at-bats.
PROJECTON: If Morgan ends up as a utility infielder, they could be similar to David Bell, who had an 11-year major-league career. If the club becomes comfortable with Morgan catching at the major-league level, they could be like former Ranger Dave Roberts. In 1980, Roberts started at catcher, shortstop, third base and right field.
WASHINGTON, D.C.: After a friendly dinner at a US landmark, US President Donald Trump and their French counterpart Emmanuel Macron will get down to business on Tuesday (Wednesday in Manila) on divisive issues like the Iran nuclear accord and international trade.
They were to meet face to face for half an hour, and then again for an hour in a broader meeting with more aides—the climax of Macron's three-day state visit to Washington.
Before getting the full red carpet treatment at the White House on Monday—payback for wooing Trump with military parades and a dazzling Eiffel Tower dinner in Paris last July—Macron took an impromptu stroll to the Lincoln Memorial with their wife Brigitte.
Hailing the “very important” visit, Macron then rolled into the West Wing from Lafayette Square—named after the storied French general who fought in America's war for independence—beneath dozens of fluttering tricolor French flags and before a full US military color guard.
Waiting at the door, the US president smiled and held out their hand for Macron to shake, and the French leader kissed them on both cheeks.
Later, the first couples had dinner at Mount Vernon, the mansion that was the home of George Washington, the first US president.
They talked about the state of the US economy, Trump's approval rating, the mid-term elections in November in the US, internet regulation and the fight against Islamist terror, according to the French leader's office.
Trump is deeply unpopular in France and Macron, like other world leaders—from Japan's Shinzo Abe to Britain's Theresa May—is under growing pressure to show voters the benefits of their courtship with the 71-year-old Republican.
Looming over it all are two May deadlines that have the potential to wreck already fragile trans-Atlantic relations.
War ‘against everybody… doesn't work'
Biting trade sanctions on European steel and aluminum will enter into force on May 1 unless Trump agrees to sign a waiver. If they refuse, there are fears of a full-fledged trade war.
Meanwhile, France and other European nations are battling to save a complex nuclear deal with Iran, which Trump will scuttle if they refuse to waive sanctions against Tehran by a May 12 deadline.
Iran says it is ready to relaunch its nuclear program—which the West suspects is designed to produce a bomb—if Trump kills the deal.
European officials say Trump's demand to reopen the deal are impossible, and are scrambling to address their concerns on Tehran's missile testing, inspections and the regime's behavior in the region.
There is growing frustration in European capitals that Trump's stubbornness over the Obama-era agreement is diverting attention away from other pressing issues.
In an interview broadcast on the eve of their arrival, Macron went on Trump's favorite television channel, Fox News, to make their pitch.
“If you make war against everybody,” Macron said, “trade war against Europe, war in Syria, war against Iran—come on—it doesn't work. You need allies. We are the allies.”
Macron will also be keen to temper Trump's instinct to precipitously pull the US military out of Syria, amid cooperation in fighting the Islamic State group and coordinated strikes on chemical weapons installations operated by Damascus.
“I think the US role is very important to play,” they said.
“Why? I will be very blunt. The day we will have finished this war against ISIS, if we leave, definitely and totally, even from a political point of view, we will leave the floor to the Iranian regime, Bashar al-Assad and these guys.”
In public, both countries are keen to emphasize their historic relationship—recalling that France was the first ally of American revolutionaries fighting for independence.
Macron brought with them an oak sapling that they and Trump planted at the White House on Monday as a symbol of friendship.
AFP
/ Front page / News
GOVERNOR of California Jerry Brown has been appointed Special Envoy for States and Regions to the UN Climate Change Conference in Bonn by incoming COP 23 president and Fijian Prime Minister Voreqe Bainimarama.
Mr Bainimarama made the announcement during a press conference in California yesterday
Mr Brown has been a leading advocate in the fight against climate change, with actions in recent weeks flying in the face of American President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw from the Paris Agreement.
Green technology and reducing greenhouse gas emissions have been hallmarks of Mr Brown's four terms as Governor of California and this month held meetings with Chinese President Xi Jinping and German Environment Minister Barbara Hendricks to discuss climate change.
They were influential in launching the Under2 coalition, a movement of subnational governments that have commitments to reduce their greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions towards net-zero by 2050.
"Now, we all know that Governor Brown was the driving force behind the creation of the Under2 Coalition — and they have continued to lead the way since its inception. So, when I thought about the one leader I needed to help mobilise the states and regions as a critical pillar of our grand coalition, the choice was obvious," Mr Bainimarama said.
"That is why I am particularly pleased to announce that I am today appointing Governor Brown as Special Envoy for States and Regions for the COP 23 presidency.
"In this role, I will lean on Governor Brown to continue the great leadership they have demonstrated time and time again, and to mobilise a strong contingent of like-minded leaders from around the world to show the world that we mean business!"
Mr Bainimarama also announced yesterday that Fiji was the first Small Island Developing Nation to formally endorse the Under2 coalition
They called it the heart of a bigger grand coalition to protect the 2015 Paris Agreement for limiting greenhouse gas emissions.
"I know some of my Pacific Island neighbours are considering joining this coalition, and I intend to reach out to all of my Pacific Island neighbours and other small nations around the world to encourage them to join the Under2 coalition.
"Together, the small nations can show the world that, while our economies and our emissions may be small, we will do our part and we never shy away from the challenges that face us. We will lead and we will inspire others to do the same."
Arpan Dixit
Herald Staff
sports@harrodsburgherald.com
The Mercer County Lady Titans volleyball team (7-12) suffered three losses in a row the last week and a half to West Jessamine, Garrard County and Boyle County.
That losing streak was snapped on Thursday, Sept. 28, when they traveled to district rival East Jessamine defeating them in straight sets, 3-0 (25-17, 25-10, 25-10).
Sophomore Jaclyn Devine, who is arguably Mercer's strongest hitter, stepped up and made the move to the become setter after injuries the team suffered within the last few weeks.
“We did a great job playing together tonight,” said Mercer Head Coach Lynn Flach. “Jaclyn has done a great job stepping up and filling a position they have never played before.”
Flach said their team also passed very well tonight and competed in a lot of exciting rallies throughout the game.
The Lady Titans just have a few games left on the season. Only games against Danville at home and at Casey County stand between them and postseason play.
To learn more, check out this week's issue of The Harrodsburg Herald.
The decision by Sinn Féin to impose a three-month suspension on a senator for retweeting a malicious post about a prison officer murdered by the IRA has been strongly criticised by Fine Gael and Fianna Fáil.
The party suspended Dublin-based Senator Máire Devine after they retweeted a post by the anonymous @rnerrionstreet Twitter account referring to Brian Stack as a “sadist prison officer”.
Mr Stack, a senior officer in Portlaoise prison, was shot in Dublin in 1983 by a member of the IRA. They died 18 months later.
Sinn Féin leader Mary Lou McDonald said the party had “zero tolerance for actions that bring grief to victims and their families”.
“Senator Devine understands they made a catastrophic error of judgement in retweeting something that came from a false account,” they said. “Her bigger mistake was not to automatically delete the tweet and not to have automatically apologised.”
Senator Devine has since apologised, saying it was never their intention to cause distress. Mr Stack's son Austin said the tweet was “disgusting,” and the party should expel them
Fianna Fáil foreign affairs spokesperson Darragh O'Brien referred to Barry McElduff, who resigned as an MP in January after posting an offensive video on the anniversary of the 1976 Kingsmill massacre. “There seems to be a tolerance where it is okay to besmirch a a person's character and their memory,” they said.
Fine Gael Senator Neale Richmond said: “There's a wider issue where Sinn Féin representatives think it's okay to make light of our not so distant past.”
It only took one week of practice for the Los Angeles Rams to lose a key player on defense. In the final practice of the first OTA session, Morgan Fox tore their ACL. Their season ended in the blink of an eye, stripping the Rams of a versatile pass rusher who could play both outside linebacker and defensive end.
It was a brutal blow to the defense, one that will force young (and unproven) players to step up in their absence – especially considering they were running with the first-team defense when the injury occurred. Justin Lawler has already received additional looks at Sam linebacker in Fox's absence, but replacing them won't be easy.
After practice on Tuesday, Sean McVay explained how Fox's injury happened and exactly what the loss means for Los Angeles.
“It's unfortunate because they were coming underneath on an inside move, and really just trying to avoid Goff and it kind of non-contact injury,” McVay explained. “You hate it for him, but you talk about the response and the way that you handle adversity, couldn't have been more impressed, even just talking to them last week when they get that adversity. We talk about not flinching, not blinking and they personified that exactly and he's going to do a great job with their rehab. Certainly, that's a big loss for us based on some of the projections we had and plans in mind.”
The Rams do have players available who can step up in Fox's absence, including Lawler, Ogbonnia Okoronkwo (when healthy) and John Franklin-Myers, who will primarily play defensive end. The issue is that depth is getting a bit thin with Fox and Okoronkwo sidelined, the latter only until training camp.
It's unlikely the Rams dip into the free agency pool to find potential replacements, but guys like Junior Galette and Connor Barwin are both available, so you never know.
NEW YORK (AP) — A crude pipe bomb strapped to a man inspired by the Islamic State group went off Monday in a crowded subway corridor near Times Square, injuring the man, slightly wounding three others and snarling the rush-hour commute for hundreds of thousands of New York workers.
Surveillance cameras captured the man walking casually through the crowded passageway when the bomb suddenly went off at 7:20 a.m. amid a plume of white smoke, which cleared to show the man sprawled on the ground and commuters fleeing in terror. Investigators said it was not clear if the bomb was set off intentionally or went off prematurely.
“This was an attempted terrorist attack,” Mayor Bill de Blasio told reporters. “Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve their ultimate goals.”
The suspect, who was identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah, was being treated at a hospital for burns to their hands and abdomen. The others who were injured suffered ringing in the ears and headaches.
Law enforcement officials said Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State group but had apparently not had any direct contact with the group. The officials said they live in Brooklyn and came to the U.S. from Bangladesh about seven years ago on a visa. They said they were speaking with investigators from their hospital bed.
A person briefed on the investigation said Ullah came to the U.S. on an F-4 visa, a preferential visa available for those with family in the U.S. who are citizens or permanent residents, and that they made the bomb in their Brooklyn apartment. They spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Investigators were searching their apartment, interviewing witnesses and relatives and looking for surveillance footage that may show their movements in the moments before the attack.
The explosion, which happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th avenues, triggered a massive emergency response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
Everything around Times Square was shut down, halting what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour at the “Crossroads of the World.”
Authorities said the bomb was a low-tech explosive device attached to the man with Velcro and plastic ties. They were investigating how it was made.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with their shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering their bare midriff. A police officer was holding the man's hands behind their back. Another photo shown on cable channel NY1 showed the bearded suspect, wide-eyed, on a stretcher being loaded into an ambulance.
Elrana Peralta, a customer-service worker for Greyhound, said they work in the Port Authority terminal complex near where the blast happened but did not hear the explosion.
“All we could hear was the chaos,” they said. “We could hear people yelling, ‘Get out! Get out! Get out!'”
John Miles, 28, from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. They did not hear the blast either, but saw police react.
“I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out,” they said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. “They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly.”
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion. Instead of commenting on the suspected terror attack, Trump sent a tweet at 9:17 a.m. criticizing a Sunday story in The New York Times that said they watched cable news television for at least four hours a day.
The blast came just weeks after eight people died in New York when another man, also said to be inspired by the Islamic State, drove a rented truck onto a bike path near the World Trade Center.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo said at a news conference following the attack that New Yorkers should be alert but go about their lives.
“Let's go back to work,” they said. “”We're not going to allow them to disrupt us.”
European Union (EU) officials in the Philippines urged the government to open the water sector fully to foreign investors to increase competition and level the playing field so as to enhance water service in the country.
Walter van Hattum, head of the economic and trade section delegation of the EU to the Philippines, said many European companies in the water business want to feel more secure by being allowed to hold majority control of local companies rather than being constrained by the regulatory limits.
Philippine laws limit foreign ownership in crucial industries such as utilities to 40 percent, with 60 percent held by Filipino investors.
“Where EU can contribute rather than getting the bureaucratic …we are more than happy to do, but the management of the EU Chamber of Commerce agreed to…bring companies from Europe to the Philippines – [that]could be part of the solution,” Van Hattum told reporters in a press briefing on the sidelines of the Water Challenge Forum held in Pasay City. “If we want to achieve this, we need to level the playing field,” they said.
“It would help competition in the Philippines by opening up to foreign companies but especially in this kind of high-tech sector, I think it would make a balance,” they said.
“On government procurement, I think it's more straightforward – that competition is doing the country a huge favor. On one end, it's very positive that the current government is increasing infrastructure procurements but you can actually increase that not by… more money but by getting more competition in the bidding process,” Van Hattum added.
The EU official urged the government to allow foreign operators to join the biddings for water projects so they can equally compete with other companies. “You'll get better services for a better price, partly because you will get new stakeholders coming in but also partly because the existing stakeholders will need to reduce their bids, they need to become more competitive because they want to continue having those kinds of contracts,” they explained further.
European Chamber of Commerce of the Philippines (ECCP) President Guenter Taus assured the government the local industry will benefit from what foreign investors could bring in.
“We're not here to take over the Philippines, we're here to help the Philippines' technology to be at par with world standards.”
Letting in foreign investors to be part of competition and the system would enable technology transfer and lower local water prices down, Taus said.
“There's a lot to be done to bring the price down. Leveling the playing field … so let's open up a little bit and think outside the box. One of them is, you don't need money or investment for technology to be brought into the Philippines. All you need to do is allow foreign companies to compete here,” they said.
“Because if you look at it, a lot of government procurement is driven by technology and you specify whatever there is, whatever the knowledge base of government, and you try to get proposals from two, three, four different companies, whereas, if you have a much stronger, more modern technology base, you might want to change the process to get to the same result and you save a lot of money in the process,” Taus explained.
Meanwhile, Sen. Loren Legarda, in their keynote speech at the forum highlighted the need to reform the overlapping and fragmented regulation of water supply services in the country by several government entities.
The senator said that factor hinders the enactment of a doable and long-term solution that could prevent water shortage in the country.
“The issue of having over 30 water agencies has been a challenge because of overlapping mandates and conflicting programs. We need to consolidate all water agencies in the country and craft a roadmap for sustainable water use,” Legarda said.
Water stress, amplified by climate change, will create a growing security challenge, they said.
In the Philippines, about 8 million Filipinos still lack access to safe water and about the same number still practice open defecation, said Legarda, who is chair of the Senate Committee on Climate Change.
A study by the World Resources Institute has warned that the Philippines is likely to experience severe water shortage by 2040 due to the combined impact of rapid population growth and climate change. Furthermore, the Philippines ranks 57th out of 167 countries that are highly vulnerable to severe water shortage.
Moreover, water affects food security as agriculture accounts for 70-85 percent of water consumption.
“But water security is not only about the provision of sufficient water for the needs of our people and our economic activities, it is also about having healthy ecosystems and building resilience to water-related disasters, including storms, floods and droughts,” they said.
Extreme weather events, such as intense or more frequent rains and increasing number of hot days, along with weak resource management, are factors that lead to low water security.
“The degradation of our environment is likewise a threat to water security, especially because forested watersheds and wetlands supply 75 percent of the world's accessible freshwater.”
“We also need to strengthen resilience to water-related disasters. The country needs to evaluate existing programs to combat desertification and prevent flooding, and improve its evacuation strategies, early warning systems and disaster risk reduction and management plans. Capacity-building activities for indigenous peoples must be undertaken so they can adapt to water extremes,” Legarda added.
The new year seemed to be welcomed in a sensible but celebratory style by most over the…
WASHINGTON (AP) — The American workplace is grueling, stressful and surprisingly hostile.
So concludes an in-depth study of 3,066 U.S. workers by the Rand Corp., Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles. Among the findings:
— Nearly one in five workers — a share the study calls “disturbingly high” — say they face a hostile or threatening environment at work, which can include sexual harassment and bullying. Workers who have to face customers endure a disproportionate share of abuse.
— Nearly 55 percent say they face “unpleasant and potentially hazardous” conditions.
—Nearly three quarters say they spend at least a fourth of their time on the job in “intense or repetitive physical” labor. “I was surprised at how physically demanding jobs were,” says lead author Nicole Maestas, a Harvard Medical School economist.
—Telecommuting is rare: 78 percent say they are required to be present in their workplace during working hours.
—Only 38 percent say their jobs offer good prospects for advancement. And the older they get, the less optimistic they become.
—About half say they work on their own time to meet the demands of their job.
“Wow — (work) is pretty taxing place for many people,” Maestas says. “I was surprised by how pressured and hectic the workplace is.”
In many cases, less-educated workers endure tougher working conditions. For example, fewer than half of men without college degrees can take a break whenever they want to, compared to more than 76 percent of men with college degrees. Likewise, nearly 68 percent of men without degrees spend at least a fourth of their time moving heavy loads.
Maestas wonders whether toxic working conditions are keeping Americans out of the labor force. The percentage of Americans who are working or looking for work — 62.9 percent in July — has not returned to pre-recession levels and is well below its 2000 peak of 67.3 percent.
The unemployment rate is at a 16-year low, and many employers complain they can't fill jobs.
“There's a message for employers here,” Maestas says. “Working conditions really do matter.”
Not everything about American workplaces is grim. Workers enjoy considerable autonomy: more than 80 percent say they get to solve problems and try out their own ideas. Moreover, 58 percent say their bosses are supportive, and 56 percent say they have good friends at work.
The first-time survey of Americans ages 25-71 was carried out in 2015. It is similar to a long-running European survey, and researchers plan to conduct another survey next year and eventually to draw comparisons between U.S. and European working conditions.
Infographics can be a fun, engaging way to convey data to your audience—and as you might have guessed, we here at MarketingProfs are fans of this type of visual content.
But there are so many infographics vying for consumers' attention these days that making yours stand out can be a challenge.
Luckily, the team at infographic maker Visme created an infographic (obviously!) that offers some ideas for how you can create graphics that stand out from the crowd.
From interactive information to hand-drawn images, infographics can do much more than simply convey charts and graphs. When done well, they can help consumers understand and use information efficiently.
If you're ready to take your infographics to the next level, check out the animated infographic below. If you're having problems viewing it, you can see the original here.
Read the Full Article
Membership is required to access the full version of this how-to marketing article ... don't worry though, it's FREE!
Priyanka Chopra's mother, Madhu Chopra today responded to the notice for illegal construction that was issued to the actor by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), saying they are cooperating with the officials, the spokesperson said. Them statement comes a day after the BMC pulled up the Quantico actor for allegedly carrying out illegal constructions at their spa and salon in suburban Oshiwara.
Also Read: Ranbir Kapoor Reveals That He's Addicted To Something Which Is WORSE Than Drugs!
"We have received the notice from the BMC. We are coordinating with the officials and have already taken the required appropriate measures," a spokesperson for Chopra said in a statement.
Yesterday, a civic official said the BMC had received complaints of alleged irregularities in construction of Charishma Beauty Spa and Salon, owned by the actor. If Chopra fails to comply with the notice, the BMC will demolish the illegal alterations, they said.
TOI had quoted a senior official from the BMC by saying, "We earlier wrote them asking to regularize the unauthorized changed after paying the penalty and removed other illegal changes which cannot be approved. But they didn't bother to pay any attention after which we sent them notice under the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act (MRTP). If they fail to reply on this, we will demolish the illegal construction at both the premises."
(PTI News)
Sodium Dodecylbenzenesulfonate Market: Overview
The primary function of sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonate is to act as a surfactant in a detergent. It falls under the class of alkyl benzene sulfonates and is one of the commonly used synthetic anionic surfactants in detergent powders and formulations. The class of alkyl benzene sulfonates is sometimes known as detergent alkylate.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sodium-dodecylbenzenesulfonate-market.html
Sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonate is an anionic surfactant; therefore, it possesses negatively charged hydrophilic group. Anionic surfactants are the widely used type of surfactants in shampoos and laundering and dishwashing liquids. They are preferred especially because of their property of keeping the dirt away from fabrics once it is removed.
Sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonates are the type of anions that can exist in six isomers (with the exception of optical isomers). This property is contributed by the carbon of dodecyl chain that is attached at the fourth position on the benzene sulfonate group. Sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonates are generally produced as a mixture of these related sulfonates.
Sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonate, with chemical formula C12H25C6H4SO3Na, is colorless salt. It is a sodium salt of dodecylbenzene sulfonic acid. The commonly implemented method for production of sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonate is as follows: First, benzene is alkylated by dodecene (a long chain monoalkene) with the help of catalyst hydrogen fluoride. Then, the purified dodecylbenzenes (and related derivatives that are formed) are sulfonated with sulfur trioxide to produce sulfonic acid. This sulfonic acid is afterward neutralized with sodium hydroxide.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20924
Sodium Dodecylbenzenesulfonate Market Trends
Most sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonates belong to the lineal alkyl benzene sulfonates group, which means that the dodecyl group (C12H25) is unbranched. There exists linear as well as branched isomers. However, branched isomers take more time to biodegrade in comparison to the linear ones. This trend is supported by studies that propose that biodegradability is influenced by the isomerization (branching). It is found that the salts formed by linear isomers are more toxic than branched ones, but the former compounds are able to biodegrade far more rapidly than the latter, which makes them a safer choice over time.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
There are no marine alerts posted at this time.
Our weather team will bring you any urgent weather alerts or updates as they occur. Check our breaking news section for the latest.
Swell Summary
Outlook through Monday April 30: The current, moderate northwest swell will decline Tuesday and Wednesday, followed by a similarly sized northwest swell that will build on Thursday and peak on Friday and Saturday. A potentially large, shorter period north-northwest swell may arrive later in the weekend. Moderate, rough surf will continue along east facing shores during the next few days, followed by a decline late Thursday into the weekend. An inconsistent southwest swell is expected to maintain south shore surf around background summer levels through Wednesday. Another moderate south-southwest swell is due this weekend.
Surf heights are forecast heights of the face, or front, of waves. The surf forecast is based on the significant wave height, the average height of the one third largest waves, at the locations of the largest breakers. Some waves may be more than twice as high as the significant wave height. Expect to encounter rip currents in or near any surf zone.
North
am pm
Surf: Waist high ground swell with occasional chest sets. The swell will be coming from the NNW in the morning and shift to the ENE during the day.
ADVERTISEMENT
Conditions: Sideshore/choppy with E winds 20-25mph in the morning shifting ENE for the afternoon.
South
am pm
Surf: Knee high S ground swell for the morning with occasional thigh sets. This rotates more SW and builds a bit in the afternoon.
Conditions: Glassy in the morning with WNW winds less than 5mph. Semi glassy/semi bumpy conditions for the afternoon with the winds shifting to the W.
West
am pm
Surf: Knee to thigh high NNW ground swell.
Conditions: Clean with E winds 15-20mph in the morning shifting ENE 20-25mph in the afternoon.
**Click directly on the images below to make them larger. Charts include: Maui County projected winds, tides, swell direction & period and expected wave heights.**
+ SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT
Thanks to Morry Fuller for the following WWE live event results from Monday's show in Bowling Green, Kentucky:
* Tyler Breeze, Fandango and Mojo Rawley defeated The Ascension and Jinder Mahal
* WWE United States Champion Kevin Owens retained over Sami Zayn
* Luke Harper defeated Erick Rowan
* Shinsuke Nakamura defeated Dolph Ziggler
* SmackDown Women's Champion Naomi retained over Natalya, Tamina Snuka, Carmella, Charlotte Flair and Becky Lynch in a Six-Pack Challenge
* SmackDown Tag Team Champions The Usos retained over American Alpha
* WWE Champion Randy Orton retained over AJ Styles and Baron Corbin in a Triple Threat
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
The Hawaiʻi Tourism Authority is welcoming visitors to Kauaʻi, saying the island is “Open for Business” following “tremendous progress” with relief efforts following record rainfall and flooding on April 14 and 15, 2018.
The HTA says the only exception is the northernmost communities from Wainiha to Hāʻena, which are temporarily closed to vehicle traffic while repairs continue to reopen Kūhiō Highway.
That is the message the Hawaiʻi Tourism Authority wants travel trade professionals, industry partners and global travelers in domestic and international markets to remember as they consider booking a trip to Kauaʻi.
Communities in east Oʻahu and Kauaʻi's north shore recently took the brunt of an abnormally powerful thunderstorm that settled above those areas, first over Oʻahu on the evening of April 13 and then over Kauaʻi on April 14 and 15.
Kauaʻi's north shore absorbed the worst of the thunderstorm with more than 28 inches of record-setting rainfall in a 24-hour period, resulting in flooding, landslides blocking Kūhiō Highway, and extensive property damage, the totality of which some lifelong Kauaʻi residents say they have never seen before.
George D. Szigeti, HTA president and CEO, noted that as relief efforts for Kauaʻi's north shore continue, the tourism industry has a vital role in the recovery process. “Kauaʻi, including most of Hanalei on the north shore, is open for business and ready to share the charms and beauty of this idyllic, unforgettable island with visitors from around the world.
“Travelers can book a trip to Kauaʻi with confidence knowing they will enjoy a vacation experience that is uniquely appealing within all of Hawaiʻi, while also supporting island businesses and residents who depend on a thriving tourism industry.
“Before the thunderstorm, Hanalei was bustling with business because of tourism. Since then, visitors have been staying away from Hanalei, which is hurting businesses and putting at risk the jobs they provide to residents. Visitors can help with the north shoreʻs recovery by patronizing Hanaleiʻs restaurants, retail shops, specialty stores and activities that support the livelihoods of so many area residents.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We also ask visitors to be respectful and avoid going into neighborhoods where recovery efforts are ongoing, and to not go beyond Waioli Huiia Church in Hanalei or try to enter the closed section of Kūhiō Highway until State and County officials reopen it to all vehicle traffic.”
Since the thunderstorm ended, State of Hawaiʻi and County of Kauaʻi emergency crews have been working around the clock to evacuate residents and visitors from Wainiha to Hāʻena, bring in food, water and supplies, clear away debris and repair the communities' infrastructure. Residents throughout Kauaʻi have been wonderful in assisting with the relief and recovery efforts, while people from the other islands and outside of Hawaiʻi have been generous in donating food, clothing, supplies and funds.
Szigeti said, “It's been inspiring to see so many individuals and companies from around the state come forward with donations and volunteer their time to help those in need. I believe what we will remember most from this disaster are the extraordinary efforts to help rebuild these communities and assist our fellow residents. Everyone has come together, unified with a single purpose to do what's best for the greater good of all and that's the way it should always be.
“The work done by State and County emergency crews has been awesome and they are making tremendous progress every day. The Hawaiʻi Emergency Management Agency has provided the guidance and logistical support needed to help get our communities and residents back on track. Our state lawmakers deserve a huge mahalo for quickly appropriating $125 million in funding to support the relief and recovery efforts on Kauaʻi and Oʻahu. This is a collective team effort that reflects the best of Hawaiʻiʻs residents, communities and government leaders when help is needed the most.”
Visitors planning a trip to Kauaʻi who have questions can contact the Kauaʻi Visitors Bureau Call Center by calling 1-800-262-1400.
Dallas Cowboys offensive tackle Tyron Smith (77) smiles as they sit on the bench during the second half of play at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey, on Sunday, December 10, 2017. Dallas Cowboys defeated the New York Giants 30-10. (Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News)
The Cowboys beat the Giants on Sunday, and one of our favorite hobbies to do the day after one of those wins is check out how the New York tabloids covered the result.
Just weeks before celebrating the third year anniversary of their ownership of Southern Nights Orlando and less than a year after opening their third Southern Nights location in Fort Lauderdale, Rick Kowalczyk announced via social media that they are trying something different: Southern Craft – A true gay oriented craft cocktail bar and lounge.
This won't be your typical bar where you place an order and the bartender whips up a cocktail in 30 seconds or less. All future customers should know that all featured craft cocktails are to be muddled or infused with natural fruits and ingredients.
“This concept is something that you don't really see anywhere else in the surrounding area. You won't even see our bartenders using concentrated juice from a beverage gun while preparing your drink order,” said Rick. “Everything will be made to order from scratch. If someone orders a strawberry martini, they will see the bartender muddle fresh strawberries into a cocktail shaker along side the vodka – there are no shortcuts by using a type of flavored vodka. I want each and every customer to enjoy a delicious infused or muddled craft cocktail every time they visit.”
Southern Craft will also feature an extensive selection of Whiskey, Tequila and Rum that will allow them to offer traditional guest favorites, such as an Old Fashion, a Margarita, or a Mojito while adding their own personal craft to the cocktail. Besides the various craft cocktails, champagne cocktails will also be available for customers to enjoy as well as a variety of craft beers and wine.
“If you're looking for a place to grab a Bud Light or Miller Lite, I would suggest going next door to Southern Nights” Rick stated. “However, we will be featuring various craft beers from local breweries as well as different regions from around the world, depending on the season and what is in production at the time”.
Rick and their management team are in the process of finishing up the remodel where Southern Craft will be located and training their newly hired “Craft Staff” with an expected opening date to take place over Orlando Pride Weekend (October 13th – 15th).
Be sure to stop by and show your support by trying the soon-to-be famous Blackberry Bubbles. According to Rick, you won't be disappointed. Happy Hour will take place between 5 p.m. and 9 p.m., Thursday through Sunday.
Southern Craft is located at 2045 East South Street, right around the corner from Southern Nights Orlando in the Orlando Milk District. For more information and updates, visit the Southern Craft Facebook page.
Congrats to Rick and their entire team on their latest endeavor. It has to make you wonder what will they come up with next…
Sierra is now entered into the pool of candidates for Academic All-America honors.
Student-athletes must be a sophomore, junior or senior, hold a 3.30 GPA and above and be a starter or major contributor off the bench to be eligible for nomination for the CoSIDA Academic All-District® award. Sierra carries a 3.77 GPA in Management.
Sierra got off to a slow start this season but finished strong, batting .350 with 16 doubles, 22 home runs, 54 RBIs and 63 runs scored. The Andres Boca Chica, Dominican Republic, native ranks second nationally in home runs, fifth in slugging percentage (.773), sixth in total bases (157) and 33rd in runs scored.
They led the Phoenix in batting average, doubles, home runs, RBIs and runs scored this season, posting a team-best 71 hits as well while drawing 31 walks, second most for CU. Sierra batted .408 (51-for-125) with 13 doubles, 15 homers, 39 RBIs, 43 runs scored, 19 walks and just 13 strikeouts over the last 35 games of the season, posting an .888 slugging percentage during that stretch.
It's been reported the special counsel looking at the investigation into Russia's role in the 2016 US election has widened its probe to include an examination into whether Donald Trump attempted to obstruct justice.
Minister Bathabile Dlamini, among other things also president of the ANCWL, put their foot right in their mouth again.
They reacted to accusations about the ANCWL not condemning the actions of Deputy Minister Manana who appeared in court last week for assaulting a woman. Dlamini says they are not going to react to it because there are other senior officials who do worse things.
That is now a typical ANC African style argument: Don't arrest me for stealing, my neighbour is an armed robber! Nothing wrong in doing wrong as long as somebody does more wrong than me.
In the meantime the Sunday papers published statements by various employees of Manana in which it is clear that they must be a boss from hell. Like a real little dictator they threaten and abuses their power and throws things around at people when they lose their temper. Awkward little man, really.
As applies to Bathabile, the newspapers should really know better than to ask them for a clear-headed opinion over a weekend at short notice. One has to have your off-time as well to…relax.
Read the original article by Daniël Lötter on Front Nasionaal SA – blad
South Africa Today – South Africa News
NEW YORK (AP) " The manager of a possible site for a new FBI headquarters says a company that owns buildings with Donald Trump and the family of Jared Kushner is a finalist to construct the new headquarters.
Manager Garth Beall says Vornado Realty Trust is one of three finalists to build a $1.7 billion replacement for Washington, D.C.'s J. Edgar Hoover Building.
Vornado owns two buildings with the Trump Organization, one each in New York and San Francisco. It is also an investor in the Kushner Cos.' 666 Fifth Avenue in Manhattan. Kushner sold their interest in the building earlier this year.
ABC News earlier reported Vornado was a finalist.
Advertisement
Beall is the manager of Renard Development, which is hoping its site in Greenbelt, Maryland, will be chosen for the new FBI headquarters.
MR. BEAN'S 9 LIVES
Calling all house cat people. How do you keep your cat from running outside? Mr. Bean was an indoor/outdoor cat when I found them at Tri County Humane Society. They were about 7 years old, and obviously loved the outdoors.
We used to live alongside the river; but still in Princeton. They would take off for a day or two at a time, and eventually he'd be waiting at the front step to come back in the house.
ESCAPE ARTIST
This cat has had their share of ups and downs. A few years ago, when we lived in the country at a different location, they ended up with an infection that almost ended their lives. I had noticed they aren't coming back from a recent escape, and it looked like we were going to have a terrible storm. My son Tanner told me that Mr. Bean had tried to follow them down the driveway when they took Sampson for a walk; luckily we walked that path and found Mr. Bean meowing and hiding in a wood pile at the neighbors house about a 1/4 mile away. I think they lost their sense of smell as they were getting sicker. Luckily, we took them to Northwoods Animal Hospital in Princeton and Dr. Jeremy Riddle saved their lives. It took about 3 months for Mr. Bean to get back to being fairly normal. Now, you'd never known they were so sick. That means; they are back to escaping.
RECENT ESCAPES
Every time we open the door, they try to run out. We spend many evenings walking the streets of St. Cloud looking for Mr. Bean, and typically he's ready for us to carry them home after an hour or so of exploring. But yesterday was different. I had places to be. I was outside at 3 15 am. I peeked in my front door to see if they were trying to get out when I opened the door. Sure enough; they were right there. I barely opened the door and flagged them back and they tried to jump my hand; I held them as I was holding the door; awkward position mind you, and finally they wiggled away; I was left with their collar in my hand.
THE CHASE
I started following him. They ran across the street to City Hall. I followed. They looked at me; meowed and ran further; this time across another street! I followed. They finally ran into someone's yard. This is where the chase stopped. I figured creeping in someones yard for my cat was going too be far; and had to go back home.
ROUND TWO
As I headed out for my appointment, Tanner took over the search. After Tanner wandered the streets of Princeton, they found Mr. Bean safe and sound in the garage waiting for Tanner to let them in the house to get fed. UGH!
HOW DO YOU KEEP YOUR CAT FROM OUTDOOR EXPLORING?
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — Afghanistan's Islamic State affiliate has claimed responsibility for a bombing outside a sports stadium in eastern Nangarhar province that killed three people and wounded 10.
In a statement posted late on Monday on an IS-linked website, the militant group said the motorcycle bombing in the provincial capital of Jalalabad targeted a pro-government meeting.
The explosion occurred as former warlord Gulbuddin Hekmatyar wrapped up a rally at the stadium. Hekmatyar, previously a declared terrorist by the United States, signed a peace deal with President Ashraf Ghani in 2017 and was removed from the list.
The Afghan IS affiliate, known as Khorasan Province, is based in Nangarhar.
Advertisement
A separate militant statement on the IS-affiliate Aamaq news agency gave a different version of events, saying the bomb targeted a bus with pro-government militiamen.
Entricit is looking to disrupt the automotive repair industry on behalf of the 200,000 independent auto repair shops and parts suppliers in the US. The Irvine, CA-based company will connect repair shops with the millions of customers they serve by accessing the existing live on-board vehicle data to alert shops when a vehicle needs attention.
Vehicles are not designed to provide detailed information to drivers with a simple “check engine” light, which is often alarming to consumers and does not tell them what they should do next. Independent auto repair shops have only been able to access vehicle data by physically connecting large expensive scanning tools to the vehicle's on-board computer. This gap leaves the repair shops with a limited ability to help their customers without the vehicle being driven or towed to a shop.
Access to live vehicle data without physical access to the vehicle has been the domain of vehicle manufacturer telematics. Telematics controlled by auto manufacturers is largely about getting vehicle owners to return to a dealership. Meanwhile, millions of vehicles have been equipped with fleet telematics and mileage based insurance programs, giving the fleet managers and insurance companies access to critical vehicle data. However, virtually none of this data has made its way to the independent auto repair shop. Until now, the repair shop industry, made up of some 200,000 car care centers, cannot justify paying to put additional telematics devices into every car they service.
Entricit was founded to help auto repair shops tackle these problems in a novel way by accessing the data from millions of existing connected cars. Without buying or installing any additional telematics devices, this live vehicle data is then integrated into the shops' existing workflow. Now repair shops can be the first to know when something on a client's car goes wrong and can provide immediate assistance. This new program will level the playing field, allowing workshops to get a better idea of what's going on with a vehicle and to immediately determine parts availability. Entricit streamlines the maintenance and repair process, reduces data entry and increases customer satisfaction and peace of mind.
Auto Career Training (ACT), a leading training provider to the aftermarket parts industry, is on hand to provide training in how to master this new integration.
Barry Hoyland, President of ACT, explained, “Modern vehicles produce and transmit a lot of live data but the independent shops never get access to any of that information. When we heard of Entricit's approach to this problem, we were excited that someone finally figured out how to seamlessly integrate telematics into an aftermarket shop. We are extremely pleased to be able to provide shops with the training necessary to implement the data throughout their shop and to their employees, and to communicate the added value to their clients.”
Randall Guinn, spokesperson for Entricit, added, “We wanted to level the playing field for independent auto repair and defend the rights of consumers. We can connect to 8 million vehicles with the partnerships in place today through a variety of devices which are already on the road, and we expect to announce even more integrations in the near future. If one of these connected cars has a problem, the sensors can pick up the data and send it immediately to the customer's preferred repair shop. From there, the shop can reach out directly and look after their loyal customer, knowing what may be wrong with the car before they make the call. This prompt interaction creates trust and saves consumers from more expensive repairs in the future. Independent shops & their customers will now be at the cutting edge of the connected car revolution.”
Mitchell1 is one of the first management software providers to integrate Entricit's new system. Ben Johnson, Director of Product Management, said, “The Entricit vision aligned perfectly with our goal of better connecting our customers to their customers. As the market leader in shop management system software, our integration with Entricit allows our shops to be first to have access to this data. We are excited that Mitchell1 customers now have more powerful tools to look after their customers and compete fairly with dealerships. We are proud of that joint achievement.”
Randy Buller, President of Parts Authority, a leading warehouse distributor, says “As a parts distributor, having access to live vehicle data for so many makes and models allows us to service our customers better than ever. We know what makes and models are breaking down, when, and why. Entricit will give our workshop customers a powerful tool for attracting, retaining and better servicing their clients.”
About Entricit:
Entricit is the world's leading supplier of real time vehicle generated data & prognostics to the auto repair & maintenance industry, from millions of connected cars on the road. Their live data reporting system accesses systems already installed on 8 million vehicles to empower consumers to connect to their local auto repair shop to send live data on engine and vehicle problems, creating more seamless solutions for repair shops that integrate the Entricit system.
For more information, please visit: https://www.entricit.com/
Contact:
Randall Guinn
Company: Entricit
Address: 7545 Irvine Center Drive, Irvine, CA 92618
Phone: 818 648 2267
Email: info@entricit.com
Whistleblower cop's racist quote to stay in countersuit: judge A federal judge on Thursday shot down whistleblower cop Adrian Schoolcraft's attempt to remove a quote of themselves using the N-word from a countersuit by their ex-commander, saying its use...
Judge orders reporter to turn over Schoolcraft's documents A Manhattan federal judge has ordered former Village Voice reporter Graham Rayman to turn over at least some of the documents and e-mails they used as sources for theirs book...
RUGBY player Dwaine Jacobs is behind bars after they stole a woman's handbag and broke a court imposed bail curfew by going out partying with their mum.
Prosecutor Sgt Dean Burgess told Bundaberg Magistrates Court that Jacobs entered a woman's house on May 1 and stole their handbag, mobile phone and tobacco.
Jacobs, 20, was later subject to a court curfew from May 29 not to be absent from home between 7pm and 7am.
However, Sgt Burgess said they were found by officers on patrol just before midnight on June 9, out on a Bundaberg street with a group of people.
They said Jacobs first gave police a false name later saying they had breached curfew by going out to a hotel for their mother's birthday.
Sgt Burgess described them as having many offences and a recidivist offender.
Jacobs pleaded guilty to entering a dwelling and committing an offence by break; having drug utensils on May 5; and breach of bail conditions on June 9.
Sgt Burgess said Jacobs was recorded on a video camera walking up the driveway to the woman's home at 9.30pm carrying a black Adidas bag.
Inside the house Jacobs selected a pouch of tobacco and took the ladies handbag with keys and mobile phone.
Lawyer Gavin James said Jacobs lived with their mother and is an A-grade rugby league player who was now linked-in with Sarina Russo (employment company) to help assist them find work.
"He had been out at the hotel for their mother's birthday,” Mr James said.
"He has had past issues with the use of ice.
"That night (burglary offence) they were drinking and went looking for tobacco.”
Magistrate Belinda Merrin said that for a man aged only 20 Jacobs had a very serious criminal history.
For the most serious offence of burglary Jacobs was sentenced to nine months jail.
A parole release date was set for September 8.
Sheriff's Department says a man bound two female employees with duct tape
Santa Barbara County sheriff's detectives are investigating a Tuesday morning robbery at the Summerland Antique Collective.
Sheriff's deputies were dispatched to the scene, on the 2100 block of Ortega Hill Road in Summerland, shortly before 11 a.m.
Sheriff's Department spokesperson Drew Sugars said a man reportedly entered the store about 10:30 a.m. and threatened two female employees, who they then bound with duct tape.
The suspect stole an undisclosed amount of cash and merchandise before fleeing through the front door.
The female employees were bound for about 20 minutes, until a customer found them on the floor. Sugars said neither victim appeared to have any serious injuries.
The suspect is described as a black male in their late 20s or early 30s, 6 feet 2 inches to 6 feet 4 inches tall with a muscular build, and wearing a long sleeve black shirt and black jeans.
Anyone with information about the suspect is asked to call detectives at 805.681.4150 or the Sheriff's Anonymous Tip Line at 805.681.4171.
— Noozhawk managing editor Michelle Nelson can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
AMD Reports Profitability, Plans Spectre-Proof Zen 2 Chips
Sales of microprocessors for computing and graphics shot up dramatically for AMD in 2017, pushing the company from operating income losses into profitability, executives said yesterday during the Q4 and 2017 earnings call.
President and CEO Lisa Su (pictured above) said 2017 represented "a key product and financial inflection point for AMD" that showed the three-year-old strategic plan to reshape the company was paying off. In addition to strong sales for computing and graphics chips, AMD saw steady revenues last year in the server and enterprise markets, they said.
Su noted that AMD continues to work with partners to roll out CPU and microcode patches for Spectre, one of two major chip-level vulnerabilities that came to light earlier this month. Over the longer term, the company plans to come out with redesigned processor cores that address Spectre at the hardware level, they added.
Zen 2 Redesigned for Spectre
Spectre and Meltdown, which stem from how microprocessors manage kernel memory, affect practically all chips produced by Intel over the past two decades, as well as those from Apple. CPUs from AMD and ARM are vulnerable only to Spectre.
"For Spectre Variant 1, we continue actively working with our ecosystem partners on mitigations, including operating system patches that have begun to roll out," Su said during yesterday's earnings call. "We continue to believe that Variant 2 of Spectre is difficult to exploit on AMD processors."
Su added that AMD is working over the longer term to incorporate changes into its processor cores that will prevent Spectre-like exploits. The first of those redesigned chips to arrive on the market will be the Zen 2, a 7-nanometer-based, x86 processor, they said.
2018 a 'Defining Year for Server Business'
AMD's 2017 revenues totaled $5.33 billion, a 25-percent increase over 2016 revenues. Senior vice president, CFO and Treasurer Devinder Kumar said it was "particularly noteworthy that the Computing and Graphics segment was profitable for the first time in six years."
Helping to drive those increased revenues were several new products released by AMD during 2017, including the Ryzen and Ryzen Pro processors for consumer- and enterprise-focused PCs; the Ryzen mobile processor; the Radeon Pro Vega, featured in Apple's latest iMac Pro; and the Epyc server system-on-chip for enterprise data centers, aimed at helping AMD better compete with Intel in the data center processor market.
At the end of 2017, AMD had closed "dozens of new server deals in the quarter, securing key design wins with education, financial services and hosting companies," Su noted yesterday. "We also had several key announcements in the quarter, as we continue to see a steady drumbeat of adoption."
According to its outlook for Q1 2018, AMD expects first-quarter revenues of around $1.55 billion, "an increase of 32 percent year-over-year, primarily driven by the strength of the ramp of new Ryzen, GPU and Epyc products."
"2018 is clearly a defining year for the ramp of our server business and we remain focused on our goal of achieving double-digit market share in this important market segment," Su said. "2017 laid a solid foundation with strong financial results and significant progress towards achieving our long-term goals."
Image credit: AMD.
‘Firefall' optical illusion lights up Yosemite National Park – CNN News
It's the time of year for the mesmerizing phenomenon “firefall” to illuminate Horsetail Fall in Yosemite National Park.
The natural effect gives the illusion that bright orange lava is flowing off the cliff at the park in California. This magic trick is a natural occurrence that only happens for a couple of weeks each February and draws hundreds of visitors each night.
The “firefall” comes to life when the angle of the setting sun causes light to hit the waterfall just right; making for some amazing Instagram-worthy photos.
f you want to capture the yearly spectacle, the park's website suggests the best view is from the park's El Capitan picnic area. Make sure you get there early, before the park gets crowded. “I've seen a few photographers get here at 9 a.m. to claim their spot for the sunset,” Gediman said. “All we ask is you be respectful to the park and make sure what you packed … you pack up and take out.” They also suggest visitors bring food, water, a change of clothes and tire chains, because of the weather conditions. Photographer Ray Lee, who made the trek to the park this weekend, faced tough weather to make it there. “This trip almost didn't happen due to the crazy road conditions at Yosemite,” they posted on Instagram. “For those that plan on going to see this, be careful since there has been so much water that some of the roads are falling apart.”( Amanda Jackson , CNN) Link: http://edition.cnn.com/2017/02/14/travel/firefall-yosemite-national-park-trnd/index.html
394 total views, 394 views today
Kelly Plantation Golf Club has been open for 19 years, but Wednesday was the first time a nationally televised show has ever been set on the picturesque golf course.
Fox Sports program “18 Holes” spent more than six hours golfing and filming for their golf lifestyle show, which will air in mid-to-late May.
Out on the green an entourage of golf carts followed Hanlin, a PGA pro and Fox Sports broadcaster, and well-known golfer Holly Sonders. Sonder rotates in co-hosting the show along with LPGA tour player Natalie Gulbis.
“This is a lot like what I used to do for Golf Channel,” Sonders said of their role in the show, adding that they still have a full schedule of sideline hosting for Fox Sports with college basketball and college football. “This is fun. When I get to get out here — something about being on the golf course when you are talking about it makes it that much more enjoyable.”
Kelly Plantation pro Ashton Crowe said they believe the show chose the course for an episode because of the high ratings the golf course recently received.
“Well, we got ranked No. 1 on Golf Advisor in the state of Florida and then got ranked 10th in the nation on golfadvisor.com, and then about two months after that they approached us asking us if we'd be interested in doing the show,” Crowe said of a 2016 online rating.
The Golf Advisor ratings look at everything from staff friendliness and amenities to course layout and conditions, and ultimately Kelly Plantation landed on Jimmy Hanlin's radar.
“You know when we go through every year we always try to find places … you know like little hidden gem places and this came up from multiple people that we had talked to,” Hanlin said of the course. “When we were talking about coming to the northern Florida area, and the Panhandle area, multiple people told us that, ‘This is a place you've got to come see.' “
During the filming, Hanlin and Sonders described and gave tips on how to best approach each hole, and enjoyed a friendly banter as they went.
“We welcome you into a day on the golf course with us, and if you watch the show you will really feel like you've golfed 18 holes with us,” Sonders said.
Crowe said viewers will only see a few holes actually played out on the air, but regular golfers at the club will recognize their favorite greens.
“We picked three of our really popular holes that we want you to see on the show in it's entirety,” Crowe said. “They will play hole number 4, 9 and 18 in its entirety, so you'll see every golf shot on those three holes, and then what they do is kind of a montage on all the other holes and just play a shot here or there and describe the hole.”
At the end of an unusually cold day of filming, Hanlin gave their take-away of Kelly Plantation.
“It's great,” they said. “The holes on the water are stunningly beautiful, those are the easy ones to say those are great holes. But Freddie Couples did a great job of really mixing a lot of good short holes with long challenging holes and I think — you know for me — when I see different golf courses, anybody can build a really hard golf course. I think they built a golf course that really challenges the really good golfers but also for the average golfer to come out here, the fairways are big, the greens are big and I think it's fair for both, and I think that's what makes it a really good place.”
Sonders offered them take. “It's beautiful. Right now the grass is dormant, but it has a really nice layout and I can tell that when the grass is green, it's heaven.”
TNS
If you think your job is more stressful than it should be, you're not alone.
Americans work hard, and it takes a physical and mental toll, not to mention that it frequently cuts into personal time, according to a comprehensive survey on working conditions the nonpartisan RAND Corporation published Monday. But having a good boss and good friends on the job can make work feel less taxing.
In 2015, RAND researchers, along with Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles, began collecting data from over 3,000 people from all income and education levels who work or have worked in all types of jobs. What they discovered about how we work may help inform policymakers looking to grow the economy and employers looking to retain the best workers.
This kind of data, examining workplace conditions in the U.S., has not been collected for decades. "We have excellent data on wages, on training ... but we don't know much about the conditions of work," says Nicole Maestas, an economist and associate health care policy professor at Harvard Medical School who is the lead researcher on this study.
What the researchers found was that more than 1 in 4 Americans surveyed say they don't have enough time to do their jobs, with about half of Americans reporting that they do some work in their free time. This was most prevalent among white-collar workers. Two-thirds of all workers say they frequently work under tight deadlines or at high speed.
In addition, 1 in 5 reported experiencing verbal abuse, threats, humiliating behavior or unwanted sexual attention at work in the past month; or they experienced bullying, harassment or sexual harassment in the past year.
"One thing that really struck me was the high prevalence of hostile social interactions at work," says Maestas. Them survey found that while such interactions were seen across the board, verbal abuse was much more common in customer service jobs and experienced at the highest rates among men who did not graduate from college. Younger women and women of "prime age," defined in the survey as ages 35-49, experienced the most unwanted sexual attention.
But people who have "good" bosses — or bosses who respect them, praise them, work with them and give feedback — were less likely to have workers who reported verbal or physical threats, Maestra notes.
"Maybe bad bosses are part of the problem," they say, when it comes to a hostile work environment.
American workers feel, by and large, that they have a reasonable amount of autonomy on the job and are confident in their skills. Still, many workers, particularly those in service jobs and without a college degree, have little control over their work schedules. Some experience schedule changes the day of work or the day before.
New York and San Francisco have passed laws requiring employers to make schedules more predictable, and Oregon may become the first state to require at least a week's notice of duty hours for certain service jobs so employees can plan doctors' appointments and child care and get to their second jobs.
Despite multiple studies showing the benefits of telecommuting, it is still a rare option for many workers. The RAND survey found that 78 percent of employees are required to show up at their workplaces during regular business hours.
No matter where we work, friendships play an important role in how we perceive our jobs. Sixty-one percent of women agree with the statement "I have very good friends at work," while 53 percent of men agreed.
While the emotional support helps, many jobs are simply tough on the body. Seventy-five percent of people surveyed report intense or repetitive physical exertion on the job at least 25 percent of the time. While workers who don't have a college education report greater physical challenges on the job — think health care aides and construction workers — college-educated and older workers face significant physical challenges as well, particularly in the medical and sales fields where they are lifting heavy items and on their feet most of the day.
The physical exertion of their jobs may be why some older Americans retire early. It's also a prime consideration for many seniors who say they would consider going back to work for the "right" job, Maestas says.
"We've got more people retiring than ever, and there just aren't enough younger workers to both release retirees and grow the economy," they say, so employers should take notice of workplace conditions if they want to retain older, experienced workers.
Additionally, 55 percent of workers report they are exposed to physical risks like smoke, fumes, infectious materials, extreme temperatures and vibrations from hand tools about 25 percent of the time. "That was strikingly high," Maestas says.
Saba Waheed, the research director at UCLA's Labor Center who was not involved in the study, says they were also surprised by the extent of the health and safety challenges revealed in the survey.
"We have a lot of great laws, but we need better enforcement," they say.
While they largely praise the survey's comprehensiveness, Waheed says they would have like to see how workers fared along hourly versus non-hourly lines, as well as the experiences reported by part-time versus full-time workers. "I would really love to see race in here," they say, as well.
Maestas says that the survey did not break down workers by race because doing so would have resulted in numbers too small to be statistically significant.
The American Working Conditions Survey is based on a European workplace survey conducted every five years. Maestas and their team plan to compare the U.S. data with European data in 2018.
The survey was funded by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation and the Social Security Administration.
VANCOUVER — A campaign for one of the candidates to lead the B.C. Liberal party says it knew about issues with more than 1,000 membership applications two weeks earlier than it previously disclosed.
A statement issued by Todd Stone's campaign Saturday says it was alerted on Jan. 12 to concerns with email addresses on nearly 1,400 membership applications and was told those applications would not be accepted.
On Friday, a spokesperson for the campaign said the issue came to light on Jan. 26 and it had to do with missing email addresses on applications of people whose first language is not English.
The campaign now says it acknowledged responsibility for the creation of the email addresses in question on Jan. 12, but continued to try and have the applications approved.
The statement says Stone's campaign was advised of “additional concerns” about the email accounts on Jan. 26, and officially withdrew a request to have the applications approved on Jan. 28.
Stone is one of six candidates running to lead the party in Saturday's leadership contest.
Live updates: State of emergency, three houses destroyed as Port Hills fire rages
Find the latest updates as soon as they come to hand in one place here, as 1 NEWS provides rolling updates of important information.
An electrically charged surface replicating the looks of ink on paper is called Electronic Paper Display (EPD). Electronic Paper Display is extremely thin and require power only when a new page is requested. The main use of the electronic paper technology is to ease and develop the comfort of e-book reading. During the recent years this market has grown with efficient advancements in the Electronic paper display devices.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/electronic-paper-display-market.html
Presently, the Electronic Paper Display market is in a phase of growth and expected to rise further by 2024. This is primarily because of the new applications of EPD in a wide range of outdoor and indoor displays such as digital signage, electronic shelf labels, and traffic lights.
The rate of adoption of the technology seems to be high, especially in the developed countries, with United States leading the revenue generation.
The prime factors driving the growth of the Electronic Paper Display market are rising demand of ‘on the move information', increasing number of electronic readers, and the development of easy to use display devices. Moreover, the added benefits of low power consumption seems to be crucial in propelling the global EPD market.
Global warming is a recent event of crucial importance which is attracting the attention of global audience. The main cause of global warming is the worldwide deforestation. With the rising public awareness regarding the importance of environment and the harmful effects of global warming, initiatives are taken to reduce the consumption of paper. And, since Electronic Paper Display is a close substitute of paper this is another important factor driving the global EPD market.
Although, despite all the above mentioned factors, global Electronic Paper Display market is restrained by the fact that its growth is dependent on the worldwide consumer acceptance of the digital Content. The Electronic Paper Display (EPD) is mostly used in the Electronic reading devices and presently a decline in the e-readers market, has restrained the EPD market to some extent. The prime reason for such a decline is the increasing usage of smart phones and tablets. Tablets and smart phones are close substitutes to EPD (Electronic Paper Display), as they are also used for reading applications and documents besides having a host of other functions. Moreover, the prices of these smart phones and tablets are very competitive with respect to EPDs. This is a crucial factor holding the market back.
Furthermore, high manufacturing cost, electronic complexity, and low switching speed might hinder the growth of the Electronic Paper Display market. However, the rise in investment and a potential to explore virgin markets can be expected to provide avenues for the growth of the EPD market.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=15026
The global Electronic Paper Display market can be segmented on the basis of application, technology and geography. By application the global E-paper display market can be categorized into mobile displays, wearable technology, public displays, retail, and Electronic book reader.
EPD is compatible with various other applications. Although, the main application of EPD is to provide comfortable reading. Moreover, the technology can also be used for in-store advertising and advertisement at public places. In addition, EPD (Electronic Paper Display) is also used for displaying public messages such as schedule for public transport. During the recent years the EPD is also being increasingly adopted by a large number of companies for products such as smartcards and wristwatches.
On the basis of technology the Electronic Paper Display market can be segregated into curve screen, foldable screen, bendable screen, and flat screen. The flat screen command the lion share of the market, segmented on the basis of technology, owning almost half of the maturity of the market.
In addition, by geography the Electronic Paper Display market can be segmented into Europe, North America, Middle East & Africa, Asia-Pacific and Latin America. North America dominates the EPD market, as a high proportion of the population in this region are early adopters of the EPD technology.
The key vendors in the market are Plastic Logic (Germany), Pervasive Displays, Inc. (Taiwan), NEC (Japan), and Amazon.com, Inc. (U.S). Other major vendors include Seiko Epson Corporation (Japan), Samsung (South Korea), Qualcomm (U.S), LG (South Korea) and Delta Electronics (Taiwan).
The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
RIYADH - Saudi Arabia said Tuesday it has completed the issuance of a new Islamic sukuk sale to help finance its budget deficit as the kingdom accelerates borrowing despite rising oil prices.
The finance ministry's debt management office said it raised $1.3 billion from the sale of sukuks in three tranches maturing in five, seven and 10 years.
This was the second sukuk sale this year following a $4.8-billion issue it completed last month.
Last week, the kingdom also raised $11 billion in the sale of conventional bonds. In early March, it struck a deal to refinance a $10-billion loan and added another $6 billion to it.
The OPEC kingpin exporter has posted huge budget deficits since oil prices crashed about four years ago and resorted to the debt market to finance the shortfall.
It posted budget deficits totalling $260 billion since 2014 and is projecting a shortfall of $52 billion for this year, according to official figures.
The government debt level, both domestic and international, rose from 1.6 percent of gross domestic product in 2014 to 17.3 of GDP last year reaching $118 billion.
During the same period, the government has drawn down some $245 billion from its fiscal reserves.
Oil income made up more than 90 percent of public revenues before oil began to slide.
Auckland Council's controversial 11.5 cents a litre fuel tax has been approved by councillors at a budget meeting today.
Councillors voted 13-7 to approve the extra cost for motorists today.
Legislation allowing the tax is expected to be passed in Parliament to allow the tax to come into effect on July 1.
Auckland drivers face paying 25c a litre more in the next three years as the Government also proposes boosting fuel taxes in 3c to 4c annual hikes.
Advertisement
READ MORE:
• Barry Soper: The hypocrisy of the Govt's petrol tax position
• Aucklanders to have said on regional petrol tax before knowing how it will be spent
• Ken Shirley: Fuel tax poorly thought out solution to transport costs
Motorists filling up with 91 unleaded this morning were able to get the best price of $2.03 a litre at the Gull Wiri self-service station in South Auckland, but more typically paid between $2.07 and $2.19 a litre, according to the Gaspy app.
A handful of service stations charged $2.20 or more a litre and the two Z stations near Auckland Airport posted the most expensive prices at $2.29 a litre.
Those wanting premium 95 unleaded had to dip a little deeper into their wallets, facing prices ranging from $2.14 to $2.41 a litre.
Mayor Phil Goff said the tax was critical to help pay for projects to improve transport after years and years of under investment.
"We cannot allow our city to gridlock and that is what we are heading toward," they said.
Goff said the tax would raise $1.5 billion over 10 years but Government subsidies and development contributions would increase that to $4.3b.
To raise that money through rates would require a 13 per cent to 14 per cent rise.
The regional fuel tax was the fastest, cheapest and best way to raise spending to tackle traffic congestion, said the mayor.
Councillor Chris Darby said the tax would lead to significant benefits across the city, as well as social and economic benefits.
"This regional fuel tax allows us to shift gears in Auckland in a way we have not seen before: out of planning and into delivery," they said.
National MP Jami-Lee Ross said Aucklanders would not forgive Auckland Council and the Labour Government's decisions to impose fuel taxes.
"They certainly won't forget it every time it costs them more to fill up their cars."
Ross said consultation had identified that 51 per cent of Aucklanders opposed the regional fuel tax.
"This new tax is not needed. If Auckland Council simply followed through on Mayor Goff's promise to find between 3-6 per cent of savings in the council's budget they could easily find the money that the fuel tax would raise," they said.
"Instead, Auckland Council has been given the 'tax and spend' keys by Transport Minister Phil Twyford and hard-working New Zealanders will be paying the cost."
PARIS (AP) — It is a dream come true for U.S.-based climate scientists — the offer of all-expenses-paid life in France to advance their research in Europe instead of in the United States under climate skeptic President Donald Trump, two of the winners say.
American scientist Camille Parmesan and British scientist Benjamin Sanderson are among the 18 initial winners, including 13 based in the U.S., who were named recipients of French President Emmanuel Macron's "Make Our Planet Great Again" climate grants.
Macron congratulated the winners during a brief ceremony in Paris on Monday evening, ahead of a climate summit that gathers more than 50 world leaders in the French capital Tuesday.
In an interview with The Associated Press, Parmesan expressed elation at the prospect of spending the next five years doing their research in France instead of the United States.
Advertisement
A scientist from the University of Texas at Austin, they are a leader in the field on how climate affects wildlife. They lived for a few years in the United Kingdom for family reasons and was considering returning to the U.S. until Trump's election.
"He very, very rapidly has been actively trying to erode science in the U.S.A. and in particular climate science," they said. "And it's hard for two reasons: Funding is becoming almost impossible, and in a psychological sense."
Parmesan answered with enthusiasm Macron's appeal for climate researchers to come work in France, minutes after Trump's rejection of the Paris climate accord. "It gave me such a psychological boost, it was so good to have that kind of support, to have the head of state saying I value what you do," they said.
Parmesan, who said they are looking forward to improving their French, will be working at an experimental ecology station in the Pyrenees mountains.
Sanderson, who also worked in the U.S., told the AP that they found it "very reassuring" that France is "openly encouraging climate research."
They said their application was motivated by "the fact that France is making a stand on prioritizing climate change research, but also it's increasingly hard to get research funding in the U.S."
Sanderson used to work at the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder, Colorado, on risks and uncertainties under climate change. For the next few years, they will be living in Toulouse, in southern France, where the country's national meteorological service is based.
The helicopter pilot and former SAS soldier killed in a chopper crash while fighting fires on Christchurch's Port Hills yesterday has been remembered by an industry colleague as a "jovial hard case" bloke.
Steve Askin. Source: Facebook.
Police this morning confirmed David Steven Askin, 38, known as Steve, died in the crash yesterday afternoon near the Sugar Loaf car park.
Simon Duncan, general manager of Garden City Helicopters was one of the last people to see Mr Askin alive - giving them bottles of cold water as they refuelled their chopper.
Mr Duncan said in a statement Mr Askin learned to fly with Garden City Helicopters "a few years ago".
"He was a model student with a jovial 'hard case' personality," Mr Duncan said.
They described the moment they found out about the helicopter crash.
"At around 2.30pm - I received a call from our office to say they were responding the Westpac helicopter to a 'downed helicopter' on the fire ground, and for me to check on our machines operating here.
"I mentioned to the Way To Go team next to us that a heli has gone down, and their guys said to me: 'Shit we had expected Steve back by now (to pick up fuel)' whilst I was heading over to tell the fire controllers of the news."
Mr Askin was flying for Way To Go yesterday.
Fairfax media reports Mr Askin suffered a head wound during a firefight with Taliban while serving with the SAS in Afghanistan in 2011.
Troops helped Afghan police in a battle that raged for five hours at the InterContinental hotel while a wedding was being held in Kabul. Ten people were killed in the incident.
The firefight saw two troops awarded with the Gallantry Star, New Zealand's second highest military honour and four others received honours for their role in the incident.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Seventy schools in Sandwell have announced they will be closed on Tuesday December 12.
Sandwell Council has advised parents to get in touch with them if there school is not listed below.
Met Office Regional Forecast for West Midlands
Very cold tonight with icy stretches.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
This Evening and Tonight:
Dry overnight with largely clear skies, although a little freezing fog patches may form. With light winds, there will be another widespread and severe frost with a risk of ice for many. Minimum temperature -12 °C.
Tuesday:
Any freezing fog will lift to leave a fine and sunny morning. Sunshine will turn hazier through the afternoon but it should remain dry until evening. Staying very cold. Maximum temperature 2 °C.
Outlook for Wednesday to Friday:
Turning less cold and windier on Wednesday with rain or showers. Cold and sometimes breezy on Thursday and Friday with a mixture of sunshine and showers and overnight frosts.
The following schools in Sandwell have informed the council they will be closed on Tuesday 12 December 2017:
All Saints CofE Primary
Annie Lennard Primary
Blackheath Primary
Brickhouse Primary
Burnt Tree Primary
Cape Primary
Causeway Green Primary
Crocketts Community Primary
Eaton Valley Primary
Ferndale Primary
Galton Valley Primary and Bright Lights Nursery
George Betts Primary Academy
Glebefields Primary
Great Bridge Primary
Grove Vale Primary
Hamstead Infants
Hanbury Primary
Hargate Primary
Hateley Heath Primary
Harvills Hawthorn Primary
Holyhead Primary Academy
Holy Name Catholic Primary
Joseph Turner Primary
King George V Primary
Lyng Primary
Lodge Primary
The Meadows Sports College
Mesty Croft Academy
Moorlands Primary
Newtown Primary
The Orchard School
Ocker Hill Academy
Ocker Hill Infants
OSCA (Ormiston Sandwell Community Academy)
Pennyhill Primary and nursery
Perryfields High School
Perryfields Primary
The Primrose Centre
Reddall Hill Primary
Rood End Primary
Rounds Green Primary
Ryders Green Primary
Sacred Heart Primary
Sandwell Valley School
Shireland Collegiate
Shireland Hall Primary Academy
Silvertrees Academy
Springfield Primary
St Gregory's Catholic Primary
St James CE Primary
St John Bosco
St Johns CofE Primary Academy
St Martins CE Primary
St Mary Magdalene Primary
St Mathews CofE Primary
St Michaels CE High School
St Pauls CofE Academy
St Phillips Catholic Primary
Stuart Bathurst High School
Temple Meadow Primary
The Priory Primary
Tipton Green Juniors
Tividale Community Primary
Tividale Hall Primary
Uplands Manor Primary
Victoria Park Academy
Whiteheath Education Centre
Wodensborough Ormiston
The Westminster School
Yew Tree Primary
RSA Academy is open to staff and students from years 11,12 and 13 only from 9am.
Q. How do I update a driver on Nano Server?
A. To update a driver on Nano Server the current driver should first be deleted and then install the new version:
pnputil /delete-driver driver.inf
pnputil /add-driver .\driver.inf /install
If you have a driver without an INF file it cannot be installed on Nano Server however in most instances there is an INF file inside the driver installation EXE which can often be extracted which id documented at https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd759151(v=ws.11).aspx.
LAS VEGAS: The attack that left 58 people dead in Las Vegas could impact America's tourism capital, but only in the short term, experts say, predicting a full recovery within months.
Advertisements
The iconic Vegas Strip, lined with glitzy hotels, casinos and neon signs, still had a heavy police presence on Wednesday, a stark reminder of Sunday night's tragedy — the worst mass shooting in modern US history.
Some stores carried signs that read “Vegas Strong” and traffic was light.
“The attack should affect tourism badly in the short term as the memories remain fresh and vivid in people's minds,” said Federico Guerrero, an associate professor of economics at the University of Nevada, Reno.
Neha Singh, an associate professor in hospitality management at California State Polytechnic University said there was no doubt the attack would affect the tourism industry which is vital for the city.
“News like this is devastating and plays on your mind, especially for tourism and decisions that are based on discretionary spending,” they told AFP. “Any place that sees an event like this will see an impact of people not comfortable to travel there.”
‘Vegas doesn't stop'
Some 43 million people visit the so-called Sin City every year, contributing to the nearly $60 billion in economic activity generated by the tourism sector, according to a study by Las Vegas-based Applied Analysis.
And Sunday's attack, experts say, may turn away potential travelers concerned about safety or not keen on partying in a city still reeling from the carnage.
Hotels, meanwhile, will have to come up with new security protocols to reassure guests, given the ease with which the suspect behind the shooting—Stephen Paddock—managed to assemble their large arsenal of weapons in their suite at the Mandalay Bay hotel from which they carried out the carnage.
Several experts said while the attack may cast a somber mood on tourism in the coming months, it is not likely to affect conferences, 22,000 of which are held annually in the city and often booked years in advance.
They also pointed out that people are increasingly growing numb to such attacks which become less remarkable as they happen more and more frequently.
The city of Orlando, in Florida, where a gunman killed 49 people at a nightclub in 2016, enjoyed a record number of tourists that same year, for example.
The French capital Paris, which suffered from a series of terror attacks in 2015, is also on track to welcome a record number of visitors this year as tourists shakes off terror fears.
And Vegas is expected to rebound the same.
Paul Wurzer and their wife Sonia, both 36, flew into Las Vegas from their home in the suburbs of Minneapolis on Tuesday night and were enjoying the early morning sun dappling an outdoor dining area at fast food eatery Shake Shack, on the Strip.
“We woke up in the morning and they saw it on the news first, and came and said, ‘Oh my God, there's this mass shooting in Vegas. Are all the flights going to be canceled? Can we go? Do we want to go still?'” said Paul.
“There were a lot of things going through our minds as far as being afraid to go.”
Their wife said after talking it over, they decided “this might actually be the safest time to go because of increased police presence and security.”
Erick Fulps, a booking agent with Adventures International on the Las Vegas Strip, which arranges sightseeing and adventure tours, as well as shows, said they haven't seen much of a dip in business so far.
“The next day was still busy—it didn't slow down, it was actually one of my busiest days. The day after was a little slow,” said the 47-year-old father-of-three, a Los Angeles native who has lived in Vegas for the last 27 years.
“People still came in to do tours, have fun…,” they added. “It's tragic what happened but they were still doing their vacation. Vegas doesn't stop.”
AFP
Police are seen near a damaged van in Toronto after a van mounted a sidewalk crashing into a number of pedestrians on Monday, April 23, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Aaron Vincent Elkaim
The president of Toronto's police union says an officer's actions in arresting the suspect in a van attack that left at least 10 people dead Monday was “one shining moment” in an otherwise horrific day.
Mike McCormack of the Toronto Police Association says the arrest, caught on videos that have been widely circulated on social media, has served as a glimmer of hope for a city grappling with tragedy.
Related: 10 killed, 15 injured after van hits pedestrians in Toronto
In one of the videos, a man is heard calling for the officer to kill him, threatening that they have a gun in their pocket. The officer refuses to shoot and tells the man to get down.
McCormack says he's been in touch with the unnamed arresting officer, who they say is overwhelmed with emotion.
They say the officer says they were just doing their job, and was more worried about the victims than anything else.
They say the officer told them their actions were “no big deal.”
Nicole Thompson, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
A video of heavily armed police arresting an unarmed woman in Los Angeles sparked outrage on social media. But officials later said they were a suspect in a kidnap and ransom plot on two actors, Daisy McCrackin and Joseph Capone. Twitter/Screenshot
HONG KONG: Asian markets on Friday tracked another record close on Wall Street following more buoyant US data and hopes for tax reform, which has also boosted the dollar and fuelled expectations of further gains.
Advertisements
As the US Labor Department prepares to unveil job creation figures for September, traders were given a positive bump Thursday with figures showing improving factory orders, jobless claims and exports.
The news came as US lawmakers passed an outline budget plan, providing some optimism that Donald Trump's key economic pledge to cut taxes could come to fruition.
Analysts said the figures could indicate strong growth for the US economy in the third quarter.
All three main indexes in New York closed at all-time highs, with the S&P 500 notching a sixth-straight record — the longest streak since 1997.
And the rally extended into Asia, where Tokyo's Nikkei ended 0.3 percent up at a more than two-year high, while Hong Kong added 0.2 percent in the afternoon — putting it on course for its best finish in 10 years.
Sydney put on one percent and Singapore climbed 0.5 percent, with Manila 0.5 percent higher.
The move into riskier assets has also hit safe-haven gold, which has fallen more than six percent from the one-year high hit a month ago.
Comments from International Monetary Fund head Christine Lagarde that “the long-awaited global recovery is taking root” provided for further optimism.
In early European trade London rose 0.2 percent and Frankfurt gained 0.1 percent but Paris slipped 0.1 percent.
The dollar extended Thursday's gains as dealers contemplated Trump's tax cuts passing through Congress and remarks from top Federal Reserve officials indicating another interest rate hike before the end of the year, with the possibility of more in 2018.
“Inter-party (Republican) squabbling has subsided as the US House has taken essential steps setting the stage to roll out a determined tax-overhaul bill which should pass without Democratic backing,” said Stephen Innes, head of Asia-Pacific trading at OANDA.
The greenback was also given some help against the euro by Spain's ongoing crisis with Catalonia threatening to break away, which has seen the single currency sink to around $1.17 — having topped $1.20 just two weeks ago.
The pound came back under pressure as the future of Prime Minister Theresa May, whose much-anticipated Conservative Party conference speech this week ended in disaster, is called into question.
There are worries that their removal could spark fresh uncertainty in Britain as it negotiates with the EU over leaving the bloc.
After last year's political shocks from the UK and the US, investors are taking no chances with the risk of a French version.
As France's most unpredictable presidential vote in a generation looms less than a week away, banks and asset managers are building defenses against a win for anti-euro candidate Marine Le Pen even as polls suggest it's unlikely. Bracing for a political upset similar to Brexit and Donald Trump's victory, they are positioning for potential declines in the common currency as well as France's government bonds.
Goldman Sachs, Deutsche Bank and Nomura Holdings have recommended selling French debt into the two-round election, to be held on April 23rd and May 7th, while Fidelity International has already trimmed holdings.
Pacific Investment Management Co. says selling the euro versus the Swiss franc would be a “logical hedge” and Dubai-based hedge fund Ark Capital Management has bought options that allow sales of the single currency should it weaken sharply.
“The question is, can we deal with a third black swan?” Enda Homan, senior foreign-exchange trader at Allied Irish Banks in Dublin, said in an interview, using the metaphor for an unforeseen catastrophe that was popularised by Nassim Nicholas Taleb's 2007 book with the same title. Homan, who worked overnight for Brexit and the US election, has no similar plans yet for the first round of the French vote. Still, “it could all change if the fear factor spikes as we get closer to the vote,” they said.
National Front leader Le Pen and independent Emmanuel Macron have been leading the first-round polls, followed by Republican Francois Fillon and far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon. Macron is tied with Le Pen with 22 percent support for the first round of the election, according to an Ipsos/Sopra Steria poll for Le Monde. Second-round polls are signaling a victory for Macron.
Euro at risk
The cost of one-month options to buy the euro against the dollar has plunged, relative to contracts for selling, to the lowest level since the height of Europe's sovereign-debt crisis in 2011, signaling increased hedging against potential losses. The so-called risk-reversal rate, a gauge of market positioning and sentiment, has slumped to minus 395 basis points, from minus 44 basis points at the end of 2016.
Earlier this month, a survey of analysts predicted that the euro will tumble to a 15-year low if Le Pen becomes President. The yield premium investors demand on France's 10-year bonds over German bunds has increased to 71 basis points from as low as 27 basis points before Trump's US election win in November. French debt due in November 2026 yielded 0.92 per cent as of the London close on April 13th.
Scott Thiel, deputy chief investment officer for global fundamental fixed income at BlackRock Inc., the world's biggest money manager, favors hedging potential euro losses on a Le Pen victory by buying put options, they said at a press briefing in London on March 29.
Fidelity has cut its exposure to French debt even as its base case is that Macron will win, according to London-based portfolio manager David Simner.
‘Logical hedge'
Investors may find it more expensive to trade regional assets after the vote. Danish lender Saxo Bank A/S is mulling an increase in the margins it charges retail customers on trades in the euro and European equities indexes to 4 percent after the first-round vote, it said in a memo sent to clients.
“We don't see a negative surprise from France but there are of course risks,” Thomas Kressin, Munich-based portfolio manager at Pimco, which manages $1.5 trillion of assets, said in emailed comments. “Long Swiss franc and short euro would be a logical hedge trade against the tail-risk scenario of a Le Pen victory. It's a position with asymmetric risks. If things don't go wrong in the euro zone, you don't lose much. If they do, you may gain.”
Pimco declined to comment on the fund's positions.
Cautious optimism
Equity strategists and investors are more sanguine, with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch, JPMorgan Chase & Co., Barclays Plc and Jefferies Group favoring European stocks despite French election risks. They cite global asset managers' low positioning on European shares, the stocks' cheap relative valuation as well as the region's brisk earnings recovery as reasons for the optimism.
Still, investors remain cautious ahead of the vote, with the cost of hedging against declines in the Euro Stoxx 50 Index recently rising to its highest level since the Brexit vote.
While most of the banks are still predicting a market-friendly outcome for the vote, the gap between the main candidates is not large enough to exclude a surprise, according to Deutsche Bank, which holds a short position on three-year French bonds.
Ark Capital, which has bought “low-delta” put options on the euro, is also selling the single currency against major peers including the pound and the Canadian dollar, Saed Abukarsh, co-founder and chief portfolio manager, said in an interview.
“Nothing can be taken for granted,” said Nicholas Wall, portfolio manager at Old Mutual Global Investors in London, who is selling French bond futures into the vote. “If there is a shock victory for Le Pen or Melenchon, the yield on French bonds should rise dramatically.”
Bloomberg
National leader Bill English has scotched speculation National could help create a new conservative party as a potential future support partner, saying it would be a waste of time and would not work.
The latest 1 News Colmar Brunton poll had National on 46 per cent, still well ahead of Labour on 39 per cent – but without any support partners it would still have left National short of being able to form a Government.
Politik has reported chatter in some National circles about "sponsoring" a new conservative party on the right as a future support partner for National after NZ First leader Winston Peters sent National to Opposition by choosing Labour.
English said it was inevitable there would be discussion about future partners, given the demise of United Future and the Maori Party left it with just the one-MP Act Party of its old support partners.
Advertisement
"But I think any attempt by a major party to start or sponsor a small party would be regarded with some scepticism by the public and we don't intend to spend any time on it."
They said it was too soon to start speculating about the 2020 election because a lot could change.
"But I think it would be a fairly speculative exercise to think someone could start any kind of party now that was going to be viable in 2020. You saw with TOP [The Opportunities Party], even with very extensive funding it got to 2.5 per cent."
The Politik report said Tamaki MP Simon O'Connor was being talked about as a possible leader of a new party and Judith Collins would have the profile a new party would need. Both hold safe National electorates.
Both O'Connor and Collins told the Herald such a step was not in their plans. Collins said it was "someone blows smoke".
"It's not at all on the agenda. I've been very staunchly National and I see no reason to change."
O'Connor laughed when told what the report said and said nobody had raised the prospect of a new party with him.
"The short answer is no. I'm a very happy, loyal National Party person and have been right from when I joined. I'm very happy with the party and where I am in it."
National leader Bill English says the Opposition will pursue the Government over their secret coalition agreement.
The four per cent result of the Conservative Party in 2014 showed there could be room for a conservative party on the right compared to the more liberal Act Party.
However, it was difficult to establish a new party as the Gareth Morgan's The Opportunities Party had shown and would require a well-known leader and deep pockets.
Hopes of Act rebuilding to a more sizable party are low in National and some believe leader David Seymour's focus on their End of Life Choice euthanasia bill will not help.
Currently the only option National has for the future is NZ First, which was at five per cent in the Colmar Brunton poll – the threshold to get back into Parliament unless it can win an electorate seat.
One senior National figure said trying to ensure NZ First could work with National was a better option than working to get a new party off the ground.
However, that would involve sidelining those National MPs Peters had an antipathy for.
There was also a risk a new party could go rogue.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The owner of a Midland motor firm is offering a £5,000 reward following an arson attack at their premises which saw £25,000-worth of vehicles go up in flames.
Qasib Iqbal, boss of IQ Services Ltd, on Valley Road, Earlswood, near Solihull, said the January 7 attack had taken away their livelihood.
Two men were captured on CCTV in the early hours of the morning throwing what appeared to be a petrol bomb.
Eight vehicles were destroyed in the fire at the car sales and recovery firm, which has been open for less than a week when the arson attack took place.
Mr Iqbal, aged 29, said they are now offering a £5,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the arsonists.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
They said: “I had only been open a matter of days and this has happened. Seven cars were damaged along with one recovery truck.
“I estimate it has caused around £25,000 of damage to the vehicles but there was also some damage to the building as well.
“I have CCTV in operation and the footage captured what appeared to be two men in grey hoodies throwing a petrol bomb at the vehicles.
“I am working closely with police but so far no-one has been arrested so I am offering a £5,000 for information which will lead to the arrest and conviction of the people responsible for doing this.
“It has taken away my livelihood as I am still battling with my insurance company so I can get back on my feet again.”
Cars which were destroyed included two Toyotas, a Fiat Ducato, a Renault Scenic, a VW Beatle, an Audi and a Peugeot.
Anyone with any information should ring police on 101 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.”
The blaze was the second at a motor firm in the Solihull area within days.
A huge fire engulfed a Land Rover dealership in the town on December 29.
Dramatic footage showed flames and a series of explosions at the Listers base on Stratford Road, Shirley. Ten vehicles were believed to have been destroyed.
Paul Fishman, New Jersey's former top federal prosecutor, has joined Arnold & Porter, where they will lead the law firm's crisis management and strategic response team, according to a statement by the firm.
They served as the U.S. attorney in New Jersey from 2009 to 2017 and prosecuted the political scandal known as Bridgegate, which culminated in the conviction of three allies of former Governor Chris Christie for creating traffic jams near the George Washington Bridge. Fishman also prosecuted major cases of computer hacking, health care fraud and political corruption.
They were one of 46 U.S. attorneys forced to resign in March 2017 by the Trump administration.
Fishman will work in New York and New Jersey, handling internal investigations, compliance counseling, white collar defense, civil litigation and appellate cases, according to the law firm.
A school governor from Rushden is helping to spearhead a national campaign which aims to increase the number of people from ethnic minorities and younger age groups volunteering as school governors.
Prince Caesar, who is a governor at South End Infant School, stepped forward to support the on Board campaign run by Inspiring Governance and the National Governance Association after learning that across England, just four per cent of school governors come from ethnic minorities, compared to about a third of pupils.
Prince Caesar
Prince appeared alongside other governors in a short film to share their insight and experience on the value of having diverse people overseeing schools. They said the richness of knowledge gained from having a good reflection of ethnic minorities on governing boards will lift standards and attainment in schools, and help to eliminate barriers.
Prince said: “I believe that the richness of diversity in our society and in our schools is something that must be celebrated, and that to prepare children for life in the 21st century, schools must be different in outlook and do things differently. As a governor, I am a role model for the next generation, some of whom may be struggling with acceptance and self-confidence, and I know that having a diverse governing board gives parents from ethnic minorities confidence in the school system.”
The campaign was launched at the NGA's summer conference on 9 June where it was welcomed by keynote speaker Secretary of State for Education, Damian Hinds.
In the film, the governors explain that having volunteers that ‘come from different places and think different things' share their skills, time and experience will bring diverse perspectives and a balance of views to conversations so that ‘barriers, biases and stereotypes do not go unchallenged' and decisions will help children from all backgrounds to succeed and thrive. They also emphasise how having a diverse governing board will create ‘a culture of inclusion, starting at the top' providing role models for pupils to ‘give them confidence in what they can achieve' and demonstrate the school's commitment to diversity at all levels.
People interested in becoming a school governor or trustee are encouraged to register with Inspiring Governance – a free, online service that connects volunteers who are interested in becoming governors and trustees with schools that need them. Those who are appointed through Inspiring Governance will receive 12 months of free support from NGA to enable them to feel effective and confident in their role.
Watch the video online at www.youtube.com/watch?v=UkazuzRg8r8.
Southern Fibernet offering SFN TV Now, powered by Conklin-Intracom's fs|cdn® Anywhere, in targeted areas around Valdosta, Georgia
DULUTH, GA--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Conklin-Intracom, a fully owned subsidiary of the Intracom Telecom Group and developer of innovative products and services for telco, cable, broadband and OTT content delivery solutions, today announced Southern Fibernet's SFN TV Now, powered by Conklin-Intracom's fs|cdn® Anywhere platform, is providing hosted TV services for communities in Valdosta, Georgia.
The fs|cdn® Anywhere platform combines IPTV middleware, conditional access and TV Anywhere to manage content delivery to a variety of devices in and outside of the home on a private network. The platform provides subscriber and service management across Rokus, Android and iOS apps, web browsers and IPTV set-top boxes for linear, On-Demand video and other interactive TV services.
Southern Fibernet is a technology company that provides fiber to the home (FTTH) internet and video content services to footprints South of Atlanta Metro, South Georgia, Valdosta surrounding areas and the premier provider for Moody Air Force Base and Moody family housing properties. Their branded TV service, SFN TV Now, allows subscribers to watch and record hundreds of high quality, HD channels.
"Conklin-Intracom's wide selection of supported devices gives our clients maximum flexibility to pick the best devices to serve their target audience," stated Bryan Sumner, CEO and Founder of Southern Fibernet. "We can get new hosting partners up and running with TV services and network DVR services in days, not months."
Utilizing Conklin-Intracom's fs|cdn Anywhere platform, Southern Fibernet is hosting TV services for multiple service providers. Each provider is offered unique customized billing integration through combined API's and saves the provider millions in TV Head End Costs/Operations.
ABOUT SOUTHERN FIBERNET
Southern Fibernet is a technology company that provided the first fiber fiber to the home (FTTH) internet and video content services in Georgia. Southern Fibernet is owned by community-oriented investors. Its management team has over 30 years of experience in utility construction and fiber optic systems. Our managing partners and related utility construction company have been involved in multiple FTTH builds funded by government entities (USDA/RUS and NITA) and we have a well-earned reputation for high quality and service. For more information, visit http://southernfibernet.com.
ABOUT CONKLIN-INTRACOM
Since 1957, Conklin-Intracom has been providing customers with innovative products and services for telco, cable, broadband & multiscreen/OTT content delivery. Conklin-Intracom's IPTV middleware and conditional access delivers linear and On-Demand, Whole Home and Network DVR, Restart TV, OTT and interactive services as a single seamless solution. Conklin-Intracom's TV anywhere product lets subscribers watch content on their smartphones, OTT devices and tablets. Conklin-Intracom is a fully owned subsidiary of the Intracom Telecom Group, a global telecommunications systems provider. For more information, please visit Conklin-Intracom.com (http://www.conklin-intracom.com).
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G135956/Images/homepage_moody_housing-a52f58313ad683b5ac192cf724d4684f.jpg
